It is difficult to describe this film and one wants to strive hard not to evict it quickly because you have a feeling that this can only be a perfect film for a 12 year old girl ... <br /> <br /> This film has a good-version concept modern beauty of sleep and deviation. It has some shots of dreams and beautiful drawings of a young boy and his mother to work with a school pupil ... to start well you say, but then you have had a passion, very greedy, trying to be science fiction, drama, exciting, story of romantic love, story story, comedy and everything under the sun. The result only left the audience to hear rather than enough. For example, when the girl (played with Risa Goto) was finally interested in kiss (Yuki Kohara), instead of being romantic, she tried to scare us to make us laugh later… it is a cheap trick, because it destroys all expectations and feelings it was trying to create for the best half of the film. I do not read the original movie story is based on (it is a work known by comic artist Osamu Tezuka known for its exciting and complicated stories) I wonder if all the problems have been found in the original story or happened by changing ? Instead it is unknown even to the person who uses the "logical logic" of the Japanese book. For example, how did Yuki Kohara's habit get to the hospital at an instant (when it thinks a long bus trip) run Risa Goto's behavior in front of TV cameras after seeing direct interviews on television? There are also some cases that are copied automatically (no matter how much!) from other films and all seem to be angry for that, ie. The famous "mouth of the Lion has wrapped my hand" from the "Roman Holiday" <br /> <br /> The movie tries to be everything but ends that nothing ... fails to be a story story and had no joke enough to be comedy ... and wonder there are some cases that even looks like a movie "unhosttional" movie.However, someone should give credit that managed to caputured some sense of teenage teenage. It is by watching this film I feel that there may be films that should come up with A warning label that said "This film is only suitable for someone under the age of 18", it would have been installed on this film poster. <br /> <br />
