That's the question you need to ask yourself as you watch this film "What was the point?" This movie was nothing but an hour and a half of disorder and people who were totally powerless (not using word executives) and script which you can say does not exist. One of the things that made me laugh more about this film is how it says "Victor's story written by" which means that there was a script for that part of the story. The whole part of the victory did not talk, and it was just the shots of the guy staring to the girl and vice versa. Make this part of the film as scripted as the camera left on the train station. Well, during the story. It starts with a boy who sits on a seat never never appearing. O prevent, who needs? The authors come to his home and ask him primarily to tell this story about these dead girls. So he begins the story in the days of Israel. and here is how the event is going (The boy and the girl have been in the field. Good music begins to play) (the boy who witnessed the girl) (the boy who witnessed the boy) (the boy looks at the girl) went back to the movie. That's very good all that happens for half of the movie. <br /> <br /> Another part of the film is a very strange conversation about a group of models that want to buy an apartment. So this real estate agent shows them one and when I say this discussion is important, if the player can walk during MACARENA. No characters in this film are proposed. Examples are very irritating, the winners are not talking, and the person who speaks the story has a sack of garlic. So all girls are eventually killed. and to be cut off, means drugs. ooh. showed one death? and to death means to hold his face until they can put blood makeup? amazing. How this man knows even this story is against me. He says it is because he saw it. but how? there was no one in the house! The door was closed closed without any way out, windows were associated with a fire escape which was so rotten to work, how HELL saw it all? Hollow holes Oh. we love you. So the film ends with a woman of information saying "I think you have done it. You are wasting our time" with the fact that she asked for an interview in the first place. Whatever it is. This movie was stupid, useless, and did not understand with many holes of conspiracy. I would like to continue on this film, but I don't see the need. I would like to spend my time doing something wrong. As a bed something. The "hell of hell" is mostly in purgatory and 2 dumb models. out of 10.
