A group of models are looking for an apartment to live, and is shown one by the local real estate agent. It is not known by the proverbs and the agent, however, that "the threshold of hell" is located on the floor and when it breaks, the demon "Dethman" is called to kill all those in its path. The story is told by Sam Bishop, a journalist who was charged with murder. Though I am a small budget champion, microbudget, and independent films, I can't praise this movie. The creators are proud of the 24-hour shooting schedule and at least one actor joins the DVD's ability to act, but I can't cover my head around this. Why make a film in 24 hours if an hour or two hours would make a difference? And why boast about acting that is poor, nonsensical and the result of poor delivery of a few lines? Through many films, models are being shown part of the apartment and real estate agent. These discussions are open because no author of the script can come up with such a diction. Agent, too, does not know anything about the house ... he takes care of the house which no one can take care of, explains the source of heat without a lie (did not see the radiator?) And says the vermin problem will be solved when they call the terminator. Please, enter the script - some deviation is good, but this was a mess. <br /> And why did girls continue in models? Their work was not in the program, and this seems to be a forced condition. At the same time, the actor breaks the character and says something to the effect of "dude, they will be (upset)" which looks more natural than any other line, although there is no place because of other bad conversations. <Br /> <br /> The demon had no meaning. I enjoyed the attempt to describe how the "hell of the hell" jumps to the most unusual places in the world (including fire areas), why not tell where the demon came? Its history involves a person whose love is killed by someone else. What? How does this make you a demon? (Also, why did we need all these keys for Victoriki without a conversation and looking at the field? It was standing more.) <br /> <br /> Departure speed between the lines was bad. Sam's bishop's behavior was far beyond, with the backbone. What? Any question requires a pause, face surface and reaction ... followed by pause, funny face and response? I was very surprised. For me, the only step was to allow time ... but I would like to have thirty minutes of delivery better than an alarming hour (and then a lot of time is lost by the adoption of the qualification twice). <Br /> <br /> Who was the character of the bishop of Sam, however? In fact he "saw" all this and was accused of killing the girls, but he still had no time in the story of girls and girls. So what did he do? And if he didn't, how did Dethman kill them? And if he did not see Dethman, how does Dethman be the spirit of the Apostles? I was so lost ... there was a plot of plot when this was written? The only part I found in this film was the scene and one of the models in the bathroom. Not that it was so important or nothing, but it was just the rest of the boredom I was given. I wonder what director Felix Diaz was thinking about. His music is very good (see DVD behind events with his non-attractive play), but I'm wondering about his film making. Although, by far the best part of the DVD was the trailer of its "Superhero Excelsior" (trailer alone was better than losing all this time). Sorry it must be very sharp. I would like to think that this film was a test of what could be done in 24 hours or maybe just a fun attempt and the idea never made the film better. But if "Superhero Excelsior" is any sign, Diaz can make a quality ... why did you decide to avoid it here? Maybe the world will never know you.
