I sat through this movie expecting a stimulating film, derived from the truth. But instead it was given some of the most thoughtless arguments about the Christian faith that can be considered. For example, in an attempt to prove that Christianity is a natural warfare, the author refers to the Bible every time without giving a context, thus changing the meaning of Scripture. Jesus was quoted as a command of those who disobeyed, when in fact, the quote is based on the example Jesus told, involving the king who was taken there. So the author makes it seem like Jesus says one thing while telling a story where one of his characters says. This is honest in a very clear form. What? Is this true that Atheism has to give the world? This film also tries to take advantage of the Passion of Christ on Jesus Christ: Superstar and the End of Christ as the evidence that Christians are blood. It does not mention the fact that Passion was a historical film of the historical Bible to date. It does not mention the fact that it was the truth of the group's critics. Then edits a series of violent pictures from Passion as a home hammer. Surprisingly, it will never again mention the Chainsaw massacre of Texas that came out a few months later and has been violent for entertainment, against a huge impact. One thing that was misleading me was his shame of people who actually knew more about it than he did. All Christians interviewed were the average sample in the New York Crusade parking lot of Billy Graham. Those unbelievers interviewed for the film were renowned and renowned writers. He asked Christians how the Christian movement started, and of course, they said it started with the Holy Spirit coming to the disciples at Pentecost. Which is correct (Acts 2). Then he explains, "It is no wonder how few Christians seem to be known by their own beliefs?" and continue to explain that the Apostle Paul began Christianity after he was stopped on the road to Damascus. The poor chapter appears to be sure that Acts 9 occurs before Acts 2. More deception? Or is this just ridiculous? He also gives us closer to the lie that Paul did not believe Jesus was a real person. What are you doing? 1 Corinthians 15 describes Jesus' death and resurrection to be preached by the people (whom Paul calls in the passage) to the Corinthians to question whether they have doubts! <br /> There are many examples of how to reject this 'document' this is. But because I don't have time or patience to get all of them, I'll go straight to the end. It is evident in the whole movie that the author has a emotional vendetta against his birth in the church. And the peak interview is its DESCRIPTION! In the final test of the Christian faith, the author tries to make a fool from a man who has been detained as a child. Is this what goes like the intellectual document for God's community? Certainly there are the intellectual filmmakers of God out there who can make a document that is not a crap that was made when it was 'truth'.
