First I would like to say that I do not believe in God (if you want to use God's word, soft, but I do not like that word because it describes what I am not, I am not) but I hate this “document. The whole was seen to be an uncertainty of Brian Flemming's uncertainty. The production ethics was awesome and Brian Flemming is clearly an excellent director of the story that showed that he said about all the film for one shot, and he had no practice even. The most of the umms and standing when he should be speaking in the movie. The animation was also very bad. The whole concept that Jesus is a historic character is not found by the historians and scholars of the Bible. I don't believe in God, and I don't think that if Jesus was a real person he can't say anything about the existence of God. The liver lived at a time when there was a maniac (look on apollonius of tiana) and that the stories of his life and preaching were beaten in proportion that died from his death. According to Wikipedia's explanation of Jesus' history (and there is a good citation for this so is garbage) "almost all scholars in the field of biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee who was regarded as a miner, was baptized by John the Baptist, was charged with opposing the rebellion against the Roman Empire, and by the order of Roman Governor Pontius Pilate was sentenced to death by crucifixion. [1] "I was left wondering at the end of the document if this was more about the safety of the director than anything else. I was left wondering if he was trying to assure himself more than anyone else. A further example of this is the last interview with the head of a religious school. He is not too much about it. The way he hits the teacher is right and when I agree with the director part, that teaching children about hell is a bad thing, the way that Flemming fought with the head was just waiting. Flemming had an opportunity to discuss good discussions, if he had more knowledge and interviews. Instead he comes sharp and "not bad to teach these children." The boy eliminates a short interview and I mean, he expected what, what to say "oh yes, I see it, I have seen the light, this will now be a secular school?" It seems that Flemming is a revenge for what he feels is bad for him during childhood. This is not about the document, this is about the uncertainty of Flemming, and it has nothing to do with the required documentation. Flemming shows what he is doing here, and that's the real fall of this document called.
