One of the most popular rentals in my local video store is not Borat or The Departed but 2005 documentary about Jesus Christ called God who was not there and director Brian Flemming, former Christian Fundamentalist. Flemming, in his 62-minute letter, says that Jesus was not a historical example but a story derived from pagan customs. Using interviews with the authors, philosophers and historians of the long-term Christian faith that Jesus, the son of God, lived among men, crucified, and resurrected, Flemming compares the story of Christ with those of Isis and Osiris worship in Egypt , Dionysus and Adonis in the Greek mythology, and the mysterious Roman churches such as Mithraism and find similarities in amazement. In addition to his testimony on the cult of Kikagani, he also says that the first sources of the story of Christ, the four gospels, were written forty or fifty years after the crucifixion of Jesus and that the letters of Saint Paul show little evidence about Jesus being the flesh and blood statistics. Flemming, unfortunately however, is not out of making a thorough investigation of the reality of Jesus' life but using the subject only as a move to the full attack of clans on Christianity and all religions. Most of the interviews include those involved with the philosophy and director including non-atheists such as Biologist Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price. Only Christians who are interviewed are those who are in a blow such as Scott Butcher, the creator of the Liberation Letters, and Ronald Sipus, the head of the Primary School of Primary School, which Flemming attended as a boy. Like Michael Moore's interview with Charlton Heston in the Bowling to Columbine, his interview with Sipus is so hard that Sipus walks in the middle. With an exciting voice, Flemming tells us how Christianity was misinterpreted on the sun around the earth, and then shows the evil being done in the name of Christianity such as those of the worship leader Charles Manson killed 11 people and Dena Schlosser, who cut off the baby's hand away for God. He also raises information from the book of LaHaye and Jenkins, which says that Christians "expect the day when all non-Christians will be cast into the lake of fire, mourning and fighting." In order to prevent us further against Christianity, Flemming shows us to expand clips from Mel Gibson's Passion of Christ, a minute description of every area of ​​violence and persecution. What could be a good discussion on a very interesting subject eventually becomes a children's column and a weakness against all religions. In the process of prosecuting those who used Christianity to make improper acts, he hates people like the participant Muriel Lester, the famous Christian pacifist, Rigoberta Menchú Tum, the Mayan Indian Guatemala Indian who helped to find the Revolutionary Christians and receive the Nobel Peace Prize in recognition of work her to the right of society, and Mother Teresa, whose work was on everyone's respect and worth. His further discussion is the comparison of Christian doctrines and pagan rites and makes some good points, yet Flemming does not tell us that when some of these groups are similar to Christian doctrine, no literature or equipment The source for these worships before 300AD, long after the New Testament. It is also important to identify one main difference. The first goal of the founders was the mystical experience that led them to feel that they had succeeded with their god. This is an antichrist for a Christian who believes that the leadership of the Church including priests and bishops all the way to the Pope is required to translate God's will to mankind. Although I am not a Christian and I have doubts about whether or not Jesus Christ was a historical example, the fact is that, in a long-term plan, it may not matter. The important thing is that the message was brought to mankind and spread throughout the world which has contributed to the spiritual change of mankind. Regardless of the damage and crime that was later carried out by his name and there were many, Christianity as conceived was the doctrine of compassion and love, and the moral and moral principle that promoted respect for our fellow man. When I am grateful for the fact that the film was made and that the topic of the topic was discussed, what is needed is not another attempt to divide religion as a battlefield but see it as a common stick that can bring people of the world together. While there is a chance to debate and talk about religious subjects, in the words of Annie Besant, "spiritual truth is best seen in the open air of brotherhood and respect. God who is not present is only proposed for those who have the idea of ​​a good time to lose their religion. others.
