The life of Jack London was a sufficient color for several films about its different issues. Unfortunately though his life used for the film was the propaganda during the war that sets the best face in the most interesting parts of his character. Jack London who was not 40 years old when he died wrote some of the best stories. He wrote about what he knew, but he also wrote as everyone else brings the burdens of his life experience with him. Some of these experiences in the day and sometimes they would be judged as racism. But this was World War II and London was the most faithful in 'yellow danger' as it was called back in the day. The third part of the film covers his life as a writer, we see his years as a host from where he got inspiration for Wolf Wolf. We see Yukon in the cabin of miner and dog which was undoubtedly his inspiration to the Call of the Wild. London was able to catch the spirit of adventure in which all his life was similar on paper for the world to enjoy since then. The last third part was dealt with in his time as the war writer covering the Russo- Japanese War. London was a civilizator, but his socialism had no people who were East. Like several million other people saw increasing Chinese and Japanese migration on our Pacific coast as a threat to work for white people. He advocated a strong immigration policy to the East. <br /> <br /> The film puts the car in front of the horse. London is presented as a person who saw it because he was near the Russo-Japanese War what Japan's expectations were and because it was as non-existent as he was. The reality of the evil prevalence during World War II did not exist during the Russian and Japanese wars. Japan had its royal aspirations, but also everyone else including the United States at the time. But our immigration policies caused by pressure from our West-Coast politicians were a major factor contributing to the deterioration of relations with Japan for several generations. London was part of the reason not the prophet crying in the wilderness. This video was the first independent production of Samuel Bronston who later made a film with a little more budget than Jack London. He had a little more money Bronston might have received James Cagney or Spencer Tracy, all of whom would be equal to that role. Instead they found Michael O'Shea who was making his second film after Lady of Burlesque. O'Shea is good at that place, but certainly did not have a box office. <br /> <br /> When London needs war, he meets Captain Tanaka who plays with Leonard Strong, an actress who is specialized in Europe and playing their tones in World War II. From the maximum stage in 1905 is strongly mentioned in Fu Manchu's best Japanese army aimed at reaching the United States finally. You must have gone up with a great crowd of return. <br /> <br /> Of course a lot has been lost out of London's life including the first wife. Playing the second wife and alone in this film is Susan Hayward who just enters the film when it is half. I would like to see him more. Charmian Kittredge London survived her husband for nearly 40 years in 1955. O'Shea met a married woman who led her life in Jack London. Virginia Mayo has a small role in Jack London and married 30 years until O'Shea died in 1973. <br /> Maybe one day we will get the views of Jack London which will be better than this.
