I respect Alex Cox the film manufacturer, I do the truth. She is like a school child who thinks at first she is trying too little to be "different", a punk-rocker author who wrote over her feet in the west of the spaghetti and science fiction and fringe-culture and come out the world already taking s *** on. .. but then you can see what he can actually do, talent and raw raw crafts and time of wonderful wonder and his hilarity, and you're ready to see anything he will offer. But there are two sides to its proverbial currency: it can either really wipe out the park (Repo Man, Sid & Nancy, Walker arguably) or just try a little bit too much and pull many rabbits way out of the hat (Similar to Hell). Death and Compass fall into the last category, and when I respect its original approach to the story of spying, it also falls on its face and its weaknesses become very serious. has enough adequate design and ready-to-follow follow-up follow-up: follow-up, Erik Lonnrot, it is after the killer and the sound of hell fire, red (object), and it seems that the killer leaves the ranks of disruption and its victims: beaten by The blood on the walls is a message which, according to eye evidence Alonso Zunz (Christopher Eccleston looking as he just walks off the Shallow Graph without changing the look) has a religious significance in Kabbalah. We follow Lonnrot on his case, and his tracking techniques perp, which include following the first model of triangular and then the model of the campus on the map - this despite the demonstration of the Mechanical Commissioner Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval), who also appears to turn forward -better the desk and talk to the audience in the informative but sad story of his former employee and colleague after the fact of the case. Oh, Cox has its time of creativity and interest, like a shot where we see the entire scope of the police station where the attitude of Eccleston is taken by hands ("For his protection" says Lonnrot in case of disappearance in the wrong room) and we followed in A long-track shot - perhaps better or more extraordinary — where we are taken through the dark roads with very little direction, lost in rotation turns and among the characters. And it is not surprising to * watch, with a beautiful Miguel Garzon film. But the plot goes through the hoola-hoops to keep such things off-beat can also beat-all-together. The exhibition, safe for Boyle and Eccleston at the end, is very bad, especially Sandoval who looks just as he strikes his goofy talks given to the audience. When the assassination plot itself has the intention of the audience that this is not something we have seen before, that it is in the most troubled society and the architecture that shows that the second wave of Alphaville, it also appears very fast. What's the crisis here? I have never been very involved with Boyle's personal message to find this killer, and only mildly found in a few murders (and / or murderers) following people like an early building (Cox himself has amusing amusing). And just when I started thinking it was leading up to something interesting, and Boyle and Eccleston in a big ("not as big as you think") build in the Southern part of the city, gives us a sudden "TWIST" that we know behind our imagination comes but hope is not, and defines any humanity has been leading. For everything of Cox it touches as a filmmaker, with all its resistance to the view of 'casual' viewers, which I respect, Death and Compass eventually reduces one to the trunk of the brain; is masturbatory.
