The only reason "Norliss Yarns" deserves ALL stars is the presence of Angie Dickinson in cast. Other than getting Angie Baby in the original performance of the "Police Police," there is nothing more to see here. </ </ MIN One day he disappears secretly after calling his publisher and advises that he has fallen into something that has put him at risk of death. The entire series whose written experiments were apparently intended to be a series of publications through "Norliss zones" - a set of voice zones that the author wrote when examining common cases. In the trial period, the rich businessman dies - but not before buying an old Egyptian ring from the local pastor who assures him that the bauble will give him a death after death. Soon we discover the ring itself does not give immortality. Instead, it repeats the pain of the painter, and allows him to escape his cries so that he can run around the city and pull out the beautiful girls of all their blood. <br /> <br /> Blue-faced, peeled with yellow and growing out of ARRRGHHHHHHs where we heard since you looked at the cartoons "Scooby Doo", the painter hunts his wife (Dickinson) one night of darkness. He runs and, through colleagues, the Norliss contacts get his help in solving the mystery behind his late husband's acquisition access to his property. <br /> <br /> So is this vampire person? No. No vampire in this story despite what you can read or hear. The painter can not drink the blood of the victims - it collects. How? I don't know. We see him attacking, even collecting. Why? To fulfill the second part of his immortality. It turns out that the reanimated painter will be allowed to live forever if he builds a magnificent demon image called Sargoth out of a mixture of soil and human blood. Once finished, Sargoth has a plan to stay in the statue, using it as his door in our world. FINAL FINANCIAL FINANCES: The Norliss Documents "are not considered as a series for very good reasons ... it was garbage. As you can see from my words, the story is a mess, without a bad pregnancy. Acting and conversation provides better. This is not a clash of "very bad" awards. Sometimes bad is just bad. After many years of hearing the ground on the good reputation of "Norliss Tapia," I was very excited to find a voice on Fox Movie Channel on 10/15/03. I wish I didn't set myself for fall. After testing this cry for the first time in the past two days, I can only assume any weaknesses you have heard from other IMDB critics are coming from those looking at the exhibition according to the small memory and youth confidence. Or maybe they are loyal fans of Dan Curtis. In any way, they have given you a misleading review of "Norliss Tapia." Pauly Orchid - October 17, 2003
