My God, what's going on? The film of Uwe Boll with good views? Don't! <br /> <br /> Good to note that many of the best views are coming from newbies for the work of the Boll. I myself, as I said the review of Uwe Boll, just look at his films in the hope that one day he will do something good. I mean ... YOU NEED IN THIS DAY! Alas, Seed is not that day. I don't know where to start with an attempt to get lost on the awesome film which the Seed is. Something to remember people is that sickos all over the world are the same way because they look at the various actions of the disease on video or net ..... or so Mr Boll believes. I am still unable to find out why my images of violence and real killings were needed in the first 10 minutes of this film. I understand the concept that Seed (killer) is sicko and enjoys watching such things ..... but he can't understand why Mr Boll thought to put a real picture in the film would work. Maybe we wonder? Hmmm ..... well, I for one is not squeamish and I can handle to see anything on the film. I am not, to get the use of pictures of real animals for a little. If you tried to shock him, it didn't work. It just reminds me of what the world has caused because these things happen and also because Uwe Boll is allowed to continue making the film. This kind of environment may have worked for the film in the 70/80 (Cannibal Holocaust) but not the market today. Even so, we can continue with the fact that Uwe has failed to provide a very affordable film to feel like a bloodRayne 2. You can only tell them that there was no amount of money around it for production. <br /> <br /> As usual, Mr Boll does not really care about making a good story as we are treated with boring shots of police officers looking at various videos of Seed victims in the first 25 hours. Each of these videos is completed by decomped up of the victim. It is all very interesting and stimulating. I will not comment on the walking area if it is delicious and something less than 'shock'. If you manage to stay for the first 25 hours then you will be made by police officers to walk through a very dark house to get the seeds. Lighting here is awesome and Uwe has an old 'I do not use a stable cam' fiasco that made with BloodRayne 2. Look like police officers die in ever growing through a stupid way until the point as the seeds are caught. This is the ignorance of soooo blood you see to believe. The man tells the Seed that can beat him. For some unknown reason, the girl did not throw him. Given that the seeds are a suicides that kill children as well as adults, it would have thought this time in the script that meant that it could win. From here we are recognized in the realm of stupidity, followed by supporters of the seed they live (and they know she is alive. The ground and then kill a woman with a hammer and kidnapped family cop. <br /> <br /> What I'm trying to get you all here is that just STUPID open! Not even Hollywood's fear of stupid .... just dumb open. Uwe Boll can not direct ****. Any person with any acceptance will accept it. Anyone who looks at this film and finds it in any way or form requires a lot of attention as a person. Once again we are treated with an improper, targeted, planned, manufactured, piece of Cr Crap.
