"Seeds" are suffering from porn ... of course on it. But, very strangely, Uwe Boll has written, produced, and directed more films than everything he has done in recent memory. Every time I watch a Boll film, I feel that some script pages must be lost. There are serious shortcomings in stories and discussions. Of course, nothing makes sense, either. These films are surreal in this way. SPAILERS ***** <br /> <br /> Why the six fighters who are going to catch the seeds are split and go their way differently when they reach the darkest, unlike fighters real who would enter and open the house for a pair or a third? Why did the fighters never use their radios? What? Bodies can decompose very quickly, a process that usually takes months? (I know it's photographing for a while ... but the seeds can't stay on a deadline if they are always waiting for a long-time breaker to be shown.) How the seeds wear to wear bib booths and mask when she waits for the death line instead of conventional uniforms? How can the seed enter the highest security cell, walk around the cell block, and then walk again without stopping or even being identified? If about 80 people (according to several newspaper articles shown in the film) have been killed, why is there only one investigation working on the case? Why did the investigator decide to go to the house of the Seed, where he was first arrested and killed his victims? (Didn't he think to do soon?) Why did the detective police really go, without going back and not even letting them know what he did and where he was going? This is especially to upset when Boll goes away from its way of ensuring that we understand why the electric chair can't work properly. She uses a few minutes of screening during this set, when she could use other movie stations at least more logical. O SP SP O O O O O O O O O "its) the death of cruelty and bludgeoning, rifle to the head, the execution of the electrocution, and the skin of living animals made for their pelts. (The opening of animal skins was necessary and exciting, but I understand their purpose in the film environment.) Of course, the basic seat is the death of the bludgeoning of a middle-aged woman with a hood. It is obvious that a lot of time was spent on this and accurately reminds you of the classic place in the "dog dogs", although without the voice of Steely Dan. <br /> <br /> Is this a good movie? No. It's worth seeing? Just like you a volunteer fan of a type of porn abuse or if you are completely interested in seeing a sample of porn abuse. As I said at the beginning of this review, although this film is very disgusting and may be bad for points, it is more suitable than many Boll movies. Perhaps he will continue to improve as a film manufacturer. I can only hope that he keeps more of the torture and more persistent in the vein of the "Postal".
