Name Uwe Boll is directly associated with bad movies of worship / worship and every new movie he offers? which is almost two, three times a year? once always receives negative ratings and sharp criticism. You are almost almost tempted to think this is just a modern hype. You know, if it's popular to hate Uwe Boll if you liked his movies or not. Let me assure you that this is not the case. Uwe Boll is a bad reporter / director and the truth is a danger to the whole industry to make a film. "Seed" is the most unfortunate of that evidence. Here, Boll tries so hard to come across as controversial and surprising that overlooks various other things that any film essentially requires exist, like plot, story structure, character development, tension building ?? "Seeds" is a hidden movie, with free demolition and inappropriate image of padding. I was reading that "Seed" was the interpretation of Uwe Boll's today's horrible trend of Torture Porn flicks, but that's not close. The film inarguably does borrow and influence a few from "Saw" and "Hostel", but essentially it's just another vapteenth quick slasher and endless killer with video violent game. The first 45 minutes of the "Seed" is not so much available and it certainly proves all the obvious things that you already know will happen. For seeing, Boll was a fool enough to start his films and (hyper- fast) scrolling text explaining there is a federal US law claiming that executed prisoners to be free as three electrocute attempts failed. So you know this will happen later, but the first three quarters are lost when you catch the serial killer and bring him to the electric seat. The seed is a mysterious murderer who claims to have been killed 666 victims (widespread?) Who wore a bag on his head. He looks at pictures of animal cruel creatures (and so we look at pictures of real-life animals, thanks to Mr. Boll) and video videos as a slow decrease in their cellar (including baby crying which is very sick and continues ). When he was finally captured, the more amateurish and implausible manhunt police ever recorded, and put in waiting hanging, the film even becomes more retarded. After a live burial because the electric chair cannot look for it, Max Crop comes up and goes to a new genocide; this time specifically targeting people who were arrested and killed. <br /> <br /> The ignorance of the ignorance and lack of the story of this movie may be bad; they are furious and despise the level of intelligence of the fanatic fanatic movie. Many twists and small conspiracy in the "Seed" are unlikely to be accepted by the right mind of the human mind simply because it is dumb! No one believes that the fighters and prison members will only cover mass killings without a few shot through his head first. No one will admit that the runaway judge cannot be found for six months even though he went back to the place where they first caught him! "Seeds" are full of small things like these and the movie gets dumber for every minute that passes. Personally, I refuse to admit that members of the cast and employees did not see this too. It really makes you think that Uwe Boll mentions only advice and criticism, and diligently stimulates his movies in the way he wants. I think its right things like "fast and do as you are told" to its administrators whenever they say that the area where they shoot is not appropriate to have feelings. <br /> <br /> Just for the fun of people upsetting, there is a gigantically overlong series where Max Seed attacks an elderly woman to death with a hammer when she is bound to a seat in the center of her own living room. Instead of surprising, like Boll's goal that, this sequence to skillfully discusses how pathetic and wannabe all the complexity of the film really is. "Seed" is terrible, it is disgusting, it is sad, is it? Boll.
