First ... I have never pretended to be Uwe Boll Hater since I think I've never seen one of his movies but after seeing this cheap excuse for a movie called "Seed" (which is the name of a typical movie this movie is about) I'm about to join and a hate club. This film is not quite good ... the plot is a dragon and although Boll tries to get attention and people who are charged 90% of this movie is just a kiss. You can watch this movie like: <br /> <br /> 1. The beaten killer looks at the parts of the animals being tortured on TV. This is a real picture of life from the pelt farms and the movie opens up because of the reason for "reporting on humanity" and providing a Peta address. Since this film has no message and it is the worst piece of torture of porn-violence you already have a reason to hate the movie from the beginning. <br /> <br /> 2. Death and electrocution and an excuse that gives what happens next to this film published on the screen so that each retard gets. <br /> <br /> 3. Cops watch video of animals, children and hungry women die and impaired in the lowest seeds, have a stupid blows and right in their whiskey because the seeds are so bad. Although acting is the same movie takes dive every time it tries to incorporate any feeling ... <br /> <br /> 4. Cops break the seeds into his house, act with ignorance and burst in the dark. This sequence reminds me of a video game, does not see anything except flashlights items. The seeds are a super killer which is anywhere once and all the fighters are doing enough ignorance to be killed ... except for someone who dismisses them. The seed gets a chair and we see its electrocution as long as everything else in this "movie" ... will not die and we remember the opening words that must be free if it lives 3 jolts. Guess what ... just bury alive to solve the problem. The seeds come out of his grave, kills everyone away from the other parts of the beat and then searches for the main soldier to take revenge. The woman gets her head with a hammer in an endless chain from one view only to a fun and awesome value. The seed grabs the family of the fighters, attracts him to his home, threatens to kill his wife and daughter. After killing his wife with a nail nail, the policeman finds himself in the head examining what the Seed wants (it is difficult to enter the leader because he is not wearing his mask even in prison but also says the word ... movie has very difficult conversation so don't worry. Boll goes to the end of the maternity hold where the Seed opens the daughter whose father died to decay as the people we saw on the video in the sequence 3. This is ... no message, no plot, no reason, no face behind the mask, no history except the stupid story that the Seed was burnt as a child. <br /> <br /> This game depends only on a few important scenes and their awesome value. I find it hard to remember this no-feeling film or message or entertainment. Its like looking at August Underground ... that's fine with me, some people will enjoy this futile brain. But it is very difficult to stand on it is a pseudo message at the beginning and the fact that the movie is well done based on camera-work, effects and even acting is very good for this waste of celluloid. So Boll gets money to make these "movies" when thousands of talented directors are working on budget declines? "Seed" is not just the essence of deception, its evidence that the free market is soft ... fortunate that the German payer pays for a lot of waste to get the data.
