The "National Treasury" (2004) is a completely inputs inputs of the inputs that are borrowed from almost every column and gold for the purpose of the plot that has ever been written. Nicholas Cage film stars like Benjamin Franklin Gates (what value is that, I ask?); a common-looking colleague who, for any reason other than having an unfortunate unfortunate hunter, has decided to steal the 'national treasure' hidden by the US father who initiates. After a bit of subtext and background that laughs (without pretending) like Indiana Jones meets Patriot, the film faces a distorted one after another? try to reconstruct the "Stanley Goodspeed" of Nicholas Cage and launch the entire front and series octane series, but the absence of destruction. The importance and logic to have George Washington and his crew of his supporters to open the part of the king somewhere in the natural soil, and then, through the stop-to-be-left work in the art work of the coin The United States, it's something that director Jon Turteltaub has never ever explained. What? Washington could not get the best use for the same wealth at the start of the country? Therefore, we are left with a secret built on efforts that are already full of land when Ben commits himself to be the new manager of this unknown wealth. Ben's motive is characterized? as confused. He has set up a treasure. For whom and when. I think your is as good as mine. But there are few problems with Ben's club. First, his friend, Ian Holmes (Sean Bean) decides that he cannot wait Ben to make his mind on stealing the Declaration of Independence from the National Text (oh, yeah ?? a very good idea!). Possibly, behind this famous document you have a secret answer to the last fortune. So Ian tries to kill Ben. The assassination attempt is, of course, unsuccessful, if it is written more. Also give Ben an opportunity to take, and take, a very happy contractor, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). Think Ben is a nut? at least at the beginning. But in fact the form of action / romance, Abby's resolution slows down more than you can say, "What is the Diamond of Hope?" The film goes to the full X-File-ish system, like the FBI, falsely believing that Ben is behind theft, retaliation in various ways of trust that lead to the implementation of various missions of Mission Impossible meets the Client. In fact, do these boys not get the 'correct' information? In the final analysis, "National Treasury" is not a major film exhibition, even if it patchwork rehash of exhausting old bits from other movies, woven together from the hammer, likes that can make IL 'Betsy Ross blush. The Buena Vista DVD offers more hospitality than this suitable film. The photo of the namorphic art shows a very beautiful and very beautiful picture with many colors, body tones, black and white. Stylized photos are also free of restrictions and digital enhancements. Sound is 5.1 and offers good voice sounds to your side and back speakers to standard and authenticity. Other features include a promotional army that is deep and more on its description of how and why this film was made. If only, as the audience, we have had more clarity about why Ben and co. they were following after a strange treasure, this could be a good flick. Other features conclude with the trailer of the presentations, audio views and deleted events. Not in a desperate heart? just thick-dominated.
