I watched this film last night on one of the pay-to-see routes, and when I watched it I wondered quickly why I failed. With all my trust I had expected something more from this film. Maybe something along the lines of 'conspiracy theory'. Why? Maybe because of the throw. I mean, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel, after all. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I wonder, why did they bother? But instead of a secret secret secret I had been taken on the pastiche of the pain in 'The Goonies', which in my great surprise seemed to have found the most important attributes. Maybe it's because 'Goonies' was directed to young and young audiences. When the 'National Treasury', judging from the preview, was keen to appeal to the entire audience. The suspension of unbelief is one thing. That's how a person can enjoy sci-fi and fear. But I found myself to resist the designs made for the design and bond of the plot made to the audience. O, the screens of the screens ran around the jargon so that they wanted to erase the fantastic feelings. "Wow! Masons. Templars Knights .. You know, this can actually be true!" I think the author really lost me when Gates said the Founder of the Founder hid the treasures to put it out of the hands of the UK! And only had the Templar Knights from? New Jersey? Oh, forget me. From France! Which goes for a long time to describe how it ended in Philadelphia during the Revolution. It brought there with Napoleon agents! Otherwise, you see what I get. The premise of the movie is interesting. And I really think it would succeed as a wonderful mysterious game. But it just comes out like another child who is wearing a whole dress. Finally I think it asks the audience not only to stop faith but to commit itself to ignorance for the horrible contempt. I have come to complete several items with Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. It is a switch to switch from beautiful dining to Mac Mac Mac and fries. OK /> <br /> Okay, okay. If you like about expulsion, explosion, and 'gee-whiz' tries to enjoy 'National Treasury'. But it's a kind of film, well, have you ever stood out of the movies you're waiting to enter when the original audience comes from? And all the young children talk with joy and say such words, "Wow! Have you seen how this thing has broken out?" That was very cool! "'National Treasury' is a kind of movie.
