Nick Cage is Gates, treasure hunter (oh, forgive me ... treasure "guardian", whatever it means) who comes from a long line of treasure hunters. One of his fathers had been given a sign of where the great treasure that our Father founder, as many as not the Freemasons, decided to hide because they did not want to independently all their independence. The first impression seems to be in a long lost ship in Arctic. Gates and its staff, with Ian sponsor (Sean Bean), Modern Dork Riley (Justin Bartha of "Gigli" of immortality) and a couple of unsupported lackeys, import shipping of shipping. Once it provides tons of guns every floor, not that this is necessary in any way. Finally they get a clue (skeleton around it) and turns into a pipe and writes ... on it. Type. Ask me to tell me. It is a paradox, and in spite of the fact that his journey is understandable by not looking for a real treasure, Gates surrounds with the meaning of the paradox, in this problem of stored cargo, while workers are standing near the slack-jawed. I mean, come. One should be a little song in despair to come all the way towards Arctic real estate and get anything interesting, but they stand there as Gates enters into his own world, solving the riddle. The next tip is on the Freedom Declaration. Ian decides to steal. Gates is wondering. The various characters provide clear displays (use them). All this leads to the Ian lackey connecting guns to the Gates, and the gun goes into a huge explosion. (Oh, that's why they pulled all the guns! Huh!) Ian and his surviving people, and Gates and Dork Riley Modern walk nine miles at low temperatures to the village of Inuit to stop them. <br /> </ By restraining them, Gates concludes after trying FBI and Super Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger), Gates and Riley should steal themselves. Riley tells Gates for a good detail why they can't steal Resolution, because it is safe with a combination of metal and laser with high tech security blah blah. Gates then tells Riley that there is an opportunity to steal from the storage room. Does Riley know what the storage room is, Gates asks? "Are you where they do jams and jellies?" I don't know; that's the real line. Bartha does not give a joke, either. So Riley does all this research about the Library of Congress and Archives with water and sewage, fercryinoutloud, but does not know what the storage room is. This is a large amount that shows the level of this script has continued. <br /> <br /> To make the rest of this short, Gates actually makes off with D's I, for the breakdown of ignorance that can only happen in the movie. (I also hate how they show computer tracking technology in movies - full of incomplete and incomplete graphics and fonts.) Abigail Chase ends tagging for ease, and as definitely "love interest" angle. At one time, three of them, during flight from the law, discuss all their plans with a loud voice in a clothing store, surrounded by people. The series of clues and kidnapping of Gates's father, played by Jon Voight dyspeptic, leads good guys and bad guys like Indiana Jones's fun-house is located under New York City. No wonder the builders of the subway did not find this thing. Gates and Gates Chief Assistant Ian off on the expelled pig. Ian believes they are locked up in the chum-de-sac and leave them there. However, after leaving, Riley asks how they will go. Gates ... <br /> <br /> ... oh boy ... <br /> <br /> ... locks the button and the door opens. No, I am bad. Buttons, if they can be a lavatory vacu-flush in the office building. The good thing he knew where it was. Anyway, after a more walk, it gets a very big reserve (remember, this is all under Manhattan!) Full of all kinds of golden elements of history. Riley gets to give a true stupid line. Again. And the FBI officer Harvey Keitel forgives, seizes Sean Bean, and allows two chemistry-downs to get married. <br /> <br /> For any viewer, I think it will be hard to ignore all the exhibitions, a great amount of logic, and characters that are not available for too long. Although some of its presentations include good lessons of history that have been included in the time dialogue. I would like more conversations like that in my life.
