John Carpenter's work is up as this sad excuse for the movie is any sign. His forgiveness is that he only produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and two girls of the Vampire, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover are probably all interested in the dress. In short, it was difficult to tell who was hitting the way of anorexic type. Bon Jovi has more charisma. At least she looks happy while shouting. Vampire Girls on the other hand are the walls and complaints. When one of them is about to give you a rain kiss, but stand up. It is amazing how every Vampire movie has a certain set of exercises for relevant vampires. At one time, Arly Jover presents a problem with a dumb Vampire Hunter and then seeks his blood to perform a sexual act. It would have been enough time that it was photographed as a general scope, and the male actress was very interested in looking at Arly Jover moving his head to imitate something that was not happening. Until the year is involved, a few heads are dropped, and blood is very high. These parks have little doubt or build-up that when it happens is almost funny, with no "horror" paid from the location. All you find as a member of the audience is the feeling of "Wow, it certainly had a lot of red colors on the walls. I wonder who should sanctify it." In the same movie, the Vampire Hunter who are trying to kill Arly Jover (the world's highest vampire)? Continue to reach him. At one time, Bon Jovi enters the church left behind after the beating with an arrow (and he has done it sometimes), he says, "I don't try to hurt you. I want to talk to you. They want to know you." Of course, Arly vampire dumb comes out to tell hello and Bon Jovi and again with another intervention device. "Why can't we be friends" the 1970s hit song by WAR should be a theme of this theme for this movie. In addition to the other secret times, there is a series of transfusion when Natasha Wagner has all the blood Vampire removed, and the people of the whole city walk to donate blood for its transfer. I think the Blood Type is not important? However, all his Vampire Blood has been removed. Bon Jovi then decides that if the blood is inserted into it, he can beat Arly for being a vampire too. Of course, if the blood of a vampire is inserted into it, there is no healthy blood removed. So it seems Bon Jovi turns around with blood twice as anyone can have his body. And like the first VAMPIRES, this also has chairs-in-flames special effects.
