There is nothing worse than hiring an Asian movie and getting a movie of the American movie instead. <br /> <br /> It is only my opinion, but good pleasure depends on the establishment of characters, intelligent. With regard to eligibility involved, participants in Say Ndio are the only married couple. It's done. Unfortunately, they are more ignorant than faith. Let's count the ways that they use the chemotherapy and stalker. After a hitchhiker threatens to kill you, make sure you tell the hotel where you stay while giving away. Beat the Hell out of the stalker in the afternoon and in front of several witnesses, thus allowing him to push the assault charges. Don't worry to tell the police about stalker and just think (because there is no good reason) that the fighters had been bribed by him. <br /> <br /> 4. When trying to escape, then your woman might get in your eyes as much as possible to make sure that the stalker tricks her. When you get help from someone to get a stalker after you catch your wife, make sure you take them as soon as possible so that you can meet him with each other. There is no point to being right, right? Now, I could never expect that anyone would be able to make a number of mistakes under these stressful circumstances, but the characters in Say Yes are too many and make many erroneous mistakes that are impossible to do effectively. for the viewer to consider their safety, since they are victims of doing their own. This kills the fun of the entire film. If you were wondering, these authors did not stop with a few characters. Since they themselves are actually reduced by writing this, they decided to make the most improbable that every sense of truth comes from the window. Sticker kills soldiers inside the police station? while the protagonist is not more than ten feet. Stalker is involved in all the amazing activities in the day and around tons of people, but no one except marriage seems to see her unusual behavior. The stalker is experiencing an amazing amount of violence that can kill anyone. <br /> <br /> 4. Events of "doubts" did not have any ideas. In fact, some of the events were directly from American movies. Just fine is the decline of the closest to the end, which was the most brutal area since it was hit by the wife. It is very bad filmmakers have followed it away from the end of the stupid who comes from the left field. In fact, Koreans behind making Science should be ashamed of themselves. Better yet, they should only move to California and take jobs with people who make movies and indifference alike for quality and intelligence.
