Living Life is placed in an unknown Chinese / Japanese district as a friend of five American friends, Sarah (Ashley Schappert), Emily (Taayla Markell), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) and Darren (Rob Scattergood) enjoy the night on city & take in sights. After the escape from the bar and the Japanese boss Triad (Stephen Chang) decided to explore the movie shows, as you wish. In them they are separated and quickly know that the place is for the master of the Triad who uses torture and kill people for reasons that are not obvious. Will the village boy (Kevan Ohtsji) save you? This Canadian production was written, produced and controlled by Ryan Nicholson who also gets the effects of the destruction of the creation as well, one can say that Live Feeding is another low-down budget on the horror of a kind The camcorder which appears to exist only for money in the success & success of the Hostel (2005) and the lust for the 'tortured porn' as is known. According to the 'Trivia' of IMDb's Live Feed and director Nicholson wrote after hearing about some of the events taking place on sex movies, for my money I think he wrote after watching Hostel! The script is very poor, there is no basic reason for this because the porno has a lot of fat from the self-injury and killing people, no. Was for Triads? Was it his pleasure? Was it to make films to sell? Some kind of definition would be good. Also why it turned out on the boss of the last Triad? If you are looking for a film and a suitable story then forget about Live Feed. It seemed to me that some kind of bad mix of sex, S & M, fear, torture, gore & films that didn't come. I just mean to put a film of fear in the movie theater is not directly will make your film good, still need to be a good script and story, right? These behaviors had been very bad and some of their actions and incentives were more than a little questioned. It goes fast with efficiency, it is the evil of mixing the year, sex and deception but it doesn't look for cheap that reduces the effect. <br /> Nicholson director does not do anything special here, editing is choppy & angry, seems to think about the lights around each location and neon lights are a good idea & film looks cheap on it. Available in two 'R' & 'Unrated' versions I saw a short version of 'R' which is not true but I'm willing to offer the benefit of the 'Unrated' version and say that it can be very, very gorier but I can't say for sure . There is also a degree of deception as well as that is yours. I can't say there is a lot of air or dirt here because there is no & it is not flowing though it has a bad voice in general which is something that goes to that I think. Living Life is not very surprising, the blood looks very small, and all the phenomena have broken into neon bitter lights sometimes sometimes hard to tell what is happening, often it looks like handwriting - held camcorder & choppy editing at least 'R' rated it was once a aggressive aggression. Place a location on the cinema scene somewhere in Vancouver in Canada. Acting is poor, sometimes I can't tell if the participants in this were supposed to be crying or laughing ... <br /> <br /> Live Feed is not a movie I would recommend anyone to run and buy or buy or rent, I don't think too much of the story A clear and uncertain and uncertain point in the world, the worst and under the most interesting year (at least in the 'R' rated cut). Look at the Hostel film again or instead if they are better.
