First, the actress plays Jesus has blue eyes ... half actors playing Jewish have blue eyes. What? Do not have enough color colored oranges out there? Jesus is shown as the blue eyes are one of my pet peeves. He was a full-blooded Jew! Secondly, what are the old English movies that should be done in non-English countries, and everyone has English sounds? (Another example is David Lean's "Dr Zhivago".) Are there no executives of Jews or actors who can make the accent of Israel? Movie is often not true for Scripture, and so it seems to have the legitimacy of Jesus' claims to be the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus was baptized by John, a voice came from heaven saying, "This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the movies, John the Baptist says this! The screenwriter appears to try to show believers as mad, too. For example, in the Bible, the angel Gabriel told Mary that she would become pregnant by the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the movies, we do not see or hear any angel - Mary seems to speak to the moonbeam, and when Mary's mother hears her speak to a person to look at him, does not hear or see anyone either. Also, in the film, when Jesus was speaking to the Pharisees in the Temple in Jerusalem, he says, "You don't see here again, until you cry out, 'Blessed is the man who comes in the name of the Lord', for my father and I are equal." Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35 are "You shall not see again until you say, 'Blessed is the man who comes in the name of the Lord.' Jesus never claimed to be God. The movie reduces many important parts (the Sermon on the Mount is very expurgated), but then spend a lot of time on things that are not even in the Bible (the whole area with Mary Magdalene talking to John). It looks like the screens of the screens, instead of wanting to make a version of the script, he wanted to make a film about what he thinks might have happened really back (and middle) of events. The movie has one building though - during the place where Jesus describes the parable of the prodigal Son, in Matthew the tax collector's house, I had tears around my face. It is the most beautiful movie I have seen about Jesus' ministry (but not much, because some are terrible). "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my famous movie on Jesus 'last days ("The Passion of Christ" is a very high way), though I would like "Jesus of Nazareth", rather than just dying with Jesus' death, he continues to show the resurrection .
