... although for a film that seems to try to pretend to be a panic, there was a different blood. <br /> <br /> There was a different lack of leadership skills, acting, editing, and writing script. <br /> <br /> Jeremy London put one of the most awesome exhibitions that I have ever seen - "its nature in the maelström" of madness is achingly self-conscious and clumsy. Oh! Look at her! Look at the strong drink! Oh look she add her face, and cock her head in jaunty angle! Oh look at his unbroken, dark hair! Listen to his affected voice! Must be an artist / author / attentive! Oh, yes, comes the shirt of poetry - it's another boy who thinks he is Byron. (Or Poe.) Oh for the love of ... Do you? Someone gave the man a guide to "How to Do Good Work" or did they drive him out of a box of boxes somewhere, a small plastic prize that has discontinued the bargain-bin grain. Well, that was a stupid line - but that's just because London's work has broken my brain and its evil. Katherine Heigl is a good, and very briar has grown, but it still does not grow in her shoes to make this film - gave her line if she was considering, in fact, all of her work was very timber, she seemed hard as her lines - who knows, probably was only responding, and trying to get rid of, Jeremy London extra, but if that's the case, he takes it too far. It looks like Arie Verveen as Poe - when the role of her behavior is confused, provides the best performance of the piece. He, it is very simple, looks similar, but it is more than that - he has some kind of depth, I believed he had more life than the negative quality of two pieces of characters. Huh, maybe it's because I love Poe, and so can only allow my mind to walk and invent when he was on the screen - whatever, he had interest factor otherwise missing. The other characters are blur - there is no ordinary caricatures: a special friend with a beautiful color who is a little floozy; a local fighter who is a small dork; an older immune man who may have so much interest in a father in our heroine; The old witch, etc., etc., yawn, yawn. As with 'lack of blood transfusions' for the movie's horrible movie', there is no theme that you mention (and that the character of London says - so by fighting - in his typing attack on Poe) is followed through the top. As another consultant said - there is a possibility here: killings, gloves, gymnastics, - the really terrible things, but instead of running away from issues, and cutting and violence (a broken glass spinning through the air - shut into victims - then --- This is good in the traditional fear of Noirish, in fact, is expected, and is received with love when it happens - it is a dear agreement, especially when accompanied by fake electrical strokes and the eyes of Siouxie sharp edge - but in 'Departure' comes only as a surprise, or if the editor has found the player for the last minute and cut it.) This might have been a great psychological fun - fear of palingenesis / deception / madness - or simple (and fun) film film: tries be both, or not (something new and exciting!), but any way fails to fail. The only fear of this movie is the epic wind. I think the editor (if there is anyone) should have been drinking when he has finished this thing - there is awkwardly foreshortened events; The events that appeared to be outward (but that could be just a poor script). So the director and cinema movies - there were some wonderful shots and framing that I think they meant to have Hitchcock or Browning, but just end up looking silly (again, good in noir, but this was trying to be something else.) The whole thing may perhaps be surprising (in that way the old critics are mentioned - "OMG what has been done?") If I had some trash - somehow unfortunately for me I was standing in bed, with low lights, and The intention to describe the fun - this is a very bad film, and I'm afraid I can't recommend it to people, even to laugh. Please, please, do not waste your time or money on this - or borrow a real scary / exciting film, or get a copy of the Poe's favorite stories, or the way, I'll have a fun and awesome night than you can expect to achieve this garbage.
