Modern Movie 3 is not surprising as its predecessors but still has a wonderful time. It all starts when the journalist runs Cindy Campbell sets out to find a hard story in the middle of television buttons. He recently clarifies the horrific shock of world events including alien invaders, videotapes of murder, crop crop circles and much more. Faced with large numbers of conspiracy, and the workers of the most mysterious people around him, Cindy must fight against the evil by taking over the world. The plan is not a question here if the first two were under a little plot. At this time they consider the Signs, Ring, Matrix Reloaded and 8 miles along with many others just not as previously mentioned. The first was {imo} one of the funniest films I saw. The second was not good but still very strange. The third is very enjoyable but there is nothing special. Let's just say that I didn't want to see it right away but maybe I don't want to see it again. Jokes are either hit or miss and those who are funny usually involve Charlie Sheen. Disabled people often involve Anthony Anderson as he gets so much. Why he keeps getting an unknown throw because he is not funny. Anna Faris gives good performance and she is also kind of underrated. Simon Rex shows the possibility if he really was not so bad. Regina Hall also returns as Brenda and gives a very good performance. Some of the cast were pretty much group of cameos. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably had a funniest area out of all the forces. They in the opening chain cause the Ring and the area turns out to be more fun in the film. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others have also come. David Zucker leads and when this is not another aircraft, it is not another daughter of my Lord. Its useless to analyze the comedy directly as the main thing that people want to know if its funny or not. As I said earlier if you like it, maybe she doesn't like it very much. At the end, I had a little bit of a PG-13 rating rating but could still be interested. Testing 6.3 / 10
