For the first time I was disappointed by Sun-Woo Jang director because I had heard that he had deceived me. Jang was able to create a powerful, highly emotional film about sex and its effects on people, but instead he chose to focus on his power on the image of sex more than the actual human element. I could not see the first characters and its improper introduction that incorporated reality and movies together was the best amateurish? The film remained in my mind for a day after watching it. What was with me is not a story, not the characters, not the visual image of the film, but the changes that Jang highlighted between Y and J. If you watch this film carefully, you will see that they all begin in the investigation phase of their relationship, and The desire to fly on an unknown, but not quite sure the next step. As they continue to meet, exploring new ways of pleasure, they continue to fly between the oppressors and the oppressed. Jang initially explores the idea that J is able to control the situation, then hauntingly, changes are made when J is considered by Y. It is a very small change, and because of the content of this film, it can easily be missed, but there is. It becomes clear next to the end where J cannot live with Y, as their meetings are constantly decreasing, and J tries to be part of a normal society. This was an exciting and exciting feature for this film to see right in front of your eyes, but not, it's the only feature of this suitable film to watch. I will ignore those who say this film if it is not more self-degrading, because there is humanity on the basis of this film, as it has, as it is. It is a film about the feature of our lives that are rarely found in movies or talking on paper. What happens behind closed doors never known? or so we should believe. When the act itself happens frequently after a little, the Jang director tries to change a little with changing settings every time. Our characters always migrate from hotel room to hotel room to quench their thirst for each other's body. This is fun for the first time, but again, how to repeat Jang seems to make it feel more exciting than exciting. This leads me to a great problem with this film. Jang had a good story with Gojitmal, but where he failed (out of a clear choice to focus on the opposite sex) is that he took the scenes, repeating them repeatedly, without changing our presence to allow us to get to know the characters. Where was Jang and this movie? Did you want sex to tell the story, or believed that the characters could? He failed in this sense because at the end of the film we know little about Y and J that we can take care of how they solve themselves. The latter is very close when Jang is trying to make a final resolution for our two, very unknown, of this film. I should give Jang credit to try, but not much. He tried to create some stories that could create a private element that we didn't, but they couldn't mix well. J and J's wife were symbols of conspiracy, but again, due to the very focus of the sexual aspect, these small stories of power were unimportant and low. Maybe it was how I saw this film, but outside of sex events, nothing else worked together. We did not know anything about J and Y and that's why Gojitmal failed. Finally, I would like to say that this film would benefit from having a powerful logo or a musical instrument for a local music by bringing us, viewers, close to J and Y. From what I can remember , and I try to push this film away from my mind, I don't remember under music. Gojitmal can be a powerful film if Jang either put it to music or do something to describe our creation. Although I understand that he wanted sex to talk about itself, there was a technical element that was lost from this film that could lose much more desire. Technically, this was a bad film. It is an independent film in nature, it seemed as more as the Jang director was trying to make model records without something rather than your self-independent nature. I did not see the social message or the humanitarian aspect as described above, I felt just like he had this film together for two weeks and understood that sex could sell enough. This was not the production of Larry Clark; this was small and actually needed more technical clicks to develop it stronger than the final release! Overall, I think I would like this film and there were small features that I enjoyed, but I felt this film ran, repeating again, and playing on the buttons instead of breaking. Clear films of this film can be seen by the last film of this film as we read how the title of this film was made. Our characters were unknown, our story was not developed, and we could use something memorable to do what happens between Y and J in something more than sex. For me, Jang was trying very hard to capture the gallery facing pornography? and failed too much. This was not a suitable film time and effort that it took to do. <br /> <br /> Bridge: ** out of *****
