This film is a common mix of music, romance, game and crime by photography-black film. It is basically one of the different types of music, which no one works as required. <br /> <br /> This game is an attempt by Mickey Rooney to be considered worse as an actor. She is a former star of children who always used stars in fun and music practice at the beginning of her career. In this film it takes a different approach (although music features are still in the film). But his role is really laughable within the movie. I mean Mickey Rooney as a hard player? He is a very young looking man. In fact he was 30 years old at the time of this movie but he looked very much like a 16-year-old. He says he says children to women and hear the hard talking of tornado groups who are almost 3 times greater than he just doesn't look and feel right. He is not only to lobby in his role. Because the movie combines many kinds of music, the story also feels it is bad. The place where the bats are in a crime plot and somewhere is a romantic line with one on your dream life but there is not one of that work in fact because of bad techniques and care of all. It's not just an interesting or compelling movie to watch. László Kardos is also the director who has made only 10 movies during his life, despite the fact that his work started in 1935 to 1957. He must be a hard-working director who had a hard time working in the industry and instead once in a given time A small script to work with. All of his films are unknown and usually not the highest quality. Let's remember that this is '50 movies but still feels like' 40 or one or one like '30'. This is especially true due to the fact that this film was shot black and white. Usually white & white movies from '50 'often feel the cheapest of it and these types of films are not available. It is a very strange sight to see Mickey Rooney and Louis Armstrong and his band as they themselves do together in a sequence. It was not just a video of Armstrong that happened and he would often climb into these types of movies, often like himself. I think jazz lovers can still enjoy watching this film because of its music, since there is enough to this film. Modern actually received the Oscar selection for the best original song. <br /> <br /> A little movie movie and transfer from Mickey Rooney. <br /> <br /> 4/10
