VILLAGE OF OIL SPORTS <br /> <br /> This movie is considered as the first movie of Russian fear. Unfortunately, if I'm worried, "Witch" (his Russian title) will take a place of shame in the gallery of the terrible Russian movie. It depends on the story of Nikolai Gogol "Viy" which is classic in Russia. "Basic" is a key word here since no knowledge and story is needed. Instead, less to know about Gogol, it's better. It is a special production because we are used to the best of the directors to take stories from other cultures and change them to their own culture. American film filmmaker is a prime example, but again, the investigator turned out seven Samurai Seven Samurai in Seven Great results, and Kurosawa transferred Mackeseth Shakespeare in Japan to make the Throne of Power, and when King Lear became Riveting Ran. However, with the "Witch," we have the Russians ranging to an old Russian story on the soil of America. The movie was hit in Estonia for English with the aim of opening it in English using US actors and having to move the synchronous oral movements. As a natural result, the disappearance is a colorful colored color for the story, comes a small US shop that appears to be raised from the manual of the previous horror book. Gone is a boozy workshop of Khoma Brutus, instead of we have a boozy journalist who is almost winning Pullitzer Award, and who at the same time writes about the X-Files events and Miss Boobs. (I have never thought of the Pullitzer prize for this kind of writing, now I stand up to stand.) For the brutal cruelty to the Russian, journalist Ivan Berkhoff. They should call him John Smith because it is impossible to get more hackneyed, clichéd and generic than this movie. Berkhoff goes to a town called Castleville, gets along a dirt road, walks to a damaged house and instead is not welcomed by an old rope. All along with the radio announcement about the power of evil being in their power, and better people stay in and avoid water. Do I need to mention that the rain is very hard? After a few tragic events that announced me, the story finds our writer dressed as a priest, mistaken for the priest, and the sheriff of the area tells his daughter who died after a brutal assault wanted a new priest to pray for him on the third night. At this point, the required action begins. Those who have time to kill are welcome. What is wrong with this film? Everything, starting with dialogue and drop in the promotion department. The discussions I heard in Russian were originally written in English, and were designed only from the clichés and selected baskets from American films. Workers worked very hard with English because the time of their speech was done and not ordinary, and the Russian dubbing took a suit. Acting is very bad, and not just because the executives find it difficult to talk but because they don't have anything that comes near many different facets. For the most part, they are just empty or wish they were. Apart from being a sherifi played by Lembit Ulfsak, ​​a beautiful Estonian actor, and Arnis Lizitis who has a wheelchair residing in Castleville. Oh, and crow of course who is quite natural on the camera! I know actors complain that they have been raised by dogs and cats but while Nikolaev faces a cock is a sad testimony to the overall quality of acting in the film. There was no one terrible time in the whole film, and he did not have one time earlier in the film either. Remember, these comments come from someone who is not knowledgeable and afraid. The movie is filled with the usual stages used in a terrible movie since the beginning of the beginning. In difficult times, the camera stays in love with oil lamps. Light goes out. You must have seen some terrible movies, too. Example of the great idiocy comes sometimes, the character jumps from the bathroom and runs the camera. She is wearing something that looks like losing! Does not get more idiotic than this! Those in Russia liked that they should be adopted as a mystical thriller. I'm not happy either. It was used-to-mill from the beginning to the end. I was so happy that the whole population of the small town did as they knew exactly lived in a horrible movie, unless they were not sure whether it had a zombies or not. So, some of them did a zombie-like just like. The filmmakers say it is about getting faith. Such a beautiful collection of idiotic acts, during the foolishness, and, yes, clichés, should not be about to gain faith. The movie is so completely and fake quite worthy to be just the exhibition in net statistics statistics.
