What is here? Let me tell you. It is the presence of (Alec Baldwin). He is not a good actor but maybe a good star and some good movies that are not one of them. He did nothing here than anything he did before or after. So I have never come (literally!) The question (Steve McQueen) has one role in nature because I don't want to make a comparison to the first place. I'm not a big fan or even a fan (Kim Basinger), he got many bad films on him and even at his best looks average! And they get the courage whenever they talk about their rare beauty! Yes, if the blond would make anyone attractive then I eat my color yellow as soon as possible! And what is all the evil on the cargo of miss Basinger ?? !! Is it really hate or hate evil? If I don't see them all if not only, but also UGLY! And if you hate it and hit me down but you know what? I've been watching this film so I have already died! However, what made it possible for you to suffer in an indirect way is that nothing of credit goes to the most eligible? And of course I mean (Jennifer Tilly). Now we are talking about a little really interesting and incredible body and surprised by one unique sense of innovation as a bad brunette (Marilyn Monroe) however much more health! (I can't help, it was the only thing that was chosen here!). (Michael Madsen) as a bad person was very interesting and also better than the good boys, (James Woods) here to summarize the earlier events near the pond (so the trailer will be in his voice later!) And knew before all this is Hollywood things are all "Make your own, get your money, and good luck as an actor in other movies!", the editorial gave them a great movie with a brutal act made and deserved to show movies, so its main products (Step, Joy, ..) are here and well done, although there is any sense of meaning (kind of betrayal) as the main motif of the whole thing is not too strong to wait. Okay, it's all other modifications without anything special (Except for Spicy Jennifer Tilly!) So I think I tried to have a goal as I could end my opinion saying that (Basinger) or anyone here did better than this movie. it's hate because it really. Anything is better than this movie!
