I have not seen this film for many years but I thought I would like to comment on it, because because the careful refusal is given in my memory cells. The original GETAWAY had no prize to start with at least had a difference that 1) Sam Peckinpah's movie, 2) The events of Steve McQueen, Ben Johnson, and Slim Pickens, 3) It was a non-painful way to beat an hour and a half time. In comparison, the 1994 edition comes a bit less than a piece of vanity with a red flame Alec Baldwin and his wife, Kim Basinger, who will abandon it. McQueen and his wife Allie McBride were also split shortly after the film was made and someone could make a picture of Baldwins on their marriage council saying about the stupid idea that was making this movie. Let's just say and say - Alec Baldwin never had anything close to the Cooler King, and one of the reasons this remake bothered me is to boast of Baldwin's assumption by challenging our Steve's memory. McQueen in the lead role. As someone else says, the Peckinpah's 1972 film was a piece of satire that meant making a sense of practical / adventure heist. By comparing Baldwin, Bassinger & the company seem to be trying to overcome the most serious problem, with Michael Woods and James Woods who are not self-reliant who come as real people. <br /> <br /> The movie also means spirited and varying at the basic level which is difficult to put words. One look was more than enough, not just because he had nothing new to offer but because of the effectiveness done. The Peckinpah Movie was really a little fun of delicate which had a sense of upbeat, where this version is a slog which takes very long to be much less or no. There is no articulation to be present and some of the worries are not worried that it makes it difficult to make the film. So I do not know, this may be one of the films that have been helped to establish a modern sophisticated modern modern wave, which comes next to the name of the actor / name of the name, which itself is not a matter of very realistic. I would always see the film manufacturer at least try to come up with a new idea of ​​the movie and fall flat with something original. This film has made me want to pull my fingers out, and reveals that more than 15 years after Mr. Baldwin's release is known as one of the biggest jerks in Hollywood. Thank God for the "American Team" to point it to its place. <br /> <br /> 3/10
