The famous film writer Freddie Francis (Glory, Elephant Man) leads this very horrible film / drama. 19th Century England has a different perspective on how this drug should be addressed than Dr. Thomas Rock, a law that says that only the bodies of hung criminals can learn and be tempted. But these bodies are small, and Rock needs more - and he loves them more. Being a mverick into his cycle, he begins to pay people to get bodies for him to learn and try. Sleazebags of despair Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom finds the wind of this opportunity to work and start killing people and selling these bodies to Rock. Typically, this kind of practice has far more serious consequences than doing the criminals of the criminals, and causes trouble for everyone. When the whole story seems exciting on the paper, almost everything about Doctor and Devils is very bad. After the first fifteen minutes of the film you started asking your question to sit down to watch the film. All view of the film is just bad. To see how the film is being held at the British headquarters during the 19th century, filmmakers were perhaps looking at "bad", but they did not do it in a pleasant way. Everything from the set up to the movie is just looking for cheap, weak, and disgusting. Also, almost everything that is filled with something that you cannot focus on, and this time is often related to a person (both in small and large roles) to do something that is visible or entirely expressive. Francis sure did not help his staff. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea play the lost friends of the film, Fallon and Broom respectively, and are very bombastic but very bad. Their characters in nature are mad, but Pryce and Rea eliminates deaths. They especially have trouble keeping the same attention from shooting up to bullets - Pryce mainly goes from Cockney to Ireland for Long John Silver for some kind of lagoon creature and so on and so on. It is also excited to scream to see Twiggy in this film all the time, exclusively to indulge in the street demand, because it can not act to save her life (although her song during the last credit is not surprising). The boy he certainly came a long way: from the "power of flowers" and "I will remove the shipping clothes to the shill!" "As bad as those three actors are in this film, Julian Sands takes home awards for the worst performance of the film. She is like the blind if she gets, giving one attempt to shout another after another expressing anger, love There is only one good thing about Doctor and Devils: the performance of Timothy Dalton's Dr Rock. In spite of being surrounded by films, Dalton is very good; The most powerful and well-organized. The worst of all films could not be as good as Mr. Dalton ....
