Drawing Drawing 9. Say: Matthew Barney. How do you know when you are in the middle of an art gallery? What? Is there only 8 lines of discussion in 140 minutes of film? Is it when Bjork is wearing what looks like a great furry on her head in pseudo-Asian worship? Perhaps when the muscles of the mammasi and the spinal cord are used in the whale's whale attempt. Or, when you are ready to kill the composer for making a small version, and yet to offend Philip's symbol? In any case, Drawing Objects 9 is among the most concerned of modern art movies. For 135 minutes, it adds its deception to being boring to boot. I would like to make a phone call for the use of amazing colors, and the opening sequence is interesting, but the rest of the film seemed to have been done on the Channel Identification document. That's until it looks like they were trying to open their P-ss Christ film, but that would come later. In fact, parts of the esquire-document were the best part. The face of the face is on a whaling ship, and then there is a ritual about making whale oil. Then, there are visitors in the form of Bjork and Matthew Barney who are invited to the ship by being placed in a humiliating ritual that includes shaving the head (thinking of young boys), nicotine patches, and large wild hat. Then there is a joint transfer, destruction, and can not forget the great turd. <br /> <br /> Matthew Barney has written that this is about "the relationship between personal resistance and creativity." That's almost saying, "If you don't, then you can't make innovations in your definition, so get up because I am an artist." Oh, wait, that's the POST-modern translation of that judgment and what the film would like if it was a POST-modern. But, it is thought to be modern art. Which is about art itself. So, let's start this full translation, do you? The following verses are just 3/4 and should not be considered as any attempt to translate the film. The first half of anxiety is concerned with the type of pearl and the construction of a highway. Obviously, the road is an example of the need for self-reliance on whatever level you prefer, and pearls are looking for a pearl of wisdom. Then, on a whaling ship, it builds a string which looks like it is in the unusual shape of the whale. It is definitely the worst feature of the shadow. <br /> <br /> In the ship, it makes whale oil into the shape of the whale, and takes part of the fins. They place this position with a spine column and a great turd future. These should be the movie states itself. When its oil, its entertainment but bad to you. When it is a column of the spine, its "important" parts of the movie, or the spine to speak. Then, the big turd is the intestines of the movie, or when the movie ends. Bjork and Matthew Barney get on a different ship, put in a strange dress that has never been done OR ORGANIZED, one suspect lost money and Barney was trying to quit smoking. SO, they put patches on his head. They go to worship and learn about the ship from a wise Japanese man, who tells them that the ship has been destroyed from when the other ship will hit; accident or junction, if you want. This encourages Bjork and Barney, who are different out, start cutting their feet and eating so they can turn into whales and become one. They move around. Oh, I forgot to forget that this was done on Robbie Williams video? Then, pearls return to their lips full of pearls of knowledge that allow the collapse to make a sketch of Venn. Barney did it through the grade 8th geometry, clearly. Or, perhaps at least some social studies. Oh, and I forgot the Bjork's hearing-me-to-kill logo? Sometimes it's hypnotic, but for others you just want to kill him. The film is one thing, but when you lose all kinds of signals in the hope of getting people's answers, it becomes a crack. What is the line between being a joke to the art issue? Dali and Bunuel consistently made pieces of surreal useless but more and / or entertainment than this piece of rubbish. Un Chien Andalou had a prudent ringing as much as it could be less than half an hour. So, can I recommend this? It's just like you like a lot of high-quality ART movies and many logo and flat pictures. D +
