I can understand what Barney is trying to reach, but after staying through this last night at the college movie room, I couldn't help but think ... this time when it is over? Two hours and very good and fifteen minutes. I saw only a part of Cremaster 3 on the DVD and I think I knew what to expect. That said, experimental films like this are better reduced to smaller additions. There are a few / awesome pictures ... including a headline (without considering), but if you expect to expect any kind of plot or meaning, then you come for a long, long journey. I was able to stay awake for one thing (if thanks) but more often than, I waited a certain kind of meaning or story ... a big mistake. Among the collection of photographs is a very good celebration of gift gifts, the creation of a disgusting dish of what is seen as a gasoline and oil-extracted shrimp (this is used by the ship's crew shown in the film), a large shesecake of the shade head The mainstream was placed in the middle of it, and expelled by Bjork and director Matthew Barney which eventually reaches into a wonderful kind of cooperative, followed by their transformation into a whales. Sounds sound is a good and sad time ... sometimes even maddening. At the same time, there is a song made by Bjork to go with the ephemeral cult in front of us, and sometimes there is just a droning of the top tool, which we see a wonderful woman dancing at the beginning and end of the film. If this appears to be useless, that's because it's not! If this looks like your cup of tea, then you will love it completely! If this seems like something that might not like, then stay away from it, because you will be more likely to walk from the hall during a half-point marker than I have attended. This is a very definition of film art. You get from them you take from them. But otherwise, there is actually no more there, except a few miracles and traditions of construction and regular designs. I am glad to have a place for films such as, but I can't say I would like to sit back again. However, I can't say I didn't want to see one of Barney Cremaster movies from start to finish and compare it with this. I think, maybe now that I know what to expect I might enjoy something like this more. To give you an idea of ​​what kind of knowledge of this film, I would probably like to be better if I have found a stone. Then again, it would have felt twice as long as it was, and then it would have had quite ponderous. Certainly not for everyone.
