Winter It is a horrible, odd and very despair of the comedy of the comedy from the young director William Richert. When I watched the film, I felt like I was a king in the classic story of the new Emperor clothes. The film made me feel like a fool because I couldn't make a head or tail of a snake plot and nonsensical characters. But I felt embarrassed to admit to myself that the film was connecting my brain into knots. So I proceeded to the end, hoping that all the tangled mixes would cover. Then I realized… The film is managed to be a snake, meaningless and useless, because that's the point. This is a matter of concern in theories of conspiracy and intellectuals, and the integration of the plot used as an example of the merger, half-truths and lies that define any plot. Even when I found that the joke was on me, I still felt cold killing that very good movie. Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is a young brother of the US President who was killed in Philadelphia. Nick is missing when a dead man says that he struck the President and gives a detailed description of where he hid the gun. Nick follows the symptoms, but every step of the way people help him seem to die in a strange environment. Also, his father at Kegan (John Huston), a dirty and disgusting businessman, continues to interfere with Nick. In detail it emerges in the murder, Nick knows more that it came down on a false network affected by red bones, where nothing is seen and no one can be trusted. it is a bad dream to follow, and in many ways it is not advisable to follow the following reason that appears for the purpose itself. Release is full of mysterious talent but many of them are lost. Toshiro Mifune has one of the most concise and useless roles in the history of movies; Elizabeth Taylor appears unwelcome and does not have one line of conversation; Richard Boone has been given what seems to be an interesting role but his behavior goes anywhere. John Huston has the best role as a strong sister and gives us a short time of enjoyment with its acerbic delivery. Anthony Perkins also gets an exciting role and works well, although his screen time is too short to make perfect justice for character. Some cases of sexuality and sex are being beaten for non-verbal and, when they are quite clear and can appeal to voyeurs, they are true in other films. The semi-comic period of the film is ugly and horrible, however it is the opposite of memorable in its inferior way. There is definitely a cult view out somewhere on Summer Summer Summer .... but I can't count between its number.
