Spoiler below, but read on or you will not know the terrible fate that awaits all loss by borrowing "Rodentz". On the eve of the month, in the remote research laboratory, the high efficiency of treatment is about to have deadly results. The chemical compound that was created for "hunting and destroying" deadly cancer cells has left the system of waste damage in the building building. Now, mice involved in laboratory experiments on the apartment is not the only mouse in the center that will be a modified variety. Professor Schultz, a bio specialist researcher, has confirmed that the addition of the new enzyme now enables "to prepare and destroy" the long-term regeneration needed to eliminate the deadly cancer tumors. While three different combinations of new combinations are managed by three different rats and the rest are lower than the "Dangerous Tanga" crash, the decline of side effects causes the night of fear ..... right ..... <br /> < br>> By and large, this is probably the worst film that I have seen this year. Everything that mentions screams "Under the budget!", From the horrible act of special effects that are some of the worst I have ever seen. The characters are cliched morons and act in a stupid, predictable way: walking down the dark roads alone, looking for cats, walking and falling so "mice" can catch them, preparing themselves in a small room, etc / <br /> Some time The films are made cheap, this film takes a cake. Every possible way is cut, everything due to the early shots, publishing "Lab" hallways from different angles to appear to be great (That reminds me - why were just boys TWO doing in this great construction of freakin?!? !!?) , music and special effects that can be made on PC's children's workshop. It brings me to the worst form of this rain spoon - special effects. Just awesome. Mice produced by computers appear to be fake and appear in every area and even many film stars can see that they are produced by computers. With a great suit of mouse - OH MY GOD !!!!!!!! seriously, should we believe that the baby's beany is a monster? It is sad ........ On the best side, some of the looks looks very good, especially considering the budget. <br /> <br /> All actors exploit. no one was concerned about the productive or knowing what they did. I have lost enough time and inspection, just take my advice, it's garbage. 1/10. About DVD: Transfers are, the voice is passed and there is a commentary on the disk and the director and his two friends, who say they had nothing to do and make the film but were there to ask questions and comment. All three of the smallest of human beings are very strange to the stupid that they should be an institution before they can hurt themselves or others. I don't want to waste any time of good reader or mine, because I start to remember more than I want about this film .... DVD rating: 1/10.
