Nell Shipman should be paid a large amount of money to promote the road to Maxwell's road off the road. The movie program is very simple, Nell writes a writer who has a serious problem with the writer, and needs inspiration, so he is going to visit Mexico to intervene. There meets a hero (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who chooses to drive instead of a horse ride. When Nell visits with her father's boyfriend in her mining camp, a band of domestic robbers capture her and bring her camp into the desert. The hero needs to get closer to him, so he decides to drive it in his car. This is where the film takes a wonderful victory. Bert drives on all possible landscapes, large rocks, few streams, heavy brush, strags of the scraggly tree, inclines elevations, etc. etc., for the most part of the film we see to see this car striving to crawl the obstacles. Now beware, this is not a modern ATV, it's a Maxwell car of 1920, so it looks out of place as a remote car. And it is clear that there are some shortcomings of some land that meets, we see it immediately once in this film. But film authors made an attempt to show the obstacles and eventually pass all obstacles. Once the hero will find a secret camp and release the girl, jumps in the car with him and drives the robbers in the fire movement (on the horse), and this time it became very funny to me. Looking at this slow car around on big rocks, stuck in gravel and mountain brush, go ahead and back to get enough speed to pass on the feet of fallen feet, bandits should have a lot of time to catch. But they never have, though we should believe that this desert is running all night long. And at the top of the wind, the car climbs the mountain, and helps Nell and the hero to push a huge river down by the side of criminals to follow. After seeing this film you think the army should invest in the 1920s Maxwell because they are better than the road than Hummers and Bradley tanks together. Watch this film for laughing, it's just worth seeing Nell run up the car grill and say "You made your best, brave little car"
