This was reserved for fans as "winner takes all" the match occurred between different "companies" (the Wrestling World and the "Alliance": the integration of the former WCW and the superstars ECW. Because the final match to encourage the best company was a team match , the wrestler was closed to opponents on each side of the ring to another, every wrestler concludes that in order to resist their opponents and strengthen the match, the intervention is important. The story was disturbed by the quarrel of Vince that a member of Allance would be a wit and join WWF. It was clear, and in those words, that WWF would win. Overall: a very creative story but a poor performance, which is not a shortage of fighters because structure The match is a team team.The remaining game is to resist: <br /> <br /> Edge against T is: "great power" for Test, but this did not show real talent both stars are both: A beautiful but very unpleasant match for a pay-out view / br> The Village against William Regal: The worst night of the night <br /> <br /> The Violence of the Royal Violence: This was a very fun game, but because the two main companies of both companies were involved in the main event, just the wrestler whose character looked on "Temperature" and maybe WCW light-heavyweight reject (ie Hurricane). who is only employed as a pregnant woman): The best night night: Jeff Hardy was killed "Guns Swanton" from the summit and through the wooden table with Matt was bound into the castle, which seemed to be very painful. Because Stone Cold was a WWF champion, Rob Van Dam was a Hardcore Champion, and Kurt Angle was a "mole" in a coalition, all the basic stars in the main event in the "Alliance" group were given work after the match results, except for Booker T , who recently attacked the wrestler on the "Raw" and of course he will be given a job. Shane McMahon will return to the television somehow, and everyone wanted to witness the decline and lose "Union" to see the Stone Cold out of work. WWF has done better. The matches that all tiltes were brought to one group would have been better, and what ever became Casket and Iron Man match?
