When an attempt has been made to kill Emir of Ohtar, a Arab host visiting Washington, D.C., his life has been saved by a cocktail servant named Sunny Davis. Sunny becomes a national heroine and celebrity media and as a award is awarded to work for the Part of the US Department of Protocol. However, it is unknown, officials of the Government Department who give him the job have a secret agenda. The map we see shows Ohtar lying on the border of Saudi Arabia and Yemen's Yemen, in a deserted desert. known as Rub al-Khali, or From Half. In real life situations in this area would have been almost zero residents, and the value of a strategic strategy, but for film purposes we should admit that Ohtar is very important strategic in the Cold War and that the US government, who is interested in building a military base there, they need to do everything they can to continue the good side of its ruler. It changes Emir to the idea of ​​a young woman who has attracted her and has reached an agreement with the Government Department; they may have their base of release that can be Sunny as a recent addition to its harem. Sunny's new job is to ruse to ensure that Emir has more opportunities to meet him. <br /> <br /> A program like this can be a hilarious satire, but actually a satirical film is rather tone down. It is possible that in 1984 the American public had no satire of the closure of their foreign policy; this was, after all, the year when Ronald Reagan took forty-nine out of fifty nations in the Presidential election and his tough line with the Soviet Union was open to voters. (If the film was made a few years later, after Iran / Contra's matter, his voice may be different). <br /> <br /> The film is not very satire as a car for Goldie Hawn to show its brand of cuteness and charm. The sun is a typical Goldie- good, sweet-natured, naive and non-violent nature. There, however, the limit for how far you can go with the cuteness and charm alone, and you can not make a direct bad film just to make the character of a blumb blunt guide. (Actually, it looks more like a catalyst to make a bad film bad). Goldie tries to save this, but never does. Part of the reason is the way to which the character is shown. On the one hand Sunny is a beautiful, innocent girl from Oregon. On the other hand she is a 35-year-old woman who works in a strong bar and wearing a costume. The effect is like thinking of Rebecca's Sunnybrook Farm to grow and work as a girl Bunny <br /> <br /> The most important reason why Goldie can't save this film is even the best player or comedienne is not better than its material, and "Protocol" does not like only. Whatever humor is there is exhaustion and toughness, depending on the negative views about Arab men who, apparently, all desires after Western women, especially if they are blonde and blue eyes. There was a lot of this kind in the middle of the eighth century, as this was the period that also saw the bad movie of Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski "Harem", about the Eastern East ruler who abuses a little American woman, and a mini series of the same name that told a story similar to the past. Film producers seem to have seen that their films will not be used as a fresh comedy, because the last end turns out to be the last day of the day "Mr Smith Goes Washington". The sun shifts from the blonde to the fount of political wisdom and begins to write all kinds of desires on Democracy and the Constitution and the People's Choice of Elections and We People and how Independence Prices are Everlasting Blah blah blah ???? , but certainly the film did not succeed as a political model rather than a comedy. Goldie Hawn has done good comedies, such as "Cactus Flower", "Overboard" and "House", but "Protokete" is not one of them. I haven't seen all his films, but for those who have seen this bad comedy is worse.
