Something To Sing About Dedicated at Grand Studios of Grand National where James Cagney was working during the crisis agreement with Warner's brother. He made two films for this B-studio, nor does it matter much on Cagney's features. One of the biggest losses for movies is the fact that Jimmy Cagney made a very small film that used his ability to play too much. The two who come to mind immediately are Yankee Doodle Dandy and Footlight Parade. Two small films are a story of West Point and never a little thing. Cagney himself said he never looked at anything but his music for retirement. So why did it a few? All this was right. Sing Singing Plan About the hoofer concerns around the band who discovered and given a film contract. There are typical problems with the boss's label delivery and the media agent played respectively and well with Gene Lockhart and William Frawley. His contract requires a marriage clause, so Cagney and female girlfriend Evelyn Daw are married in secret. Then we find the problems of the studio romance driven by the lady leading screen Mona Barrie. I think you can imagine where this goes. The most sad thing about Something to Sing About is the lack of dance numbers for Cagney. He plays briefly at the beginning and end of the film with no middle. Evelyn Daw had a good voice of singing and charisma of the sandwich of ham. He found the number of music as it was. I'm sure the public to go to the film pays their tickets to see Cagney's dance. <br /> <br /> In addition to giving him a number of female drums dance would be good. He played well with Ruby Keeler in Footlight Parade and with Virginia Mayo and Doris Day in The Story West. Isn't Ginger Rogers, Eleanor Powell or Ruby Keeler available? <br /> <br /> No unexpected songs have occurred in this. And Daw's voice is also standing. He has the voice of Jeanette MacDonald soprano which was out of place with a swing band. To wonder Cagney went back to Warner Brothers. But they should give him a decent music.
