This film reminded me of Sopranos, and not a good way. David's Chase shade of David only sets his foot double, a very good and unusual example held in his fourth season, while Junior Soprano was tempted for of his life. Instead of implementing this riveting line (and important), the authors instead chose to ignore completely, taking into account the constant waiting times of Bobby Baccalieri on his wife's late wife's lost plates. When something of real interest occurs in a bad reputation - for example the first instance, the mysterious killing of Tupac Shakur which had reduced the first coastal area of ​​the East / West Coast feud, and became a leading cause of death. by Tupac and Christopher Wallace - the film takes on just another plot of plod through. Why was Tupac so sure that he was sold by his people? What? He alone made his relationship with Suge Knight? And it was Lil 'Kim's change from the first act of sex in sex, vampish diva really as banal as shown here? <br /> No these questions have even been discussed quickly by filmmakers, who are more interested in showing the image of Wallace's love for zero force. This process (including brain-frazzlingly clichéd groupie clarification in the hotel room) is an effective and degrading deception that the actual comparison alone is made by a television network. <br /> <br /> Story description, in both structure and content, is simple and causes. But basically more, like biopic; as something planned to celebrate his lesson and educate uninitiated on the problems of life and their work; The film is very close. Depending on the preparation of meat and potato music, as well as non-fiction music (which this film should be increased, in fact) causes a film that appears to be designed solely to satisfy the breasts and needs of those involved, leaving the course of doubt The Wallace's great in its domain as a convenient store of lobbying and originally transformed only. At the last twenty minutes, where Wallace's cultural identity emerged as a whole for that of the last day of the saint, actually saying I feel like throwing. <br /> <br /> For that score, as with any other, Notorious is crass, count and compromised.
