Using tons of stock photographs, not only from Pembe Traders but also the first two films in the series (for example alligator battles were last used out) this is one of the most powerful films in the MGM series. Its great dropped after Tarzan's tribal and its Mate is the most likely film in the series. The plan has a cousin of Jane who comes into the jungle to tell her that she is fortunate if she will return to claim it. They are kind of binding since the family that has left the money to refuse them out of love.To enter a beautiful white hunter, who wants to seize Tarzan and sell it secretly, the pair goes to the jungle where they go to the usual jungle problems (mostly because of stock images). After a lot of discussion Jane decides to return to civilization and we find a long line of Tarzan and Jame to make a face of kissy. Finally in the last half of the plot to capture Tarzan installed by the last things to be interesting if plans go awry and things seem to be worse for all concerns. <br /> <br /> The lighter color is clear evidence of The production of anxiety. The film appears to be collected from several different films and the first half of the hour playing as a close close to the previous film. The third medium shows signs of having to stretch objects and have lines of conspiracy that ultimately do not go anywhere. The last third of which Tarzan has been taken by the risky party is the stage which comes to the end of the film (also shows a cynical sign that has caused a great need to restore the film). I am so incredible how series has continued from here since this film is not very good (except at the end). I will be difficult to explain unless I say it was a relationship between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane who took people back. Their combination of beauty and in fact is one of the most beautiful screenshots. (I must also mention that this is the fact that the film was not real and fantastic and the appearance of the Tarzan house.) I do not like the first hour or so of this film is a great deal and it gets a waste of time and energy. If you can go to the end I would like to offer you a movie. Otherwise I would like to fly the entire film and continue with the next film in a row.
