In the small US town of Meadowvale Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gale, the IMDb list for this behavior is appropriate is Dr Blake is not Dr. Blakely) is the director and founder of the famous Psychological Research Institute and also hosted a local television program called 'Independent Builders'. He uses this T.V show. to encourage viewers and make them act violently. Dr Blake has a great brain with a bad face that uses a spinal cord as a tail. Usually the brain just sits in the tank, eating the mouse and the worst actor, every time you eat someone gets bigger. At the same time in the village high school he was given gifts but the troubled young man Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan) has been given a drink sodium in the toilet. Jim is sent to Dr. Blake for PRI for help with its character and behavior problems. While there is Dr. Blake stimulates Jim up, well what I'm not really what is. Anything is, connected to the brain. Jim first can resist the mind of the brain. The brain feels that Jim is a threat to himself and is planning. Once outside PRI Jim begins to have a wonderful hall and destroy his car. Jim does this with his friend Janet (Cynthia Preston as Cyndy Preston) but sends it to Dr Blake's assistant (George Buza) recently after Officer Marks (Harry Booker). The brain wants to kill Jim because he alone can focus on mind control techniques, and for 'Independent Analysts' go to the brain do not want anything or anyone to stop the evil rule of the world! Jim quickly knows that the brain is controlling the whole city and he alone must let the brain, before taking the world! Guided by Ed Editor who calls himself Edward Hunting here, the brain was not as bad as I thought it would be. Do not do wrong if not really big or. Script and Barry Pearson tries to be beaten with satire and brain control and mind and the story of T.V. There is no explanation given for the presence of the brain all the time, that's just there and we should accept it. The story is a little choppy and never fully examined one feature, there is a mental intelligence control, the brain itself, Jim being hunted by police & his bad habits and other various bit bits and pieces here and there including amazing revelation about Dr. Blake which is not fully explained. The production of wisdom this film looks cheap, and perhaps it was cheaper. Acting is not good but I've seen more, and what is David Gale doing in this? In fact this role is similar to the role of Gale in Re-Animator (1985) even under the death of its character in both films. The brain first sits in the tank and begins to grow whenever you eat a person and at the end is very good. Each step is just made of ball. It doesn't look so good and not terrible or interesting, just cheap. There is no blood or entering into it without mixing it and going away. Creativity is provided by Vivian Vivian Assistant (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) before being paid. The brain had some fun for me but I would think most people did not like it. Maybe the value of watch as you can see it on T.V for free.
