The film I saw was called 'Horror Rises from the Tomb'. The fear in question is the evil magician of Medieval played with the story of Spain's fearsome Paul Naschy looking at as an anchor in the church hall. He comes from his grave when a stupid child (I think he is a generation, if he is also motivated by Naschy) returns to his father's house and joins the head and body of a witch, which were separated from the witches who killed him, in an attempt to stop him, o, rising from the grave . Obviously, once the head and body return together all the rest of hell and many people die. Like all the good healers, Abanazer here has a good assistant. This plays with other fears of Spanish, the Good Line of Helga. As every other woman in the Line of the film regularly gets its unit. There is a dirt loop in this film, and not just a female - we can even see the body of Naschy, who is not very beautiful, I can tell you. Most of the sex corners of the film are free. There is one amazing place where Naschy and Line discusses their evil plans and then suddenly decide that both of the grope of the nubile of their young people have been. <br /> <br /> It's also pretty gory in places - especially Herschell Gordon Lewis-esquire when the Line hits its hands into someone's chest to remove its heart. The best part of the film is the very best zombies that turn to the end. They are so afraid and hot though, and don't bother to go back. Which is a shame. The area where zombies grow, however, is a very good time for a suitable film. It all happens with a long shot, and we have not found a clue that happens even when we see other statistics moving from a distance. There is a waste of time like this, thanks largely to the poor editing. When the employee falls under the detective of the head of the Naschy head there is very close on his face which seems to last forever and does not work. <br /> <br /> For all, it is not a great movie of terrible, but entertaining enough. Of course, the version I saw was the American version that would have been cut into pieces. For all I know, the original version of Spanish can be a masterpiece ...
