Say that Thunderbirds are awesome, forced, to your face, look bad, hear hearing and hurt watching the film without saying that it is enough. There are only two reasons why I would like to watch this film: 1; you have seen Thunderbirds when you were young (as I did) and I am interested in what it is but you will just look to know how bad they made it. Or, 2; you see it with someone under the age of ten. Thunderbirds can run everything that tries. The list continues and continues but there are other subtleties, which are very clear when you think about it. From far away, Thunderbirds are correct, not the same, not the same. The good message of values ​​and 'target' is the introduction of the worst way: Jeff Tracy (the youngest to Bill Paxton) tells his youngest son Alan he has not yet been proved to be Thunderbird after Alan randomly and stupidly decided to go down to the Tracy Island's appetite for fire on Thunderbird One. The entire film is a series of events and miss-fire with Alan trying to prove when his father and other brothers are faced in space within five Thunderbird. The film depends on the actors of the finger carrying the film: Alan Tracy (Corbet), 16, 16-year-old Tin Tin (Hudgens) and 14-year-old Brains son of Brains . Saying that watching the 'adventures' rise is painful is reduced. Regularly try to try and use the script when fighting "bad" hood (Kingsley) for ridiculously unfunny and hammy ways to act as an entertaining film time; varies only when everyone in a different location. Also, anything to 'control' the mind was so disturbing and it dropped the film as it was re-introduced and gave way to our heroes to see weaknesses in the hood? forced and obviously. I know that many of the "films for children" today try to integrate some kind of equipment for adults but in Thunderbirds it's made in a way that stimulates Lady Penelope. Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it's not unfortunate she is younger than all children? at the age of 24, is very close to the truth. Its exhibition is often charged with a push erotic push. We see him in the bath, bubbles up to his neck to watch TV; comes its shepherd and reduces the cycle with a change of path with his wet, open and net foot. Frequent shots of top-made pink pink boots filled with screens during various scenarios: This happens first when he is tied to the second and the time to fight a fist with another woman! Twinned with this, her beautiful pink dress that revealing enough but still enough is enough enough to be the same way that she goes and talking to that posh, great, English maximum; sounds like a wife's command (Well, she's LADY Penelope after all and you would like to call her) The whole thing is laughable but editing is very fast that children will not recognize but it is certainly like hell hell. The true way to hook to do all he is just stealing a few banks is very strange, the characters who are his guardians: the woman looking at a geeky and black black man who gets very scared. Do we have to laugh at this? What about scenes to fight? The wrong pieces of choreographed and what hell had a silly noise? It's quite, quite laughable. <br /> <br /> The list continues. Bill Paxton's method plays all of them carefully, if he was told they were doing the same way but it was made another, how Ford's automotive company has their scores marked everywhere. Bulletin's news: sponsored by Ford, even the camera participates in support of Ford several times when cars are shot, how the CGI way looks like something out of video video video video? irritating. The fact we are told to believe that a 16-year-old girl can swim on the Thames of freezing, against now, save the monorail decreased (monorail on Thames??), Restore it and so; save the day at all with his breath. Is the perfect cow and the creators know? I don't even know if he was 10 years old. <br /> <br /> In short: avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbirds are angry, inappropriate, not written and even Rolls Royce has been taken out and replaced by a flying car? everything that could go wrong, didn't go wrong.
