The original Thunderbirds got a chance in the history of television. It was, and still, very dear - in fact, the first 10 minutes of Wallace and Gromit's movie (Wererabbit) are the automatic lifting of Thunderbirds, up to the direct record of the original Thunderbird 2 sequence (if it provides 'I believe, take a film, and then get a copy of the original part that Thunderbird 2 has been launched. <br /> <br /> This video was a crass attempt to make a children's movie - when nature was loved and enjoyed with children and adults okay! In the beginning, Thunderbirds spent all their time saving people who were often locked up when Mother Nature or Technology went bad (yes, there is also a regular crime). Thunderbirds puts their own lives and resources at risk for any payment - the essence of confidence and self. There was little physical violence. Thunderbird's children faced a standard idea - how many of us would like to dream of one day to build Thunderbird 2? And do not minimize the strength of entertainment to do so - most of the Japanese reputation of their fascination and humanoid robots for the old cartoon Astroboy <br /> <br /> But this movie was a bad original image. This movie reached as a meld between Thunderbirds and Loony Tunes - I mean, we have Anthony Edwards as Brain imitation cook Porky pig? Much of that action has the castle of Kung Fu / Power Rangers type. Indeed, there was a sound effect when someone was nailed to the head with a cut pot. The technology that expelled our ideas was not available - instead of we have these children around us, using a device that was not in the previous series (and the whole team takes at once, leaving the base taken by children and brain). Then there was a dose of "Use Luke's Power" thought given when TinTin could inspire something or other, with a hood using aerodynamics that looked like being removed from "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon". About the only thing lost is for Hood to go "TinTin, I am your uncle" with the sound of the mask's breath. The heart that made Thunderbirds symmetry was FUNA. The only light was the image of Ron Cook's Parker - he saw it perfectly. But actress playing Lady Penelope came as a child - HUH ???? This is why we hate this film. When a person puts an object known to a fan base, and expects the fans to lose money to look at it, and then offers something that was not close to what the fans expect - well, cereals, it just plain WRONG! Okay, so if they were making a children's film - fine - sometimes you will distribute them directly to the video, where many of them are. But do not upload something to a known pan and change the change.
