'Thunderbirds' was a very popular sixty-six-year-old which shows that it has passed so far and is now becoming popular now, as well as adults and children alike, as was the day. Therefore, one could decide the opportunity to produce a live film and a million pound of Hollywood's budget was a great opportunity to revive the series as it was with 'Spider-Man' and 'The X-Men'. But the horrible story and bland that did this work undermined this opportunity and soon it was obvious all planned for this film was a bargain bin of the children's part. Instead of a film that focuses on five students, their father and the courage of geek Brain are struggling to save people and protect the world from criminals, our hero in this distress is desperate and striker Alan Tracey aged 13 , a fourteen-year-old ten-year-old Fermat brain, son of the brain (yes, son of Brains despite being a man who can never send a woman if he tried, perhaps he was a child in a petrol dish ). As a person can say from the run of our three leading actors, this 2004 Thunderbirds' revision was clear for the purpose of enjoying only children under twelve instead of trying to appeal for age as those involved in The greatest revival of 'Spider-Man' made. The lesson was bland and the concern of anxiety and anxiety and weak jokes that might not have played a role in the youth before youth. The author appeared to be interested in ending 'Spy Kids' (which was at least quirky and original) instead of returning people to show and love. Though Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were as good as Miss Penelope and Parker, they had three lines between them so their presence was not clear. Jeff Tracey's Bill Paxton was just awesome and there was just a little mention of the other three boys of Tracey when Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, like Brains and Hood series, were just shy. Hood, in particular, is not a threat or contempt and instead comes as a village, a two-dimensional village as a few of a delicious taste. Brady Corbet, who plays Alan Tracey, could be a little good performers but it was difficult to see that in the film where she plays the whinging whating who blows and the same goes to Vanessa Anne Hutchinson like Tin-tin since what she gets to do is look good and be all with 'girl power '. Surprisingly, it is the least of Soren Fulton's Fermat who is the only interesting characteristic of the film as Fulton performs natural and relaxed performance. <br /> <br /> 'Thunderbirds' series will be an eternal memory as the best show that confirms the strokes can provide a strong exhibition! 'Thunderbirds' film will be forgotten by many and remembered by a few as one big flop.
