The basic form for the previous series was; take someone, get the listeners to love them, then give them into the danger of death. This form worked for 32 sessions that took place between 1964-68. Now, we fly forward to 40 years until 2004. We are introduced to Alan Tracy, a younger child-than-school college, and his friend, Fermat, young know-all. They are taken out by Lady Penelope in her pink pink Thunderbird on a paradise paradise where Tracy Family lives, for school holidays. Almost immediately, they have been left in Kyrano's service with his daughter, Tin-Tin while adults save John from Thunderbird 5 which has been destroyed by the accident. That's part of the hood program to take Tracy Island so that he can steal the Thunderbird machine ... <br /> <br /> ?? Stealing the bank! <br /> <br /> Yes. The program is as well as! <br /> <br /> Talk is banal, acting more than wood than that (fiberglass) puppets, effects, nothing but special symbols by Hans Zimmer ??? What little had a glorious theme of Barry Gray was seen through adequate operation for Zimmer. Some of the symbols were to completely forget. In fact, part of the mark was announced the following week on the radio and did not recognize! I wasn't worried even sitting to witness the efforts of Busted and last responsibilities. To be fair, Ron Cook worked well with Parker, he and Sophia Myles as Penelope seemed lost. For the correct material, they could show that they have stopped. CGI's work was what I called her - 5 years ago. The great craft was not the same; The preliminary illustrations of the series at least were moved as a quantity. Another negative way is that all production was considered to be one long-term set of product centers, from every vehicle built by Ford for all Tracy Freezer content produced by Ben & Jerry. My child (9) enjoyed the film but this cross between Spy Kids and 'Clockstoppers', focused on his age group, did not add anything to the story of Thunderbirds. When Star Trek screened the big screen in 1979 and 'The Motion Picture', a new life lease was opened on a franchise that lasted for 20 or more years. For this film, Frakes has lost a golden opportunity to do the same with the Thunderbirds franchise. I predict that this film, like 'Avengers' and 'Saint' before it, will enter into stability within 6 months, leaving the original series for its 'classic' state.
