I've thought that the largest box-office flops normally have something to recommend them, but after remake of the Around the World in 80 Days with Thunderbirds, I start to doubt. For those who do not know, it is based on the puppet show about the family of inventors who use the state of art missiles, spaceships and help to save people from various disasters (collapse of bridges, beaten birds, fire buildings, etc.) each week. Very small has gone (replaced by many non-surviving young people), and also a premise - just one of the unforeseen evacuation and a cleverly targeted attack from Spy Kids without any imagination, ie or entertainment. Young Alan Tracey feels left out of all the rescue we can't see other traceys do because the father won't allow him to play with the real rocket until he gets his exams. Depending on the beautiful tropical island (some penalty!), Its splendid position comes when the whole family - a group of identikit bleach-blondes that is seen as a young teenager of Nazi being without intercourse between them - is beaten in space and needs to have a day for, er, circulating the jungle, calling the phone, casting the hose on the uncomfortable concerns of comedy and beat in the gunk for the wrong measure. <br /> <br /> Good elements are few and middle. One of them is that the film is more focused. All others should go to Seychelles, which looks good. Poor points: Where to start? Ben Kingsley works to reduce performance? What? Those who had previously described the comedy relief that would undermine Children's Film Movies in the worst? Lack of immediate action or effects in the film $ 70m sci-fi? A terrible script, non-living patterns, good values? But most of all it is the fact that the film deals with every possible way. Forgetting life lessons and the feelings of pigs, this is a direct-looking movie and people who know they are making a child film and talking regularly to their audience, and giving us a five-point joke and a system that can undermine them. Many children who have recently learned speech skills. This film can take a chance to be sent to bed without dinner as a parent's punishment for children. A great history of the British film history (not even cost prints and marketing), is just about to look like a lesson for how it's not to make summer movies.
