Johnathan Frakes is a good actor and, when he can't direct the family film, a good director. But, surely it should not be directed to this film, and the screen must be erased. The director and authors should understand what the original TV video was about, and who are the characters and how they did. The preliminary series had many incredibly written notes for good conversation and for the conditions that American producers did not consider using in children's programs, a small amount of films, which made the previous series of adult recipients. I mean, Tracys were college graduates and some of them even drank alcohol and drinking tobacco! And, there were characters who were killed, though many were bad. If they had written as a pre-designed method, which is not complain with good conversation, kindergarten, and a weak plot, this Universal / Canal partnership will not have such bad reviews. <br /> <br /> This motion picture is almost insulting. If you have seen the previous series of Supermarionation, then you will know what I'm talking about! The first thing that never existed was the regular memory of the Ford Motor Company, so far that Lady Penelope was around him in Ford Thunderbird made to look like FAB-1 instead of using what is most suitable for Bibi Penelope's center ( not to mention being more loyal to the original), ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. He is supposed to be a popular member of the British community, so preference for making the best UK cars in the original series. Another inspector here has shown that Penelope cannot be caught dead in Ford. He is very precise in the context that the idea of ​​running him in Ford does not work. At least they could have a Penelope trip in Jaguar built as FAB 1 since Jaguar is a British car making it owned by Ford, but NO! They had to use FORD directly! But the replacement of Ford products does not live there. Every single car you see is Ford! Even the flash of the information displayed on the TV when it was posted on the film was sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, FORD! Ford cars also make this movie a Ford automobile. The previous series had a design that was later in the 1960s and remains before its time even today. But, the futuristic structure in the previous series worked because there was an attempt to make the appearance of efficiency and performance. This type of treatment was not available in the film, where everything is taken in excess, winning the sense of performance and actions. Many things made in the design of the film were done in full style, often without a sense of work to give the same style of meaning. The original series relied on good performing talent of the voice to eliminate a few words in the buttons, and bring them into events. Colorful and interesting music with Barry Gray was helped even to connect viewers with stories, characters, and how everything gathered to help achieve a great goal (a little of Stanislavski discussion). Films, on the other hand, had a lot of mixed performances. Anthony Edwards played for the error, Bill Paxton as Jeff Tracy did not work in spite of respect (one of the few), there was a better choice for hood than Ben Kingsley, and many others who don't care to mention (it will take too long). Quite simply, the puppets were more reliable! The second was a typical and low-down music Hans Hansen, giving more sound as a mix between "Day of Thunder" and "Apollo 13." <br /> <br /> And, of course, Hood. The hood in the previous series was able to communicate with Kyrano through the statue of Kyrano as a trap of ESP communication. But, that's where his amazing ability was completed. He is a master of hiding and deception, which allows him to go around unnoticed (for the most part, anyways) to collect information on Thunderbirds cars in his own way. It also uses weapons for its protection, including a pistol, and usually collects information using a film camera, although he tried to steal Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960s. The Thunderbirds show held in Supermarionation and was the second release of Thunderbirds displays. But, when he is the Nemesis of the International Rescue, the hood is not human in every part of Thunderbirds and tends to avoid direct confrontation with the International Rescue. In the movie, he is clearly the main villain, but he and his cohorts seem to act more like morons, with the hood being extended ability to control the mind, including the ability to move objects and move himself into a short run. This differs greatly from the hood as a character in the previous series and which may leave children laughing and people who know the series whistling their heads for frustration or leave a playground for hate. <br /> <br /> There is more resistance, but the limit of 1000 words for IMD comments will not allow me to list them all. So, I will make sure that I have not enjoyed this film. In fact, I think it takes! After seeing the original series and the Supermarionation movies (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6), I was hoping for something better than this. The original decision was more sophisticated and elegant than this farce live. (And that says well.) - Kip Wells
