I'm not a fan of the series of books on the left - books were written at the reading level of 6-six and lack of research and knowledge of science, technology, and politics. While books that remain faithful to the Scriptures, their methods of fulfilling prophecy are often ridiculous (eg their description of the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). Also, the books had a non-preaching voice that would prevent unbelievers instead of bringing them into the gospel. However, I found myself reading these books because of my interest in the events of Revelation. For the same reason, I watched this situation with the film. I am sad to say that it is a very short film that goes with the poor. Acting is actually rather a respect for many parts and regular bits of acting evil and acting. Script is bad, although it will not be expected without starting a novel as a basis. The characters are attracted and not planted. Events feel dismantled and eradicated. Conversation sometimes seems to run. At least the book was made a hokey theory. Here, the viewer is left with an extraordinary mess that only makes sense if someone has read the book. Stimulation of the film is also greatly affected by the opening and conclusions that seem to run very fast, and in the middle it draws at a slower pace which makes it feel beaten. Music is schizophrenic. From time to time, it successfully improves the situation and sound appropriate to the motion picture. Sometimes, you remind me of the music of sitcom and mini-series. And still other bits remind you of the MTV MTV sound that is not just in the film. I can give films to the area of ​​fear on the plane, but that's it. Other events related to disasters after the Rapture are far from compelling. The movie also faces a book preaching even though its message is not the same as your face. In all, I got the movie as well as despair as a series. This is not a connecting film with Christians around it. I hope that this film is not available in the exhibition next year. It would be more important for the bad publicity of Christianity. For example the compelling, intellectual, well-monitored view of the Revelation which shows a true and Christian view of not being offensive to a worldly reader (after which all should be a Christian trying to reach) a christ reader of Christ Clone and James BeauSeigneur. It is a good reading and is the best choice for unbelievers or believers who value the quality.
