Never before the intention of the manufacturers of the motion picture was more obvious. Let's see: FIRST, they get every favorite television to make this film a great thing since white cakes cut. PERFORMANCE, they encourage many basic Christians as much as possible to buy a copy of the film to redeem its production costs and pushing its advertising budget. And lastly, when the film blows movies, get as many Christians as possible to see it again, taking them to the multiplexes if necessary, not to the features of the film itself, but because the opening of the box office # 1 will be seen as some kind of great spiritual victory . But that, of course, is not enough. I think that anyone who criticized the film and the courage to give "Left Back" anything of the sharp scope would seem to "fight with the Christian." In fact, the campaign of the attack is not surprising. It, after all, good old Capitalism at work. What is surprising to me is how many people have been beaten into all the "left" ideas. If someone who tries to balance his spiritual beliefs for some reason and reason, he leaves me to hit my head. It seems that there are many people, many people who really believe that sometimes the next "Rapture" will take place, and that millions of people around the world will go at the same time. What truth, I wonder, are these people living? Is this a "Rapture" that they really believe, or is it something they need to believe? And when they reach the end of their lives and realize this "Rapture" has never been, will they be disappointed and frustrated? Are there still 100 years from now insisting that "Rapture" is approaching? Somehow, almost like the event will happen! Interesting day that will be! It would be more interesting if the apocalypse was done in the most interesting style, not the meaning of anthropology writers of the "left" series, but as more than Stephen Spielberg's production, and the boiling clouds, trumpet, angels descending from heaven, The moon turns to blood, all nine yards. Imagine coming to realize that they were all happening, as the evangelists were warning for years, and that there is something more amazing than just cold, hard, physically real. What? That's nothing? However, in the last analysis, it's a cool, hard, physical thing that I will deal with. My life is not so much that I need to be afraid of "Rapture" and "End Times" to focus on all ... nor do I need Heaven or Hell of corruption or insist on having a good character, thank you very much.
