I am a Christian ... and I feel that this film is bad. No one but tough-based, Christians of the Bible region will go like this film. The message is also in your face. If you want to communicate with a broad audience, you should be the most subtle way. You cannot have a father raising the Bible next to it and carrying it with him in every area. HALG! <br /> <br /> Bad trend. The revelation of the lost people should be frightened, but it was terrible. Leaving their clothes down? It reminds me of old Ed Wood movies: "Oh, my God! People are not there!" The situation in the plane is just a fool. Think about it: If you have found your family clothes near you, you can't just shout "oh my god." Lost! Don't! "and begin to cry and cry. You would like to first refuse ... you could jump to that conclusion. See Jodie Foster in FLIGHTPLAN. My popularity is a dog sitting on the sand with a bunch of clothes and boots sitting next to him. I almost fell in bed I was laughing it was so bad that it was contributing to it. It was like the composer was in his own world scoring his own films. STOP Explaining the way to make JAMES COVELL! Good luck supports what happens on the screen… this movie is more than a UNDER logo, but instead it had a lot of face as the message is. The writing was a crocodile. People don't! "Brad Johnson was delicious. Two exhibits came from Anti-Christ and the old man (sorry, they can't remember their names) In checking" making decisions "(answering my question" what they thought "), producers and actors The film and actors deceive themselves ... telling "we will reach all the audience" and "Mr. Johnson is wonderful" and "this is like a movie of Hollywood". I have come to the conclusion that they do not know what "heck" they do. Finding a message for a broad audience is a wonderful idea. The movie is the best possible way to do it. See movies like WOW, SIGNS, CONTACT, PASSION of Christ, even O'BROTHER, WHAT TO GO THOUGHT THOUGHT? The film is needed to be made by talented people and vision.
