Well, now, I know there are millions of Americans who believe in the Rapture: at the time when all people who are born again in Christ will be given up to meet God and all the rest of mankind will be left on the earth to suffer in hell and fire and heart of psoriasis as the Antichrist fights with Jesus (meaningless war). And I know these books were the best sellers. . Believers believe, however. And I mean that you didn't respect everything. But I must say, they put this movie into a sack and beat it with a Sick stick. The books are much better. True. The plan does not need to punish. If you look at this film, you are reading a book. I might be one of the only people in the world who actually looked at this with a very bad experience of moving, and I wasn't disappointed. Especially not by Kirk Cameron, the small gremlin of "Growth Pain", who came to the age in the show, sought Christ, and decided that SHOW should reflect his Christian values. Yes, Kirk, your work has gone to the dog, but now you can be happy that you are spreading God's word to the worst movies, even doing it with the release of the exhibition. That's not quite true: I think this is the only movie that was made that went to DVD FIRST, and the free view of the film when it was released for a short time on the movie! I still have a chick! How many people do you think is shown? I don't know about you, but it didn't even come to my city. Of course, I live in the NYC, where we are free of God does not live near the pages of the Bible spread out and find it. So it goes. In fact, I will look for over three million people on Manhattan Island, not a person to be redeemed. See additional resources on the DVD, where you will learn the information from the events of these movies. . .CAST and CREW must all have the same religious views. They don't come out and say this, but listen close to what the film speakers say. It's like a Pod group People met to make a Pod film. How is creepazoid? In fact, these things preach to the converts, do they not? What? You can think of anyone who does not know to join anything of the apocalypse looking at this, moving on the forehead and saying, "GOD GOD!" However, I have emerged. I gotta see the rest of this Christian film fiasco, especially one with Gary Busey, which I think it is TRBNATIONS Busey at least has an excuse to take part ... he hit his head on a particular pitch when he hit his motorcycle. \ t Are there all the shots of the poor, innocent dogs blowing, and their leashes run down to the ground, because their owners are called to heaven? What is it? Are we supposed to feel bad for dogs, and if we do, what to do with Isn't the IRK people that there is no place in heaven for the best friend of someone? Still. <br /> <br /> This is one more reason I am mad. Good night and good luck.
