It has been time since we saw this for the first time, so I watched it again with the second movie in a row. When I realize there is a movie 3 out that I haven't seen yet, I review below the original title ... <br /> <br /> Just to view the value of the production, write screen, and make a movie, this film fails in many levels , although it succeeds with a few too. What? Can you expect from the bottom budget, "B"? Not much, and it works on the production outlook. However, to write a definite entry, for a little in the development of the character ... exactly what I would like to expect when there is a film agenda. I had no problem with acting ... cast is solid; However, the screenplay in both movies offers administrators a little chance to isolate themselves. Because the film is "Christian," this is predictable, as you cannot properly show the chaos of the "end times" without also breaking some of the values ​​that relate to Christianity. In other words, the mistake comes to make this the G-rated film while its content, even in the most conservative biblical translations, will be R-rated and measured. So, if the purpose of the movie is to fear people in the Christian faith, then the movie should be scary, right? However, you cannot comment on the comparison of the film from the book without commenting on the book, or in this case, a series of books. There are certainly many Christian materials to be released on the movies ... but not "Left Back" of the series ... and these movies will eventually fail because, when being the best sellers, they are very unsuitable textbooks as bad as the South Baptist, confess that the books were my pleasure, though I have never finished the last two books of the series. I have told them that it is a false lie, and if the books will take a step of the view that this is a “likely” one or the interpretation of the biblical eschatology (learning “end times”), then I could live with it. , this series is divided into Christian circles because it promotes the "real" interpretation of all Scripture on the most appropriate hemeneutic. So of course, this leads to a "pre-distress, pre-millenial" view, which prevents all- God In other words, as I have always said, God does not need a helicopter and our bombs to do his last work. Because because many people, especially Christians who do not have faith, cannot think more of themselves views of the world, we are left with a conservative, fundamental position of biblical interpretation, and attempts to push through the "definition" only. Therefore, books carry the agenda, not so much to get "lost" to understand their needs for Christ, but to say that the basic view is the only legitimate way to understand the Bible. I remember reading very clear (a few years ago) in a second novel area where characters refer to a "left behind" because of disagreement with this view; as "real" Christians who deserve "rapture" could not hold on to other eschatology. This is frustrating for a number of reasons, at least because the "crash" is briefly mentioned in Scripture and is a relationship with true prophecy, the end of the most appropriate time. But the real issue with these books comes in the way they divide the Christian community and how they demonstrate the "true" Christian behavior. Finally, I feel that they are more convincing people to have a legitimate religion / religion than to win people towards. It turns out that all Christians have in the caricatures, similar to hate and laughing with the world despite the fact that there is a theological room for a diverse range of beliefs in Christian thought and practice. As a Christian body, in general, we have done enough for that kind of damage to the society over 2000 years of history ... and indeed we do not need to promote the film for thousands, maybe millions of others. </> <br /> Therefore, "left" movies fail because the "left books" do not deserve to be translated into the movie.
