Bloody Jack is put in the Alaska desert and begins as a member of another Lumberjack killer of the witchcraft reader (The Evil Dead (1982) style) from an old spell book to try to raise him, he succeeds and he was not a great believer in the unity of the Lumberjack family dude kills his brother. Two days later & Ray (Travis Quentin Young) with his sister Dawn (Erica Hoag), her boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and their four friends come out of the cabin of beauty (The Evil Dead style ...) and look at the end of the weekend at the end of the desert. Unfortunately the Lumberjack Butcher is shown by his brass and he begins to kill his friends with one ... Edit, written, produced by the Todd Portugal-led executive is a modern slasher that has flicked Flick outlets that have kind of scared me, not a big fan of film low budget budgets and budget production values. The script is awesome for every way for 80 minutes, it has every bad slidher cliché, the character is bad, the conversation is terrible & it's difficult to keep on anyone or anything in this pretty pretty excuse for the slasher boy film. Teenagers become more angry and more stupid than usual, the script is more than morally, predictable & impaired than usual with Lumberjack dude killers is disabled. Then there are last 10 minutes or so, if you do so far and believe it is difficult to go, it gives one of the worst problems that has ended the history of a small film that I was worried by the audience who just had to sit for 90 minutes of value. crap. Now I will destroy the end so anyone who doesn't want to know I stop reading now. Basically just before the end of the film is reduced by Ray describing the story and it turns out that he was telling a story of what we were seeing & Nick & Dawn & everyone else wants to tell him such a bad story (I felt their pain) and then keep taking holes in it laughter. Due to why they stood up and talked, why they did not get to the rhythm and things like that, I felt like this was a hitting of the audience as if they were the kind of things I wondered when I looked at this trick and hit the neck under my throat and clarified that the creators knew the script scored & could see all the holes in it & went to the end of the finish that brutally refuses 80 minutes ago (which we just had to sit in remembrance) is just a small salary. Then add insults hurt Lumberjack dude returns & kill everyone within two minutes, why didn't he start it? It would have saved everyone a lot of time. <br /> <br /> The director of Portugal returns to the real mess, this has continued further between the nights and the day in the film I saw. The whole film means keeping the night and I suspect the actors tried to use the day of the night process but didn't work & most of them looked like they were set up during the day. For example, see when Lisa is locked into the bathroom and climbs out of the window. It is clear black pitch out while we are looking out from the inside of the bathroom but when he falls down & film cuts out of the shot is bright daylight. Then there is a true Ranger Vince says we can't get a search party out here until 'morning' shows that it was supposed to be a night, then a couple of minutes later when she walks out and looks like the middle of the day in which she is actually carrying around a flashlight that is open on & he is clearly showing it in the instructions where he looks like the night. Whenever there is a place placed on the cabin to look at the windows, it is a black pitch out and when the rope goes through the door to start and is also another clear example. Sustainable in this film is just the worst I saw. There is not much of a year, there are a few cases of axes coming into people's bodies but no one remembers. Not afraid, no tension or atmosphere and promotion of the day and the victory of the night is just so misleading because it is obvious. In fact the film is rock down, and the continuation between the night and the day should be seen to believe it is bad. Specific effects are poor & could not even show a car to fight even though it is very important for a plot. This has an hour of amateur written everywhere from beginning to end. Acting is very talented and every person who is worthy of Oscar, and just hate it, is not really very bad and even girls who got their breast did not look good. The Legend of Jack's role is a horrible tragedy of the boy, it seems like it was shot on a camcorder without a tripod or steadycam, it has a negative impact, it's exciting and has an end that comes offensive in the history of a horrible film or I have quite completely found it and it is more clever. Not recommended, check out the respectable slasher from 70 or 80 years to remind you of how it should be done.
