Even duller, if possible, than natural (I hope I say that under the IMDb guidelines). FRENCH INFORMATION at least tried to absorb the influences of Europe, to strengthen the common view of US police investigations, even if an attempt was launched by Friedkin's ambitions, Americaness and general stops. During the 1960s (especially with incomprehensible information) it was allowed to influence the European movie in Hollywood. This gave new strength and controversy between fatigue, and, for their best (for example BONNIE AND CLYDE, early falls), a new deficit of reception. The original CONNECTION was part of this movement, with its very difficult style, and anti-detective data. TWO is the old Hollywood beauty of the American ethics wing. This is reflected in the French-American film very stressful and France. For example, TWO is shot as a French police of 70s. It was French, of course, who insisted on the size of American films when they were ignored at home, and this, in fact, is a reminder, warning against Gallic concept. This can be seen in the structure of two movies. CONNECTION consists of French groups invading New York, and the French style faces US excitement - this leads to the abolition of detective statistics, and the absence of conspiracy - baddie left. TWO has returned to the United States to France, and the American values ​​of wonders set in nature - the detective power is re-adjusted and the common resolution is available. This is further reflected in Doyle's relationship with French inspector Barthelmy, whose great influence should be entered before being able to plot. <br /> <br /> TWO seems to follow the original and destroy his detective hero. From the beginning, the importance of Doyle has been reduced in every direction. Despite the end of CONNECTION, he is considered to be a hero. But he is a American in a foreign country, and his ability to control a language or custom means he cannot control a plot. He even loses the signs of the police, deceiving the criminal, and causing him to be killed. The detective power comes out of its power like looking and interpreting, but Doyle uses a large amount of film with a watch, control, object, body (actual in post-casting events) and viewed. In CONNECTION, he stressed the action, expelling criminals, forcing plot; here he is a sweetheart, wrapped in bed, bound in cell, addict, dependent. This loss of phalli power is predicted before losing its gun, and the film follows a trajectory familiar Oedipal. In the heroin order, she is comforted by an old woman who says she looks like her son. Her doctor's condition is like returning to the stomach, stealing the pressure of adults. Taking his eyes strengthens the shortage of this situation, twice important for a person whose work depends on schedule and accuracy. Oedipus was the first detective, and avoiding his fate, Doyle must abstain from the false mother who is abolishing her identity, and killing her father (Pastor) so that she can take her place of acceptance by the man in the community. Psychoanalytic theory was popular among the scholars in the 70's (surprisingly mobilized by Frenchman, Jacques Lacan), but it is rare to see the film so perfectly. If all this fact would be slow to reduce Doyle, then the style of film is not recommended. Friedkin removed us from his hero for refusing mercy or impulse of the character, based on the mechanics of the plot. Here, Doyle is an ordinary hero of Hollywood. Instead of losing for a long shot, he is made with the ability and understanding of the viewer and traditional equipment - point-of-view, ups, close ups, connecting links etc. TWO is about to fall and rise to Pope Doyle. Plot in this case fits for acting, which is usually the size of the hackman. The winter events of Turkey, therefore, despite their excitement, are not disturbed. We are allowed to share rather than explore in the cold; this is a very uncomfortable experience. These events are also shot by the deepest feelings of the United States. So when CONNECTION attempted to implement many of Jean Pierre Melville's attractions, TWO makes the opposite. Melville's SAMOURAI included a young man who started the whole film, powerful, out of language, and changed his final victory. TWO starts with a degraded habit, reaching out for language inefficiency, which the rule begins when it comes out of the language - the final result of the action is largely. In the film, the country and language area is as important as they manage and undermine the detention, but if he re-regulates his ability (seen in the return of his gun, and the cathartic burn of the first dangerous site, the tower tower where the Pastor has cared for) , set for Marseilles becomes more difficult, and stand by historical, which can take anywhere, it takes. Compare the end of these two films: someone agrees with despair, quite another point. <br /> <br />
