I originally gave this feature two- Now I would think more about it. I also want them to have a negative option of comment. Look at that, I was amazed at how poor something was from the beginning to the end. I praise Ron Pearlman, and John Carpenter ... for what caused it? The last 13 season season was given because of addressing the issue of abortion. I think this season Mr Carpenter was able to do something gray-area that you can't see once if he's a pro-choice or anti-pregnancy. It was after I stayed and thought about it that I realized that it is too much to fight abortion - this is more obvious at the end when 'Mama' strikes a child and kills, surprisingly with 'Father', who walks sad, leaving the mother regardless . But you also see it in the manner of Ron P. being considered - it's not hard to think that if someone has appeared to have a threat in the past in order to have a prohibition against him that they will not be able to call the police immediately. Instead we have a guard around compassion to deal with him (just pay for the end) I do not know someone who has a strong view on something, even if nothing I agree, but I think it is blind not to stand by that view, rather than trying to look like them sitting somewhere in the middle. But, political issues aside, this part was not bad. Music was retro-70 and just plain did not work. Acting (except Ron P.) was poor. The effects were terrible - it is possible to be better - not to show the monster at all rather than to show the cracking of the crocodile they had. It is all said, I'm glad to have Masters of Horror- I'm not interested in staying in some very poor cases of getting good. It's less like renting awesome movies from a video shop - you always get a good one and makes it worth while. I agree with the poster that probably the name needs to change from Masters - some of these people just plainly will not deserve the name. (Let me assure you that I hated this part, John Carpenter is quite worthy of title. He is master and thru)
