I entered the Video Store and watched around Horror movies, after 30 minutes I ran and chose a few. I was hit by "Masters of Horror" which had "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die". They seemed to be the same, the old anger of Harm, but I was interested in some reason. He said about Pro-Life on the case of being a classic, return to the form by John Carpenter (I loved "The Thing", so I thought this would be good) and all. So I have turned it into a beautiful and interesting thing, I was very wrong ... It started normally, just a girl running through the Forest, fearing something. Does the car stop and take him (just the people who need to see, amazing?) They take him back to the clinic and examine him, at the same time all this happens to his father appears in the doors and they do not allow him, he is not near the area. Most likely from something that he could do in the past, but you don't know any of this at this time. Surely he does not want his daughter in this place, the abortion center. He is very powerful against such acts, believing is a disease and not a "God" that he would like. He "supports" what I heard is called "Pro-Life". Working against abortion and going to a large extent allow newborn babies, they are sick. Don't like the life of an unborn child, but they have killed humanity in the past to allow Parenting? Right is just the mind. However, behind the track, after the girl examined they know her pregnant, but far more than what she should be. She is just a few pregnancies, but it's coming months. He continues to tell them they will understand, and that he wants to conceive and all, but he finally says the fact that he was raped by Hell from Hell, and that his Father wants this child (but believes "God" wants this child, not really doing it). She gets her three children (joining Pistols and Shotguns), and starts making them go to the clinic (hitting someone who does not work). The Head of the Clinic, who must have trouble with them, is already ready at this time. He keeps killing the children of one father, but eventually he is shot a few times (wearing a jacket of bullet proof). The father then does what he believes happens to women. He reduces the pit, where Vagina would like if she is a wife, and includes something to suck up and draws all this blood. While all of this is happening, a girl gives birth to a certain Estonian child with many feet, and another David rises from under the Earth (not in one room) and begins to look for her child. The father sees this later, and begins to question why this happened, did what he was told to do, and does not understand why it is like this. Demoni had killed all his children earlier, and now goes to the Father ... When a girl kills a child, the Demon takes it away (not in one location). probably seems to be very good, and the Horror Movie is interesting, but not. Acting is ugly and unattractive, the script is boring and even creative, they choose bad characters and even build on them; everything is put together, small parts, even adding up to something big, wasting time. I can't turn this into horror, although it has Horror elements, finally failing in what they are trying to succeed. It felt more like "Modern" Movie-Movie, than by John Carpenter. Sorry for my lack of information, and extensive review, I didn't have time to lose writing something exciting. Also slow if my search and your information are incorrect, I can't have trouble finding anything.
