I expected to see part of John Carpenter in the 2nd Season because of the first Burns of Smoking, it was very good from the 1st Season (and I did as part of the season). Oh, how I was desperate. It is precisely to the Patentist I think the basic problem and this part was to write quite awesome. Characters, apart from the issue, seemed to have a character and said as they were written to the Walker, Texas Ranger. Acting was bad, and I usually like Ron Perlman a lot, but I can just blame them because writing was awesome. I don't try to think what the authors tried to do because it would be useless but it seemed like they were trying to combine fear (open) and some sort of social definition on pregnancy and religion. In this regard, it is not surprising, it seemed to be a chance to destroy certain types or religious nuts with anti-pregnant women. And I have agreed with the two goals but it was done so much that I was embarrassed to look at the characters and talk to them with stupidity. This has failed to provide any helpful comments on subjects and the fear of failure that also failed with this incorrect text. When I don't think the carpenter can be judged for the worst evil here I will say he chose to lead the teleplay and therefore has to be responsible for. There are small bits that I have found good, so I have two stars. The real effects of the gore and monster were good, but the CGI gore (two different headlights) were so obviously the CGI should have never been given OK. Normally I am very important to CGI but not because I have a problem with code. I have a problem with its implementation. Technology, when surprising in some way, is not good enough to resemble the "real" effects, whether it be miniatures or a particular time when it should be identical to an organic and / or living thing, and therefore should not be used until. CGI can be used well in small quantities or if the whole film is animated. <br /> <br /> I also take this opportunity to recognize that the title of the show, Masters of Horror, is a bad name to have. There is not just many "masters of fear" around. Maybe two or three. If the show was called "Tale of Horror" or something like that is good. But if it stands to lead one of these intervals, and thus being turned into a "master of fear" is that they have at least one of the most awesome films in their work. And he did not even be good.
