* PEOPLE OTHERS IN HIS STUDIES * This movie was awesome. I am a big fan of baseball so I thought I would like to look at it, and I was very disappointed. It started well .. When I saw the negative influence DeNiro had her little son, I was hoping that she would be the best father in the movie or something. Anyways, at first it seemed like DeNiro had to be the main character. He was the only one who believed in Bobby, and had his best son that he was losing the protection, which gave me a reason to feel bad for him. He wanted to help Bobby by talking to Primo, when out of anywhere he injures Primo death ... Not to mention that the sketchy reoccurring song "I want **** YOU !!!!" at the wrong time in the wrong time. Later, when DeNiro saves Bobby's son from the water, I was hoping that the movie could surrender itself. He can forgive himself for killing Primo as he saved Bobby's son. But of course this is far beyond the depth of the movie, because all he cares about is getting CREDIT for murder, and he does so by stealing Bobby's child, car, and dog and kidnapping - Bobby needs to hit home and declare that DeNiro is "fan true "while showing a picture of a knife. Now we come to the last place that follows as hell and we are expected to believe that the game has not been called. Then DeNiro somehow looks magic in the field with a teacher's suit and calls him out of the house, going on to pull his knife and start to beat everyone who runs the field. There are officials who do not have a farm (but the police are faced), so DeNiro goes to the hill and prepares a knife for Bobby when he is shot to death. But don't worry, this fun and beautiful movie has a happy end, because Bobby has got his baby. <br /> <br /> HOME movie games. It's not about a fan. As far as I knew, fans have no psychological pleasures that threaten, steal, and throw knives in their reputation. This is likely to be the worst movie I will see in my life. The plan was unclear, the sound of the voice was disclosed, the movie had no purpose. I warn you not to waste your time on this filthy excuse for films.
