Under London has something interesting about it, as well as its small and winding slopes, in factories that take you down and down the ground, and of course the mice rotate the songs. It is a wonderful source that is not used in the most frightening films. It had been used in the seventy years of fear of the Deathline of Raw Milk, with a crowd of impoverished tribe living in the tunnel caused, and celebrating a follow-up track in the American Werewolf in London. So I was happy to see that someone else tried to extend the pipe atmosphere at night with the latest British production. I thought the film started well, with a very effective credit system that was a non-conservative, followed by a wastewater area that laid the foundation for something evil being under London roads. . However, Creep came down from here, and I found myself wanting to open it after this opening area, leaving it with a good feeling of the film. All the characters are not concerned with the inability, even Potente himself, and the director saw the need to beat us on the head and the definition of society about the lack of housing. he also made the mistake of displaying a "monster" in full lighting, where he stops off the horrible, and reveals his name to Craig. How can you have a monster called Craig? It turns out to be a F form type, and reminds one of the episodes. In fact, I wanted Mulder and Scully to turn around and exclude all out for me. With regard to the sexual abuse of pride, it is very clear, confused and totally unwanted. It seems that there is just a shocking audience instead of any plot value. The stress is on the top and the horrible that actually collects you for other fears, which are done as it is only half through the film. It goes. The only feature of the liberation of the film I had a common image from Ken Campbell, one of my favorite actors. You don't see him so many times, but while screens he does everyone in the corner. To send him as a wastewater inspector is a genius stroke, unfortunately only one in the film.
