I love movies about UFOs, that's why I recently decided to restore EYES BEHIND STARS after seeing it when I was a child back in the late 1970s. You see, although EBTS is not bad, it's VERY light and nondescript. Myths are interesting but flat. Actors are good but their roles are boring and a little confused. FX is very mad but I can look at something like that if the movie is running, which, unfortunately, this is not. Also, there is very little violence and no dirt, which makes this Italian Italian Italian-made Italian theater of the 1970s an extraordinary, because if there is one thing that defines the Italian original cinema In the 1970s from other kinds of films made in the same decade, it is an amazing amount of abuse and sex to be found in them. Then enough, because of the shortage of the wrong components, EBTS stands out of the rest of the agreement. I don't know if this might seem like thanks. Of course, I can enjoy movies without sex and abuse but I think the EBTS is needed more than sexual abuse and here and there to wipe it because it is so bad and dry. And special effects are not specific. <br /> <br /> The story itself is really interesting. It is a X-FILES combo and an BLOWUP: A photographer takes a crash on the film during the fashion shooting in the country. Immigrants know they were captured on the film and they continue to capture the photographer and model, and then destroy any evidence of their existence in the world. The problem begins when the style meets someone on the latest photographers (this is done before separation). One takes some bad and leaves, as well as strangers who do not know the values ​​of missing. The whole story is about this person who wants to know more about visitors and a secret spy group that they want to get banned. Most of the stations near the controversial political complex, in spy vs spy range. The feature of UFO's story is almost not necessary and can be easily converted to any cold battle of McGuffin. But as lighter as EYES enter the STARS is, it resembles X-FILES LOT! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie. However, the best thing in EBTS is POV shots, which are attractive and effective. But others are almost completely forgetful, including visitors looking goofy. Though I have been negative about this film, I know it yet. I remember the successful advertising campaign that I feared when I saw it as a child. And I have that video. The film would be too great if it was done well. Oh well ...
