Creep is a story of Kate (Potente), a mixture of bourgeois who finds themselves in some way to sleep through the noise of the last underground train, and wake up to find himself locked on the tube station. After contacting his colleague and being a defendant Guy on a secret train that runs after the closed lines, things go awry and he finds himself being monitored by what is happening under the city's road. His story is related to that of George (Blackwood), an old man who worked in the sewage system; they meet in the last third of the film, bringing together their experiments to avoid the monster that follows. <br /> <br /> They both pass through a set of places where it is impossible; from the Tube station, they live in sewage works before getting in some form of underground surgery. Most parts of Tube do not have toilets, so how one has surgery is more than me. Typically, the film deserves to say that surgery has no good water. However it has electricity? It is one of many variations that work against the atmosphere of daily faith that the film tries to create. <br /> <br /> The village itself is a problem. There is a complete lack of thinking in his actions, just being killed for no apparent reason. And of course it continues to be alive for the real reason, maybe just so they can finally avoid and give a 15-minute film or time to run. I understand that the nature of nature should be horrible, but the film tries to describe itself through a picture of a doctor and his son, and a few shots of children with children, and yes, it's like fatigue and pathetic if it sounds. It also fails to define how long underground creatures have lost their ability to speak, just talk to the raptor, but not long enough for their short pair to decay. Hmm. This doctor's business is leading to an area where the film's most experimental film is embarking on your memory, and when it is gory and worrying look, not enough. The third part of the film focuses on the emotional relationship that has never existed, and the participants break and restore for a little or no reason. George is declining, he can not cope with anything despite saying that he wants to run in order to see him again his daughter, and Kate becomes a violent moment after going to pieces on someone who has moved him off on a trip. Yes. <br /> <br /> After starting as "this may happen to anyone" movie, it quickly falls when it starts with ideas that make it more and more fiction. The complete lack of emotional interest for the perpetrators and the lack of doubt makes this escape.
