Named Changer. Node's Picker is a well-built story about a man named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who "loves young". It is impossible to interact with the girls she enters into the tramp who teaches chant special Vietnamese. This "Chant" involves calling the film 'London Bridge is falling down' as it strikes as a seizure player. However, Ugly Joe tries and hey presto! She is now a girl. He really needs to be a young boy to attract girls. But don't let talking about ethics here - this film was made in 1983 and released in 1993, in a better world should not be released. <br /> <br /> The Film Store mentioned this huke of fear as "hitting mind, ham gave them a story to tell". Its worse than that. The Node Picker takes the biscuit, in fact the whole of the god-damn jar. The discussion based on the text made by brain-brain executives, a tactical and predictable methodology. When things could not lose the story it goes away with its own tangent. For example, Joe decides to kill girls by changing them into it. But I thought he wanted to be around them? It does not matter to be a murderer Joe also returns to be a pastor and eats some of his victims, which had only about 3-4. <br /> <br /> Exhibition of this awesome movie involves Joe picking up a hooker (Steven Andrews) then taking him back "back" to his house. What happens next that says faith ... Joe returns back into man, but also gets a hooker is a man. What does he do? In fact, in the style of benny Hill-esquire, he dismisses his "close" to an apartment with a group of dirty squirty just going on a trip on a blow doll. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge thought. At least this area struck a way at an infinite time. This involved a male businessman reporting the incident to a police officer with an angry head and a 2-bit dragon dragon. The hilarious task must be seen. Especially the hooker is not able to say "dildo" with its "satisfied" needs. You know the worst of the film when the DVD trailers were more interesting. Typically, I'd like to move forward with good bits, just didn't have any here. The process of main action involves Joe just to beat his victims regularly. Forget the rapid cuts, Matthews uses fadeouts (one at the time of decoration) to reduce any kind of doubts that may be ready. One girl with no answers to the chosen fingers is laughable. Usually I would enjoy the words "not" but in this case they were away from the blessing. The worst horror of movies. The whole movie felt like an unimportant part of the Midsummer killers, just under entertainment. I would like to see the cut version. To conclude, the Nodi picker is something that has not been identified most since I've seen 5 O 'Clock Show of Richard Hammond. The evil performances were made worse by the sound of strong voice and dubbing bad. Do not show the box label, this is not a cult worship unless it is suitable for the use-shitty-horror-dvds-for-coffee-coasters. Which I think it makes. Uninstalling up to 30 minutes away from this abolition.
