Sometimes the film comes together that is unique. Node's Picker is the same film, Nozi Picker is like no other film I saw, unfortunately for the Picker of Marriage & I am unique because it is different than what the filmmakers had originally intended. Read on & all will be clear to be clear ... Picker of Nost, as it is common to know though looks apparently under the head changer, begins with some shots shots of the US city somewhere, road & factory type of object, like credit opening opening. When Nozi's Picker starts well, the viewer, is brought to a true person named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who is 40 years old, lives alone in a small apartment that looks on TV, eats a diet of dog food & listening The voice of the old vinyl as he play with the blow on the ball sex doll. Joe loves the girls of the boy, has a wide range of porn but enjoys something real even more. However, that the bad guy Joe cannot try any young women to go with him, or do anything else with him for that. On a beautiful day, the former Vietnam home pastor (Horace Grimm) sees pain and pain that Joe should go through (actually sees Joe being spoken by the girl's emotional fights) and decides to help her. He tells Joe about the turbulence he learned from the 'gooks' in Vietnam which will lead to the appearance of Joe in whatever he likes. A process calls morphosynthesis, but at the same time warns Joe that 'makes you mad if you do so much'. That night Joe decides to try a test, a public place on the podium for some reason. Joe says a few words, he makes a lot of deception and starts to start. Joe has completed the ringing London Bridge is falling down, listening, but I don't do that. At first Joe seems to be desperate when there is no important thing happening. To comfort yourself Joe tries to buy sex porn but is surprised when the clerk (Kevin Devoy) refuses to sell to the little girl. Joe, a sharp spark that he is, realizes what happened & speaks of his way of removing it by claiming his father has sent him to buy. Joe, who now calls Yosege-ego Josephine (Ann Flood), feels the possibilities & direct headings to secondary school. Joe is a friend of four-year-old girls, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) and Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro) during her hiding, oh & Joe can be The school student only to ask the teacher of Miss Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis). For the first time Joe seems to have nothing to do with him, he just loves you around girls' centers and things like that. But things will soon change if Joe kills Brenda cruelly. Jennifer's father, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner) is a detective along with his girlfriend Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) & Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden) a doctor specialist decides to seize sicko who is involved in killing his girlfriends, but they will succeed before Joe beat again ? The IMDb Picker list of Nozi is correct, I watched it hours ago and clearly states that it is headed by Mark Nowicki who was also a producer of cooperation and certainly not Patrick J. Matthews who was known as the producer and movie cinema, not that it makes very much and I'd have that now Nowkiki would be more fun for Matthews to take 'credit' to make this piece. No one involved in the decision of the Noicker Picker should be allowed to go anywhere near the camera again, forever. Nozi's picker is one of the worst films I have ever seen, and it says something. It is quite awesome in every possible way. The script of Steven Hodge is angry, no story structure, excitement, tension, drama, character development and things that are taking place are so mental numbingly silent. The plot equipment and sequence of events in the Picker of Nozi is quite unknown. The area where Joe sees this (Steven Andrews) is really a man and Joe starts to chase him away from his home with two squirting dildo is just a jaw drop stuff. The following event after the report was given to the police was written in craft and I was laughing for the conversation. I hated the end too, not only could be predictable but it left the door open for a certain series, I am proud of the thought only! At the technical level Picker of Nodi is bad, sure to send pictures of hope, music and legitimate music, forgetting places, not planned (Brenda is killed in the kitchen yet his blood flows on the TV screen which was open in the opposite room), some of the worst job I am sitting with special impeccable effects that include tiny fingers, grinding throat & quick area where Joe eats meat. It does not surprise that staff and employees who worked on the Nozi Picker do not have any IMDb credit for anything before or after. Even for 76 minutes the odd Picker of Nodi is far and long and can not sit. I could go on and always on how bad Nozi painter is, I could. One thing I can't work out completely is this all deliberately with filmmakers? The Node's Picker is really a unique, unique film in the absence of lack of ability. In the case of Picker Ndofu I hope it is still unique, after saying that it is still not the worst film I ever seen but is really approaching. Certainly one to avoid.
