"Fishing" is more likely, the shame, "sadness" that I have ever seen. Acting is a crime, a practical trend is not available, and special effects can be linked to removing the monkey and learning problems on a computer. <br /> <br /> Besides me from deleting creativity, but I really believe things like this shouldn't be done. I am sure that the "film" manufacturers will say that, yes, "the film" was reduced by a low budget (if no) - but in that case should not be worried. As it is, they have given the world a strange thing, so it does, just because the imbeciles can find a shadow shadow of enjoyment from. Starting "movie" was not like I was expecting "Kane's Men" or nothing. I expected a little lower budget and there may be innovation, fun, and even energy. What I got is the same as the fabric movie used. <br /> <br /> The program? Well, our powerful anti-psychologist, who works at his parents' floor, seems to convince the goo cup. It seems, high-level science is the final result of years of research. His parents then take him to the area of ​​a wonderful rural hotel to relax. There are some people there, who are very bad to write about. However, a scientist reduces his test bottle on a certain mushroom - and soon mushrooms tend to kill other people. (Wow, I'm just busy writing a summary of the plot). Our heroes save the day by detonating the barrel of balsamic vinegar (by connecting "fuse" - actually a piece of string - to). The barrel rises with the power of small nuclear weapons, destroying all the mushrooms. Finally. (Thank you goodness). This summary is as good as "film" gets (and actually makes it more interesting than it really is). In fact it should never pass this development step (which I mean a plot of scribbled plot behind the envelope and crayons). Someone should be in and give someone to shake with power and say "NO." <br /> <br /> With these "special" results. Well, they are "special" well. This is CGI has gone crazy. And done by someone who I can just assume believes a bicycle pump becomes a priority of modern technology. And when the monsters of mushrooms are not in the style of the 1984 home film, they are represented by the binding actors together on paper (I am not a child). One of the things that are not trusted about the movie is its laziness. This can be attributed to the area where the hero blows the gun (Clint Eastwood) and then fails to find it in his pockets. I mean coming, a couple of times and he could remove it, but just leave it as it really - actually weak. I can't believe the money spent on this rubbish. "Movies" - builders should blow their heads in disgrace and be banned from within 50 meters of films. I also think it's wrong that friends and family of makers come to IMDb and after a pleasant review and give high ratings to users who provide an incorrect image of "movie." "Suicide" is a great influence on film making. Mr Wascavage is either very, very stupid or very, very much.
