The character of Tarzan has been subject to many clichés, and many bad interpretations, that those who expect different types of version (people like me, I mean, who liked the books Tarzan as a child and always desired the film version that followed the little books) you should know how Recent instructions are closed. Other IMD posts refer to this step, but here's my $ .02 <br /> <br /> I know only two pictures of 'em-cinema' of Tarzan, namely Greystoke and Christopher Lambert and animated Disney version, which tries to show character Edgar Rice Burrough is a very interesting (son of a good-looking English couple, took after their death with a tribe of male children who raises as one of them, and who becomes "master of the jungle" because of his human mind before return to England and claim his other identity instead of the ordinary man of the jungle of Hollywood whose origin is still unknown and its symbols are popular with his voice, his amazing ability to speak English well as well as long people who know the language , his walk of vines, his strength, courage, etc.. About the only thing these two characters resemble the name Tarzan and the fact that both have a wife named Jane. Ron Ely's television version is a compromise: As the character of Burroughs, he speaks good English and is good and is emerging in all cultures for a kind of way JamesBondish, but he's not Lord Greystoke and no Jane. Well, this film is in three types of Tarzan films, and I hope it is still the same category because it's bad. This community uses behavior like a car, everything, smooth soft. Jane, who played with the bad actor Bo Derek, is in Africa looking for a lost father who is struggling with a jungle looking for something that has not been identified. Although his father should have been lost for a long time, he sees him without effort. Richard Harris as a father is the best thing here; he sees the film's stupidity and is so happy with hamming in a way that reminds me of the love of Peter O'Toole in Pussycat What. The father tells the story of Tarzan ("some sort of spiritual or spirit" says - either stealing, or attempting to pray to King Kong) for his daughter, who is not known to this man at this time. Shortly thereafter, we hear a great shade of Tarzan's voice. The father dies, which should not be too much for his dedicated daughter. And then ..... <br /> <br /> Then Tarzan looks, but does not say anything. In fact, he did not say anything during the entire film. He and Jane fall in love, and almost cripples put on anything as he says doggerel love-poems on-screen. Finally. That's a plot. Well, it's not right; there is also the area where Tarzan fights without the thought of the rains of rain - unusual, because it is the only one who has ever seen. Jane gets a bite with the help of a chimp who helps to get rid of the garment that you wear to tie the wound and (I don't do it!), And this is just one of the many reasons to pick her clothes off. <br /> <br /> I would like to complete the review by saying something positive, but this time it is difficult. Let's see ... well, it is a right to despise this film by linking the orangutan, although we all recognize orangutans do not live in Africa; after all, the old Tarzan movies used by Indian elephants, did they not? Also, you agree that Bo Derek is good with the face and form. (But for that reason, why does hell not work as an example of art? What does it say about the film when it looks very good to look at a beautiful woman? Surely I have not decided whether it is positive or negative that did not show her hip.) But now I know: I can, I can't finish a positive note. See this film as a bad buff of the film. I am outa here.
