Bo Derek can work without letting her late husband, John, take as her director. It is a real shame, not true, and the right direction and the right place (see "10"), Bo was the same. He can't win any prize even with his ability, but it is not worse than most actor who has made it big in 15 years or so depending on it alone. But in it put the problem, John was determined to plant a wave that Bo created and his appearance in 10, of Bo being "perfect 10," "the most bright woman in the United States," "the sex symbol of the 1980s". The problem is, in John's hands, this wave dropped by a thud visible for just a few years. Maybe he knew his shortcomings as an actor, perhaps that's why he made movies for him that has accumulated his body, not his acting skills. But it was the old real fast. It doesn't help anything that John and Bo Derek movies are (let's be honest) really, very bad. And the worst chaos on taking them on the icon of Edgar Rice Burrough's literature, Lord of Jungle, Tarzan's Apes. Do you know it's worse? This film is boring! Make me laugh, give me a cry, don't enter it. Without Bo's extraordinary performances and statistics can attract any interest, and that's the closest movie. Richard Harris (God blesses himself, he and Bo were previously in Orca btw) eliminates and makes its scenes a little bit interesting and Miles O'Keefe makes Tarzan physically attractive. Maybe he got to laugh at last, after being beaten with tons of toxins from critics on this film, Miles continued to work as a B icon icon, in films that are not a good art, but a million times more fun than this. But more than that, it is Bo's body, and you can see many times before you desire something else to go with. Tarzan Man of Ape has nothing else. John Derek was a real actor, he was not a director. He should be sitting with his power. This film is being expedited at a slow pace of speed and nothing happens in practical events. The Tarzan of Burrough was all over the excitement and wanted to be completed (who did not want to be as agile, strong and beautiful as Lord Greystoke?) And happy! You have nothing here. See, and you will have lost 107 minutes of your life. For the second concept, you can come up with a valuable lesson, how not to handle the work of someone's movie. The Derek is the same in my book however. He stood with John to his death day, has a real love for animals and nature and even looked back and amazed his time in the watch. He has also proved that he is not a dumb blonde most want to make him out. If he could live in Tarzan and Bolero, he could survive anything. Then come back to Bo, it's all forgiven. <br /> <br /> And as an aside, Steve Strong who plays with a bad player Steve Strong who works for a short time?
