Certainly one of the most popular people in the history of the film - especially from the promise of the line, "The most beautiful woman of our time in the most modern adventure of all time", even is not used properly! Although this film was frequently displayed on television on my neck of the wood since childhood, it is not very important (because of the undefined content, mind-minded) is far away so far - and I just returned it because I have recently enjoyed Bo Derek's original film, 10 (1979), and have been looking at many fantasy items with the Christmas season. Leader / producer Bo Derek is wise with sexually innocent girls (testimonials of an inept piece of bananas) and, as expected, has been made to find his clothes a few times but, as welcome as events that was, he come out more than 10 he does here; Richard Harris, then stirring a strange atmosphere for his father as a Jane's investigator, but John Philip Law registers small as his assistant who gently shows first interest to himself; Player Miles O'Keeffe is responsible for the head and only makes his 45 minutes of intervention in the film, quietly except for his famous yodel (which is likely brought from Johnny Weissmuller however!) And, moreover, is like an inexpressive as one of the trees he disappears from time to time in the second half of the film! for a record, later made a star in two movies of ATOR (or will be-be CONAN imitators) to Joe D'Amato and put it at the time of King Arthur, SWORD OF THE VALIANT (1984). actor, director John Derek (who also plays his own movies here) had worked with the best actors (Cecil B. De Mille, William Dieterle and Robert Rossen) and very few (Otto Preminger, Nicholas Ray and Don Siegel) but clearly learned The silk from them as its guide to this is a great liability: to occasionally occasionally (to witness a series of shock python assault sequence) and overuse the sense of slow motion motion and cheesy change; this was the seventh film of Derek as the director (and his fourth and his wife Bo) and, finally, could do more than two. The total failure of the film requires only the observation of the fact that Tarzan's story was once again sent to the film - in FIRST: LEGEND OF TARZAN, Lord of APES (which, surprisingly enough, I have not yet looked at) - just three years later! He was selected for six Razzie awards (including John Derek, Richard Harris and Miles O'Keeffe) and won one for Bo Derek himself, TARZAN, APE MAN was written by Gary Goddard, future prospective director but later to give us a screens of the modern figure (this animation) of the hero, MASTER of UNIVERSE (1987) which I will review again (yay)! In spite of the impressive lending sequence that shows Tarzan and Jane playing and close to an orang-utan with a color mark that is not half bad in fact and waking up sometimes, any good motive has been missed by the very high level of fraud that involves the local inhabitants. drawing Bo totally white and, fat, John Derek's clear disinterest in Tarzan's own character which makes him come as a useful character to help in his self-titled movie!
