It is a great tragedy that Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But that should not be blind to anyone in the fact that in 1981, bad damage is seen in all men's CVs. Of course John Derek was created with this film for his wife what 'Some Like Like Fire' and 'Million Years BC' performed by Maryln Monroe and Raquel Welsh respectively, creating a romantic sex mark for a new decade. After escaping Dudley Moore on the shore in '10' Bo, all the stars hit by the cinema in Sri Lanka meant that nothing could be lost. Alas, as they say, the program workers and God laughs. It is said that when the film was planned in 1981, the property of Edgar Rice Burrows attempted to take legal action against it. Bo Derek plays with Jane Parker who sets off in the African century to reunite with her father, Father Wedding, Richard Harris. Daddy Parker is a researcher who has decided to find the 'Great Inland Sea' is the story of the inner story, whose life has been filled with slow and common wisdom. Harris is worth looking for a wonderful hammy, a turkey-performance performance which includes singing singing in Ireland in Indian elephants that somehow found the African way (did it at the same time as Orang-Utan from Sumatra ???). although Jane says contempt of Parker, Bo and Rich's relationship is a wonderful testimony, the testimony perhaps for the effects of tropical heat. However, soon, local stories start around on 'Ape White White' and Jane hears the popular yodel. This is a film player for Miles O'Keefe, the future star of B-Movie, and making the start of an amazing start as the Lord of the jungle wearing. Unlike Johnny Weismuller and English pidgin or Ron Ely who speaks the language well, O'Keefe Tarzan is dumb. From some Bo and Richie talks, however, this is probably not a bad thing. Harris and his caravan eventually reach the Great Sea of ​​Inland, located in a large array that appears to run half across Africa .... depend on, not the sea, lakes and other areas of water generally located in the lower areas? Never, it is just one of the worst problems in the world of John Derek. The experiments of rock-climbing staff and when the rope is over, Harris laments using abuse for innocent men who have been reduced to their deaths. At times, Jane decides to take half of the swimming pool with the Inland Sea, giving another chance to see improper weaknesses. From a single male lion is seen. Now the lion goes to travel in the prides and never go near the beaches but later, Tarzan will deal with (formed) boa constrictor. Zoology does not seem to be one of the most severe points of John Derek ..... This is the Tarzan movie, Jane is proud of the Jungle Lord and decides to take her daughter. But after seeing u close to some of these condoms, you need to ask yourself ... Speaking about it, not just Edgar Rice Burroughs property that can be charged. It is very likely that some of the heroes were on the phone for their lawyers: chimps here causes Cheeta wrong. Especially when they do things ridiculous as trips to the elephant's feet and hitting hands when Tarzan and Jane finally get! At the end of this film has Bo and Harris were captured by some unavoidable cannibals who beat our heroine and prepare to offer / eat / make up. Suffice it to say that Ape's Big Wood finds his girl and * SPOILER * Harris is stumbling on a big elephant button! This does not prevent Parker who died without giving a flight to Jane. As far as I knew, the law of the property of Burrows of Rice has never been made but 'Tarzan Ape Man' was crucified on the box office (had no weakness?) A pity. John Derek could direct 'Tarzan Ape Man 2' to Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe living in the inner joys with Dudley Moore as 'Boy'.
