How this film ran from MST3K I never knew it. "Gymkata" is a movie of ignorance, filled (or is empty?) And beautiful paper plots, dumb characters, and obsolete situations. But take it from me, if you like to enjoy the poor, still going, the movie, you will enjoy the "Gymkata" great deal. <br /> <br /> Operating centers close to gym practice that are selected by government agents (at least I think they were government agents) to be spy. You see his father was another government agent, who has gone to compete in this game, called, effectively, "The Game." So a sports player (played by master and Kurt Thomas) training to compete in this game and find out what happened to his lost father. <br /> <br /> A promising voice is not? Okay, so it's not yet, but still, that the bones full of sypnopsis plot does not begin to describe the joy of this movie. They can be found in the amazing details of the film. As an incredible actress of Asia, who does not talk for the first half of the movie, then suddenly begins to talk, and does not close for all time! Or the hardest person who doesn't have a bad shirt who likes to do and break the rules of "Game" does not exist at any time. And in fact there is our delightful romp hero through the "Village of The Crazies" (Obviously it is the real name of the place!). A good place to visit, but I don't want to live there. But where this movie shines is practical events. Since our protagonist is a training trainer, the director thought it was wise to be connected to the gym equipment in the backyards and the urban centers of the Middle East city, so that our master Gymital would be more able to use his gym skills. The fight against the evil epidemic by parallel bars and the pummel horse. It should appear reliable. One of the most interesting things to remember. Many, I would like to say about half of the cast, dies from the blows of the arrow. It is interesting because the arrows are just a reliable effect or action in the entire movie. If these are harmful, my positive comments of thanks to anyone who made these real arrows. More likely, this was a way of filming extra exhaust. However, "Gymkata" is worth checking if you see without paying and are looking for some silliness which is the simplest goal of fighting. <br /> <br />
