... and in any way * pure, understandable, and understandable as shown in the total pathetic of the image of Hollywood. I am 27 years old, and I have spent my 16 years struggling through a phobia fraud and a paranoid reminder. As the main character in the film, I succeeded mainly because of the logic: because I kept thinking constantly to continue being deceived away from the truth, and to know what was going on and what was not. In the end, I had a real success because of the medication, by the way, but I actually avoided madness because I knew before taking a different medicine between what was real and what was not. So, I feel right to tell you that this film is a total fraud. It's not just cheating and the story of the main character (who was not faithful to his wife, who had sex - something very important here), but to a large extent, it depicts a positive, centered view of schizophrenia - which is not quite sure. <br /> <br /> Schizophrenia is a mental structure, not a disease. Schizophrenic * is not a “normal person with an illness”, it is a person who comes from the top of the opinion and feels different things from many people: for him, things like time, space, and people's behavior are not strong things. He feels can be bent, can change, can change, and maybe even disappear. To combat this, schizophrenic has a rich, highly thoughtful world that "ordinary" people did not wait - but has been included in it because it is not able to communicate with many people, and its world becomes poor and poor until the end, delusive end of the end . This is very different from what is shown in this "folk remedies", tears of tears. It should be terrified. More people than the main character should appear to be wonderful, wonderful and sad, such as "Eraserhead" of Lynch, for example. There should * true * wonderful, wonderful, the general hall, because that's what schizophrenia is about all. It's not about * details *. It means, see "Food Food Food", "Lost Highway", read P.K. Dick's "Martian Time-Split" or "Ubik", Get "Cell", "Perfect Blue", "Dark City", or play "American McGee's Alice" on the PC, and you can have an idea of ​​what it's like. Don't watch the "good feel" film of the month, and the banning conditions, are made by characters and pictures, and stupid stupid ways. "Cell" is the most accurate movie about schizophrenic intelligence, its vision and its internal cooperation - it's violent, powerful, uncomfortable, and very, very scary. Once again, Schizophrenia is not about the details, not the neat, the appetite has attracted you. It jumps over your face and will not let you go: the walls fall apart, people turn into strange enemies, you feel like you are going back for a while, you don't know who you think you are, everything feels. .. strange, odd. I don't believe, this is much more than that shown on this melodrama as soda
