Like many people, I was fascinated to buy this film because of the pictures of Bolo Yeung's powerful impressions on the box, and the concept (from the previous pictures and the film's headline) that this film is about the Animal from East Kickin for 90 minutes. However, for my termination, the Chinese Hercules are Bolo Yeung which no Retreat No Surrender was for Jean Claude Van Damme and Tiger Fearless was ... erm, Bolo Yeung - a great impact on the video box, a minimum of real screens ! Oh well! <br /> <br /> The story of the story is a good element of the foundation, but it had done well - the peace of the kung fu fighter (played by Chen Hui Min) wound accidentally man and promise never to fight again. He then works as an employee on a pier where he shares his co-workers with his heavy bag to raise the capacity, and causes them to be a suspect as a fighter (who do not know how it works but never does). At the same time, the miner of the miner is working with sticks, giving them special use of wound. As a result, workers are thrown out of the ear and forced to live on the shore, where they unite against their boss, the gangster master, and his pastor Bolo Yeung. <br /> <br /> When the film was quite visible (especially for waiting for the second view of Bolo), I had a few problems with it - first, dubbing bad, but of course it is provided in old kung fu movies. But, also, the film was a refreshment between various fighting events. And for the events of fighting themselves, I have seen them standing, largely choreographed (apparently by Jackie Chan!), Bad shot and sometimes used by people who didn't seem to have military capabilities .... In fact, a lot of struggle in This film did not 'fight' completely, just people are beaten without giving any resistance! Finally, the hero - played by Chen Hui Min. I have never seen any other film with this person, but of course I was reaping it. Not only did he look wimpy and during tears all the time, but I have seen his emphasis on not fighting! I understood his thoughts, but he could save many people a lot of pain if he had done earlier what we all knew was gonna do finally, and fight! The main secret is why this whole community of people was strengthening their hope for a young man who had never seen a war! True, the great grace of saving in this film was the presence of Bolo Yeung. Not just as big and brutal as it was, he has beautiful, wonderful lines and provides some of the master's class how to fight on the film. The boy has a face of the screen and you can easily see how he was a star. This punishes life from me, but I'm sure I was not the only person who watched this film who was stealing to Bolo through the last fight! <br /> <br /> All at all, the movie under the average kung-fu brought several great notches due to you-who knows who. I've never met someone who didn't think Bolo Yeung was good. Man's story!
