I like to film for a minute. First, a man wanted to "confirmation" about Clinton's comments in Georgetown, where he claimed that the United States "deserved" 9-11 attacks. Well, here's what Clinton said: When it was in the first battle, when the Christian soldiers had taken Jerusalem, they first wanted the synagogue with 300 Jews in it and killed every woman and child who was a Muslim in the Temple of the Mountain. I can't tell you that the story is still told today in the Middle East and is still paying for it. ”<br /> <br /> is still paying for it? Whaddya means “we”, paleface? Marines had no storm of the Temple Mount. But in fact, Clinton never came out and said gently that "we deserve" 9-11. As all his information during his presidency, he demonstrated that we deserved 9-11. Just say "The Truth" A, B, C, and maybe D, and let the audience confirm that it should add up to the X. conclusion. While in fact, most Clinton "Things" added up to guacamole. <br /> <br> But that's the point. We're here to speak movies, not politics. Unfortunately, when Oliver "Pastor of the Cup" stone makes a film, you can not avoid his beaten politics. It was a matter of time before focusing on his paranoia and bitterness on Era Reagan, and when it was better than when the real stone stone of the Stone, the day of Reagan almost bought the field. Can not find any nefarious squares or projects in an attempt to kill Hinckley's, he invented one with Al Haig. From a simple misunderstanding of the constitutional mandate of the Constitution, Haig is transformed from a civil servant who really should be brushed on his remedial civics in a hedge of ruins. You almost expect Haig to rub her hands together as Montgomery Burns and tell Cap Weinberger and "Give Hounds." The stone even employs the most beautiful person in Hollywood to play the former Secretary of State, Richard Dreyfuss. The boy likes to love him first. Overall, movies are the same. Average, the average increase below. Don't bother renting or buying. Try to catch on the cable. 4 out of 10.
