I attended one of the nights last night and had the following views: ume The movie had an overabundance of reduced shots that did not mind, bad angles, and bad lighting. Editing did not help with this mess altogether. When "Dixie" shows at the end of a reminder service his mother says about his hand but not known what he is talking about. <br /> 2. The plan had a promise, but the script was thin and full of the hollow Ford truck. We cannot understand what leads the characters, what exactly is behind the conflicts that they all have and especially how they change them. Sixteen years of distance is to delete in 4 days it seems to magic. The deep dialogue had been destroyed by the clichés of stupid. (In fact, the whole city was one example of southern life.) Half of the audience cried when Toby stirred "The got bloodin runnin through your nerve gurl" ... and we were given on a stupid line not once, but TWICE! The revelations had been beaten, and the major decisions were used "I was stupid and stubborn." <br /> <br /> 3. Acting was similar to watching the collapse of the script they had to work with. Toby was dark and attracted many films, but when he screamed and raised he was attractive. It was a shame she had no more time of such screens. Kelly Preston's acting chops are pretty rusty and shows. Lindsay Haun is a talented and certainly not his fault the authors made his behavior so it is not the same as the beginning that you don't blame his father because he hasn't come to look for him. Burt Reynolds and Tess Harper were able to do more than this film but still seemed more lost. (And in fact, their characters lose this film!) <br /> <br /> 4. If you are a fan of Toby you will love songs. But often the movie felt like the area had to be just so that they could mention one of its songs - or artists on their record label. For example, the song of love film is "Crash Here Tonight". You would like to think that it could play around the tender tender area, but not ... we hear about 45 seconds of it while going to memory service. It was as they said "well, we should use this song somewhere". The song "Broken" is haunting and the best thing to get out of this movie. Overall ... The commitment of the promise has not been fully developed and the movie is so bad as it struggles to be a car for Toby Keith's music and the placement of goods for Ford cars. It comes from being about to rebuild small bridges in order to try to be on musical power but stories are told so badly that both points are missing in this planned music video. I love Toby and I have been very much like "Bridges" but the people he counted to make this film will allow him to deserve one of his famous boots you know where.
