The 1970s television production held by Susannah York and George C. Scott is another evidence of how difficult it is to adopt "Jane Eyre" on the screen, and how much it can do wrong in doing so. It is true that the film is subject to the transfer of DVD - some of the events that had been completed in the beginning were shortened by the worst that there are persistent deficiencies and that even one important part between Jane and Rochester begins in the middle of the sentence! But even if the editorial was better, the film will not be. Script is bad, displayed to characters is not true for novel and almost all actors are caused. As one result they have no sense of looking at the state of the novel Charlotte Brontë at all. The problem is not only that many images are shortened or omitted - this is the case with all short changes - but that the remaining events will not get sound, spirit, atmosphere and novel of the novel. <br /> <br /> This Jane Eyre for instance actually leaves Gateshead and begins with Jane's arrival in Lowood. Although this is exactly the same, since some of the events must be left out, it is not clear that, instead of using the time available (by speaking) and showing the friendship of Jane and Helen, influence Helen has for Jane's development, a speech to strengthen Christian where he teaches, the film is only about Helen's physical therapy, which is dominated by strange things in this situation. What Helen needs to suffer is as bad as described in the novel, but here Miss Scatchard is shown as a form of prison prison prison, who deliberately wants to evict Helen for premature death. And this is about all that happens to Lowood. If you compare it with the great impact that years used in Lowood and Jane in the novel, one can only say with sad that the movie doesn't even touch the face of a certain part in Jane's life. And this is a problem in this situation: It runs from area to area, often without change, and anywhere comes near the essence of the novel. The discussion is an unfamiliar mix of the line of lines and lines from the novel, with very close cohesion, and events between Jane and Rochester have been shortened that they all share just 5 minutes on the screen before the fall of love, and a little conversation that had no beauty. , the power and humor of dialogue between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the author is not just the one who did the right to Brontë but in addition he could destroy his values ​​and just one sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to see Rochester's wife after the wedding will be, Rochester says: "Yet I love her (wife) if I love you now." The whole concept of novelism is based on the fact that Rochester is a innocent victim of a romantic plan and was married to a mad woman who has never loved it, and that her efforts to find a true companion of life are, if not made by God's law and man, but understandable and forgiven! But this same judgment has completely undermined the concept of Brontë's ideology which was carefully designed and returns to Rochester as an old man who wants a new wife because of his old age no longer uses it. <br /> <br /> From errors about the script for errors about giving us: Now I am not one of those who stand on the similarities between the actor and the literary figure that shows, but by stretching no thought is possible to photograph beautiful, blonde , blue Susannah York saturated with full-mouthed as a clear heroine of novel. In addition, Ms York was in three years when the film was hit and watched. She played with him, a shy, knowledgeable and skilled woman, Jane becomes a wise, intelligent and mature woman, sure of herself and her desert. I will not say that Susannah York is not good enough to persuade but a woman not showing Brontë's Jane Eyre. Giving George C. Scott as Rochester should be encouraged by the desire to have Rochester who appeared old enough to make 18 years old between Jane and Rochester plausible. Scott looked like he was close to 50 but he does various events like that was 70. <br /> To congratulate the "maturity" of the leading administrators of every passion, disappointment and despair appears to be closed for the purpose of the script. The area between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the emotional peak of the novel, has been a quiet, sensible conversation between two middle-aged men, at the end of Rochester sleep. When Jane returns to her last place, she is happy as a grandfather who has earned a home for her old and grandchildren. The only characteristic that shows a good amount of emotion is St.. John, of all people. Ian Bannen shows him eagerly and his passion for Jane's love is so touching that someone gets the impression that Bannen was an example of St. John on Rochester's novel. But though Bannen is, St. John's is far from a novel like Rochester's Jane and Scott's Rochester. The only complicated features of the sadness "Jane Eyre" are places and symbols, and I would only suggest this production for those who want to look and compare all of "Jane Eyre".
