I saw this movie on the Rotterdam film (jan '06) and follow the discussions between the director and the public later. Many people were surprised and protested. He will get many negative candidates. But: the world is cruel like this, and it's not funny. People do not like. That itself does not mean that the movie is bad. I can see that difference. Don't miss a messenger who shows us the world out of our 'hubble'! However I think this is a bad movie. Film-reviews are good. Good shots and script, the most suitable music suitable, chief executives. The director pretends to make a psychological film, - however, psychology is poor. Explaining violent violence itself is not art. Art will be a good explanation of the psychological process behind the violence. How does a shy boy come to such cruelty? The director pretends to explain that, - but it's not good for it. The director used several times the word 'selfish' of people, saying for example a teacher. Only: this teacher is not selfish, - just a person in several roles, caring for his students, and worried about his script. I think it's easy to call him selfish. The sky in the village is creepy, and the mother made a wrong mistake ('you big me then less ??') but it doesn't be reliable for me, that caused súch a lot of pain, that a shy boy comes to those terrible things. In fact, the truth is much harder than the way, this film describes? and requires more information. The interesting thing will be: what does it do? Explain this procedure to me, so that we understand. <br /> <br /> With the words written at the end, the director said that he explains the alternatives to life. It was greater, and it proved to me that the director and writer are bad psychologists, promoting black / white-thinking. The relationship between violence in the film and community has been confirmed. Use such violence gives them the responsibility to use it properly. There are followers of black / white colors in the world, causing wars and doubts. I hope, this film did not succeed.
