As violent or not always has an effect. In this violent film is on the same as you can apply. In Ecstacy Great director has succeeded in the success of many people who can use violence. But what was it? Violence looks like a mixture of Christmas' Impossible, 'and' Kubrick 'Clockwork Orange' ... which is all amazing films. Do not do wrong, I do not resist the violence at all times and I have seen bad things in my years of film, but this film is generally quite young. The story has not been developed enough to give any reason for extreme violence, a short rizla paper for good reasons given to the death of Robert is its introduction to drugs. Danny Dyer has a characteristic that is associated with Robert's drug-damaging drugs, however he is on the screen for 5 minutes. Lesley Manville is Robert could not cope with the mother, I don't know who among these actors perform in the caliber film this small. Acting is a timber, a kitchen area with a TV producer and his wife for example it is painful to see if it's not more than a finale - who wrote the conversation? Some of the views that boys make ... 'seems to be fun' are so trying to tempt someone to laugh at him if not with Clay's desire to beat us with the wrong image of female female organs. Why we need to be exposed to such an idea for the underlying influence of a young leader and a picture of a proud picture of a proud person. The political theme 'of the film' was often directed to the extent of the events; in the bar, out of the house to cook TV, the war in Iraq reports, perhaps it was very obvious in my opinion. Yes, the war is violence, the decision of the community causes confusion, we are all involved in violent acts of violence if you are in politics or on the road to spread E. Juxtaposing all these things as part of one primary issue is to avoid the fact that is The meaning of violence to man. This issue is one that we have not yet understood and certainly not in this film. My opinion: originally, developed and useless.
