There is only one word of this film. It seems. Director has clear talent but if his character Robert Carmichael gives us all away <br /> <br /> Carmichael has the ability, but if Cray can't have trouble using it. Due to minor crimes and then decline in dirt is a vision of the youth of the UK. If the tabloids of the UK this film shows young people without a will or respect. When you scream with caution, it is never good. I was surprised by the act of violence that Cray chose to push on the faces of the audience. He thinks the listeners don't know the evil of the world. As a piece of graffiti hidden in the toilet wall shows us male and young destruction. <br /> <br /> Other quality characters have a small part in this film. Danny Dyer and Leslie Manville both perform short performances. Acting is otherwise an amateur, young Joe and Ben is a cringe to do. Carmichael played by Daniel Spencer is amazing. Miranda Wilson plays Monica, a beautiful wife of celeb Jonathon (Michael Howe); how he could deal with such a problem is more than faith. The film should not be a trick and Monica is stolen by unrestricted violence which is cut off by war action. Wars are used to describe the idea that young people cannot help themselves, acts of violence will occur in the "civilized" world even. That is true and it is a sign of our changed society where men have an increasingly important role, but Cray comes from the men's barbar level who seeks to open through its use of cruel and powerful images. Female characters in the film do not have any help. They are either the victims or the case of Manville's wet mother. The community is represented as impossible. <br /> <br /> This is the first Cray film. I listened to what he said during the session of Q and the Edinburugh session and not of the intellectual, he had no knowledge and his film opens his naivety. The film should be opened later this year, but I hope that the company will go to the public garden and does not want this kind of dirty equipment.
