I don't know what took you to the movie to watch this film, but a few minutes after I started, I wanted to leave the theater. For some time I was hoping at least the story would surprise me, but then realizing it was wasting time, there was just something there. I just stayed because I had another show later. <br /> <br /> Design: some designs where quite good, especially environment, but the characters were awesome both in terms of animation and design. They look at the best time - on the poster and screenshots, but not when they should live! They did not work, especially because the same mistake similar to many 3D companies makes: technologies are very complicated to create real-quality materials in 3D, which can make you feel that the character is active. You need a lot of effort and skill (so money) to create something that feels like hair, skin, fabric, etc.. The characters in the film were made "fabric", and that didn't work! So they had a bad feeling of the invention of a computer, where the fabric is set or slows like a piece of plastic. It was not just a feel of material, which dolls are made (that is why those characters should be). I think it was a big mistake to choose this style for characters. It was only a sense of a computer game of 3D shoot'n'run. I don't want to go to the movie to have a computer game on my screen, I don't know about you ... <br /> <br /> Animation was also shy. I am a professional animator and I was very disappointed at the low level of animation in "9". It was difficult, interesting, almost any idea or feeling. It was just a little over many 3D animations that I saw, and that doesn't add any good ... And all that - bad habits of bad behavior and bad animation can be solved by good news, right? It wasn't here. In fact the story was the worst thing in the movie. It was less than any standard. It starts straight ahead, goes straight ahead and completes the same. No moving, no surprise, no good conversation, even no progress. We have heard and seen the stories of machines that reach thousands of people and "9" are just one of them, and we know how they are approaching the first minute of the movie. The characters don't even have time to get into the story - they're just there, they seem to be around once, and some of them take action without even knowing what is going on. Didn't work. There is also a process of repeating many steps, which seemed to have been made to fill the time of the lack of stories ... Acting, voice and script - oh my gosh, how can I tell him, was sad. The bad story has a bad script, and unless a conversation like "No, don't do it!" "I'll do it!" "But ... you can't do it alone!" "We can do together!" "But there is a law!" "But we must save him!" etc. etc. and so on, and repeat itself all the time, so instead of these great pathetic talks, there were those who did not "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh", and "Oooh", and "Whatchout", and "Run" ! "and" OhOhh! "which were following almost every jump, run, or collapse of the characters and even looked like they were not syncing or even misunderstanding. /> <br /> Conclusion: bad act, bad animation, bad sound, story bad, bad script, bad characters, everything expected, no surprise, no misleading, nothing.
