I am very difficult to trust Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, two people I LOVE, enrolled in producing this craft. Tim Burton is a good director, but being honest I have lost his interest for a little while since his last movies were remake or change. He made the beauty of the "Dream Before Christmas", which is one that I have watched many times, led by the movies as "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow", which are awesome movies. Bekmambetov explained 3 films that I HAVE: A Night Night, A Day View, and Want. I just saw those three, but they show that he is a surprise director. These two people produce one of the many reasons I was happy to see. 9. So today I went to see in the theater. I was so surprised that I finally noticed. I waited 7 months for the movie to come out. This is the first time I have gone out of the movie related to Tim Burton and said "I enjoyed it almost NONE's". I even felt that feeling. I mean, with him and Bekmambetov in the production leadership you would expect this film to be a good watch. Right now I can still get on how low I had this movie. I have never heard of the original original film before seeing it but now, I can say effectively that this film should remain a short movie. Hell, Neil Blomkamp made the maximum length of AWESOME full of Alive in the Community called District 9, what was difficult to get right about 9? I wanted to consider this movie was amazing. I did the truth. But no, it failed for many levels. The plan was very confused and confused. I had no idea what was going on, forget what it was about. Basically it's about a bunch of robots doll dolls trying to save the world. Well, that's the same as I got from. But writing here is very poor. The entire film is flying around as age 6 and A.D.D. telling you a story. There is this great robot, a huge robot monster which 9 activates, causing damage to things. This is the capital. However, what else is wrong with this movie is that everything comes from now. There were many monster robots, many that do not contain logic behind them. They have any development 0. I mean, that the pterodactyl fly as a monster just rips out of anywhere, we don't know where it comes from Acker just expects us to know what it is. What was more delayed is that a creature like a snake and a crush eyes that despise. I wish you to give this information to someone else loud and expect them to laugh. All 3 people I told about it shouted. Oh and it prevents the victims and puts them into it. ME. NOT. KIDDING. <br /> <br /> From the III Act is the most featured feature of the entire movie. So basically 9 goes back to the room where he got up in, finds this box and hologram from a scientist in it 9, and tells him that a big robot machine is threatening to bring the life of a robot to the world, but bad people use it for war, and was supposed to help protect the world , but the scientist gave his life to 9 so that it would help protect the world. And she only gave her life up to 9. But what about other robots? IS YOUR YOURS TO BE YOURSELF? This is the perfect example of the poor, running. There is only one life that takes something that exists and so 8 others have got it? Characters don't like either. They risk their lives for any reason. The only good character is 7. 6 irritated by "NENDA BACK OF SOURCE !!!!!!" ramblings, 1 is idiot of power, 2 we don't know anything about, 5 continued to bother me with "Are you sure ..." or "Can I here rather than ...?" questions. And the end? UGH. I am glad I am not alone who thinks that the end is a great time for WTF. It does not redeem anything about this turd except for its beautiful animation. Everything looks realistic and beautiful, I would like to look strict and stretch everything. However, beauty can not store a good film. Although it is true that this film looks very good, good is very good, and 9 does not squat. I am sure the Burton fans will come to the theater to see this film of course, in fact their names and Bekmambetov are being played near the promos, people will come to the playground to see this film. I know I can make a big deal without anything, but watching this film makes me realize how much I hate movies and characters that are not like, the plot doesn't have a clean style on content. With this movie is one of these movies.
