First of all, this movie is not a catastrophe. If you have never heard the true news of Gram Parsons then it can seem to be a mix of entertainment. Johnny Knoxville cannot be judged for the sake of his performance as Phil Kaufman - he is good when he looks back and down the earth and can kind of root for everyone with patience. Michael Shannon is a sufficient debt for many reasons, except he is a hippy stone. There are some good humanitarian events - hippy-hearse crashing at the airport hanger door stands out. But this is where things have ended, and we begin to see things that make this film really disturbing. The character of Robert Forster as the real father of Gram is so shy as to give us a taint on the whole film. We all know his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that can certainly be compared to the life of Gram on the edge and the best film manufacturer. To be Forster as his real real father, and not his father of action would be very bad, if not for the trouble Gram was with someone who actually walked to collect his body. It has been suggested that his stepfather had agreed to give Gram's mother and alcohol when he died and that this was offensive to Gram later when he received the news. Also a dispute over the place where the Gram body was buried is undoubtedly a sufficient reason to create a kind father who finds fish up to their meetings, but then enables them to continue the fire. Whatever the truth about the person who Gram was called Parsons from, certainly did not have a similarity to the Forster character here, and it's hard to see why this role is written. Then there is an increase in Christina Applegate as a greedy chick (it is still very good) who wants the Gram body so she can start the money in her property. Her character, and her acting does not exist and someone wonders why the director did not just go to all the pigs and includes a skull area with a chick who plays Kaufman's girlfriend (could not decrease the whole volume). When you think of the links that can be used on a good film about Parsons, the shortcomings of this film are obvious. Country music is transformed by a young, dignified, southern gentleman - who also had long hair, drug addiction, popularity for women and ultimately lost himself. Realistic events like the door crash of hanger and color meetings with friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things we should focus on Kaufman's inputs in the life of Gram. Kaufman is clearly still leaving the form of worship given to what he did (it is actually a small worship). From an interview it is obvious that he is happy with the attention. Remember this is the person who wrote about the genitalia of the naked body of Gram Parsons when he was preparing to put it right. What made is not a great step of loyalty, but doped up the escapade of alcohol. Looking at Knoxville and the director in an interview, a few things become clear too. It is clear that they do not have a real understanding of the life story of Gram, nor do they want to have it. They want a movie to hit about an interesting and crazy event. It was a wonderful life and a wonderful end. That the end is the only thing covered by this film shows how little understanding of Gram Parsons actors was.
