If you are a fan of Gram Parsons of the late then this movie will go to divide you! Part of the comedy, part of the road film, but especially the ugly conversion of the history of the mysterious rock history. IL IL IL IL Gram Parsons who described one of them when they first died (no matter who they are) that another living to take him to death in the desert, the National Park of Joshua in California to be right, and to keep the body shining ... to free the soul and become one and the world, and so on! The point of keeping the most cautious word of Kaufman, with the help of a hostile buddy, with a head of alcohol, wraps the body of Parsons -mhom who had been forced from a prescription and booze bender one day before the airport. And soon after what happens is a suitable mix of lies with the fact where the late Parsons girl, Kaufman's girlfriend, father-face face parsons, and gaggle of police officers and other characters where idiotic all try to hit the clock (so speak) trying to catch Kaufman and his pal before you get the opportunity to stimulate the body of Parsons! <br /> <br /> The negative trends of the film, the worst act, and the worst sound in the whole movie is much faster than Titanic. And not to mention the great fact that this movie is not even worth mentioning of the actual events taking place. Then what should be changed correctly, such as I heard, include: Number 1., Parsons married during his death and even had a child, so what hell was that all about a girl and chasing with whatnot?, Number 2. A friend of Kaufman who had a bad drug was a well-known member (as opposed to what the movie is trying to show) in preparing the body of Parson, and finally 3. The father of Gram Parsons died when he was just a boy, and so was Parson's pastor (who could consider faithfully about Gram Parsons when he was still alive) in a real life that took care of the body after being emptied! However, what is so much about this film is that Phil Kaufman was really ready to support the truth of the story. And yet, the film ended that was not true and so bad that it convinces my mind, indeed! Also, as described earlier in the film deals with the leading behavior, played by Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman) a bright sand, not just a bad actor but looks like they are sleeping in many movies, and others all very lost are part of the worst, those with brain-dead, or seem to have no clueless as they did before! In general, if you like Johnny Knoxville and or actually a friend-bad-their-even-best-love-love then I think you can get a kick of this movie! But, if you're like me and is a fan of Gram Parsons of the late, enjoy the films that try to tell the truth as much as they can if they depend on the real story of real life, or if you like good movies, road shows, or false life , you will love this film and advise others to do it. I really hated this film and I wished it had never been made in the first place, but since it was done I would prefer to be different from what it did, unfortunately! Maybe sometime the real reality of the story will come and be made to be the greatest biopic in the whole life of Gram Parsons ... not just happened to his body after his soul left. But, until then it comes all of us as listeners, or the fans of the late player to get this sad film of all the films and memories of all around the horrible (kind) up to music genres which Gram Parsons were known to have left behind. It should also be noted that they used the music of Parsons, and a few others also in flick, but it is not surprising yet, you will never hear enough to enjoy it at all. (Turkey-Zero Stars)
