From Q&A before and after, this is what I could collect: A Irish boy wants to make a film. No exactly, just any movie. So, one night at the feast, he hears some of the former roadiers tell him a bit of the rock level number; one about how Gram Parsons' dead was stolen from LAX and his loyal ones so that he could respect the wishes of Parsons that would be beaten out in JoshuaTree. Wow! <br /> <br /> What a great idea for the film! Red Rock (well, country), rob the grave, run, friendship, 70 years! I think we can get Johnny Knoxville from "Jackass", because it's kind of prank, right, and Knoxville wants to make "movie" too. Why should he think he had a "Snatch" next to his hand! But this story is not really exciting ... we need something for Knoxville to fight against likelike firefire girlfirend after his money! But Parsons' was married at that time. That's O., no one knows that. Apart from we can find Christina Applegate. But what if the audience does not like the idea of ​​stealing a corpse, we will find his father joining the expulsion, but giving the final permission. But Parsons' father was killed at the age of 10, in fact his orphanage, and a bad childhood, is an important part of Parsons Mythology. Mythology? We do "Movie!" This is solving the problem of creativity. It is an unforgettable experience for anyone even without knowledge or a willing mind. The presence of applicants is twice a jarring. The first character of his character is the bed of Beverly Hills before his time - he can also walk around the entire mobile phone cell phone in his hand, and second, what kind of person would Parsons have ever had in the same kind of harpy? Things are not just misleading or left out, but REVERSED. They could easily have found the villain they wanted in the Parsons STEPfather, who was trying to re-enter the body again in his home state where the law would please him in dividing great inheritance. <br /> <br /> And music, oh, music I like. Music is beaten (the stage of the song here, chorus there), forced background, and ultimately, largely covered with the largest fake Indie band, Starsailor. My girl asked the necessary question, but it is impossible after the movie - was anyone there, author, producers, director, fan of Gram Parson? Okay, no. He never heard of Gram Parsons, but of course, blah blah blah, I learned to love, and here are some factoids I read in bio online. Another boy announced the beauty of Parsons by saying he and Keith Richards appeared on the acid and wrote "Horse Horses" together, a group of truth mixed as a movie. Someone else asked, is it not morally questioned to rewrite the history when many people could only know from this film? He had the real approval of the roadie (he was even placed) and the property of Parsons gave permission, and all the other people who had paid the payment said it was good. But what I asked myself was, and he asked with a trembling voice of the true Parsons geek, if, if the movie was cheap (million), did they not think of the original Gram Parsons fanbase as listeners? The director and the author seemed to think that he had nothing that had no fanbase, although I am skeptical of the Mojo newspaper read, 70 rock music song will agree. But the Brits group did so I think, and they were not worried about the American Cosmic Music, or even knew it was located. This is not just true of parsons clicking, not even in the proper spirit - it is not even worth the story. At the very least you must have one of his songs. And many people would like to be told. I need to mention a well-received movie from a group of college students, away from the slope, and in Johnny Knoxville. But if you're a fan of Parsons ignore the title, it's just a movie for fans of Jackass.
