"Great Power" is as an ultra-sleazy version and a perversion of the Love Valley, and other fighting of Kung Fu, members of the cannibalistic planned, white slave trade, the efforts of effort and a lot of lousy motion. It is not surprising that this film was included in the "Experience of the 20th movie experience of Grindhouse Experience" recently. It has been the exploitation of everything that the consultants are looking for, combining it in a completely invisible and recommended script! Production ethics are very poor and technical issues are interesting, but the amount of free sex and sex cannot be explained. The movie opens in the sunset known as Warriors Island, which the sneering control group raises the dead for any reason rather than turning them into Kung Fu fighters. The owners also buy sexy slaves from a businessman who is seen as Hitler's surprise, because the human body gives them the power needed to increase their zombie army. Tourists on a ship of travel, among them three militant fighters, LA women fighters and a whole group of women who refused to ravishing but being attacked, are attacked by a young Hitler boy because they were preparing a trip to the Warriors Island. Their hot sea climbs the island, and monks defend the victims on the battlefield with their zombies. Well, what does it look like for the midnight midnight horror? It is no longer, because "Raw Power" also has piranhas, the evil of the wild boat, Cameron Mitchell in another role of shame and the operation of 70 duchess of Camille Keaton ("I am kidnapped in your grave") with a very insignificant appearance of appearance. There are loads of the worst year, including the killing of copper and destruction, the joke of hammy and the bad taste romance. The garbage value of this movie will leave them without talking. The history of the perpetrators of evil remains, usually, not recognized and they are not even punished for their interviews. Maybe that's why the movie chooses "To Continue", instead of "Update". The pastor never came, unless an uncertain IMDb is even inappropriate.
