The Scarecrow is installed in the small town of Emerald Grove where a high school student Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is considered to be a geek of local and teachers and the same pupils. Poor child suffers daily disgrace, abuse, tremors and general respect for the abuse of their hands. Unfortunately she does not have a great support at home since her mother is slut & after Lester accuse one of her blokes she dismisses in the grain field & baby poor strangles. However, the magical thing happens (no, the film does not suddenly become good), the spirit of Lester receives transfers into the maize fields that he uses as a body to take revenge on those who have tortured him and made his life of hell ... <Written, connected and directed by Emmanuel Itier who according to the IMD credit list also plays a role in the film as a person named Mr. Duforq though I don't remember any of the name of this name, I think anyone who ends up viewing the IMDb for Scarecrow is probably already aware of that bad and useful reputation say it's very well deserved since it's awesome. Itier Script, Bill Cunningham & Jason White uses a regular life story of a lost person who is taken and tortured because there is no good retaliation for the usual way in the flick of a young boy. We have seen all of that before, we have seen the poems of the killers before, we have seen innocent people killed directly before, we have seen one of the lost lives of revenge, we have seen wisdom to beat criminals who make jokes as they kill us & we have seen a small town with no power Sheriff makes things more before. The only true answer to the Scarecrow is whether there is any joy to look at the type of silica boy? The answer is exciting to be honest. The movie has a bad habit, a bad conversation, a mysterious and predictable story, has some one liners of cheesy as when scarecrow kills a person and a shovel asks 'can dig?' and what is known as an abolition that aims to stop things for the good is only disabling. The film goes faster but not exciting and killed is forgetting. You know I am still trying to work on how a person can be beaten and killed with a maize stick ... The Itier Director does not work very well here, the killing of evil is evil It is addressed without creating anything that means that there is no tension like within two seconds of the preliminary behavior they are killed. We are also happy with the shock player of making all these flips and buttons in the air at events that you feel like they are in The Matrix (1999) or some Japanese kung-fu flick! In order to give real credit scarecrow scanners looks very good and looks very good but you are given little to do except the bad organs with sticks all around. Do you think that being tied to a wooden tree in the middle of the grain prepared would always be boring? I know he's scarecrow killers but I still says he would be bored just hanging around on a wooden stick all the time! No dirt & gore is not anything to write at home, there is a surface of the scalp, the face of the face is burnt, someone is killed by a maize stick, a man gets a shovel in the throat, some pigs are stuck in the head of the people, a man has his heart broken by man has something in the back of their head that comes out of their mouth. And the required budget of this $ 250,000 seems to have been hit by 8 days, well at least never lost any time on non-essential issues like storytelling and behavior. This technology is very sure, shoot & hope for good things. If you are looking for the man on the floor who has broken his heart you can see him continue to breathe ... Acting actor, a boy who played Lester's mum matches a brazen look and artificial mustache ever because he played two roles in the film and creators needed to hide but they did make him appear to be worried and do not give me the start of his talent ... <br /> <br /> Scarecrow has a good time of fun & scarecrow himself is a good creation and good make-up effects but generally the film does not happen , it does not work, is not available, is unpredictable and very interesting. If you want to see a massive killer then see Scarecrows (1988). Not necessarily confused with the Scencrow of Gene Hackman & Al Pacino's film (1973) or Scarecrow Flick (2008) which is now in production. Scarecrow has proved to be sufficient on home video to generate two more for video sequels, Scarecrow Slayer (2003) & Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
