The uncertain truth is as simple and democratic as the turgid slope is made by Republican rabid and idiotic, it is meanders along invisible lines to happen until it tries to hit something into your face, ie that we will die both in one hundred years, which is already unknown, but he who cares, human beings are selfish, destructive creatures, surely I do not waste my time on humanity's disappearance. I will only call "natural development". Let the apocalypse begin, but at the same time, we should listen to the same concerns, propagated politicians who propose a "new community", well, do not do, we will continue to be controlled by the rich, and the strong and for those scholars who created disaster in the first place. Nothing will change. Al Gore, whose hypocrisy appears very clearly in the film, since he is driven out of a gas-powered car that only uses consumer computers, also lives on a large acres of land in a very large house, the land itself was used for the purpose of specific degradation including cattle, tobacco, pigs (which describe the impact of methane gas) and who knows what else, its wealth is said about exploitation, greed and its investments are the largest companies in the world with record . I can hardly imagine this worthy person to talk to the unfortunate, but his attribute depends on his opposition to another political party, while he offers the same similarities of sex that make politics and politicians afraid. This bozo is becoming a healthy life and still advises poor people in Africa about farming and cutting and burning techniques? She travels around the world in the first class seats in fat loss jets, uses computer products set in the document, and still thinks everything is "moral issue". He has been involved in his dreams of deception, says he came to this conclusion because of the death of his sister (from tobacco made cancer and the closest death of his child to the car of all things). Did he fight against tobacco companies or suggest that cars are banned because it is a dangerous hulking machine? NO. Everything should use "economy", why he is different, the answer is he is not. His powerful and exhausting experiments in human philosophy are bad, all of this when he is hit on a forest or by a small river to see the quotes of life. Well B Gore, why do you try to live like ordinary people then? He is a politician, open and simple, he has a job in the power structure. My question is, why doesn't he focus on the world's most powerful industrial nations that are blame for many problems? We cannot do that because it will not be wise for "investment, stocks and organizations". Al Gore provides free teaching on the subject in the letter, ie for people with white color in the audience, who clap, when showing them graphs, numbers and percentages, and speaking in dreary sounds, no one has no Harvard ( in which the academic regulators can have meaning from them, but tells us everything goes to hell. There is no weakness, but I think he fails to address this problem correctly in the way that humanity has taken to the planet, ie the use and waste of waste. She has never mentioned how the industries have made these problems, she just wants to put a thin bandage on them but not to put an end to all the humiliating system. It was obvious that he had been destroyed, he was taken to school by scholars and had a state of politics as any other backbone, held in Washington. Anyone who has made this propaganda, since it is not quite different from what Republicans have been pregnant, had only goals in mind that were driven by economic motivation. That is to say, a person will benefit, and it seems to be "new green" politicians who support the partnership capitalist companies who buy large farms with an attempt to develop a "new future for" and "new technology". It is an old story, Al Gore is a believer in the structure of the elite, he really believes there is a "democracy" in the United States that I see very foolish. If we have not paid the salary to oil companies, then we will give them by wind and solar companies. I get a speech at the end, through something GW Bush would have grown up on the citizens who complained, Gore says about "people who come together to defeat communism" in the 1990s, what is associated with heat temperatures , nothing but trying to get the basic sense that gives people. Since he said, he did not understand that communism did not exist in the world, the European and USSR systems were simply a form of abuse and exploitation, not much different than what governs US interests. Social ecology was not mentioned even here, which is true of destruction. If you want to change the world, then one must provide those old systems that depend on the evil, exploitation and abuse.
