Hmm? I agree with the inspector who said that "the wonderful people of the hospitality of hospitality have been exploring this film". I thought the film was very interesting to look at. I think that was exactly because of Marsden and Speedman - not a plot. The bottom of the bottom is that this film is gentle to the psychological emerging on the one hand and significantly homophobic on the other. Put on the old fingers and three under the end. I don't know if the film aims to promote dialogue or spread fear and propaganda. I thought that the act was alive. Most of the talks that were about 90 degrees of askew of truth. I continued to want to get meaning from the plot, but only then talk to the mad man (Speedman). I feel at his mercy (Speedman) because of his loss, but it is not true. His loss is no greater and it is certainly less to lose daily losses in the world for the greatest reason. Does the film show naiveté about HIV / AIDS? Yes: That is what the audience wanted. Is HIV a black, strange, bad killer? What are the victims? Answer to both questions is NO. Neither HIV nor its victims have any lower goals than lupus, multiple sclerosis, tuberculosis, hepatitis, CANCER, or their victims, for GOD'S EDUCATION. Because the disease can be infected does not make God intentional or evil - or evil - it is only. <br /> Is this a reason for ignorance or ignorance - very dangerous to take? - NO. Should all people have sex safe? - Yes. What? Sex safe will save the world? - NO. What? Sexual sex is true in all cases of love and passion among people who are interested and emotionally? ?? CLEARLY NO. What? What kind of world do we live if everyone obeys the law, no one has ever had a risk, and sex has never been in contact with love? Do I ignore that the film deals mainly with sex? ?? YES. HIV spreads by transferring blood or body fluids between infected and non-infected people. Sex is not necessary for infections, gay or otherwise. It is always broken by the deliberate abuse of one person over another. I really thought the film did a good job to show the absurdity of Tom's violence, transfer, and a desire to go to Dan, and this kind of fraudulent abuse occurs every day. <br /> <br /> Conversation information from the film: Tom is mad. Why does Dan ask "why" you feel this, instead of "what are you doing"? From: men who have sex with men get "AIDS" means: HIV = AIDS What role did Tom play in sex? Why is Dan responsible for using condoms? "maybe rides before stuck?" What are we saying here? Did one of the parties lack knowledge? "Maybe she didn't want to hear the truth" you love me "She's up to heaven and so angry hurts about what she knows now about me"? Right? What? Dan's life is about whether he has HIV? Certainly not! Why is the whole world so arrogant? They think gay men are the cause of HIV, that they will give to others in the world, and will we all die? unanitania ??? What? People are very foolish to think that homosexuality is a cause ... it's trouble ??? What? We feel so about the victims of tuberculosis? malaria? I can see that Tom hurts because of the death of his wife, and he complains about AIDS, but with weight? who is wrong here? The victim or the virus? Is the disease responsible for patients? (assuming they did not want and did not want to spread the disease). <br /> <br /> Of course, safe sex is vital to a safe life, but not a drive, not a fly, without leaving a house, not living. What? Do we really want to blame the disease for the victims? What? Sexual protection between Tom and Dan has prevented Tom's wife's failure? Perhaps, but not just Dan's role. Tom is crazy. Did I mention it. Tom to Dan: "Maybe you get what you deserve"? Come! 24 days: Violence, naïve, and humanity. <br /> <br /> Are I involved? Maybe. But I think this film shows a point of judgment for homosexuals for their goal of being unwilling and arrogant towards a "direct world" by practicing safer sex practices, while the level of homosexuals who practice safer sex is equal or better than that of sex. We all need to wake up and get serious about HIV / AIDS. HIV kills hundreds of thousands of Africans of STRAIGHT every year.
