Maybe, maybe the PC's game was awesome. Maybe. I have started completing the PS2 version and it's a very full mess. There are two things that are similar or promise. I will say those first because it will be more quick. First, the idea of ​​the historic GTA game is great. Guns of the game was a historic game of GTA and unlike Mafia, Gun was the best. I would like to see the game set during the Mafia conducted similar. Then, the storyline is written well. That story means, it has great arcs, it uses an unusual device (and a lot of game to be backstory) and it's interesting. Finally, some drawings - especially those used during the cuts - are amazing. Mafia traders seemed to consider getting the same picture where the GTA was struggling with the effort, especially the perpetrators. Unfortunately in many other places, kinda of the image increasingly, and I'd like to have the most beautiful gameplay than interesting characters. <br /> <br /> Gameplay is what looks at this very low header. First, the control and cameras completely absorb. That should be the first goal of any game developers. You cannot release the game where the control and / or camera exploits. One number, there is no reason that the character of the player, Tom, cannot have his full course of controlled control by the left analog stick. Except it is absolutely necessary, and it is not difficult, I hate the set-up where the left stick takes character in the "beaten path" and the character can only turn to use the correct analogue stick. Here, not just a necessity, it makes many simple actions to be challenging. For example, Tom should climb on several missions. But the game is designed for so much evil that you deserve to move the right analogue stick to the camera, and then press L1 every time you need to climb, or Tom will descend instead. <br /> <br /> Then, I've never seen more war systems. The first problem is that you can't have auto purpose or install on any goals. For the first step, the game seems to tell you that you can use L2 or R2 to focus on goals, but you have never worked. In order to focus on any enemy, you should fight with the analogue stick of the stupid and try to keep the focus on the direction of the character and the camera, which tends towards toward the wrong corners or make Tom disappear at all. At that time, perhaps it gets pummeled or shot. Next, if you touch or close touch the enemy - and that's certainly going to be hand in hand hand or when you use the melee weapon, fighting system - which is mainly to hit or hold R1, it doesn't matter . Enemies may incite you to get caught, but you can't just move unless you leave. So the close clashes include you in the left-hand analogue sticker, for the left-out behavior, which will not take 50% of the time, then hit R1 as much as possible before the enemy gets very close and makes R1 useless. And if the enemy gives you inputs at that time, you will also fight the right analogue stick to get your character directed to the right way and get the camera in space so you can see anything. At that time, perhaps you get pummeled or shot again, and your only option will be trying to transfer the character again. My struggle often was to make Tom walk round around the scene as a comedy film, and hope that I could get enough time to fight the analogue stick and get a few shots before being a sympathetic AI again. To a large extent with real fighting. <br /> <br /> And the same problems and more exist when he is trying to fight a gun. If you touch someone, half when the controller will not allow you to cancel the shot, but they can still prevent you from filling holes. Additionally, there is no objective of auto, and the target system is ridicully sensitive, even with the understanding set zero under Options. Gunfights have members who try to aim or shift when the enemy puts a bullet after you hit it. Luckily or not, damage appears to be written around randomly. It can take one to ten shots or more to fit any character, and no rhyme or its reason. You can put five shots into the head of the enemy and close the empty empty part and they will return to the fire and hurt you. However, the creators of the game seemed to be more concerned about the originality than they rebuilt in your targeted system, so after shooting with enough guns, your goal will go away, and you will have to do it again. <Br /> <br /> For festive photos, except for characters and textures that you're around them, really are very good. The distance always seems to be empty, and often has a flat color and close clothes when driving. The city was not well formed. It's not enough enough, and there are not many interesting things to see or do. Cars are slow and easy to control. They also drive the same car. Some have mentioned music, but it was also a good nondescript. The best work would be done at the end. Also, as many others are mentioned, times of burden are ridiculous and frequent. They tend to be longer, and it occurs in the middle and middle of everything - even the community. Overall, the Mafia port for PS2, at least, seems to have run too far. The game feels and plays as an incomplete task of the hack.
