Acting in this film begins. The plan makes very little sense, but from what I have collected it should be on this scientist who builds the ability to turn human beings into dirty metal balls that then jump into their mouths and turn them into zombies (or blow their heads up, whatever) . And the effects are lousy, too. Most of the films have bad music, and participants play the same music as bad music, is introduced by many sexual experiences. This should be one of the worst things done, but for one thing. One aspect of the shear observation which makes "Weekend Nightmare" stand on all others. And this special quality is the presence of George. <br /> <br /> George is a tool of recommendation between the daughter of scientist, Jessica, and computer security system at home. With her green hair and nose, balding head, and a heart-built mouth, George is an angel / guardian for Jessica, who asks for advice on how to meet boys in one of the many pieces of conversation sent to celluloid. With his voice of monotone made, George explains what percentage of men prefer women in white clothes, and also that going-going is the third way to meet boys after discos and bars. Of course, little Jessica can not seem to be in trouble, causing George to implement the "Emergency Plan Code: Protection Jessica", which causes the death of Jessica's violence that will be attacking through one of the previous steel balls. Kubrick was too stupid to think he could give a computer to the computer by using red light covers. HAL should be represented by our friend George to improve the sympathy for his ultimate death. The appearance of light and sound at the end of "Meet Near"? It is not bad, but it would be better to have that film would be like the first communication channels and visitors were George Puppet's mobile. Bishop, Data, R2 ?? The kitchen equipment near George Great! He can only be in the film for 8 to 90 minutes, but don't do it. This show is about George. With the slightest degree of humor, George joins the film characters such as Hollywood Montrose, Jokes, and Pappy from the "New Moon Increase" as American cinema icons. "George for Apache" ?? you are my hero.
