What? Have you ever had a beautiful picture in your mind that you thought it would be good to be in the film: If you see detective detect through the cracks of the broken fence of some abandoned homes? Or see a woman walking on the road looking cold and sharp and awake? Yes. Just imagine stretching the picture to the whole movie, with the idea of ​​Broken, although there are no spies in this film, I just use it as a model. But, a very looking woman is here with 99% of the screen time. I have nothing to complain about this woman, she is the perfect choice for this role. I see myself as a very intelligent person who can get pleasure from all kinds of artistic words and I can enjoy really good things. It would be very cold if I could create one part from this film and put it on the wall. Let's be honest here, acting very good. Some words on the face of the characters are what protects me from watching. <br /> <br /> Now the problem of this movie. More of the feeling, nothing else here. The director basically took over the idea and ran far beyond what was worth. I don't know that it is a spoiler if I say a quarrel is a "glass". Let's say, this special idea is about the place of blood and it's all the director to work with. In fact, there are a few twist and turn here and there. If you have paid a priority, there is nothing surprising at the end, open side holes. Now, I have not broken my bones and this art since I enjoyed a lot of time. I still believe that we should judge the basis of the central art that uses to explain anything that artists want to describe. Modern is not a piece of music, or a picture, or a painting, or even a poem, and certainly not just a beautiful picture in your mind. That's all with a good development of the story and character. I take care of Lynch's style of films. It is not accountable and it is ineffective to lose between. We gave 2-hour films of the film for good reason. Therefore, we should judge differently than to shape one image of a picture as a picture or painting. <br /> <br /> This movie is not quite a Lynch style, thank you goodness. It has a positive development and eventually it came to a conclusion. It does not have many stories or character development. It has dedicated itself to the masses and the characters include ordinary people, so they withdraw from other fantasy items from the surface. It does not provide any definition of a fantastic feature and did not attempt to create a world around it. The scandal did not come anywhere and it seems to be unique and accidental. Perhaps the coalition remains the head of the director but thanks to what I can see did not really try to see it on the screen. Where did he put his efforts at that time? It seems that he spent a lot of effort in creating feelings and enhancing music. Music often creates tension that eventually turns. Only in the future part of the terrible film and tension emerged. Finally, I felt like: Well, I know what you're trying to say here but is that you're trying to tell them to spend two hours creating all this tension? Then it doesn't matter who the characters and what kind of life they have. And we are given very little about who the characters are. All we have is this situation that has just taken. Discouraged but I think the director did not have many working tools and shows.
