I give them this 3 film out of 10 because I have examined the content of the movie and I can clearly understand what a mental film with a cut-out message should look like. Of course, Broken is not one of those movies. I must admit that the movie has made me think a lot to try to understand what one thing he was trying to lead and in spite of the information I read in the previous comment, seemed only a pretext to have one individual in the mind of the people's mind. The picture on the lid clearly shows that Broken is a broken piece on the surface that usually has a brain. It is a clear message that once this part of the body is broken and breaks will be damaged and cannot. So, when you start waiting for the film characters to show their unacceptable sides and this is not obvious in any exercise because the movie starts immediately without the introduction of characters and their lives before. Although we see a father with a gun when his children are trying as amazing as if he knows he has enemies but this is still not a very big clue. It had more planted signals on the film, someone could say about that it is really true. But though the film was very fast, it was at the same time without empty and any romantic events. And the reunion of bad father and Gena at the end is a strong refusal to reject the message that some people have talked about other views. Additionally, if Gena really lives in an apartment if her brother tells her at the end, then how can she be evil? I bet I can resist any theory about this movie and many questions that can only lead to one conclusion: this movie is engaging in wasting time. It definitely shows a person who is trying to make a mystery that is worth nothing. I am a great fan of fearful movies and those who are very few people who call popcorn movies. Horror movies are not required to submit comprehensive messages! They need to reveal a beautiful mask of life and show you the other side of the dark which is truest, I think. Scary movies should have blood, noise, size, bones, body parts and parts. Because it is a real fear and has never been far from the truth. I have watched all the awesome movies and I can prove that each of them can be real like the sun. There is nothing that he cannot think for as long as the thought is considered. For example, the tragic movie "Train" by attacking the size of everything and its similarity to everything and "hostel", speaks of the very real thing that sells body parts illegally by deporting people in foreign places where no one would ask or look for them. Even if we take a look at a broken film that has a message of existence, it hasn't yet been submitted very much and is not available. I would like a message of abuse shown in the Dream Requirements which overpowered the drug to show the fact that any kind of drug abuse like sex, TV, security / being pampered, etc ... can be very serious and scared hell out of me. And those who are always searching for the movie with a great sense of business and business, it is usually a group of people who are easily afraid and dislike this genre but this doesn't mean there are fans of these movies and that they have a lot to give to the viewer due to events of adrenaline, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe or not!), entertainment for the most important face to face an interview with the nature of life, as bad and scary as it may seem, Death!
