If the stories about the mirror mirrors will be the same, everyone involved in this production will now face about 170 years of misfortune, because there are many mirrors falling into small pieces here. If only the script was like bursting as a mirror, then "Broken" would be a brilliant film. Now it's just a very sad movie, which comes from red with just a few of the strange ideas and memorable patterns. Sean Ellis made a stylish and very interesting film, but the story is a lack of sufficient and a lack of logic and clarity is actually hurt. I entered a conversation with a friend about the basic concept and the "meaning" of the film. He thinks Ellis got inspiration in the old story of claiming that cheating your doppelganger is expecting how you will die. Interesting theory, but I do not know this story and could not find anything on the internet about this, do not. Personally, I think only "The Broken" is still different of the umpteenth on the head of the "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" but without the intervention of the alien. "Broken" centers on US McVey family living in London, and especially Gina. When the glass breaks during the birthday celebration, this brings a whole series of extraordinary and unusual events. Gina walks herself in a car and follows her picture of the mirror on the apartment building. While driving home in a state of mental confusion, it causes a serious car accident and ends in hospital. After being expelled, Gina feels like all of her circumstances are changing. He did not recognize his own partner again and the fragments of the accident continue to shine in front of his eyes. Does he get the problem of the mind required by accident or is there really an extraordinary conspiracy occurring around? Author / director Sean Ellis definitely gives you a sense of curiosity and insist on his script, but unfortunately he fails to define them well. "Broken" is a real and delicate effort, but only after half an hour of the film, it comes to the conclusion of the pain will remain only a good but empty bag. There is a large amount of charges for "fake" in this film. This means creating tension, through the music of evil and the angel of the beautiful camera, while nothing happened even now. At the time of the real truth facing, these tricks have no effect on you again. Some of my colleagues around here compare the film and especially the style of Sean Ellis with David Lynch's references, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but that's the way, the way? It is a great honor. PS: what's going on with alternative spelling; one with "ø" of Scandinavia
