This film is clean, chopped, uncomfortable. I did not know anything before entering the dark room, taking my seat. I was fascinated by the blurb of "secret and amazing" on a poster that I think. Also, Lena Headey is good and can not be very feminine, and Richard Jenkins is always loyal to the guy to be around, so the cast seemed to be wise. It may be his name on the head that helped me go with this rather than anything else. I would go to see Valkyrie for a second time instead. The narrow plan involves Gina McVey's Headley, her lover, her father, sister and sister's sister who for some reason are beaten, in a very good and non-enthusiastic manner, and their bad doppelgangers emerging from mirrors that can be very amazing. There may be a good film behind this idea (not the idea of ​​nature, intention, but still ...) and in fact, if the filmmakers shouted all over to help and arrest the story of Headey's character, The Broken could have done A short time of 20 minutes. If so, it is not quite good and interesting, and not quite suitable. <br /> <br /> For example, in one area, the mirror accuses itself in the characters 'characters' room; they look puzzled but quickly forget about it. In another area, the glass drives into an empty and empty room, and the doppelganger looks like "coming out" of shards left hanging on the wall. Then why the first lost glass if no creepy crawly came out? Just for a little amazing? There are a lot of cases of the parties in the London apartments that declined, around the corners of the horns they thought they heard something, but did not see anything there and continue. We begin to ask ourselves, why is this real doppelgang really never tried to try to torture them? Delete characters and have the opportunity to watch viewers. But we, the audience, will need to start threatening, in the dark of the theater, if we want to have any fun at Broken. By the way, as soon as we have time with these two bad times, we really believe why anyone should be afraid of them - they stand around, barely looking at their faces, maybe innocent after killing others There are some good feelings and touches everywhere , and I try to say the director Sean Ellis can make a modern film and a secret ceremony if he would hire a photo reporter next time.
