Several days after writing about how garbage like COWS MAD and FARTHY EARTH received money when Ange, Duncan and Theo were completely ignored I needed to stay on another British movie * which had me stretch my head for what it received one penny. Some people may claim that because the DEAD PROJECTS are based on a very popular novel has a built-in market but all FILTHY EARTH and MAD COWS were also converted from the novel and they were struggling to stay together. of a group of high school students who go to a distant home where they are faced with a web service but being honest this is not true how the story is revealed by anyone who expects Friday's 13TH is experiencing a life-threatening experience since 90-95% of The time of flight is taken by drug users and discussing sex. And what characters they hate also. None of them like it in any way and within minutes you will be getting nostalgic for Stalin, Mao and Pol Pot hoping that sometimes someone will embrace communist democracy will succeed in creating an equitable erection. Anything that will show the end of such a bourgeois that does not mean that hateful films in this movie begins to be accepted! /> <br /> It is not available to give us a film where the plot is looking for and where viewers fail to connect with the director the director continues to destroy things by getting all clever and arty. Of course this is very interesting to us we will fall to the knees and cry "Oh my god, it is a good director of the way he gives us and his artistic and just an empty shelf will fail to understand what God has given this talent to man". I am sure a large number of people can scream "How have my projects changed when they are stuck like this?" Or "WTF was the last half hour of this piece around?" You can protect the film by saying the original novel source could not be closed and this makes the film possible. I will admit that this film is not known. <br /> <br /> * I know the IMD classes like this of the American movie but the style and the wrong with DEAD BABIES are unique to the UK. Americans may think that they have difficult things with Bush but we've had Tony Blair, not mentioning BABIES, TIME OF THE MEDIA and FILTHY countries. No wonder everyone has a shame to be Britain in the 21st century
