This movie can be used in film classes in "How to Not Script B-Movie" of course. There are natural barriers in the movie B: Budget is stable, Time is valuable (Scarecrow seems to be shot in 8 days) and administrators are often green and unskilled. One feature with full control is to write the best script you can within the limitations set before you. The Scarecrow document appears written in the haze of alcoholism. I could go through the fifteen examples of the nonsensical scripting of this movie, but I will mention only one: Gravedigger. The gravedigger character has been an hour on the film. It doesn't seem to be connected with any other characters in the movie. She is shown by her daughter, who also has no relationship with anyone in the movie. Gravedigger is given a few scenes to act with power and then killed by hitting out of the calculation of the body. Why give Gravedigger daughter? Why give her a girlfriend? Why not start them too late on the film? Why not try to make them a part of the ongoing story? Scarecrow does not seem to care. Scarecrow's "Story" goes something like this: Lester is a high school student (played by an actor I would like to have her hard 30's) taken by other children. He is an artist who draws a plane and has a crush for a classmate named Judy. Her mother is a lush prostitution and a city. One of his arrogant boys admits his drawings (by calling him "fagot" for drawing a plane instead of "monsters and cowboys." If you have a secondary school pupil still shaving cowboys I would think it would be silly than a high school student who draws and the future, kills Lester, on the grain field, under the scarecrow. Magically, the soul of Lester goes to the scarecrow. Somehow, this transfer changes Lester from the artist to that of the ignorant player (I know some reviews have been called scarecrow of the Kung-Fu scarecrow. of the movie). The anger goes to kill those who have tortured him, those who pose the pot in the corn field, those who are digging in the graves, the boys of the gravediggers, pretty much anyone who showed on the movie set. The bonus feature on the DVD should be mentioned. The director (French) makes a rap version of the rap, who does not admit that he did not have practitioners close and put it so he can put his wife while working and gives a live quote and (and I'm paraphrasing): "Life ez a bitch, but she has a ass The bigger "Bricks" I was bored when watching this film: 5 Did it help: No Beer Number needed to enjoy this film: Anything it takes to get drunk drunk.
