One of the five worst movies I watched. And the need. In fact, I recommend watching so you can get the same sense of absence as you can by looking at Children. Over 400 votes, the movie receives a minimum of 5.3 / 10. But there is an odd number of voters who gave 10/10, perhaps because of a video message - nuclear weapons are four of humanity. Chuck Murdock is the youngest player of the star league who gives baseball because there are nuclear weapons. Recently "Grace Grace" Smith is all star Boston Celtic who has been led by Chuck's story and gives basketball. Recently all sports leagues from the academic level to university to secondary school to dismant the league in the world round. Later all the children of the world go to silence. This encourages the US President to meet the Soviet Prime Minister, who in the long term agree to remove all nuclear weapons at the start of the Premier League season. The movie ends with Chuck about throwing out the first pitch, and the President will tell his new friend Chuck is not worried about beat every batter, if he's not thrown baseball year. Everywhere on the master's bottom line of the world is Grace Grace. When the President gets out he is told that the FBI can prove the killer but he can never prove. So the President calls the master of the world ("But there is one" "I don't care, get him on the line") and tell him that he resigns from all the boards of the company that he lives and sells everything he has. And don't leave the line again. In fact, this film was so amazing that I couldn't turn it off. It was on TV from 2:30 am to 4:00 am, and I watched it all. I was not equipped with nuclear weapons propaganda. I was exhausted and broke the implausible of all planned games. I don't even know why "Grace Grace" Smith was killed. And with all the famous athletes to be friends of Chuck, why the father was always angry with his child to take a stand. And there was a short time near the end when the father says Chuck, "I never told you this, but I'm very happy." Hug.
