It is a real disgrace that almost no less than 30 years writes a "top-up" text of Michael O'Donoghugh-magazine articles and SNL sculptures that were intellectual for a while ... and so it is a real shame that anyone who can take the opportunity to explore his work will undoubtedly take the easy way and watch the video- so leading to MR MIKES VIDEO MONDO. This game has elements that are not fully connected with a good bone. The viewer has experience as a hitting cat / swimming experience with someone who thinks he finds the feline fun by hitting these kittens into a pond which the camera follows with slow motion and a chain of montage. Then we are taken to the island where every previous fad is retired (eat hops, pet rocks, fear of rainbow, wigs etc.) Then we get into music (punk was a new kind of music during this film) where "D" "The actor of the Rootboy Slim Bar player makes" boogie until you put "in his lazy style of dirt and an eclectic player. Now the real beauty of all of these is music back to the ground. In different styles and many different TELSTAR sounds are playing and repeating-to those who do not understand Telstar was the first of Satellite America launched into space and the theme was created to celebrate the mind of mans and victory. MR MIKES seems to mean as a symbol of demolition of the damaged society for waste. Now one thing gives that video release is not the life of Sid Vicious (old sex pistol is not a wrestler) singing MY WAYS. His version is very different from Sinatras as one can imagine but really I feel it is very important to listen ... it's good! That is a sad part - in the release of VHS Paul Anka rejects the rights of his song and the viewer is forced to spend 3 1/2 minutes of stability and an encyclopedia of a picture of a deadly pistol. I will give you a 5 or 6 video release to the nearest 4 and now that it's too many I can see where many people will give you 3 or 2.5. If you want to see the layout of the O'Donoghugh lesson ... you have been better at better understanding and talent.
