Yes, I am about to have sheep and everyone on this site, but the Good World is one of the worst films I have seen for a long time. We have a 2-and-half-hour film that feels like three and a half because it has two films for one. The first film tells a family story that leads to creating their home because of drought and famine. They have to travel south to cities to get food or work for some kind. It easily happens to get a bag of instruments and at the same time they find that the drought has ceased. Yes. And this knowledge comes home with their wealth and everything is beautiful and wonderful again. It takes a half hour and a half of the film and when it is not very possible at this point has a good arc for it. You would like to think this would be a good place to finish the film. However, the film continues for another hour. And in this remaining period, it takes a simple story about the family dealing with the problems of the world and making it a green melodrama about betrayal and envy among lovers. Well aged, money is the root of all evil blah blah blah. Just because you know how to make your epic film doesn't mean that your story can go without unnecessary. Also the main idea that I am collecting on this film is that the world is good for this family and lives together. So why do we spend an hour telling a story about a rich person who loves another woman, and why at the end of the film you are dedicated to a woman that our main character is not even concerned with most movies. <br /> <br /> The movie is not the only thing written well, the characters characters act quite emotionally. He is very worried about how he was a slave and he never wanted to have a slave and a dad. Then why in the fall of the hat is she ready to sell her only daughter in bondage. Even if they lose hunger during this idea, it is still useless when 20 minutes later in the film complain about wanting a slave again. <br /> <br /> There are other films from thirty that should be considered. The only thing that goes to them is movies. The country is shot well, oh and sequence and locust is quite amazing. The worst was in the film that had nothing to say. <br /> <br /> One thing last. I know that this time during the Hollywood film was more focused on the stars and thought that good performers can show anything. For many films Paul Muni shows the man of Asia with all his power, but once he drives half the point where the film goes because no one loses and becomes just an old Italian Paul, even cutting his hair so it looks like Tony from Scarface (also The film better than this). Of all the main characters in the film I think maybe three are really Asian, others are only Americans being silly. Oh and please Mrs. Rainer which was a very good note performance, not, if I could rip Oscar out of your hands, oh I would. <br /> <br /> Good World is one epic waste of time. If you want something with this free to look at the beautiful evening you get the grape grapes, a film that deserves all the qualities. Especially because it was not written by the monkey.
