Jennifer's shadow installed in Argentina and started as Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips) arrived there after her sister Johanna died. Jennifer has left Johanna's big house in her love, Jennifer decides to sell the house and go back to Los Angeles although her mother Mary Ellen (Faye Dunaway) is not interested in the sale. Yet amazing things begin to happen, Jennifer begins to have a dream about Ravens to bother her and she begins to feel very sick. After looking at the hospital it seems that one of his kidneys is lost in secret, what happens to Jennifer? Is it an old family curse? Will Jennifer be closer to winning the ... \ t a predictable modernization that I would think would put more people to sleep than to frighten them. Script with Vega, Parés & P.J. Pettiette is slow to go and delight that is not the person he wants, I mean I am sure many people don't want to sit down and get out of their skull. All behaviors are not recommended and do not lack any feeling or nothing for what they do. For example, who was the cemetery minister? How did he know about demons? What is his interest and motivation to participate? I couldn't see. Jennifer herself is a beautiful woman who can not be seen by bland, her grandmother Mary Allen is like a clichéd as they come & it's amazing that she is quite clear. I mean for this kind of fundamental mystery of the horror / story of the soul is wonderful predictable and unusual. There are both barriers to both the logic and the story which together with the end of the horrible end that is not too much to lose I love Jennifer's Shadow one of the votes. <br /> <br /> The Vega & Parés Directors decreases widely used method of bleaching around all the colors from the image which often makes it not too far away from black and white, I see that they wanted to give the Gothic time feel but has been done many times before & times so much that it didn't do much for me completely and it just makes the whole film look odd and non-existent. There is a 40-year period to consider too, from the dress up to the interior of the big house but again it is half the heart and look cheap. Jennifer's shadow has been made well but it's rather than forgetting, it's not awesome or amazing & it's rather predictable. If that was not enough no option either, there are a few cases of sauces that come out to people and heart to beat but nothing else. With the required $ 1 million and written budget for Raven for the release of DVD and international DVDs is well done but millions don't buy these days & Shadow Shadow proves too much the theory. There are many instances of an actor speaking in severe accents of Argentina and also, although it may be really I really like to understand what people say. Acting is similar though Dunaway is very successful and it is obvious there for money. > filamu ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni ni (1964) again instead. Damage of time.
