This is a desperate, most interesting film of Ghana, which, by the way, is a very popular film in our home. Instead of being "exploitation" or despising, these films offer infinite insight into the period. It's not Bucktown. <br /> <br /> In this story, Duke returns to Bucktown to work on a nightclub left by his late brother. He learns quickly that the city is fully managed by the demolition police, advocating for protection from foreign trade. Duke refuses, and decides that he will save the city from the demolition police. Unfortunately, he does this by calling his friends (these people are best described as some of the former black warriors who have worked with Duke on "work" in the past) and just kill the police department in the blood cool. And indeed in front of hundreds of witnesses who have nothing to stop. Ignorance is not the right to murder, and it would be more fun to see Police Cracker faced with their opposite actions and just getting lost on the street. When retaliation is the most common and satisfactory content in this kind of film, it is a great cry from seeing Pam Grier to track down the strokes that had taken away her family, burst out, give them a jujitsu donkey and put it on 'fire. That has the art (and the reason for the existence) and fits the degree of respect that is not quite sure to kill just someone behind. Of course, in this mysterious story, he plays a woman under the finger of Man, fear of the crackers who runs his city and abuses his people. In fact, his advice to Duke is, "Run, man, they will kill you!" Following the violence caused by independence, we are expected to believe that the mayor of the city wholeheartedly accepts the actions of Duke and his friends, thanking and offering their honor, contrary to, they say, the call of district attorney to accuse the genocide charges against them and keep them in detention. The posse of the posse decreases the parade and instead emerges to fill many police positions created by their recent killings. Once it shows that it is worse than the predecessors of the Cracker police (naming the mayor, "They are ten times more than what we had before"). Now Duke realizes that he must again rescue the bucktown citizens from the law enforcement, security and security law enforcement, and make it safer for decent people to do street prostitution. Unfortunately, Duke has already lost all the high moral and sympathetic land from the hero, since he was already a participant in the initial police killings. I would like to consider one way or another if he had redeemed Bucktown or locked himself at this time. I think we should enjoy the wise way Duke should get rid of new police Goons, but in fact the film has now become an opera of free brutality, Duke kills all his old friends and his associates in the cold blood and the same lack of sympathy he had time to shoot down the Police Cracker. Duk is a pig. At the end, when everyone in the city but Duke, Aretha, and the local brothel workers have died and bleedin 'the street, our hero and heroine walk away at night though they had the qualities of pleasing or changing values; they don't. Duke is the only pig to kill and Aretha who helps misogynist partner. If you are interested in this type of film, by all means, I recommend them very much, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Turner Truck, Blacula, Sheba Baby? But if in the process you should run this DVD, give away as much as possible! Leave it as hot! It should be considered as a person who can treat the nuclear spaces of nuclear waste! There is no single film in all of Blacksploitation which is not the most exciting, satisfactory, and most entertaining and more interesting than this piece, written and separated by sophomores of high school hormones.
