Comet's night begins as the world prepares in the event of life, adopting a comet of 65 million years of age. Instead of looking at the light show Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decides to spend the night with the filmmaker Larry Dupree (Michael Bowen) in her booth ... She wakes up in the morning and Larry tries to leave the movie being attacked & killed by zombie, the same attack zombie Regina but she can escape where on she knows that almost everyone in the whole world has been transformed into a red dust. Almost everyone because of the unfortunate incident that someone else lives alone happens to be Samantha's sister (Kelli Maroney), struggling to find more victims and meet a long distance businessman named Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). At the same time the worst group of scientists need human blood to develop serum to save themselves from turning into soil & they are looking out for unwanted donors ... <br /> <br /> Written by Thom Eberhardt Comet is a good experience of looking at the trash, I wonder how much good views on the IMD about it because I thought it was just an illusion that never existed. The script starts 100 miles per hour with the destruction of all the inhabitants of the Earth and the zombie attacks but then it goes completely to the place and ultimately establishes the bad blood of stealing scientists toward the end of the film because at that time small stories run is a course. There are also conspiracy holes, if these scientists want blood to shoot three or four members and save two sisters when the boys would give them more blood for their experiments, killing them seemed just so strange and the closest thing to suicide based on the need for blood to develop therapy, not whether you are going to die & you need to try on human blood would have five or six donors to give blood or just two? I did not have the fact that two sisters were saved independently, what do I mean about that bad? When Hector fights a female scientist for the first time he did not tell Samantha or where he was or where the ground was where they took Regina before committing suicide so how did Hector know these things? I also thought about twenty minutes of the first non-standard film decreasing the snail's speed and it became very interesting and could not look, after hearing the good news about it Comet's night came to me like anything more than a piece of more than a crap. Director Eberhardt is doing a very good job, I liked to look at the film and the red skies and can create a cool climate of isolation. Unfortunately there are too many shots on the road, there are frequent road trips, unpaved roads and abandoned buildings and get very often. OK we get no one else on so no need to put ramming down our throat and always show roads without cars on them. The zombies are completely destroyed, there are two zombie attacks in the entire film and the two two zombies and although there are two effective incidents of dreams. Comet's night gives glory, or any restrictions whatever you prefer, other excellent films including the end of the purchase of world shopping in the mall made from Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget about any blood or gore if nothing. <br /> <br /> The Comet Night Study is very good, special effects are of honor and producer staff were very obvious in installing local laptop. Acting was a strong anticipation of Maroney as Samantha blonde head of the air who was very bright. Comet's night was a great disappointment for me, I had much hope. Persoanlly has found this unusual, awesome, unwanted film inducing where the sisters are going to make shopping in the voice of 'Girls Love to Have Fun' is probably the worst time in the film. It's not bad and I just can't get to what so many people like this, I'm sure I will be killed by saying so then then the abuse will begin to take ...
