This makes the third movie of Errol Morris I saw, and I don't love his style. He seems to find the most interesting characters and distinctive, a great profile to create a document, and then a language-in-cheek editing is interesting for everything. It has never had direct effectiveness for them and Morris has often said, "But no, no, these people are very attractive, indeed!", But there are always these secret secrets and anonymous editing techniques that show that Morris it seems to be laughing behind them. This game tracks four people who break the traditional barriers to organic isolation ... a man who learns African hair molerats to know that it is an amazing ant-like, lion tamer, a man who keeps a perfect garden the shrubbery animal-shaped, and the robot designer. The overall theme of the film seems to revolve around the question of what identifies the animal, human, and life characteristics? So the name of Fast, Cheap, & Out of Control doesn't seem any meaning to the image of the film ... right? Without a doubt Morris looks just a little bit of concern and desire of these people (he can call "obsessions") making synthetic designs on life. I am not afraid and honestly do not know some of the relationships that Morris performs in the film. But I emphasize his lies. Since there is no information on the voices and leaving the words entirely to the respondents, not if Morris will pay you to worry about the audience's head. Instead, it combines the diagram of the circus and the footage often often when they are given out of the circus environment and ulcers, showing a kind of collective deception behind what all these people are talking about. I don't find them stupid, I see them all the best and interesting. <br /> <br /> Except, of course, was not interested in such juxtapositions, which means he is just a bad student instead of silent subverter. Considering no films I have seen so far has been very hateful, I don't care too much to know what she is trying to do. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
