In fact, this is easily in 5 on the worst movies I've ever seen. On the other hand, because it takes itself seriously, contrary to the common trash of the heart, these movies need to be emotionally concerned, feel for the characters, and care about the plot of the claim. None of them comes next to what is happening. GOVERNMENT OF THE MISSION ****** <br /> There are three main reasons why this film is so bad: 1.) a meaningless and senseless plot. 2.) Work on the items "MTV" camera. 3.) Moronic characters and holes of the plot. <br /> <br /> Allow me to define. It seems, when these films were released, they could not decide to make movies on church conspiracy, hatred, or possession. So, what do I think? They unite them! The pastor gets a dead person, who makes them show stigma to open a church plot. How a natural person can pass on death and have another person through his rosary is never described, nor even mentioned. Now, instead of just saying what he wants to say, he gives Stigmata. WHAT? Why not just cast him out? Instead, we are recognized by the sound of the loudspeakers, sounding the voice of cars, and writing messages on the walls. It seems that this priest was also a powerful man, because a young woman was also emerging in one character, speaking in a voice, which was so severe, with a "voice" that we all heard many times. This also begins to compile my second complaint, because whenever this woman gets stigma, it also reduces the rules of gravity by entering into the air, and dismissing everything and everyone around him as if they were in an earthquake? Why does this happen? Who knows!! I think my is that the director thought it would be "cool". 2. These movies have a lot of shot, with slow motion, of course, of birds that appear without a place and leave, and more annoyingly, to spill water. This woman's apartment is looking for water! HALG! Typically, elsewhere would fall off these many holes. For the total of these complaints, towards the end, and for quite a reason, the camera is reduced by the stripes of water, faster, by reverse! WHAT? I don't know! It doesn't matter to anything, and once again, I consider it because the director thought it was "cool". <br /> <br /> 3.) One of the main characters says he is a priest to explain the holes in science. This does not mean to me. I would like to think that going to church would have been enough, but no, he needs to go through the whole rigor of being a priest. I can only buy. Secondly, there are many holes of conspiracy, and some of these I will clarify below. At the beginning, when he gets the first stigma, the area ends with the deficiency, with blood. Then, she is in the hospital. Who called an ambulance? Another is toward the end, when the character of the "scientific priest" mentioned earlier speaks to a spirit who has a girl. He says, "Take me as your messenger!" It is not a word for what it says, but it gets the idea. His answer? "You have no faith, just doubt!" So, because of this, he has a pastor! The pastor has no faith, very low to any scientific priest! And then, there is the fact that the plot of this film, this lost Gospel (St. Thomas, I believe) is available in local bookstores. The characters are ready to kill to emphasize this document, but you can walk to a bookstore and sell it. Perhaps this should be done in a different history, where it is not known very well, but the movie does not try to tell us this, or even suggests that this is another thing being done by revealing the document. <br /> <br> Installing, this film is awesome to an amazing rate. It's my arch-nemesis, which I feel the need to insult every place I get. I love it. Last grade: F
