It's not just that the film writer, Steven Greenstreet, is clearly idolize Michael Moore, but also follows his footsteps using several Moore Propaganda film making techniques. Moore has expertise in distracting the viewer from this view though, while Greenstreet is definitely less skilled here. <br /> <br /> After the closet with all of the issues around Moore's speech in UVSC, I was disappointed to see that the biggest public complaints - that Moore had paid $ 40,000 of State Utah's money for fundamentally promoting John Kerry campaign and declared his movie liberalization - they were pushing back to Greenstreet Even though little problems and exaggerated <. The way to sell this video has been similar to inappropriate ... promoting the film by claiming that "Mormon has tried to kill Moore". Not only is this moving, but it defines the main religion that Greenstreet has on private matters. I followed Moore's visit very closely, and all of the major news agencies noted that Moore's visit, and went without any reliable security problems or events in Utah. <br /> <br /> Greenstreet has banked on this fly-start film to make the film up to the point that he has even dropped out of school film to help increase this speed. This seems to be a rough placement though, since Moore visit approximately 60 other universities throughout the year 2004 diluted interest to this rather unusual event. The Greenstreet concept that American viewers would not be interested in this film due to the religious and conservative ivory promotion does not seem to have a good foundation <br /> <br /> Even the name of the film, this State Divided, is a certain amount of misnomer since Utah voted for the general election of Bush and thus seems to be more political than any other country. The division in the film's head shows more of the gap in the ideological diversity of Greenstreet and its religion and government. If anything, I find a good balance between the religious song of this document and Woody Allen in the sleeper (1973) that, "I was hit by Quakers".
