When I saw the preview of this movie first, I couldn't wait to see it. The plan seemed good and the arrangement was good. I mean, the movie's slasher which takes place at night, great idea !! And a plot: A high school teacher who deals with one of his students, goes to heaven, catches him, and runs three years later at night! Night, night that you should be happy and memorable, turns into spiritual! However, I saw it and was very disappointed. It was not just the "worst movie" that I have ever seen, but it was one of the worst films I've ever seen! First of all, it was not terrible. There was no time in the movie when I jumped from my seat. Also, the murder scenes were so cheesy and light. Slasher all made was either hitting its victims often into the stomach or cutting their throats. There was also no year (numbered PG-13). The area where there was a lot of blood was probably the killer killed a black girl. He reduces his throat and blood splatters on the paper placed next to them (not showing his throat). Then, you can see the killers when they meet the first time she is brought to the film. He is not surprising, angry, or scary. He is the only person who kills people. Also, everything on the film was photographed. An example is when, at the end, the murderer is about to kill the main character and the last time, the trunk of the detective kills him. Also, everything in this movie was predictable. The victim, after seeing the man with a knife, runs his life, hides, thinks he is leaving, and then the murderer kills out and kills him. Finally, the series of films was very bad. The boy goes to the hotel, kills a few people, the bodies are discovered, someone pulls a fire alarm, and everyone goes away. The main character remembers something in his room, has to meet the killer, runs and avoids. That's it! She and her boyfriend go home, the slasher kills the guards who run the house, finds the girl, then is killed by the detective. The sequence of the film was very foolish and you look at it. If you are thinking about seeing all this video because the preview was good, don't use it, don't waste your time or money. It is not surprising that this film was shown in a small movie on the cinema movie. My friend and I, with these two girls sitting back, were isolated in the playground. That should tell me something about the movie before.
