The Little Mermaid is one of my favorite Disney movies. I am sorry to say, however, that Disney has completely broken when they gave this. I will agree to have some nice points for them. These songs are not bad, and animation is clean and clear. There is a sense of humor, I am sure - I do not remember, because after looking at it immediately I prevented it from appearing before my eyes again. The worst stage of this movie is a plot. In this film, Ariel becomes his father. He prevents his daughter from going to the sea (yes, in fear), as he was forbidden to go near the land. I personally think that, from his past, Ariel could maintain some of his headaches and treat his daughter as he himself was treated. In addition to this fact, Ursula was altered by the fearless, the worst kind of marine witch (the reduced sister, forgotten) who is better than the scary. He, too, is less concerned with making his bidding - but he has no brightness or worse than Ursula. Ursula destroyed us with his belief in evil. This marine witch is a joke. To make things worse, Flounder is a father, deep-dad (no no good guppy we all know and love) and sound Eric is not even done with a similar actor (something that always hates me in remake / sequel). (The distinction of the voice was obvious to me, by the way!) I felt that the only reason for this movie was made to Disney could get a quick dollar, something that I hate to think about an organization that I really enjoyed. I felt that this plot did not think thought. I know that this act (child following parental steps) happens, but Ariel was different. That's what we loved so much. He had a dream, and fell in love, and made that dream come. Until he appeared on this film, that's it. Then he became like other adults. This is not Ariel I know. It's a fan. I know other kids who have enjoyed this film, and I know adults who have no intelligence, either. But for me, and for all of you out there that has a great love for Ariel, please don't see this movie. Ariel knows it dies in, has just been raised with a song or two and one last place that is incorrect (where she receives water again) - though she takes a very little part in the end, no matter what.
