I loved the first little Mermaid. I know the songs, I love the characters and I love the story. I can't say anything like that about the Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea. It was terrible. Let's start with the story. The plan was a converted copy of the first movie. Same situation, except for reverse! Ariel wanted to live on the ground, her daughter Melody (creative name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel was tricked by Ursula, Melody's sister of Ursula, Morgana. Ursula had a sister? I don't know who come out. Apart from being an amazing copy of the first movie, this film was seen tired and unhappy compared to the first movie. Now characters: 1. Ariel - What happened to him ?? It is no longer a young boy, whose head we all knew and loved from the first movie, now grew up "and growing" and his personality declined. His voice was not strong either, because either Jodi Benson was too old, or songs were so bad that his talent was lost. 2. Prince Eric- When he did not have many habits in the first movie, like all the heads of Disney, somehow his new voice and his few lines made him even more robotic. At the top, he can not seem to defend himself, and Ariel becomes one tough between the two. 3. Sebastian- Say the advantages of a favorite crustacean from the first movie, because a small, striking small string begins to take its place. Also did not have good tracks in this film. You can almost forget the glory he received from the amazing "Underwater Sea" and "Kiss Kiss Girl" from the first movie, and it's very sad. 4. Flounder- Destroyed !! He is no longer good, his voice is terrible, and has children now? Who is the mother? 5. Morgana- She seems to be the sister of Ursula for retaliation against her mother, who appointed Ursula every day. So he plans to get the Triton king of trident to become a new sea ruler. Sound known? However, he is a very good man of the village and cannot be reduced by the size of Ursula as an animal. He is physically defeated by magic, he is not too hard, and not really threatening. 6.Melody- Ariel and daughter Eric. An amazing name because she, unlike Ariel, can't sing. His voice is angry, his friends (walrus and penguin? True?!) Not funny or pleasing, and he is similar to Ariel, in the background and not as pleasing. Skip this one. Do not look at any Disney layer except for King Lion 2. This movie laughs classic which stays in all our beautiful memories. I'll look back to this film and just laugh.
