Okay, as a fan of Disney for a long time, I actually-angry-one-on-video Disney sequels. Walt HIMSELF didn't believe it. She believed "AND TIME OF HAPPILY IN" to her end. But this one ... Certainly chose a taco. There were many rapoffs of other Disney films in this, it was not funny. A quick overview, if you don't already know ...: Melody, daughter of Ariel and Prince Eric, is born. Ursula's sister, Morganna (who primarily looks like Ursula, if angela green and going to Ally Macbeal's starving food) shows and, after trying to make a born tyke, and failing, predicts punishment for the perpetrators. After the crisis, Ariel goes like her father, and refuses to tell Melody about her royal heritage, and later stops him from going to the sea. Good surprise. Melody sees, being a stubborn brat, and runs away, then makes a deal with Morgana to be kind, instead of something. (Gee does a known voice?) He becomes one, but in his business half, he has to restore his grandfather's trident and bring back the sea witch. While doing this, runs a few animals, penguin and walrus called Timon and Pumb - huh? wait ... no! not Timon and Pumbaa! or is it? It can deceive me. Otherwise, I would like to reveal more, but anything that might be considered to happen. Okay so ... a short story. This movie "borrows" very much from other films (better than Disney) ... and makes it wrong. Come ... Tip and Dash? Why not just do the opposite dash of ignoring and doing it definitely ripoff obvious! Ugh. Not to mention, the general character of Ariel's persona player. She has become a free woman, head, to her father's family. It's not very good ... they tell us basically the sweet sweet fire, which is known to grow and love is dead. Plus Melody himself is not a very good character either ... she despair! And cruel! Don't mention what they did Flounder. Ugh ... however, if you decide to see this piece of creation-particularly-for-profit, no ideas, Eisner-sponsored to t, I suggest maybe wait 'even to the Disney station or another tv station. Because, it is not worth the lease. <br /> <br /> * out of the star *****.
