I think it's for the Matthews Temple who wrote primarily remake though there are a few changes that make it worse. SPOILERS: It's similar to the original. Melody, the new daughter of Ariel is threatened by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Morgana runs, but puts his promise to take Melody away from them. Do Ursula have a sister? And he is not a good person like Ursula was. This is where there are similarities. Medoly is taken from the sea until Morgana is placed, but does not know it, because it all happened when he was a child. Wall surrounds the palace to protect him and morgana out. He goes under the daily wall to swim and talk to Sebastian, who is not young or happy as it was before. He gets seashell and his name on it and runs away from home and looking for answers and finds Morgana. Here are identical; Morgana tricks Melody, making him happy to turn here at the mermaid. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton are looking for him. In order to stay mermaid requires to steal the trident from Triton. So Melody does, because he doesn't know King Triton is his father. He makes friends with penguin and walrus and here is where it's bad. Penguins living with them in the ocean, hate them because they are afraid. So they try to prove they are heroes and fail. That does not match the little mermaid. And talk during these talks between the penguins and those two characters are bleeding. you know why? Because the first had a good story. This is not and not magical. It's just an example of how many sequels are bad. Melody finds them and helps to take Atlantica to show themselves. When taking the trident, Ariel finds Melody and Morgana. Melody is angry with her mother for protecting her from the sea so she gives a stylish to Morgana, then shows her true color once she gets it. Ariel and poor Melody are imprisoned. Penguin and walrus begin to prove themselves when they are fighting with a shark friend of shark. Sorry I didn't call him earlier. Finally they show themselves. Eric, King Triton and his troops arrive but they are forced to bow before Morgana for the power of the trident. Melody takes it, gives us Triton and she but Morgana (literally). So Ariel apologizes to Melody and thinks it's his fault. It wasn't! Ariel did the right thing to protect Melody, but they never say so. Triton provides Melody live in the sea or land. In fact he has a "best idea". He uses the trident to remove the wall so that the people and the people of the mer could be together. Then everyone sings a bad song. Finally. Anyone who has seen and likes this has certainly not seen nature. I don't like this because I am a boy. I loved when I was very young. Then when I grew up I began to see it bad about this film. young people, young children will enjoy it, but it is possible that at the time of primary school, they will forget about it. I usually like to think that I judged the film and it was better than I remember when I watched it again, but this is not. It's worse. Stories are not different. If you have thought, by reading this that the story is good, read more these comments and you will know other bad points: Well, you know the story now. Sorry to destroy you, but I was explaining some of the bad parts of it. One of the worst things is animation. Color is bad. The original was a beautiful color. Watching this almost makes me want to go blind. Even models and landscape structure were not good. The original was beautiful, magical color and beautiful design of water underwater and to the ground also, making it fun to enjoy. Compared to the first, music here you made. Songs are not well included by Tara Strong (I think that's his name) who made Melody can't sing. Sometimes he sang too high or did not sing a song. To a large extent to have "Melody" as the name.And the music is not all good or moving. The Little Mermaid 1 won the Oscar for it and certainly deserved. This deserved a razzie award for the worst of music for sequel if it was there. <br /> <br /> I did not like the sound. Several people who played the characters from the first, did the same in this. Jodi Benson is a good singer, but now that he is an old man, no fault to him, his voice is very deep and not good again. And I have been very encouraged by him and others who were the first to be part of this. If I was chosen for this film, just read the script, I can say that it will be a bad film. The characters are different now. Ariel is more reasonable now, but angry. They liked his behavior, making him too mature. In sequels you are not meant to change characters unless it is for specific reasons. He had sixteen in the first. There is little chance to change. That's the point when you become a person who will be for your whole life. Screen viewers should think about it. They should think of that character. Well, I think that's for me. I hope to get my opinion important, because I am sure much will agree with my opinion.
