This movie makes me want to lose every time I see it. If you are taking the first movie, and turns the plot (ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, and then thrown to the animation of a big sugar, as much as possible, you get a little mermaid 2 It is essentially a copy of the first movie with a revised plot. I'll take them through the fear of step by step. These are the people from the first movie: First and foremost, Prince Eric is still the chief of eric, and the 3rd line in the entire movie. Ariel is experiencing, sad, and not an uncontrollable spirit, which we have seen in 1. In fact, he is quite the opposite. Sebastian is still just a sebastian under the cute, less convincing as being stressed out, and just joke is not funny anymore. Flounder has approximately 2 lines. Now he has children and speaks with a quiet nose. Scuttle is still a dumb scuttle just not funny. The character of King Triton is probably the best, still keeps terrible and love for his daughter, Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric seem to have no daughter. As I said, all that they did was to use characters from the first film and imitate it. This is what they did: Ursula- a new bad villa is Morgana, a sister of Ursula who feels like she had lived in the shadow of Ursula. I can't be afraid if he would point to my door with a knife. He cannot do anything right and he is a failure as a man. He has the same voice of ursula. Sebastian & Flounder - Changed and probably complicated stupid, Tip & Dash, walrus and penguin. They try to be a hero but always fail when they try. the plot is predictable. They become heroes at the end. Dialing. Flatson & Jetsom- Now transformed by a shark who turned out about 10x small and triton. Certainly it is too bad. Morgana and shark (sharkbait, I think it was his name) have no chemistry, good or bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our beautiful mermaid was altered by her unhappy daughter, music. Melody can not sing, her voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you want to beat her face because shes so artificial sweet sweet. He wants to go to the sea, he is tough and children hate him, he is going to find himself. yawn. It is not just an exciting and unusual film to make it much easier when you watch this movie will become worse. Some parts of the film make you want to call Disney up and find out why this horrible film was made as a wonder of nature. <br /> <br /> In fact, comparing the little mermaid 2 for the little mermaid is like comparing the movie Wood Wood to Casablanca. You never expected this, even when you were tired.
