The night of prom: the most important night for any poor girl includes almost all plastic. And so the characters kept reminding us every ten minutes when another incident that had happened to the head held in their earthly life. <br /> <br /> There is really no reason for Prom Night. There's less than anything earlier about it and I could give them zero or less stars as possible on the IMD. The only part of my opinion that I enjoyed is when a group of young people sitting in front of us decided to play a game of 'ghosts'. It was more exciting than what was going on on the screen before them. <br /> <br /> The plot was essentially some guy keeps rampage. And it was, he was not even a little rampage. Maybe if the boy was scared away instead of Robbie Williams with a baseball hat, I would have been sitting there feeling a little worried. The fact that I was more concerned about the characters than I did about the color of the carpet film did not add to the effect, either. And making things worse, other characters were straight-dimensional and oblivious. The hotel staff did not seem to recognize or care that one of their girls had disappeared and it is further evidence that the killer cannot be identified after shaving. I was so surprised that a beautiful girl, a blue-colored girl was the only person who looked at who she was. He realizes this and then falls down the stairs, wrapped in a plastic sheet and then knocks on a bunch of colored bucket. Good one. The worst thing was, I believe the director was quite trying. In fact he pushed all limits to show any murder. Amazing! And the music, even get me started. It was almost the same as banning the funeral. <br /> <br /> I really want that Prom Night was a joke. It was terrible and predictable. No, with their right mind or otherwise, has any reason to see this film. Usually the movie seems to be going down with a film like this harming the situation. If you are interested in seeing this bad movie, listen to my voice. Don't do that. There are good things to use six pounds. As a paper to play ghosts with.
