Okay ... so I have seen many strange / odd movies in my day. Las Vegas's fears and interests come to mind when I think about it. Then again ... from here out, everyone asks me, "hey, what is the odd movie that you have ever seen?" Slipstream is what I will say! And it doesn't mean "normal" in a good way. <br /> <br /> From the beginning of the film, it was obvious that this would be one of these movies "camera effects". Since I mean, small things like paintings on the screen, retrieving the words and events of people who send fast, dancing and coloring on the screen, forward forward and return regularly ... then you have the real to do it. People randomly find violence, shooting things / people, saying very good things that don't do much, if it's any feeling. <br /> <br /> The movies are about the author who begins to integrate real life with the book to write and for lack of a better way to describe, you basically see this "journey" continues in the cinema. The thing is that, Johnny Depp went on the same journey in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas but the only difference was that his trip was to watch, not painful! In fact, I had a very difficult time even finishing Slipstream. It's kind of hurt my little brain. I can see some buff film making claims as this movie have some cinema nuances that make it not only unique but add a sense of mental illness ... blah, blah, blah. Sure it is, this movie hurts your brain when you look at it ... it makes you very little sense, it takes your whole collection even to try for a long time and understand what's going on and even at the end, the only thing you can be happy about is that on ... and you can say really sat! So in closure, if you want to see a film that will say "what is coming" regularly loudly and in your head, continue to lose an hour and 30 minutes and watch this out. <Br /> <br /> Mr Hopkins, when I praise you as an actor and praise your choice to take the lead in the lead .... Please, don't make a film like this again. In the future, try something less dependent on writing a bigger story than camera techniques that have a view of the viewer and headache.
