Due to the opportunity to write, directly to the stars in my own movie, I'd like to choose something about the women of the gun robot. Anthony Hopkins, however, decided to make the possibility of any incredible movie ever seen. "Slipstream" is a very strange movie even David Lynch would look at someone around him and say 'What's going on?' This is a movie where, in one place, a man crosses the road towards a yellow car towards the right which suddenly changes to the pink car towards the left. This is a movie where two characters have a conversation with the sticks of people who do not laugh and insects climbing the walls. This is a movie where a man begins to talk about the "Animal Invasion" only to the actress of a sudden film to show if he himself (and then disappears into thin air). This is a movie that decides to give us the need for a perfect program out of the window and use fifteen changes when doing it, as well as changing from black to white to color for the most obvious reason. <br /> <br /> I should, however, thank Mr Hopkins for his choice of actors in this film (some of them show many characters). All involved are separating themselves from their responsibilities, even if they do not know what they are doing. I loved here there was a Christian Slater hat in a hat that had a bad feeling while screaming and singing national American songs. Anthony Hopkins has been quoted as saying that he made this film as a joke and that is probably the best way to connect "Slipstream". It's a joke on the audience. You will look at it from beginning to end, trying to understand what is going on and hope that the answer will come, just discover that the answer is not really good. What punchline for this shock is, Anthony Hopkins will only know. I mentioned David Lynch early and I was a great fan of a certain director. I would think Anthony Hopkins shares my love for the "Twin Peaks" favorites, "Blue Velvet" and "Lost Highway". However, "Slipstream" is not enough as any Lynch movies, even though it is practicing many of its techniques (though I was surprised to discover that nobody speaks back in "Slipstream"). It is far from the chaos - if another inspector here said, it is a film version of Alzheimer's disease. Of course there is a small number out there who can watch this and draw something from them. Unfortunately for all of us, "Slipstream" quickly becomes a desperate experience and a mixture that was made only due to Hopkins's participation. Look at your own risk.
