Why Hollywood feels the need to restore movies that were very prioritized (the Chainsaw of Texas, Mountains and Eyes) but it is so bad why Hollywood feels the need to restore these awesome films that did not start (Prom Night, Amityville Horror) Much like their natural remakes fail in creating atmosphere, character or any real bad at all. The night is flat and not very good for looking, but for all the wrong reasons. It is not a good job, not very attractive and ultimately the failing of the journey that fails in everything planned to do. It is clear that Hollywood Horror is dead. Even the Lovers of the Mountains and the Eye of the Chainsaw of Texas could destroy their franchise in style and blood buckets and good plot. Night night is almost without blood and I even even mention how plot plot is. His ability to close criminals defines the film to make it worse than the original ... original. One of the most popular films of the 1980s comes back to the horror of films and this remake shows just how exciting high school dance can be true. Donna Keppel (Bretagne Brittany) has survived a great tragedy, but now time has come to leave behind and celebrate her prom promising fashion. <br /> <br /> When the last great night finally, Donna and his best friends prepare to enjoy their last swelling of high school to live and stop until morning. But when Donna wanted to look back to her dreams and for a bright future, a man who thought she had run away ever returned to the last rhythm. An emerging killer is free, and he will kill anyone who tries to prevent him from reaching his single Donna. Who will live to see the day of graduation, and what will Donna do when she is forced to face her great fear? Scott Porter, Jessica Stroup, and Dana Davis star participant in the slasher remake which will have young tuxedo-clad everywhere to worry about their shoulders as they out out on the dance floor. A plan that might leave them to see this. Witch if you ask me it is good. <br /> <br /> Not working with, McCormick for beauty tries to combine milk tension outside the most restricted state. At one time, the girl returns to the floor of the floor (lighting!) And McCormick tries to strengthen for a while. The times of despair actually call for desperate steps. There have not been many of these shots buttons since the last IKEA list. <br /> <br /> In the Morning Hills, My Sweet Sweet 16 and Taking a Predator, there is probably a freaky film, scary for destruction from the interesting products and humor of society and the beauty of young people. This is not a film. <br /> <br /> My last decision? Avoid at all costs. No one will love Prom Night, even it is a disappointment for people who enjoy remakes work. Considering its absolute lack of blood or fear. Night you will have to quickly forget.
