.... The best twelve movie reports. Especially "LA Story" of Steven Martin, which at least had a favor to be exposed to the false even though it had her girlfriend playing her girl in the film. Yes, boys and girls, "20 Dates" It's chaotic, although I don't know exactly that the intentions of Myles Berkowitz began. My feeling is that he started the project half carefully, then realized quickly that it would be pathetic and not funny unless he made the situation more and more ignorant. For this reason, the whole thing has a sense of meaningless, inexpensive and senseless about it. As a clear person, the film has two "dates" that appear and keep precautions on Myles and still appear in the film, which is not possible if it needed a permission form. It also seems to me that most of the women who seem to be "date" are professional artists (albiet is not popular, except Tina Carrere) - they are also very clear, thin, thin and comfortable in front of the camera for average civilians. <br /> <br /> Sir. Berkowitz makes a typical error by just throwing this kind of a very good actress, instead of using various loyal women, which can have made the foundation (even in mockumentary) more reliable and funnier. He also inspires the real problem of the world, and which is the character of the film and the real world Myles Berkowitz seems to be unemployed (his real IMDb credit life is impossible, except this film). Even in the movie world, his former wife rejected him because he has never been employed. I think the viewer (just leave the days of Mr. Berkowitz's real life) deserves the details that he can live in one of the most expensive urban environments in the US, in a luxury apartment, a conventional car and eating out at a restaurant prices when he has not seen source of any income. (Is he a drug dealer? Living for his rich parents? No clue!) <br /> <br /> You can leave with anything in the film, if the joke is true. "Dates 20" is pain, shame UN-funny. Mr Berkowitz's idea of ​​a joke is to have his character, during a restaurant date, to announce to his colleagues how the food used is possible to give him or her to diarrhea or constipation - a type of WORST childish humor. It is not surprising to discover that Mr. Berkowitz did not make a film before "Dates 20" and over the past 8 years, he did not make one film, it seemed like an actor in someone else's film or wrote or produced any kind of credit. My humidity tells me that this film was not sponsored by "Elie" (a gangster financier who looks off-camera) but more likely by Mr. Berkowitz's parents, or perhaps represents the misuse of credit cards. However, we can rest easy that we can't see Myles Berkowitz or his creative efforts. Hallelujah !!!
