It is very bad but it seems a false fiction film that faces special effects of disgusting, acting evil, and the story of ignorance. The movie opens with a return line from Mars and a woman and a man with a green hole in his hand. He, through some hokey plans, begins to say what happened on this horrible journey if all the zones seemed to have been canceled. Four specialists are walking this journey: a military type played by Gerald Mohr, Humphrey Bogart a poor man who enjoys saying "Ireland" and has a codfish reserve, then there is Naura Hayden, a red-colored female and female female member with men The three are wearing the most suitable suits that can accelerate all the stones, next, Les Tremaine, a good actor character from cheap films like this as a hehead, and last, Jack Kruschen as Sammy - a young man from Brooklyn and joke and very vicious though has been chosen for its expertise in electricity. None of these artists are good, and they all say their discussion with little loyalty. Watch Tremaine as he says that there is no scientific meaning! True, the better the fourth is Kruschen - and that really says a lot about this film. But the bad act aside, the movie just falls off when they land on Mars through flashback. The red planet of the planet had a real cheap budget because Mars is actually South West America and a red tint on it. When the story calls something that can look at the Martian, there are animations imposed by a red tint on them. You can tell them the drawings Drugs are probably the worst when we get the Bat-rat spiders with more than 40 feet that looks like other kids have met and beat dead animals together. Another big organ is the large amoeba and the eye of oscillation. Whew! These are bad. There is a beautiful drawing of the city of Martian, but there just did not have enough for this in the film. Despite all these major problems, Red Planet Wrath is a bad film. It's really interesting to see how we've come as far as civilization. Most of the items they used in the film did not have time. One boy uses an electric cord and a string and I think they can get to Mars but still use a string. Director Ib Melchior gives an interesting view of many films even with budget constraints, but his story with Sid Pink does not come out. And how does it end with music and psychedelic colors? Groovy man!
