A spaceship returns from Mars; about a few months earlier, a 4-man trip was sent to a red planet. Many of the images are flashback for what went through there. The photo is closed with modern, written, typical of the many sci-fi efforts of fifty-six years. Remember, for example, how the captain of the ship (Mohr) tells another member of staff 'stay there' without a reason; if moving on another spot into the ship will cause a problem. Later, the commander ordered the two staff to remain in the ship when he and another go out. The two ordered to say 'no way' and follow out; I had no great hope of success for the trip to this point. There is much talk about 'hearing ears' and embracing a gun gun called 'Cleo' (for a short time to Cleopatra, of course). It would have been at least a delightful, without giving birth, if the story did not bother. <br /> <br /> There is very little speed for anything around; scientists are spending a lot of time looking at the shipping port of the ships (which change the color from red to blue), commenting on what they see, as they do out to explore. The martian area, which has been declared to be held in 'Cinemagic,' often corresponds to the removal of drawings, or drawings, beaten through orange-red filters to provide an illusion of collaborators, which take an unusual appearance to appear because of the process . But I do not think it is folly any more than 10 years. One of the cautious men I discovered was that the memory of the astronaut who lived could be triggered by a false state, in order to describe the unusual condition of the martian vista. Oh, right ... I was interested in other astronaut actions when they began to explore; right on the bat, they test their guns to freeze the plant, kill it, just for its hell. Then a female member has a tantrum for what she thinks is a tree but turns into a foot of the spider's hip. Nice go, woman. See next time. It is not surprising that the 'mind' on Mars faces and does not care that one of the lowest, huge amoeba, will not attack the surveillance. Acting is not very good. Mohr in particular, had a very frightening approach, saying a line and then suddenly entered into a great grin which always creeped me out - reminded me! Terror from More Space. The latter is the right anti-climactic; do not expect any greater revelation than 'no more travel' and cancel a gun called Cleo.
