60 minutes in beautiful Christina Galbo tries to escape a special boarding school that has brought at the beginning of the movie. What? He runs from some sort of horrible too horrible to imagine, monster, black-gloved killer, or common evil? No, he runs from a group of heroes. For the next 40 minutes, various figures are walking around the school in the dark candelabra that are shocked or bothered, which don't say much to you because the big movies have been done about it but if you're going to have characters walking along the corridors and staircases you better be Alain Resnais or you better know how to light the same staircase in bright apple reds and purples like Mario Bava. We know that the killer hits the school circle but the counting of his body is sad and spontaneous and by the absence of visceral fears that he hopes to find in the giant, we do not know the secret hidden secrets that have not been realized around the system of divination and divinity and loyalty. it's a kind of movie La Residencia wants to be but doesn't know how to do it. We know something that is exaggerated because girls are lacking but we can't find a strange environment that says "something big f-cking wrong here, man". Serrador is trying to comment on the sexual repression of female students, he does so by blowing and forbidding the eyes and details of the deviation of the lips when high puts music "this-is-amazing" that follows. There is no splendid beauty and desire of PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK to be found here. It is both small and insignificant, without real sense of urgency or direction. The number of people is presented as suspects but there is little reason to maintain the identity of the killer who may not be known to the characters in the film. I like to kill the first, a knife-knife picture passed over the victim's face as a club club back, but others are also not available for my taste. I tell Serrador very well for children to kill and the sun paranoia of WHO can kill a child?
