In fact, you may not see any women in love in this movie, but you will surely hear women talking about love, and men talk about love, and women talk about men, and men talk about women, and men talk about men, and everyone is talking about of death, and talking, and talking, until you yourself will need to shout and do something that doesn't need to talk all the time, like drawing your bedroom or your water plants. Welcome to the world of DH Lawrence, where psychologically-babble emperors become great, and where no one can get a good life because everyone is too busy talking about how their lives do not produce them. Spend time with characters in the D.H novel. Lawrence is like being locked in a closet with a group of your more advanced friends who would run if you met them at a party. When I read "Women in Love," I longed to resist every single character in it, but since I could not, I had hoped they would at least fight. Alas, only one of them dies, not for destruction, and I will not destroy you by telling you who, if you give them freedom about this story or any of these people. To give to Kenyan director Ken Russell due to his reason, he makes this edition published as an entertaining if it is possible to write this novel story. He gives us a lot of psychological shapes which Lawrence accepted, and takes into account all the cheapest places, so we get lots of interesting scenarios in the beds and fields, two male fighters fighting with fire, and one area with embarrassing Alan Bates buck naked again) around the garden and making love to the forest and grass (I don't give birth). Glenda Jackson won Oscar for his performance as Gudrun, who is more than two sisters in the story of the story, and certainly tries to do something for this information; anyone will be eligible for Oscar only for Russell's decision to give him a place where he needs to play pigs in front of a visible herd. Oliver Reed has one explanation, bright bright. The whole thing has been written more and is more focused, and it is a fun camp. Indeed, this crowded with "Dear Mommie" as maybe an odd movie that I have ever seen.
