"Prom Night" is just a remake of the flick of the 1980 slasher which starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This film takes place in the city of Oregon, where Donna (Bretagne Brittany) wants to go to her senior senior and allow fun after experiencing the worst events in the past few years. He and his friends arrive at the prom, which is held in a large hotel, and try and enjoy what should be the most happy night of their lives. Anyone who knows little, Donna's old man, who hated him for many years, is also in prom ... and is ready to kill anyone by looking for him. <br /> <br /> I'm a original fan "Prom Night", so I tried to maintain a little hope in this film, but I must admit that I was desperate. "Prom Night" is experiencing the worst trouble movie of fear may be, and that's predicting. There is quite a surprise here, and I felt I saw everything in this movie done several times, often better, before. What? What does this have to the audience? Deficiency. Unquestionably you have never seen any awesome movie, or part of the pre-teen group, but most of the audience will be more likely to feel almost everything that will happen. The program is simple, but the entire script does not exist any kind of surprise, misleading, atmosphere, or anything, and this really, hurts the movie because it does not give the whole audience anything to sink their teeth. All seemed just bland. Many people seem to complain to the fact that this is a PG-13 movie of the slasher too, and I understand what they say, but I don't know it is impossible to make a good movie of slasher and a small bit. Take the "Halloween" of the Beatles for example - a little to no on the screens of the screens, but it's still an awesome and very effective movie. You do not need to make a film to be afraid, but even had a "Night Night" had free brutality (which is not, it's very bad), it would still have added a bit to the film because there is not much in the script to build on start with. The tension and doubt here is the lighter, and I used many films to predict the outcome of the situation, and it was appropriate about 99% of the time. Our characters are not well-written or for the audience to communicate with them, and their demolition is common and unnatural. I will show you a few things that I did like this movie, though, because it was not completely free - the movie is very good, and everything was beautiful and beautiful. Among the "fly" season (which is much more predictable), there were few who were wise. The set for movies is also good and the hotel is a good place of the plot opened, however possible to be opened can be. For acting, it is the best mediocre. Brittany's snow is leading well, but in fact all breaks do not show us many talents. Johnathan Schaech plays a human, and perhaps a more experienced actor here, but even he is not good. However, I liked the character he played, which was a positive change from a 'masked-stalker' killer we see a lot. By the end of the end, the last fifteen minutes of the film have been bored for the end of my wit and it was anti-climactic. Overall, "The Great Night" was a disappointment. Everything had a number, frequent, and predictable, which is exciting to consider this was likely to be a good movie of the slasher. There was a little short time, but the film had no doubts or skies, and it had little development of conspiracy, or no reliable characters. I would like to advise fans of the terrible season to save their money and wait out on the video, or rent it instead, because there is quite a surprise here. Some may find a little entertainment in it, but it was also predictable to my taste. I expected the best, and I came out of the theater. 3/10.
