I did close to the fool when I was going to start this review by saying "this movie reminded me of BILLY ELLIOT" but then I looked at the resume's author of the screen Lee Hall just knowing that he was a man who wrote BILLY ELLIOT so it's Mr Hall who makes himself a fool to me. br>> Am I very brutal about it? There is no reason why Lee has something that many screens from UK do not have - He has his foot door, has written a successful film of the UK which won the prize and made money at the box office and what does he do next? He gives the audience more than the same <br /> <br /> Young Jimmy Spud lives in the kitchen of sinking. He is attacked at school and no one loves him. The only thing that prevents him is that he hopes to be a dancer of the ballet. No one really hopes to be an angel but considering his family can also be a dancer of ballet. He has the tears of a father who thinks "Ballet players are a group of lids when his grandfather says" Ballet players are as hard as anyone can meet him. I remember seeing the ballet of Bolshoi ... "Yup Ballet is the main point of talking about running under the British councils these days - NOT. Come to think is the left politics of the wing that seems to be the sole storage of middle class gooders living in the house good good, so soon everything about this setup feels false lies .. /> <br /> Another great criticism is that this is a film that has no clue which is trying to appeal. The wrong times (IN INSIDE IN DAY AT 6 AM) but expressed this at 2 am and at once they saw it. Based on this story involves politics, play for ballet (Gawd I hate it) lung cancer and poverty no way this can be seen to be relevant to the audience of the family but since the main actor is a 11-year-old and has a players and ballet players (don't talk to me if I seem to have a feeling The subject - did not need to mention their t o) there is not much here for adult adult listeners either. <br /> <br /> Of course if Lee Hall was told in the development stage of the script and producers that he should write a story with a school school and an angel and strongly refused to say that he wanted to write on other themes and stories then I would apologize but in the movie you get the impression that once the film is finished it will be prepared for the same audience who enjoyed BILLY ELLIOT
