Years after the collapse of the major agencies, the world has fallen into a new dark age where cyborgs are harvested for their parts. Money, the female cyborg, travels to the soil doctor to receive information that she is pregnant. During the flight from the Recyclers (bounty hunters who hunt cyborgs), Finance is trying to find a way to go to Cytown, a refugee cyborgs session. Cyborg 3: The Recycler "is the third (and the last so far) to enter the trilogy of CYBORG. The first film was originally planned to be good for MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE, but it was quickly returned to the most common martial arts competition which became a cult of ethnicism due to its practical events. CYBORG 2: The workforce was a good one that changed over its predecessor but it was not very visible (and was cut by a few who saw it as cheap food) The first two films (the first was a fun film the second was a cyberpunk story of smart) but unfortunately it lacks both errors. The budget was obviously less than the CYBORG 2, and the film set out in the desert wastelands (such as many film after the fall of the 90s were), around the old industrial buildings to save costs. The film's story describes the plot of the plot, which is the cyborg of pregnancy, which is amazing as it is amazing (this film is not the first to try the idea, the AVA series of OVA ARMITAGE III uses it for large scale). But the film comes to the same trap of many low budget budgets becomes a victim, in fact that the organisms (synthetic organisms featured) are not over androids. Visual effects are much more than weapons of damage & effects of flowers. Acting is very good for this kind of film, and the leading actor (Khrystyne Haje) becomes a very good-performing actor. Instead of enjoying the information she is pregnant, she does everything with sand. His collaborative stars are much better, Malcolm McDowell is the most common type of gangster who creates visible events in & Richard Lynch as much happier as the great villain. For some information is Andrew Byniarski, playing the right man of Lynch, who will later be seen in THE Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE remake & its prequel.
