It is surprising that two stars meet people were a pair of film stars who came into the middle of the television and became the most successful and all went to the end of the objects and enjoyed the state of tycoon on small screens. Lucille Ball however is not the main star, which would come up with television. On the side of Dick Powell he wanted to leave the film if he met people and his work of salvation would be coming to his next film. I think the only reason that Dick Powell made the film was because the little player from MGM was thrown in a special number and he had seen him then. His personal time with June Allyson was much better than what we see on the screen. Powell seems to be bored and can't pronounce any kind of feeling at all. He was tired of making these ingredients for the silly squares, the kind of flight from Warner Brothers from. The original edition of meeting with the people was not a show book, it was ruddy and fled the 1940-41 season in Broadway for the 160 exhibitions. Some of the symbols had come together from a song of a few and many, no songs remembered. Of course you think some of the source equipment is from Burton Lane, E.Y. Harburg, Harold Arlen, and Rodgers & Hart. These guys should only have given shoots to the material. The plan is a sillier than many pieces of music propaganda at that time. Powell is a reporter of a meeting called Meet The People and he is a sailor who succeeds on a lottery lottery and star Lucille Ball. He is interested, eager, all interested in revue, but the creation of nature sets them apart to the end. That's a short film. <br /> <br /> MGM has given Powell and ball some of the most beautiful music works which are the main reason to look at meeting people. The great bands of Vaughn Monroe and Spike Jones are here and a picture of my film is Bert Lahr wearing a suit of commodore as Lou Costello had a series of dreams in The Navy. Song Heave Ho written by Arlen and Harburg who wrote to Lahr, The Brave Number of Wizard Of Oz. And if almost everyone in the world has seen the film, you have the idea of ​​Heave Ho is like. Dick Powell's second film was killing Muramu My which has finally sought an adieu not very popular music. And Lucy would have to wait for television before the world could see what she could do.
