"New Friend Friend" is another entry into "steal another woman's life" a small-genre; The best which is "Single White Female" and "Mobile Crashle"; The worst that you can find almost any afternoon on the Lifetime Channel. For some reason this kind of identity theft happens to women alone. <br /> <br /> There are two basic ways to play this story. You can make an evil woman at the beginning and enable the audience to look at as she draws and executes her bad plan. Or you are using misdirection to make him a good person, as a series of incidents that seem unlikely will be interesting until he is made worse in the weather zone. Unfortunately, the creators of the "New Best Friend" could not decide how they wanted to play and things get lost and burn earlier. We meet first with Alicia (Mia Kirshner) using the financial assistance office for academic finance. Now we know that he is a bad person and he will see all his activities next to doubt. But the director and editor seems to have forgotten that this revelation was made and using the next 50 minutes to put the misdirection to make us think that Alicia is a good person. This introduces the only element of suspension, not on that he is evil but about when the director and editor will enjoy it and stop losing our time with a clear misdirection. "New Best Friend" is faced with many more from the boy's boycott boy's old age to show his first-class students. There are actually only two major parts, Hadley (Meredith Monroe) and Alicia (Kirshner). They were 31 and 26 respectively during production. It is about to work for Kirshner, a 26-year-old while she plays the Alicia player's music but it is being converted into Alicia's inspired version. From Monroe is just a joke, about having Nicholette Sheridan trying to adopt as a class student on "Lizzie McGwire". He appears close to the middle life crisis rather than the time sheet. Manufacturers should have too much debt because this issue of age continues with many helpers. Taye Diggs who plays the sheriff of the city is smaller than most students. The foundation is that Hadley and two rich party girls (played by Dominica Swain-21-year-old Rachel True-age 35) are a low-level university. They share (like a student's home) a house that is more beautiful and better than Real World-New Orleans house (the most reliable is the moms of soccer play students). Alicia goes into the house and begins to take the life of Hadley. Swain has finally found someone to sleep with him from his generation so so two can have a lesbian area. Swain's help is the only thing about "New Best Friend" and its love area with Kirshner is amazing, so it's cool and art that is not recommended by other groups, perhaps it was mixed with the good director and cinema movies. > ina ina ina ina ina ina ina About half the time of Kirshner's screen you use non-pipeline lies in his mouth. It is not a good job to move to Mia. <br /> <br /> Then again, what do I know? I am just a child.
