Watching this film I can only go with my experience as the last week's hero to make my basic training in July, August, and September 1971 in the area of ​​the world garden, Fort Polk, Louisiana. Taking the Top Stadium was nothing like me to remember basic training. <br /> <br /> But one should remember when this was post Korea that ended in a collision, but it was a common battle as we knew them. There was no Vietnam, the war of the jungle where we continued to put the bonds in the bottomless pit. The Draft was then unacceptable, but was accepted as it is still necessary for the protection of the country. Richard Widmark is an elder in Korea who has now put the government on his way to train soldiers to go abroad. The film is about one of his training courses and men of the compound he uses. They are the most common type you can get close to any films from the last decade. One thing I will praise for taking a high base is the fact that MGM recognized our army is now connected with the presence of William Hazard as a black employer on the field. It was in considering the spirit of times that changed. But I will tell them that jobs like Russ Tamblyn would be healed by his mouth mouth one day. Richard Widmark was not at risk of death or being cautious to give Jerome Courtland the courage. And no way would have been very worried about Robert Arthur deserting. He has allowed parliamentarians to deal with him. <br /> <br /> Of course you have to shoot and close to the Bliss Fort and El Paso, Texas gave them a Ground High legitimate good. But look like a recruitment army and you can understand why the government made a passion for the day. I remember the sergeants of their digging and their small disputes that you can take when you didn't worry about them getting your case for something that was 95% of the time. But there is no way that Karl Malden will have slugged Widmark out during training in front of several witnesses among employers. Both would have realized that it would have led to the power, something that the military did not allow to happen. I would like to say something better about Taking Ground High because I certainly like to give us a talent, it's talented Director Richard Brooks, even the head of silly and Dimitri Tiomkin and Ned Washington, clean from their Oscar before Top Day. The movie got a Oscar selection for Best Screenplay and a story with Millard Kaufman. It must be in the open mind of Kaufman.
