We see the body of a dead girl in the morgue and the coroner trying to bind the girl's eyes, but whatever she tries will not continue to open. After this we move into the future and we follow a group of old school friends who hide the horrible secrets, but suddenly start to get picked directly through many grisly ways. Through the flashbacks we learned about this horrible suicide of a shy girl who was trying to be one of the group, but she was bound by them because they drowned her past and found some incredible events. So, is he back from the grave wanting to take revenge? <br /> <br /> Is a great and regular story! Yes, that's what I expect to say. And 'hope' was as good as it was. This is an unforgettable, so-so flick of fear that I really look before, but I went into thinking it was my first look. So he was very surprised when I began to pick up some things, but as I said it was a combination of totally forgetful that you felt like looking at again. "Fantasy" is just another type of field that adds to the 'few' changes on gruel. The terms on the story of the common spirit involving you guess right? look bad, spirit revenge chick. But despite my negativity of being the same age, the old story and jolts. This one type of delivery during being grisly and entering some creepy displays. Deaths are vividly displayed and bite with some natural. and lighting lighting lights. The area that involves the horrible spirit of one of the girls is one experience of bleeding, but in fact when it doesn't try to scare her. I found it very important and I thought about getting an eye focus. That may be complicated, but it just did not go anywhere of any interest among those shock time. You can say that because the secret is not really true, the fictional story is just a flat and the characters are a selfish group that cares exactly what it does for them. The included story should focus more on the spirit than those of these characters who have a group of uncertainties. It exchanged its cards to become more dirty and took too long to find that when it comes to the peak it is very clear. The last haunting film is high, though. <br /> <br /> The movie looks good, though it could be done without a snazzy, quick editing of fire and music logo was a good shock in playing and feeling. The exhibition hits a narrow line, but Gyu-ri Kim has a powerful role in leading. It is not a new thing that causes doubt, but if you look at the past that provides some good thrills. Although, I have taken care of these rather than lethargic, despite strange wonders. The usual effort round I think, but it's still the same.
