That is Stan and Ollie's voice around their graves. <br /> <br /> I cannot emphasize listing the basic errors of this movie because it is obviously going without saying. Little things, like this being "All the new Adventures of Laurel and Hardy" despite the dead star for more than thirty years when they were made. Little things like that. The worst idea will be having buffon actors who just happen to be called Laurel and Hardy. As bad as that, it would have worked. For a very bad idea, try to give two executives to execute the duo. Okay, they may claim to be infants, but the final result is the same. Bronson Pinchot can be funny. Okay, don't forget his guest's wacky "Cousin Larry" player in Perfect Tourists, and look at him in the Truth of Romance. Here, however, he eliminates. It may not be all his fault, and, as a director and helper - all who are better than material - perhaps he just needed money. There are those who say Americans find it difficult to acquire an effective English skills. This reason is not supported here by Pinchot. What is Stan? Welsh? Irani? Pakistani? It is only at Stan yelp's trademark, though if the yelp has passed over the run point it is not something to write at home. Gailard Sartain makes a little good like Ollie, although it's saying what is wrong - to enter the dog's dirt or kick in knackers? <br /> <br /> Remember the nature and time of division of division, work of architecture and common love? Well, none of them, they have been changed by two ignorant people and jokes to be destroyed, you can close it by means of shortcomings. Although nature had plots that could be inserted into several panels, this has a mummy hokum (and what is well-known!). I can't claim that I have seen every one of Laurel and Hardy's 108 movies, but I think it's a safe bet that even their nadir was a league before this. <br /> <br /> Maybe the main problem is that the original nature of playing itself, or at least use their own accents. It was at least felt natural and uninhabited, as opposed to Pinchot and Sartain's hidden images. And since then Stan do malapropisms, and many in it? "I was going to give you a standing hole"; "I would like to send my friend." Leave! The only special time known is Bozo Clown's memory, the character of the cartoon that participated in the taste of L & H of Larry Harmon. Harmon undoubtedly bought a copyright name (how horrible to see Laure after Laurel and Hardy) and was a co-director and producer of this reserve. Questions are full. Should Stan and Ollie live if they were alive today? Would it be glass mummies and broken bottles? What? Stan is being beaten in a secret place with a spear and ends up in a great CGI finale? Let's not be optimistic. <br /> <br /> I laughed at once, but I think that was just in unbelief on how terrible it all. Why did this film take place first place? Did the creators think they would like? It is possible that the worst movie I have ever seen, was totally reluctant to look after just the first five minutes. About the great pleasure like having your head hit on the vice when the red-hot poker and the running stars are put in force for your back passage.
