In Sholay's differences, Ram Gopal mounted well within what can be called an unknown district where the blockbuster takes a new shape. Thakur goes to the south.Mohanlal as Narsimha police inspector whose family has been killed seeking revenge Madrasi style. The feeling is South India completely opposed to Thakur from the north. The removal of the hands of Thakur and Gabbar are also cut by the fingers in Aag. Therefore, cutting costs are cut because there is no effort to hide hands instead of a long-shoulder shoulders covers with fingers toes. Moreso at the peak where Thakur uses his feet and says "Tere Liye for peer hi kafi alive" here Narsimha uses his finger stubs to kill the gun and kill the villain. Babban, a new avtar of gabbar is also different. He is not from Bihar or UP. He is Bambaiya. Gabbar's great laughter is also in two phases this time and is more than a failure. Babban asks Diwali instead of Holi and romance Urmila instead of Helen in Mehbooba. also plays and enjoys playing with Abhisheh who plays Jalal Agha in Mehbooba.Babban is more intelligent at this time. He blows aple and asks a question that made Isaac Newton discover the laws of innovation. Basanti is more verbose than Ghungroo Auto driver. Nisha Kothari can't play the driver of the car and it seems too fake to use words like 'leisure' and 'very' and abandon homosexuals. Viru was happy when Ajay Devgun is the task of the role. God is speaking to Basanti's incident and shooting lessons and the Koi Haseena song and the water tank is painful. The water tank turns to good and Devgun drunk is very bad in the sequence that the audience would want him to commit suicide. Jai was created to be bad. Prashant Raj is better than others because we don't expect anything from him. But it also includes the sequence of Mausi. He is not as a lover like Jai and mouth mouth. The role of playing with Sushmita is changing. The clean housewife returns to be a doctor at this time entering the full-time social service after her husband was killed. He also has no pain that Jaya was shown. Its flirtations and Jai are more open this time. Samba gets a great responsibility at this time as Tambe. It must clear the gun and answer Gabbar's questions at this time. He follows Babban wherever he goes and is the most watchful out of the cave. Horse provides a way for Jeeps and auto. The hiding of Gabbar here continues to change and Ramgarh becomes Kaliganj. All in all is more spoof than anything else. RGV comes with its own classic interpretation. But we remember the original nature even after three decades that our minds refuse to accept stylized versions and modified conversations. So we call it spoof. So Mr. RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao jail) refuse to fix it and start to do nature.
