Sholay: It is considered one of the largest films. I always wondered if they could fix that classic. That's when RGV announced this film and I was happy to see it. I always thought that maybe this would be a good movie, but every week we could here RGV change something. And the movie is a very B-grade movie, something that I did not expect. I tried to find the best, but I promised to put Sholay out of my mind. The movie is awesome. The movie tries to be its own. But that's on the top side. The process of action is weak. Screenplay was capable. The main file is edit. No events are exciting. For example, the comedy cycle felt very out of place and forced. Surprisingly because comedy was like entertainment in nature. And no characters organized. And no events will continue until the end. And the end was very misleading. The big question is. Amitabh Bachchan was as good as Gabbar Singh, nothing big. It seemed as much emphasis on his look, that the attitude looked just terrible, but you can't get creeped out. Mohanlal is difficult in the film, but it attracts its few events. Ajay Devgan was good. It was not very performance, gave it all, it was a weak script. Prashant Raj is very confident, and has the ability to do so away from the best movies. I had many expectations for Sushmita Sen, who was perhaps better. He was explaining, but this is still not enough. Nisha Kothari was surprised. He seemed to be worried about a lot, but his sense of feeling after his friend's death was quite good. It seems like she needs to find a director who will help her talent, not her good. But what is very broken is chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj were not seen as friends. Ajay-Nisha were not a strong couple. No enthusiasm was found between Sushmita and Prashant. And Amitabh and Mohanlal did not have the bad desire they needed. <br /> <br /> About the songs, they love the most. Urhila Mehbooba was very big and I was very sleepy. It was very good. Holi's number was fun, but it doesn't remember. Same went to other songs. For someone who looked at this movie, I was very disappointed. I had great hope for RGV because of its Jungle, but it looked like he lost his talent during the shooting of this film. But hopefully she gets her talent to Sarkar Raj. But this film is best to forget. How much hasn't yet been made for an interesting movie.
