ALL EDUCATION: - Finally AAG long awaits screens. Unfortunately, it was not possible to keep the fire burning for the audience. The first thing to talk about the movie is the idea of ​​restoring a powerful SHOLAY. And Varma made a good choice to change the overall movie. If he returned to the back of Ramghad, people will again say nothing new in this. Different trends are appreciative but the way he has presented is inappropriate. From the beginning of his work with SIVA in Telugu, he had been using the same lighting and nature. I seriously dunno this man Varma is thinking about lighting or not or he may have no other lighting techniques unless Gordon willis GODFATHER. DUTCH DUTCH DUTCH DUTCH DUTCH. Why some body uses many horns of the Netherlands and the severe shots around !!!!!!! The divisions of the shot are lame. Characterization can not bear feelings, exhibitions are not for their score, Talking to stories is worse, Background is really awesome. Babines: - Amitabhz has placed priority over his work. VARMA produced many criminals like Bikumatre, Bhavtakur Das, Mallik Bhai but this time failed in drawing every time the best Indian Cinema characters. There is no comparison with Gabbar and Babban. Babban is more psychologically than man, still has a soft corner for his brother (It is a gift in this movie). Amitabhz's performance is not his score. His view is very sad. Severe on his nose, shows the forgotten criminals of black and white movies. Those who worked on Babban did not succeed. Babban is not comparing with Gabbar. Narsimha: - The first thing about this behavior is not to keep the audience in doubt about his hands. If varma did this, it would be like teaching ABCD to the owner of a degree degree. Itz good opened secret early. But the flashback is sad. Varma could not use a good actor as a mohanlal for his score. Duration: - Characteristics only. This behavior has been improved by satisfactory changes and was used according to the story. Heroo, Raj, Ghunguroo: - No body affects or at least you see these characteristics. The complete failure of the movie to start when the director could not work in close friendship between our heroz. These characters carry anything on this film. It is a downturn. AAG completely can be treated as a C-grade movie. Sholay is a fire of revenge, a city problem, a true friendship and a very interesting problem and enjoyment with Dharmendra. AAG has never been impressed with its characters. Telling stories is so weak that it cannot make the audience feel compassion for the characters. Don't compare AAG with sholay, you don't like it yet. <br /> <br /> If you're expecting to watch this movie. You will be active in RAMGOPAL VARMA KI AAG
