Okay. So I come again. Before I started my review, I would like to tell you one thing: I wanted to love this film. I know I've been bad in the past, but I was hoping to be surprised and actually come out liking the film. I've never been. It is not just that every picture of the seemingly possible fear is this. And not only the fact that they do everything a little in fear of flying (walking in baseball bat left on the floor? Are you kidding me?). It wasn't just awesome. One thing I was wondering about: there was more blood than I thought there would be. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with donna being dropped by Lisa's mother at her house. He comes ... he goes upstairs. Pans of the camera for his father died in bed. Spooky. He goes upstairs, where the previous baseball field is being done. He sees his brother on his bed, apparently dead (how could he tell him? He had no blood spot on it). The killer comes in, Donna hides under the bed, the mother dies. He comes out and cried for help. The killer behind him: "I did it for us." Cut off the treatment session. This confused many people - everyone was asking if their family did not die or if they thought - and explains how the practice of murder began to return. Discussing dialogue emerges. <br /> <br /> This ward to expedite quickly. Few events in the salon, go to the hotel. Certainly the killer is already in (for some reason, he ran 3 days ago but the police / family is not recognized even when they are already there). More filling goes. <br /> <br /> I'm going to go about what is happening in the film, because I don't want to destroy it very much. If you want to know who is dying, Horror_Fan made a post about it already. But on death issues: they were not so exciting. People in the theater laughed loudly (the experience I had never had horrible movies, even during the Heads of Birds) during several times. Specifically: the boy's boy boy who gives the face of the "scared" that I have ever seen. The only death involving blood is Lisa, and that was very low. His throat is facing, blood (if you can even call it that - it was common black) splatters on the object of the veil. The only blood was in Claire when we saw her body. Apparently, Fenton decided to beat him a few times after stirring him to death. Um, right? The movie was one of the most clichéd I've ever seen. Let's see here .. should be glass-glass-BOOM! area. See. Twice, in fact (you can tell the struggles). Important to support-killer. See. There is also a support-in-light area, but you have seen all of that. Oh, you say you want a bird-fly away to fear? Well, you got it! (Yes, they could get one of them here). And, in fact, just-we-have security-over-all-exits-but-he-still-escaped area. Will I continue? I could. For anyone who says characters are not stupid, are you helped? "Oh, although the big bell is ringing, you actually say PLEASE VACATE BUILDING, and my 3 friends don't lose, I'll go up to the top to get my bridge." These characters were some more criminals and ignorant characters ever. The only interesting character - Lisa - made one of the most stupid steps in the movie. "I discovered that psychology-teacher is here I must let my powerful partner back to run and I will show him! Oh, shot, elevator is to be slow? I think I'll take the level and run on the construction site!" At the end of the film, they all deserved to die. One death anyone felt because of Donna's partner (I can't even remember her name - is it bad?), And at that time, the audience was completely removed from this scary, clichéd film. <br /> There was some positive - the work was good for the most part, and it was well shot. But that's about it. <br /> <br /> I'd like to give 1/5, and that's generous. Just with laugh (and believe me, the audience had a few), and Snow Snow. Oh, and the answers were bad. Very bad. People were boo-ing after the movie to complete and the future buzz was very bad. He expects bad feet for this.
