I can't come up with enough words to describe the fear I had sat in the movie watching Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, half of the director of the tax payer in a typical western sound, Sholay. The main problem with the Varma remake is that he will not try to make a trusted film. It is evident in each chapter of this film that the heart of Varma is not in it. What you see on the screen is the worst player, the player of the film player, and hurt to see something else that shows the film that he claims to be a fan of all his life. Several films appear worse than years, but I can't remember one that has been suffering a lot of staying like this. Imagine yourself confident if you are able to live the whole film, because it examines your patience as a small film before. Varma can borrow a plot with characters from the original film, but its version is irrelevant and does not have any Spirit and Sholay power. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a disgrace of that timeless gem because it turns out that everything that the original film was not way-on-top, too long, and quite useless. The most popular time from Sholay is beaten by Varma and because you want to hit the neck. One of the most memorable events in Sholay which Dharmendra as Veeru is drinking water and threatening to death until his death turns to this film and Ajay Devgan plays Hero, taking his pistol to attack himself. How you want him to play the player and save us all the pain. Not only Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag failed as a remake of Sholay, it is a very bad attempt as a stand-alone film. The background color of eardrum damage looks more like a person who refuses kitchen kitchens, and the function of the camera expands between surprises faster and head. Participants in this horrible crime to bring this film of ignorance to show are the most dead-like-wood films. Sushmita Sen as Devi widow takes her place with the film very seriously, blowing her lines to suspension, looking at the camera for effect, and generally doing as her life depends on. Mohanlal as Narsimha, struggles with his Hindi talks and looks ashamed to offer some stupid lines in his wonderful work. The Prashant delegate Raj play Jai-same Raj has no acting chops to speak and can not move any of the brooding force Amitabh Bachchan brought to part in the original film. in his attempts to play. But a very weak video link, the most striking decision is Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who enters Hema Malini's shoes as Basanti, a delightful flight from Sholay. Nesha Kothari is not just the worst in the country, but perhaps the worst in the world around, it gives the word offensive to the new meaning, and makes you want to lose your wrists every time a screen. And then, there is Amitabh Bachchan playing Babban Singh, the Ramgopal Varma album of the famous movie cinema in Gabbar Singh. The only actor in this feature who understands the high sound of the film and plays together accordingly, Bachchan creates a terrible character which is treating the look. He intends to be a comic book who is snarls and sneers with sounds and hams, and he will do it all with good effect. But because he has suffered the business of destruction, his performance did not help much to promote the film in any way. There is no surprise here, I'm going to zero from twelve to two for Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, is one of the diagnostic exercises of screening that handle even the enemy. It's not like Varma hasn't done remake before. And Sarkar gave us a smart, promoting to take the godfather, and it is a pity he made this bhature this sholay out of a very popular favorite. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is his worst decision to work forever, it is also a dark spot on his resume will be an everlasting shame. I think this film will go down in the history of the film as Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
