The ceremony on its basis, "Anna" shows the real reality that all participants have the age, and sometimes, will disappear. Anna is a character who believes that America is her safety net, her house, and can't make her mistakes? but he refuses to disregard the work he does not believe. He is hard-nosed, optimistic, stubborn, and proud of his life, but not afraid to let others in, still stop them at a time notice. Anna flip-flops between selfishness, which makes this film the best of aging stars, but not the idea of ​​viewers viewers. "Anna" has been honored by his star Sally Kirkland, and his ability to get "grungy" for the role, but in 2008, "Anna" remains the mainstream of film culture. It is dated, lighter, and chaotic. Director Yurek Bogayevicz has a message hidden in "Anna" about the lies of Slovakia, both political and social, but Kirkland refuses to give her upstage. Bogayevicz does not fear playing with cameras, using wooden frames to allow Kirkland to stand out, and not fear to reduce the surrounding characters so that when you leave off the film, Kirkland remembers. If it is not clear, this film did not fit well with me. From the opening of the first and deep action within the second, "Anna" felt like a high school production. The characters were not present, there was no original story, and there was no definite time or place. There was Sally Kirkland, saying that he was better than other actors struggling for the same life that he wanted. Regularly meets a friend, a little girl who also traveled long distances to the United States with a glitz and delightful, and two of them (within 20 minutes) create a friendship that can break all the walls. It is emotionally stimulating and impossible. Again, randomly, we meet Daniel Daniel's boyfriend (played by Robert Fields weakened), who brings something to the table for clarity or character? just add emphasis to Anna Kirkland. By about two hours, we are looking at more random actions with unknown partners together to create a story that happens with free threads? and SALLY KIRKLAND. Arg, it bothers me to keep saying this but "Anna" may be an amazing film he had with Bogayevicz presented the same time between Anna, Daniel, and Krystina, but instead we have to get into one game whose emotional parts say more than the plot. <br /> <br /> Is this where Charlize Theron was found to be inspired for her legacy under "Monster", or Halle Berry in "Monster Ball"? Did Sally Kirkland one of the original managers find out that by voluntarily going to Oscar's behavior they will focus on their direction? In this film I was disappointed with the images of Kirkland of Anna, and the lack of excitement of Bogayevicz for anything else. Bogayevicz gives us a Anna that does not work hard for its parts, does not care about others, and usually means spirit? but we are feeling compassion for him? Near the beginning of the film, he emphasizes what he wants to do to others, and gets angry when he doesn't find his way. Indeed, my aging staff are appealing to them, but Kirkland builds a newborn character rather than maturity. Then "Anna" could improve. If this was a mature Kirkland, I would like to remove it, but this little baby Anna was not able to believe. When my favorite place was near the end where Anna is looking at one of her old films (with the strange characters of the disappearance) and the film burns, this place is also one of my little favorite. Anna has made a wonderful life for herself, creating a film and creating a dream, but when anyone gets into that care, she gets jealous and angry. This did not make the behavior I wanted to stand back and not win Oscars. With the original synthesizer of 80s of natural colors, the more invaders-cut higher, and the end of their residence (where it came from and what happened?) ?? "Anna" dropped off in the scope of amazing movies. It was a piece of display, an opportunity for a star to grow right over the world once more. In this it worked, but I don't think I will be shown again. Overall, I can't say that I was attracted to this film. "Anna" is not a film about the film of aging; is about Sally Kirkland, and only Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tries to do more with the story, but fails or because Kirkland did not allow or knows only that it is not enough to support the full story. There is one or two pictures in this film, but nothing promotes this film as creative or substantial. Bogayevicz did not create a character that viewers will believe, open it, or volunteer on Sunday afternoon? created hate. Kirkland was not Anna, she was a little actress and round. I probably missed the scope of this film, but what makes the film like this work is the cooperation of everyone involved. It wasn't here. In "Anna", Kirkland commands Daniel to act like a dog (it looks like an act of example) and even during any emotional scene, I could not help but I think that Kirkland was like those placed. He did not do it in the film, he turned it into its own production, and for that reason "Anna" failed. Can I recommend this to anyone? from Czech to another? skip! <br /> <br /> Bridge: * ½ from ***** (for the pesky display area that has come out)
