There are certain features of redemption on this show. One is that the tune of the theme has a decent song. The show has a beautiful Cluster. Also, maybe I'm a few, but I like Wanda. I love the truth he cares for, and it is the mother of the mother more than Timmy. However, despite all this, I don't like to show this, not evil but I find it very angry. I can't say that it's the best show on Earth Planet. When I spend that time to show the animation festival, I think about Peter Pan and the pirates, I think of Darkwing Buck, I think of Scooby Doo and guess the Talespin. And I hope I'm not the only one who loves Thornberrys of Wild and furious facts gets fun playing. Nor do I think the Evil Parents are showing the worst on the planet Earth. I agree it is sad, and in some ways it has interfered, but it's not the worst in Nickolodean. That is the Chalk Zone, the god is shown not known. But the worst exhibition that I have ever seen is Shaggy and Scooby Doo: Get a hint, which is very low, faint and say shy. One thing I didn't like about this show is animation. Characters, forgive me if I am wrong, have a lot of features, and a lot of nature is lighter and have no color that makes Spongebob Squarepants and Thornberrys Wild have a good look. Participants without the exception of Wanda I am very pleased. I can't believe the sound actor like Tara Strong (aka. Charendoff) who announced Timmy. Timmy I don't see much like a guiding habit at all, he becomes angry and sometimes sad, and is also a poor judge too. And his voice gets nerves. I really like Power but not in this show. Another characteristic of anger is Cosmo, a characteristic that is considered strange. Instead, his joke is like you like as they could be. They are either), or b) on skills. Timmy's parents are horrible characters, who should not be over their child, and their behavior is well-dressed. <br /> <br /> The story line is very unoriginal in many places, and I continue to think, where I have seen this before. Events after the arrival of the child I thought was not sure. Then it is a very, very unqualified scripture, infants, ignorant and suffer from a lack of energy. For all, it is not the worst, but not poor for the animation fan, and they are not worried to stay. 3 / 10- there are features of redemption, and I understand as much as people love it. Bethany Cox
