I started looking at this show perhaps near 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course, when I was younger and enjoy some joke on this show. I was 11 years old in 2003, and I am now 14 (2007). Although my age may have a huge role in how I judge this show, after reading the reviews of others, I came to see that after the third season, this show decreased to bear. I agree. Show this is horrible, repeat again and usually takes into account the plot. The show in around Timmy Turner, who was given two godparents of fairy because because her life was really terrible - her parents were not close, and she had a very good baby. The whole show program is that this child (Timmy) and his Godparents always love some damage that cannot be prevented by making other desires, because something in the "Da Code" says they can't. The show has many lines that continue to be repeated, as "magic can not break true love, super toilet" or even some scummy jokes lines which Nickelodeon probably thought was funny and decided to put in a different period of time. <br /> <br /> The show is aimed at younger children than 10, because it involves a great situation with a "kid test" that most of my children don't care. Choice of character sounds can be better too. Timmy has a very loud, amazing voice, female voice like Cosmo. Wanda looks like an old woman. Timmy's father looks like hosting a concert or a sound game, the mother's voice of Timmy is exaggerated by the female voice. The view in this show is: in some cases, Timmy speaks back and acts damaged and cooked. Wanda seems to be wise and wise. Cosmo is stupid, dumb and can't think of the father of Timmy. Timmy's mother seems to end up doing whatever the father of Timmy. It is too far away from reality to get likings my again. Maybe as a little child, I could see more humor in this show, but if I grow up, it grows. And not to scream or to "tremble" but the show has those thoughts that make you want to carry out childbirth activities. This summary should only be your view, if you know what I'm saying. If not, it really hates you.
