I can't stand this show! What? There is one quality of redemption, a single punchline, or a single line of conspiracy that "did not" the ordinary viewer will appear in a bowl of cornflakes soggy? <br /> <br /> sounds. Oh, those terrible, sad sounds. Akin repeat on a regular set of dust, a set of each type is the only despair in its aptitude in the nose, nose, and nose. Cosmo looks like a player who shouted, Vicky looks like a shrew, and Timmy's father makes every line of voice like the bad game of the game of the game (Guy Smiley from "Sesame Street" comes to mind). Animation is bad; even the producers of "Yu-Gi-Oh!" laugh at a very beautiful artwork on this show. Each character has a handbag, or a square head, or a three-sized head and a very large body. And what have the characters talking to each line of the eyes and shouting, as if they are voting for photos with the president? Then, there is the fact that every character in the show has quite moronic. Not because of the cunning of Amelia Bedelia, Homer Simpson, and Buddy Lembeck's "Charles in Charge" have the characters shown as uncertain. Usually "non-real" is the same as "unfunny", and that's definitely the case here. There has not been a lot of slapstick due to weakness since "Guns of Naked 33 1/3" ... and at least Leslie Nielson was good. <br /> <br /> Finally, the premise of the show (and it's all the same one part, so it's very great when the spoiler precautions here): Timmy wants something with its two "Fairly Oddparents", something going wrong, always some The reason why the reason can not immediately fix the course and you want off the damage, and then everything gets good at the end. Oh, and on the other hand, Timmy's parents don't always believe when he complains about Vicky, and they continue to use him all the time. Maybe it's just me, but it seems that the children's show with a subtle message that is not worth anything to tell a child who is abusive is probably not a big idea. If you write a paper and want to specify how much quality cartoons have fallen, "Evil Parents" should be a good place to start. A major example of television producers is giving us an improper product that is aimed at children with little or no effort because they know someone will look at it.
