When I saw the first trailer of the Prom Night, I must admit, the trailer looks good and if this will be a terrible movie scary. So my friend and I saw Prom Night last night and I must say that it should grow because this was a film film, not to mention I am very sick and tired of the usual movie of horror and loud sounds like excuse to scare people. There was no tension, characters, how should I care? Were any development-of-ever, killer? Oh, my God, this was possible a foolish ignorant murderer who has ever existed, I know it is a film, but why a person who does not know (or at least know) was killed before, killing a girl's family and friends that she just considered? I mean, would he go to catch him or would he kill him? I do not know, because this film did not know and it is possible to visit true fans of fear. The Donna family was just brutally murdered by her teacher, who has been very hard on her, she was captured and imprisoned. It has been 3 years and she now gets peace in her life, even going to her senior senior. But the murderer has fled and still has Donna on his mind, follows him to his prom that means bad news to his friends, and a girl's hotel, and a bell boy, because it is a very good idea to kill a maid and bell boy so no one be sure enough to check to see where these workers. Donna is in great trouble because also the killer who obviously man can get into the house without seeing and can kill people calmly, just, wow. Sorry, I longed to love this movie, we haven't had a good film for a long time, but this was just a stupid movie that I didn't like. The situation was simply impossible and the participants were concerned. I know that this was a PG-13 movie, but I just love how a man has been beaten with a corpse and die and have just a little blood on their clothes? What? Did not mention no holes? I will not recommend this film to anyone unless you are a young person, this film was made for young people, not adults, not for those who know the real movie of fear, no mistake for those who enjoyed this film, but I don't understand how one can. <br /> <br /> 2/10
