"Hazing" is one of the films that I always wanted to see only in the picture of the lid shown here on IMD. Yes, so I am very young! I don't care if ten million people call it a stuck movie, the poster is so amazingly so I think I'll just see it? Now, "Cutting" can be described as his extra head: curious! The post and title are sounding as a real movie of the terrorist set up on the campus and dealing with bad transfers, but this film is actually more than crossing between comedy and thriller. First of all, there is something very wrong with an identification box on the old VHS box I looked at. It says: He had a good class, a beautiful girl and good friends? until they take him to Hazing "That is not true, Dr. Gilbert Lewis is finally accepted by the so-called university athletes. It takes more than half the movie before he hears about his girlfriend at home and" buddy "has very much Charles Martin Smith (still has hair in This film) Both are invited to become members of the prestigious brotherhood "Delts", but during their search for refuge? The mountain is wearing their white clothes? Barney falls off and relaxes his leg. When Lewis returns with other male boys, Barney wished to die together with them and wanted to put on the body for five days and then demanded he never returned from the weekend-trip. With Barney's body hidden in the restaurant's refrigerator, Lewis should reach him so that Barney might not appear to be suspicious. for "The Hazing" is original and could possibly be creative, but the pro blem here is that the implementation can be very simple. Tone is very strong and very bad on the movie of comedy, even black, but on the other hand there is no attempt to create insistent or exciting, do not. Sound sounds are fun and full of guided tunes, but that is not suitable enough this film to be comedy. Almost one hour on the film, the plot also comes from steam and idea, and creators have no better alternative to filling the deficit and a close relationship with Lewis and his village bicycle abroad. I did not like to lose the end, because it is quite implausible and because it has been done many times before and after (although valid after). "Hazing" is not a complete waste of time, but I am still excited to get an old lease on a friend's house instead of spending any money on a recently released DVD.
