(There are fighters) The male nymphomaniac male Mya, Kari Wuhrer, takes the life of a virgin 18, even though it is too embarrassing to approve it, collage freshmen Trent Colbert, Kristoffer Ryan. At the end of the film's film is not just followers but it gives Trent poor and ignorant lessons on how to explore the risk of nutrients and keep it away, or he, to stop being one. <br /> <br /> He stays close to the cargo return Miya takes Roy, Young Burt, for a hot and heavy stage, in the back seat of his buggy. Roy is a drunkard or a fool to realize that Miya is not another then his daughter was a stranger! They were very interested that Miya was reluctant to do with him and Roy to die to be interrupted by the first pupil of Trent Colbert, who is hitting on the other side of the scene. Detecting his position Miya jumps into a Trent car and two have left in what turns out to be the most interesting car after entering the movie. Going across North America, the two of them are involved in a car bombing with a spear and government fighters leading Trent's parents home, while they are in custody. It is there that there is another wild player between Miya lost and the entire SWAT team is protected by local police and government governments. Would you like to expect a film like "Hit and Run" to be deliberate or without fun but not. In fact the film is very disturbing about how Miya is concerned about everyone in the film that she is coming in contact with her lost father and a contemptible child Roy. Getting Trent to the North East Miya gets a good monkey drink with him in the motel room, with whip cover and a candle lamp. Miya also gets to the owner of the horny motel Mr. Foster to cheat him to give him his gun, as being part of a sex game of weird. After making Foster up he takes away with Trent, who out in the cold room in his motel, handbag and $ 400.00 in it still does not run the car and his car. To give money to go home to his parents at Trent Thanksgiving he calls on his mobile phone from Miya to take him to the local diner to get his money. As a jerk that he is Trent takes Miya, who is now a refugee from the law, and he is later involved with his father Roy on the highway as he tries to run Trent & Miya out of the road. Running ends in this locker house which Roy drives Miya, out on the muddy road on top of the head, in it with you to know where there is an explosion from himself shooting. Roy was very busy trying to take his pants off that he forgot he left the unattended gun. And both involved in the murder, such as hit and run, ask them about the two unfortunate who drop out of the S & M / Tattoo boutique where Trent finds his ear with a nose with a leather and necklace, and Myri, with matching dog dog. This in order to meet with its direct-laced and conservative parents for the evening meal thanks. Having a shooting with the government's troopers, and one of them ending up very badly, two refugees from the law end up with Trent's parents Mr and Mrs. Colbet, David Keith & Elaine Martyn at home and local police force , with the SWAT team, waiting there. The senseless movie and the end-of-the-end discomfort that you made are wondering what exactly the film was trying, if it was the same, telling the audience. You felt a lot of sympathy for Miya at first but if the movie was close to the end of the decline that left as soon as the tray of ice cubs in Death Death. Although Roy was a person who could not be seen in the movie at the first time when the film ended Miya completely disappeared.
