Saying Forestry Funky: Contact First is a bad movie is under a fantastic level. I can get into a good movie gallery, even an epidemic like El Topo, Food Food Food, and 5+ Life Style, because these movies have something worth discussing when credit is available. FFFC tries everywhere to be deep and mentally, basically nothing in this movie. This film has been misrepresented, the images on this film do not sparkle, the conversation is bad, the music is destroying this film. It tried to be deep and meaningful to think, but not just to be engaging in fiction. Freshman film students without cameras can do something more. The guitar brothers and timetables to stand in the middle of the skits get one step each other, everything else is just bad, pseudo-creative, great experiments to be as good as film and other true directors like, Sogo Ishii, David Lynch, and Jodoworsky. Give me a break. I am sure that people who love about FFFC do so because they have no idea what they saw, because it was nothing but good words here and there are mixed with folly and connectivity until you put on your own shoes. This is a very passionate, high-quality, high-quality video that was a live-to-the-way movie 5+, a film that has a great sense, as well as the best use of the environment, movie shows, interesting conversations, while interesting , good sound, excellent displays, fantastic pacing and flow. FFFC deals quite differently in every way, a good environment (20 minutes visible on the bland beach at night, whitish action? Alien balls around in white space school dinky and then ... school hallway movies, cinema, a memory of forgetfulness, nothing interesting or exciting, but the truth lost your life for two hours, voice sounds, amateur performances, uneven, closed, and occasionally blowing the beat, moving any zero. > <br /> There are those who say this makes FFFC a great movie, so it's not the same as each side that its genius. This is the only way to hurt your own link appears, because it is "unpredictable" can be a good quality film if not connected to "boring", "innane", and "frightening". Of course I have spoken to two people who confessed that FFFC was frightening when they left the theater, but the greatest shock of the intellectual The gallery made them look at the film again and then come back to me ... "Hey was very happy". <br /> <br /> I'll put my foot down, this movie is slop, I don't care if Roger Ebert says this film is the best thing he ever watch since he lost his own daughter. "The new column of the King" I say ... this film is not a sign of other psychedelic / trippy films from Japan 10 years ago. Tea, Chamber 7, and Kamikaze Girls are the best movies (even for the low budget), and no one can compare with the Style of Live 5+. See FFFC only if you are interested in making a bunch of tricks on the budget.
