Soloist has all the links to impress the Academy. His director, Joe Wright, has already written the best candidate for the picture. The leading actor, Robert Downey Jr., made a star in a very popular film. Finally, the movie itself is a drama. While confined to the end of 2008, film refugees and critics failed. Now that I have seen it, I assure you Universal was not just delaying this film to promote Iron Man-Oscar. Pastor is weak and no external crisis is very poor for the best photos of 2009. <br /> <br /> Downey and star-star Jamie Fox are not to blame for this problem. Joe Wright is especially wrong but even can't save the story of Life. Most movies are very complicated and separate the audience. This is very simple. It is a film about the journalist, Steve Lopez (Downey), who is a friend of the musician, Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox). That's right. Ayers are schizophrenic and does not resonate with traditional Lopez techniques for friendship. Two are friends. They start this film as friends and it's BFF for its end. The tension you have like this: Ayers then Lopez will take him to a shelter? This material would be more suitable as a production made for TV instead of film film. Wright includes many instances of cheap humor in order to hide the lack of content. Lopez Battle raccoons yard to erase in what I consider a small plot. What? Do you remember when this happened in the Atonement or Degradation and Engagement? These films are designed to allow a regular joke but nothing is going on. The background of Ayers has been opened when it is not appropriate to be. Worse, these events are not connected and appear for random periods. It is a way to accept that the main story makes a little appeal. Nathaniel was a style of violin and hard birth (I was too). This is an attempt to pretend to be sympathetic to Ayers while most of us already have it. She is schizophrenic homeless to cry loudly! The film shows human love for music, like Amadeus and Beethoven. It is not as effective as one of those images, however. The entire film is facing Ayers' schizophrenia disease. Finally it is how he interacts with each other. Since the singer is a good touch but it is not appropriate to involve. Film does not incorporate this character perfectly into its persona. Take the music out of Amadeus or Beethoven Lifetime, and no film remains. The scientist is more about friendship than the music. Nathaniel may be a film or film writer and a few lines of dialogue would need to be substantially changed. <br /> <br /> This is only the third film of Joe Wright, and the first that is not a visible romance by Keira Knightley. Let us hope that this film is not a sign of how its strength has been reduced. There is a stylistic nods for its original work but the scientist is much weaker than any of them. In his defense, Universal should not agree to release this image. This film looks suitable for Imagine Entertainment (distributor of Changeling). I would be very disappointed with that if it had a little freedom. Its performance of the poor box office can prevent the best dramas from national distribution.
