There is a lot of something given to the bridge B-<br /> <br /> Super Bowl Sunday is one of the most slowest movies on the movies each year. Because of this, the film studios should avoid giving the big film planned budget over the weekend. Every few years the studio offers a skewing female film of the program to deal with the program (2001 "Wedding Planner") to compete with the great game. At the end of this weekend Bowl is also known as the "Wedding Day" will try to achieve success and attract viewers to the game. Patients of people feel compassion for him, a woman, Kat Ellis (Debra Messing, "Will and Grace" of TV) employs men escort Nick (Dermot Mulrony, "About Schmidt") to be like her partner his sister's wedding in London. Her family has given her a hard time about not being married, and her seven-year-old girl, who drove her out of no cause, is the best person. Make him envious Kat refugee Nick close to his ex to make him see what he's missing. But Nick finally helps Kat to realize that she can open, and let someone love her. The film is very boring from the same wedding movies. It is almost a copy of the "perfect image" of 1999 and combines the same events as "Wedding Planner" and "My Wedding Wedding". The film also has the title "Beautiful Women" going, and knowing its audience, the director makes reasonable reference to film and other films. The “Wedding Day” has all the cliched elements of the movie's normal wedding, there is a mother holding (Holland Taylor, “Legally Blonde”), and for private wedding talks with family and friends on the wedding and practice exercises. Last loss is done before, but it was something that was not quite sure. The real reason why Kat was corrupted comes as a surprise to change the direction of the film for the last half hour. Even if "Wedding Day" is predictable, it can stand alone. Debra's message, in its first leading position, proves that it can be alive and interesting. Dermot Mulrony has a great chemistry and Debra Messing, but many talks were also of corny and non-true. He can do the best of what he is given, and be able to salvage character. Using many punctuation (often sex) punches, the film is really fun. Although essentially chick-flick the film has everyone's features you can enjoy. A good story of feeling, and humor makes it the best film of the released date.
