* SPOILERS INCLUDED * <br /> <br /> For the title "Bleed", you know the creation of the creation did not come up when this child became pregnant. The movie is your primary run-of-mill down-budget movie slasher. O really, it tries to be creative with the premise of "killing club", but we learn that it was just a joke anyways. Well, for those who care more about these things, the basic plot is that a new girl in the city begins to make contact with a colleague. Invites him to a circle of friends, and in the party, they tell him how they have a "killing club" and they kill people, blah blah blah. Yes, we learn that all was joke, but not before our hero kills a woman in the parking garage. Now, the "members" of the Killing Club are killed directly. Oh, and bad people succeed with the movie ends down. At that time, you don't care even though. <br /> <br /> In restoring, 10 minutes or this minute of this film is not appropriate. The incidence of murder at the beginning of the film has never been told. I would like to say that it was the way of the filming director, but on DVD there are deleted pictures! I don't know why anyone would like to see more than the length of the "Bleed" feature, but it seems the people behind the DVD thought the audience would explain more. On the box, it says there are Easter eggs, but why hell would like to waste my time to find extra on this movie is over me. I expected a bad film, and "Bleed" released before it. It was not fun of movies yet. Everyone looks good in the film, and there is a lot of dirt, but acting is just bad. My little pastor is a husband who ends up being a murderer ... I think he should be funny and amusing, but he just comes to come as a tool. I think the funniest time of the movie is when our heroine kills the woman in the parking garage, for the terrible horrible death. Heroine drives women into cement concrete cement, and a woman looks like she is feeling that, and gives blood, mouth and "dying". For those who think that film decisions are a good process, of creativity made by professionals, see "Bleed". It will change your imagination, and you will understand any hack you can find the movie made. Otherwise, don't waste your time or your money.
