When you place this DVD into your player and "hit," you will see a short time of stability and see the black screens like the laser headed at the right point from the middle of the disc. TARARIA MALI. Make sure you have Tylenol or something (especially PM for you to sleep), because you will have the head of the head immediately at the start of this film. Joining a group of girls with big milk and opening that really made me a little bit, I thought I would like to have a good time. Indeed, the opening of the opening was little of WEE and many of the jaws fell flat and it seemed like this would be a rapoff Scream (by the way, my only chuckle came from last commentary of Julie Strain in this area). But I knew there was a problem ... The opening of the opening had a strong rock song. During this terrible rocky song, I looked at the title of the DVD chapter and saw the things that said "TOPLESS IN BACKYARD!" and "BALL IN SEX!". I knew what the point of sale of this film will be. That is a sad fact: NOW something good about this movie is thrown. More than that, it is a common slasher film that gives us the concept of "creativity" about killing clubs, which become fake at any time. Thus, the whole movie focuses on another dimension trying to try to be mixed with this great mystery, but it all adds up to it not quite surprising and stops you if you don't care about any characters. I mean, when the main character of the movie is revealed that it has killed a innocent woman, can you feel any pity for her when she fears her life? The influence of shouting is widespread, with the soul-killer of the spirit and another terrible joke. We are also treated in the main character of talking with both mother and father (Lloyd Kaufman! Just another cool part of the movie!) About abortion or something. Uh. Well ... This is not a "bad-good" movie, it's just BAD. Somebody compared this to the Troma film, but ... you know, many more films that come from Full Moon (or fits, if this film proves) are awesome. It's not bad for Troma - I have seen many Troma movies, and I can honestly say they all give something, anything that you can walk and tell your friends about the future. However, this film is not very interesting about it. Beware.
