Devin Hamilton is perhaps best known as a new name in the usual story of recreational Month. Sadly, his arrival on this independent studio occurred when the budget and production values ​​are quite low for years. However, in his short work Hamilton has identified himself as a creative director who can make innovative and original stories. Now, this does not mean that its movies are good, but at least they are different and unusual in the form of fear. <br /> <br /> At its beginning, "Bleed", Hamilton gives us a twist of creativity on a small genre slasher. Maddy (Debbie Rochon) is a young woman who finally gets a job of her dreams. Not only, but it seems that he has also found Shaun's partner (Danny Wolske), it seems that life is finally pleasing to Maddy after many sad events. To the party with Shaun's friends, they tell him that they made a "club" where members should kill someone to intervene. It is obvious that they are shouting, but Maddy wants to fit, so that it actually kills someone. After the incident, one starts killing some of the "club" automatically. it's for Maddy to know what is going on if anyone can be a murderer, including him. <br /> <br /> Maddy is a very interesting character played by Debbie Rochon. It is a very interesting twist on the kind of being a leading actor as part of the accused. The concept is original and the performance of Rochon is very good that it is a real shame that Hamilton did not develop the whole story a little more. Movie feels slow at times and in general feeling is one of the good idea to lose on the bad movie. <br /> <br /> Some of the cast are weird for that all women cast are very good, when the man is beaten is a terrible pain. Danny Wolske is very timber and its performance as yuppie is very common. Julie Strain, Brinke Stevens & Lloyd Kaufman are seen in small villages and are amazing in their small responsibilities. Also, there is a lot of dirt (both men and women) and cast are very good, so it is more together. The bottom budget affects the effects of the film in the harmful department, if there are very few screens and not very graphic (perhaps because they will look ugly); however, based on the budget, the film at least looks good. Hamilton's recent effort, sexual partnership "Delta Delta Die!", is the best fun and fun movie. While this is not as bad as other known films, it still has many mistakes and may be just amazing for Debbie Rochon's fans or fans of non-budget films. 4/10
