So, back when Herbie appeared first, I was quite happy to look at the Dean Jones mug away. I just liked having fun for a few hours and eating very popcorn popcorn. Now, unfortunately, I have the prospect of a riveting story / fun when I am looking for a film, if I'm not in some kind of medicine. And this is another good movie for medicated. There is no great laughter, no lines of hard plot, no hard problem. Herbie Fully Loaded is good to carry fully. This was the first time I saw La Lohan on the screen since she swapped places with Jamie Lee Curtis (I thought she was better at that), and I can't say I was very surprised at this close time. In addition to its normal hair color and unfamiliar hair, he had no real voice as a second child who had lost all life around the street racers. 'His speed' has not been shown repeatedly on the film - perhaps it was elsewhere - he looked older than his part, and seemed to be always looking for something (a party to make a party? I couldn't see any chemistry and Justin Long; that love seemed to be responsible for the best. When only Lindsay appeared to be involved when he was talking to Matt Dillon, who I thought was well up as bad Bad Guy Trip Murphy. It was nice to see Herbie again, and I loved to set up films and material from old films. If Disney had come with Car Car car gears, I would have been exhausted just to be honest. Its new feature (?) It was a little different (does it put its driver's mind? Is he now skateboard?) But nothing. We all knew how it was the end, but I would like to finish it with someone younger than Maggie. And my head is still hurting from the subject Maggie and we viewers had hit the house. What would it have made the film worth? To have a former Herbie in a real story with a real plot - at the very least, Herbie is as good as Lassie - but it is clear that it is asking too much. Why Disney always goes back like "Herbie Goes Bananas" and "Computer Clothes Tennis Shoes" when it comes to innovation? I'm sure this was a great movie for children and those who don't have expectations. For some of us .... it's for a time when you have flu and you can't take the back of the Back Window.
