One of the most common keys in the 'goofs' category is an acronism. Although I start to believe that the anronism and other bonds are more accepted, even ignored, in a very good film, but it is found in front of a decaying film center. KISS ME for me is a decomposed film and reeks of the anronism, but when I look closely, I did not find almost entirely an anthropology. Shots of birds that make the film are not suitable for the place. The major transport engine 4 found after the head "Honolulu 1944" seems to be a war after C-97 Stratofreighter (in MATS colors). Warlords have been seen to leave the carrier at the end of the time by Douglas Skyraiders who entered the service after WW2 and were made famous for their service to Vietnam.With these two pieces of film and, of course, the exhibition, everything else is likely to be true. It 'we feel' is not very accurate. I am Stanley Donen's style, we share the same birth. In his partnership to TOWN (1949) there is a revival car with the police driving 1949/50 Ford still no little feeling that this is out of place in WW2 film period. In fact, as I thought later, nothing says that this should be a WW2 film. It just feels that way. According to Broadway music during the war which was the basis of ballet (Fancy Free) that could be the basis of the work of the artist Paul Cadmus (The Fleet In In! 1934) his great film on marine clock at 24 hours at New York and, so heavy and the war parties, just think of the war and still these modern cars do not believe anything to break the spell. The first problem is the Old Cary Grant. Although it is too old to represent the Navy SBD dive experiment, it is a Hollywood tradition for a star like Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig), Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) to play a little. It was a duty that is used, not his age. He plays the operator, as he called them. The boy who gets things and breaks all the rules when he is still still known and loved for him. Player. Dealer wheeler. Characteristics of rigueur in comedy services. Grants are a comic center of what after all they think is a comedy service which is contrary to its comedy style. <br /> <br /> Thinking back on Grant's great comic exhibition as BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC AND LA LACE (1944) and he is a great reactor whose comedy is reduced to its context from respect to the embedded puddle of jelly of inert. In KISS THEM he is expected to be a comic spark buzz that is not just him. People had already understood that kind, recently by Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko on television. The role will be completed later by James Garner but here Grant is not funny and it seems to be the victim to find his way to pushing force Cary Grantness instead of cajoling and finessing. But something that completely reduces the place and anthronism is the leading women. He could not have more women than a 50 echt than Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They are special for ten years. Marilyn Monroe could be placed in the continuation of Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson with any number of dumb blonds, and Grace Kelly had another top class dame (think about Mary Astor), but she could never be a very attractive woman in the film like Mansfield. Certainly there are 'sweater girls' (e.g. Lana Turner) of WW2, but Mansfield had identified the point. Suzy Parker was a model who changed the model business, who changed the mannequin if it was possible to be a natural natural girl who migrated and the humanity was captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957) as well as Stanley Donen). <br /> <br /> Of course in the top 50s style, it seems that there is a gender mix in 'wild' parties but even even sexual feelings (think of 50s TV's Bachelor Baba or Show Bob Cummings where food The evening jacketed men returned from the 'sole' date. The original book, which I have not read, was published during the war and it seemed like playing in Broadway at the end of the war and the situation should not be avoided by modern readers and audiences, but it has broken, beaten and reinstated ten years later and shaken with oil, still The work of forgetting other work until the VCR discovery and cable television raises this extreme Turkey. So the lesson here is any 'goof' will be ignored in a good film like CITIZEN KANE (who actually heard Charles Foster Kane say 'Rosebud'?), And enduring in a fun dreck like WESTWORLD (why robots given a live shot in the first place?) but totally undermined in rotten films, even if the bonds are not available.
