In the comedy line of concern of Mel Brooks, "Moses completely!" he tries to take the biblical story of Moses and enjoy it, causing the spoof of the unseen Bible ever released. <br /> <br /> There is no real plot here, just the reason to eliminate the beautiful talent of comedy in written tasks. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are on the bus tour of the Holy Land, when faced with an old book in the cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, also played by Moore and Newman. Herschel's life is like Moses. He was taken down to the river to find the family of the meek at the same time Moses was. The father of Herschel's birth, at the end of James Coco, becomes the slave of Herschel after Herschel is saved by the idol maker and works as an idol. Herschel finally comes to serve as a astronomer, dismissed, and ends up in shepherding the flock of Moses. Herschel and Moses are brothers, married brothers, and Herschel think God has chosen to release his people to Egypt. In fact, Moses was receiving the Word of God, but Herschel was not understood. I will stop here to laugh hysterically ... pause ... however, all the film is a series of bad written scenes involving Moore and actors who are "special exhibitions." These parks do not raise a plot ahead, bringing a small story to grinding. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford has a player. Dom DeLuise has perhaps three lines when meeting Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is the archangel, giving only the lessons of the same line he gave in "Chase Paper." David L. Lander is a blind man who was "healed" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of Zerelda's sisters. I did not know who Madeline Kahn had to be, giving a trip to Herschel, and she has a minute and a half-time screen. John Ritter has a very bad daddy. Richard Pryor has the same area as pharao, but it was obviously beaten at different times than Moore's area because these two are not visible on the screen together! At the end, Zerelda returns to be a pillar of salt after looking back on the destruction of New Sodom, ha ha. Herschel writes the Ten Commandments, and gives to Moses, who enters into all glory. In the last event, the photo writer decides to try and salvage this infamous film by having Herschel to tell God in an argument. God comes as the most powerful man who was leading Herschel around for his own amusement, speaking through him only to give him the Ten Commandments. We have even Zerelda quip "God works in mysterious ways," so he blamed the character of any Christian man during the film. This video is not funny. There is a nary laugh which is available anywhere. At least Monty Python was surprised at the many religious guidelines of the "Life of Brian" as well as taking them to question about Jesus' life, but here humor has a poo joke and characters always blow their heads. This makes Mel Brooks look like Merchant / Ivory. Church staff will be depressed, not with the view of the film about religion, but with the representation of the movie shows, they are attracted to their own hoitytoityness (I do not know the word) on something they don't know. "Moses completely!" is the worst, and the shame for all involved. I recommend reading a book instead. This has been tested (PG) for some physical abuse, dirt, gender records, and adult situations.
