What a perfect piece of garbage. Plot regardless of, when the movie moves around the plane, you will think the authors / producers / director (or anyone!) Will do little homework at least a few details. Errors were so widespread that I was disgusted at the end of the film. Here are just a few: I am so happy I lost the SR-71 series - certainly worse than the "Air Force One" F-117 festival. Commercial airlines have their own built-in brands instead of BOEING 747 ?? goes (cheaper use) of Boeing advertising / advertising broadcasting by the director. Connecting connections to wire fibers are better for the wiring of the house, under the multi-million aircraft wiring. Aircraft like 747 depends on the pressure alone rather than the oxygen supply of the ship to maintain air breathing, and if it would depend on the delivery of the board, the canister would be much larger than the size of the pig. Tape treatment is not a suitable alternative to the relationship around the hose. Those were F-16s, SI F-15s. 1 ++ speed (the sound speed) will be difficult to reach the turbine engine for taking (see air signature). "Common shapes" are just put in formation within one of the flowers of the flower, "the way" formation is what they were flying - not the most important formation of escape. "Taking lock lock" is not available for the pilot's attention - they do not detect radar or countermeasures. "Waiting for my sign" is not an intermediate airline for preparing any fire. Depression from the opening of the airplane is not the foundation of the left bank. Getting into the head of the head does not do it. Magnetic items are given as "heads" not "lids," and heads between 001 and 360 degrees (compasses in the air are like compasses down!), So turn left (not "port"?) From "bearing" of 618 to 502 is just stupid. It is in most cases simply impossible to "turn the pair left until the correct head reached" ?? The same kind of thing will be caused by 360 degree lines until the crocodile has reconsidered. The possibility of a runner immediately to get and succeed to engage in volunteer is just a little more than he could actually land a safe flight. Birds are not overnight on the back of the throat, and 747 have more than one lever to control multi-engine implemented. Flaps decrease in size before and after the gear monitoring, not seconds before landing (a good way to fall). The remainder of the wheels should leave the plane, just connecting (s) (at the time of the different lever in the film) for laziness will allow you to go off the end of the road at a slow pace. Did I say that these fighters were F-16 and not F-15s? I think I? And that's just what I remember from recently watching this terrible movie.
