French director Jean Rollin is not quite known for a good film, and this mix of confusion is one of the reasons. One of the most important things about this production is the head. For the director who is well-known for leading film films about the War of Women Women; you would like to expect the film and the word 'nude' in the head of being one of the most breastfeeding; but in fact, there is not much ignorance here. Replacement of non-textile printing presses; we have an evil desire for someone who wants to unlock the mystery of immortality, a young woman whose trouble can hold the key to self-murder, who cannot do much. The film begins to promise to a sequel that sees a little girl being taken by an amazing group of people in the masks under the eyes of a young French boy, who also happens to be a child of importance. Through his investigation, he soon finds that this woman is not just an ordinary woman, and she goes further in worship; he knows that he can not be killed by shooting, drinking blood and can't go out in the afternoon ... it looks like a clear case of vampirism to me. Jean Rollin keeps the fantasy atmosphere going into every film, but it fails to be surprising because the plot has been devastated. It is possible to continue with what is going on, but only because there are many films that follow the same plots. The director seems to know that he has initiated plans too, as the peak is basically an excuse to explain the film to the audience. There is a twist thrown in the end too; but the film would be better without it. I think this was an attempt by Jean Rollin to be the original nature, but it comes as a ham-fisted attempt in such, rather than continue the story guide. The movie is very suitable, and many programs are taking place in the beautiful Gothic areas. The girls on the board complete the beautiful picture, and the Rollin film is not logical and consistent, it happens in style. In the film protection, it was done in 1969; which describes a large-scale lack of shock but I can't recommend this movie if it does not have much about it which is important to consider.
