This review may be some SPOILERS. When you just thought they didn't make them too bad, Rae Dawn Chong comes to the position of Willie Nelson as a witch of natural America! It's worse when you consider that these two are good features of 'Starlight,' a film that should be viewed with laugh. Chong is a stranger used in the world to find only the remaining half-reproduction, part of the person and part of the alien. It seems, the world is in serious trouble. Something wrong with the genetics of mankind, and in a few decades the world will turn to the destruction of the earth. Only by copying the semi-reproductive DNA can visit a gentle alien to save the planet. Do not ask how, because the film gives the impression that the world will be destroyed by pollution, caused by humanity. You think the world can only be saved by eliminating dirty creatures, not saving! However, the birth of half turns to Billy Wirth, a man who lives in a small western western town and is part of the native Americas from his wife, despite the fact that his mother is a red-colored Caucasian and his grandfather Willie Nelson. Isn't this a malarkey type that made Carmen Electra's bombastic `The One Chosen One '? Chong comes in his ship like a Wirth near the water after running his motorcycle into the lake with the careless care that the result of just breaking with his girlfriend. Before saying the word 'hogwash' completely, Chong reveals his secret to Wirth, who was not surprised for a moment, and spread the word to the Wirth family. Chong also makes pals with the mother of Wirth, who seems to have lost several marbles over the years. Indeed, this is because the father of Wirth was a stranger who had left him. Of course, he is a natural visitor who has decided this time to come to the world to Wirth so that he can use the Wirth DNA to make people of the world his slaves. (Huh?) His efforts to refuse to use his telepathic powers and capture Wirth to spend a lot of time on the screen and are the worst episodes of the film. It's not just being boring, but it's events where you will look more responsive. Thoughts can be good on paper, but they are dealt with here in the severity of folly, especially in the aforementioned events and the strong guest. But the effects are the bane of the movie. The opening part involves Chong in his position, speaking to his chief, a man who does not see but Chong is communicating through the seats that provide pink light. They do not use the words spoken, but telepathy, so we are treated with lower heads. The problem is, Chong and heads with two headings are the same, and the director will not show you who of the two are talking about 'any time', which makes the whole conversation but the gibberish. The spaceship wind is the worst effect from Hollywood on this side of Ed Wood film. Now, I have a feeling of harm when dealing with a small film like this, but these effects gave me. The most surprising one was the most simple: the fake night fake. The stars of heaven have become very bad around the sound of the call. Most are especially when Chong tells someone who comes from Pleiades, and we get seven stars. The thing is, the seven stars take at least half a night in the cinema, but any stargazer knows that Pleiades is a cluster of stars among the groups of Perseus and Taurus, and the columns do not take a great space in heaven. These effects just get so lousy that your jaw will hang down and down and every time you pass. Be careful, for you will go through the floor at the end when the effects of Willie Nelson will turn to human attention and. . . Oh, it must seem to believe! Starlight, bright star; Last star I see tonight; I wish I could, I would like to; should not look beyond this garbage today. <br /> <br /> Zantara logo: 1 out of 10.
