Please Note: I see from various publications that there was an original version of the video and also the audio version of the film. I saw the sound version and was esthetically yicky. Considering some suggest that the previous version was LONGER and would dubbing the crappy, my opinion should be read with this in mind. Although I know that Rene Clair has a good reputation as a filmmaker and Louise Brooks has a little ritual following, this is in many ways the film is not well done. While Hollywood was already well-sounded around 1929, until early to 30 years, many popular French films were silent films - and some of the dialogue and sound effects were hit on the film. The sooner the mouth of many, and especially this film, even comes close to matching what is being said and this can explain why America as Mrs. Brooks can make a French film. This is bad and I would like to have made a silent film - and if this silent film would be a typical film - and a good work of the camera (sometimes) and some respectable style of silence. br /> <br /> The problem I found also with the film was the most interesting plot. With the silent code of play in 1920, it would have been good, but by 1930 the plot was hoary (that means "old" - not "slutty"). The woman overcomes the beauty competition and her lover's eyes cannot handle. He gives it all, for a short time, but is restored to a life of thought and this describes his end! Tad melodramatic, huh? And it's also very simple and ineffective. Finally, the character of a friend's partner (?) I have seen a lot of stress and false. He looked like Harold Lloyd and spent a lot of films with abuse and being taken by a friend and everyone else. While taking only the movie and no resolution came, his behavior seemed to be insignificant and the treatment he had found was worthwhile. Should the audience have to laugh when used? This seems to me what it says and I don't like it altogether. The best FAR French films of the era (Le Million, La Femme du Boulanger, Fanny, Regain, and others) with the best silent films. I can't understand the high level of this film.
