This film begins with trust, with an area where Frank Morgan advises on Gary Cooper's marriage to his daughter, Anita Louise. Frank Morgan, playing gold-rage of gold, complains to Cooper about his money known to his family - including his daughter, Anita Louise. I am a fan of all 3 actors. Frank Morgan is (with my thoughts) the treasures of Hollywood, Cooper legend, and Louise a very good style, mixed and less acceptable to be seen in the lead role. I also have nothing against Teresa Wright, and when it doesn't die for many species, it often provides hot flashes. <br /> <br /> From a reliable opening, the story decreases down to the end. I did not get anything to burn on the Cooper's house-to-be. The pastor in the less attractive, non-smoking cigarette never walked very hard, allowing Cooper to continue smoking, or he would surely take him to other ways of smoking his cigarettes. In addition, no one with any knowledge can be allowed to be smoked without asking for other ways to cut it down. And finally, no one in his true mind breaks the cigarette in the basket and puts it in his pocket! This whole series has Cooper seen to be stupid and a few. It is a poor problem - a pregnant pregnancy and shown in a way that causes shock is not a laugh. Cooperative diagnosis of Cooper forced treatment has been done the same. No one allows them to do a full medical examination without counseling for their purpose or to grant their consent! The cooperative has also been removed from the fact that it is funny - it's amazing! Babies from the hospital are a serious legal offense, and also, not a laughing thing. Finally, the incidence of Cooper's involvement, the neurotic concerns for feeding and the weight of her child may have been attacked by a few people who have worried about their newborn babies. But for me they seem to be afraid and decreasing. Wardrobe and approvals departments went on over these events, while the opposite of the usual, the author of the script fell asleep. <br /> <br /> The line is not only in the script to generate humor. They only miss all the cylinders. Laughter has not come a mile-minute, but more like a light-minute year. When only the movie has any energy or humor it is when Frank Morgan is on the camera. The situation that is completely lost is when the love of Cooper's love and their respective fathers are found in the same hotel room. There is probably a rich humor somewhere in the mine, but none of it was offered. At the end, one of the most suitable girls will begin to hurt. By predicting, it's characteristic of Anita Louise, who gets jilted on her night-to-be wedding! While it is not on the camera, that is its destiny, and not particularly surprising - even if the end is wrong. He hadn't done anything in this film made me feel (unlike Gail Patrick, say, in My Girl Girl). So, I expected (perhaps "hope" is the best word in the film environment!) For Anita Louise enjoy a happy ending, too. The fact that the good character has been erased at the end of the film undermines the effect of "end of happiness" with Cooper and Wright. I continued to wait for something to happen, for the magic dialogue so the character of the old movie ... And it has never been given. Good performance with Frank Morgan in a little different role is quite here.
