I realize that bringing a novel on the big screen is always a problem. That's the only thing I can say about this enough situation. Have you read the 'Blood of Wisdom?' It's an amazing book. Flannery O'Connor wrote on the south if no one else has. He was on the south side, a devout Catholic, and a good talented writer. In his first novel he made along a dark and exciting story of faith, doubt, and liberation and sense of humor and amazement. Participants in the book may appear to be bad for those who have not lived in the rural areas, but I assure you that such people are there. Not only, they are human and family, emotion, and worry like anybody else. The objectives of Flannery were often misunderstood - did not strengthen those supporters - he saw the good work of what he could be called 'grace' ... even in a harsh, unpleasant, and unpleasant situation. Reading 'The Blood of Wisdom' is cleaned on the feeling of fear and punishment approaching. Finally, it is thinking long and hard about our judgments and our thoughts - our view of the whole world. Nothing / nothing comes through the "Gilligan Island" Island. Nothing. It's farce. The wrong piece. The entire film is full of respect for the stomach. Acting is poor, the southern accents are fake and insulting. Film workers do not show insight in the minds of religious kings. Mr. O'Connor's prose of cuts has been reduced to the appearance of cheap, the amateur theater. Voice sound is a combination of hayseed silliness and 'Electronic Clockwork' of an electronic style of cheese which is not recommended story or even MOVIE. I was given free registration on this film and almost gone out. True, the truth is awesome. <br /> <br /> As an aside, I disagree with Mrs O'Connor's religious views, and when I was raised in the south south, years ago I made my way north and I never looked back. But the south side is a beautiful place with fascinating people (like everywhere elsewhere in the world), and the surprise of the cartoonish in the east and their views are dealt with in this film limits on refusal. If you are suffering (which I am not), then this film is defined more than a line. I don't like to talk about the artist's work - John Huston was a person I did not know, and I am sure he was a very talented and talented filmmaker, whose place is respected in the history of the film. My opinion is clear for having read (and loved) the work of Flannery O'Connor. So I don't claim that it's coming from another perspective. Perhaps as a stand-alone film works for cinephiles. But for fans of Flannery O'Connor - and, I can add, for people who respect human beings and open people - this movie is a waste of time.
