There is a bit of spoiler down, which can destroy the surprise of one unexpected and funny scene in this film. There is also information about the first film in this series. I got this film on DVD, which a person gave as a gift to my partner. It came as a set with the first film in the series of "Blind Dead". <br /> <br /> This movie was worse than the first, "La Noche del Terror Ciego". In addition, many of the first movie features have been modified significantly. In order to boot, the film was called in English (the first was the title), which I always find the obstacle. <br /> <br /> The concept behind the series is that in the past the local branch of the Templar Knights was engaged in dirty and confidential traditions. After discovering this crime, local farmers put the death of Templars in such a way that their eyes can no longer be used, thus preventing them from returning to hell to take revenge. We can fly in modern times because of a particular event, Templars come from the dead to take revenge on the villagers whose fathers destroyed them in the first place. Of course, since the undead stations had no eyes, they could only find their victims when they make some kind of noise. Templars were a secret procedure, from around the 12th century, from outside the Battlefield. They were only around 150 years, before they were dissolved in the early 1300 years by Pope and others. Because they were secret, there was speculation about their ceremony, especially with the introduction. Also, because of the organized community, he did not have to have church leaders to manage things, which means that he had no inner man when things were filled with fire. And, because of their experimental conditions, they were persecuted for confession. The decree was more stable in France, but it was in Portugal and Spain, where films are taking place. Where the first movie had a virgin offering and blood-drinking groups directly from the body of the virgin (breast buttons here, of course, this is a terrible movie after all), and then, immediately after the Knights return to life, they attack their victims by eating them alive and absorbing their blood; in this sequel, these all disappear. You still have the same area (redone, not the same footage) they offer the virgin, but they run the blood into the bowl and drink it from it. So, when they come back, they beat people just with their sword or convince people to die, which I must say the most powerful way to distract your audience. There is also a problem when: in the first dating film is very close to Templars, where here they say it's 500 years of farmers burn these guys on stress, which will be around 1473. And the way that Templars lose their eyes are less interesting too. In the first, they are stirring to the tusks. Now they are burned out, and in absolute form of ignorance. Well, and maybe it was just me, but there seems to be a lot of people from the first movie to this movie (despite being dead). It's not a problem, because the film is very different from the negative in the sense of continuous, but non-standard. The most important of this film is a rich colleague who uses a child to disrupt the undead when he breaks down to the jeep. The baby's father had already been taken by this rich man to try to get a jeep, so he walks and tells him to find his father. It comes somewhat out of blue, and easily the funniest area in the film. Of course, why the child does not die at this point is more than I am, and he is disappointed with fans of fear. I did not recommend this film to anyone. It's not so bad that it becomes funny, so it just comes to be a terrible film of emotions. Most of the films have several people locked up in the church, each one making a special effort to go alone to avoid dead dead ones around them. When the film is approaching, it is amazed at the results all the time; in fact, completely disappointed. If you are in a novel view of Spain, see the first film, which at least has creative ideas and unexpected results.
