The movie is full of religion, so it is impossible to separate it from religion in commenting on it. In my opinion, this film makes itself look at the deeper issues, but it grows on discrimination and discrimination; with little real knowledge. What people on the film (and therefore, the author) failed to see it grace. They did not understand that God is the author of beauty and He is the Creator of passion and sexual pleasure in the proper context of marriage bonds. To imply that people of the community whose story has said they believe that deception is a sin, and a man and woman enjoy the act of marriage is dirty, it is just despair. Such an exhibition does not exist, even the sacred writings of the Jews speak well of a caring husband who will seek his wife's pleasure before himself. Scripture says that a man should love his wife as his own body, and that no one hates his own body, but nourishes and cherishes it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, the writers and characters ignore the fact that there are passages such as Solomon's words in the Old Testament, and even the book of Proverbs which says, “Enjoy your youth, and your breasts always support you”! Can that be read in any way other than what God knows, and approves, and exciting, the union of marriage and happiness? Real men do not ignore the value and needs of their wives. Those who reject the basic doctrines of Judaism / Christianity. God did not say these things. It's amazing. Sonia rebelled because of the misuse of the teachings of the true God of Abraham. It didn't need to be that. How sad. What Sonia needed most was true, not tradition. By knowing, loving and obeying God, we love others more; before our own. That is the faith of the God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob & Joseph; once for all to be presented to the Saints; bought and paid to Jesus Christ, the Righteous. But, of course, do not overlook all this and leave the old, sacred texts with the wisdom of homeless people & ghosts. That's a good deal. I will never recommend this film; because the reason for sex is not effective, but also because it does not provide any value of value. See "Yentl" if you want to see the most important Jewish traditional treatments in poor condition and society.
