In what would be his first screenplay, according to his short story "Turn Around," William Faulkner gives a wonderful story of honesty, sacrifice, and a very wonderful relationship. The story was originally about Tone's, Young, and Cooper characters, but MGM had to put Joan Crawford into another picture to fulfill his contract, and Faulkner was forced to create a female role. Crawford emphasized that his line was written in the same style as the star 'Young' and Tone star, leading to many non-voluntary hilarity as the three of them communicate in a short telegraph that appears as Monty Python ("Wuthering Heights" diagram) in the semaphore). To a large extent, almost non-low sentences make Ernest Hemingway read like Henry James. <br /> <br /> The film also shows a special feature of Faulkner, and close close relationship between brothers and sisters (as it can be found in its "Sanctuary", and elsewhere). While Young suggests Crawford, in the presence of the Tone, instead of the ring engaging ALL THREE exchanges their ring of children to each other. Tone and Young's friendship is also seen, especially if they are going to the fate of Thelma & Louise. In fact, it's exciting. It is not angry with this New Yorker, however, as a regular theme of the big bandit, Wellington, which Crawford finds (and which is shown gamboling on his hands - I had to stop!) and Young turns into a gladiator. Blech. It is said, there are good displays. Young people are very active in the area that has been taken to the Cooper plane, and Roscoe Karns are happy as a friend of Cooper's Cooper. Drop, despite the inability to express himself through the real conversation, has a good time, to throw out his tearful tears on the fate of his young boy. Crawford, has broken a meaningful dialogue, especially comes as a wooden or melodramatic, which is a balancing act for a single role. Ways of war - it's not surprising, for the Howard Hawks- -an film is the most exciting part of the whole picture. But it's not enough. Besides I'm worried, this is 75 minutes of my life I will never come back.
