I am very impressed with this document. I am very shy and embarrassed by the Puertoricans shown. This document did not apply to the culture of Puertoricans. It was about Nuyoricans culture. Waheroricans and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Different cultures and should not be produced in Puerto Rican numbers. Rosie, before making a document, you need to do research. You also need to check and make sure your sources are reliable. Puerto Ricans are not all loud and have class, which is one thing that the document was not displayed. When I saw Rosie and Jimmie on View and Rosie on Martha Stewart I was so happy to see. I even tried to assure my parents of their love for Puerto Rico. After the first five minutes I could not believe how the letter hit the United States and made Puerto Ricans look like a group of Guinea pigs. You need to go and visit Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is not the 3rd country of the world where more than 50 percent of the population is in poverty. Puerto Rico has universities and universities known, roads, cars, shopping centers, supermarkets (Kmart big and JCPenney have ever seen), restaurants, exhibitions, pools, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), casinos, churches, agriculture, Expresso Auto, and restaurants just name a few. Poverty? Not 50% of the population is. Puerto Rico's culture is about family, music, food, celebrating, and trying to move forward. Oh, and new cousins ​​just don't get out. There is nothing to Puerto Rican's thing, that's a ghetto thing. We're not bastards. Puertorican's parents who would like to teach their children about Puerto Rico should invest in the trip with the family so that they can see their first hand in Puerto Rico. They will see its beauty, people and culture. Please do not show this document because you will destroy their ideas and nonsense. Oh, and please don't tell your American friends to look at this document because it will only make the people of Puertorican seem unaware. Yes, I was born and raised PUERTO RICAN from the island. So you just know!
