You should respect this movie. It may be "just a little movie" but it is the name # 1 of a regular movie that is requested on online film sessions, requested by people who remember stories but can't remember the title. Therefore, the following is a good detailed description, for I have not been able to find information as anywhere on the Internet. <br /> <br /> Common 2-story house is shown in suburbia. 7-year-old Bridget tells of the accusation of what has been happening since he and his 11-year-old brother receives a gift from their parents for no apparent reason. Now Bridget is a burned penguin that once named Sweet William. Bridget tells his relatives: Aunt Ruth, a great nurse who cares for a grandmother, a grandmother gram who makes dolls out of the socks, and her brother Andrew, who comes into electricity and enjoys. Gram for accident depends on the governor of Lieutenant, which shows that he is entering the way while living with the family. Two children eat breakfast when adults talk about Gram moving home. Bridget makes a sandwich of visible pancake with cereals, eggs, bacon, strawberries, and syrup, as Andrew appears on incredulously. Two kids then discuss Gram, and Andrew says openly that Gram is "putting out the feed." Bridget and Gram's conversation in the hut hall, has a tea-playing party with Sweet William in his bedroom, then the living doll has not come out of his bedroom mirror. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the living doll know. The female female female is called Huggins and lives in Huggaland. Bridget gives Huggins a baseball hat from Andrew's room. Huggins hides under laundry when Bridget's mother comes, then the mother gives us the clothes in the washing machine and Huggins in it. Bridget saves Huggins and pours to hair stretch. They discuss the problem with Gramu Growing and moving, Huggins says Bridget can talk to a booklet in Huggaland about it, because he knows everything. They cross the screen to visit Huggaland, but one of the tennis bridget shoes is put on the mirror. <br /> <br /> Instead of walking for one shoe, Bridget goes without shoes at Huggaland. Immediately meets Hugsy, the boy alive living in Huggaland. Huggins gives Hugsy baseball cap. It also meets with Ticket, Bubbles, Impkins, and Tweaker, and all dolls sing a song while sitting on the bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget and Huggins in his hugwagon to see this book, who lives on a stack of small books. This book explores the "old encyclopedia" and finds that old age can be healed by eating the fruit of "youngberry tree." However, there is only one tree, and it is in the country of Shrugs, headed by the mad queen of quartz. The only way to travel to Shrugs is to jump down a deep hole that lies within a large book close to. <br /> <br /> Bridget and two sweets are three times, jump down the hole, and leave. Soon they are walking down the road to the road, hearing the sea breaking the glass, and falling off the road when the side of the side is completed. They meet "hair behemoth," which looks like a mast, has four seats, and it burns out of its trunk. But Hugsy goes boldly with a behemoth hug, which then returns to the baby elephant whose name is Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge had been under a spell with the queen, and despises Hugsy permit, so all ride back to the Hodgepodge for the castle. They come into the castle, surrounded by creatures like stars, queen (Queen Admira) coming, and Bridget asks young people. The queen refuses, then eats one for herself, and is proud of her beautiful youthful performances while looking at the hand mirror. Hodgepodge loses when the queen says she should "be reduced." The queen is disappointed when Bridget says that these evil witches should be violent, so the queen opens Bridget and orders three others to be brought to prison. But the queen gives birth to the key to the dome of the young tree and lock on the dome lift equipment. Hodgepodge wakes up from the ditch and uses his "sponge" (trunk) to pull the prison door down, and so pull out himself with two dolls with him. They get Bridget standing, dolls embrace, which causes Bridget to rise. Before the flight, Bridget finds the back key on the young tree of the young boy, lifts the dome away, and takes the young people to the top and puts them in the jar. The queen finds them, but the queen's hand is under the dome of the descent as she reaches the key that Bridget has left down. The queen suddenly turns very old since she has been reduced to berries to give young people, and seems to die. Recently Bridget returns through the mirror into his bedroom but travels under the glass, playing fruit on his floor, and the berries disappear quickly into smoke, directly. His mother calls him and Andrew to pay a gram to Gram, who leaves for retirement. Andrew gives us his usual grumpy, facade to strengthen and hug Gamu, tell him he loves and does not want him to go. Their father relocates, and he decides to put Gram there after all, and everyone clings to the right, including Aunt Ruthie, who was a great man emphasizing Grams to leave. Andrew asks Bridget for his St Louis Cardinals cap, Bridget begins to explain how he gave Huggins to Huggaland, but Andrew didn't want to listen to what he believes is his fantasy stories, so he turns around in his bedroom. One of the dolls secretly closes the head through the mirror for Bridget, Bridget puts head on Andrew's head, Andrew standing, and leaves his room without saying anything. Bridget waves for fun glass.
