It seems to me, as a graduate of a recent school, that in these times of New Zealand film to reach new heights, all people seem to think every New Zealand film made is good. Sion wedding proves this has been wrong. <br /> <br /> It's completely overrated and not funny, and away from 'hilarious' film other IMDb users and comments. really funny The only thing I got in this film was Derek wannabe black boy, but instead of that joke were recycled crap that we'd expect all the news before. <br /> <br /> Be a Samoan semi respectable, I wanted to see how the film will go to deal with the representation of Polynesian. It was perfect balls-up - I know it's comicable to be required, but I couldn't feel like characters with anything new to say about Polynesian identity, even if it was in a language-in-cheek manner. I was more disappointed with the end of the film and the resolution of the relationship of the main character - Michael was a player who just messed around with white women, a little way to turn his way when 'Dusky Maiden' comes from the city, has Epiphany that maybe he should begin to find a strong relationship then the last minute refuses and accepts his position as the Polynesian Playboy for the women of the palagi. I didn't understand why they did it. All in all, it was very desperate. My whole family saw it to be a good laugh, but it ended up being very bitter about paying to see it on the movie. The joke is crippled for good words, acting, especially of Sefa's partner, awesome, and honest I would have been happy if he had got my hands on one of these pirated copies of the film to save himself $ 15 ticket prices. I think just the good thing that you come from the movie is that the next step (back to No 2, of course, the film more rare than this) in the birth of Polynesian movies. I hope the Pacific movie in the future can learn from Sion Wedding in a way that does not reflect Polynesia and be more meaningful and wise to say. Even if it is done in comedic style.
