I was very optimistic when I heard that it was made back in 2001 because I read "Devil and Daniel Webster" when I was a child and I found it very interesting. They made a change in a story that was not good for me. Daniel Webster in the story was a prominent lawyer from New Hampshire in the story. In the film he is the editor. The lawyer is making more insight since he ends up representing the Jabez stone against the devil himself (he was a man in the story, but he was a woman in the movie) in an attempt that all their souls are in line. As a editor, it doesn't seem likely that Daniel Webster will have the skills to do so. Acting was good for all except Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. These are two actors who I like, they just did a bad job in this movie. It was as if they thought they were working in the comedy, but the movie was bigger than the comedy. This may be partly due to the fact that the movie was done with a certain vision in mind, and then restructured by someone else. From this fact, it is surprising that it was exactly the same. I was surprised to see the right amount of SNL members who were beaten in the film, which leads more to believe that it may have an original picture with the aim of becoming more comedy. <br /> <br /> All in all I would like to say it's not quite dangerous, but it wasn't very good. If I could get an hour and a half back and do something else with it, I would. The end was sad. As in the previous story, Daniel Webster defeats the devil in this case. Jabez then begins again at the beginning of the movie ... in fact, we just return to the first place with Jabez, and then the movie approaches suddenly. In fact it looks like though they first photographed Jabez on it and called it the end. There is no indication that Jabee has the advantage of any knowledge or experience, so who will say that he did not repeat his mistakes again, and perhaps at times in the endless loop? It was the end of much disappointment and did not make much sense. The offer of respect, and everyone's acting except for Baldwin and Aykroyd are the only things that make this a perfect and perfect sandwich.
