I have found this in the DVD 10 CURSE OF THE BOOKS. You have gotta these business packs. Even if they do not have a real item, restored and all of the hoo-ha, and the film is generally in full shape of the pan and scanning, can not deny that there is always a few gems included. And with "jewelery", I mean there is always a good appearance, especially if the film comes out of '70s as the Mad House is. <br /> <br /> My Copy is called the House of Madness, but when the head screens are around it is the Dungeon's Torture of David David's Poe. It does not matter, of course, if the appetite is to decorate, no? Yes! But to say this film does not mean absolutely not true. There are some funky features here and there, and clearly flick had a good budget. <br /> <br /> The sequence of the opening head is cool and run with non-color colors for cheap TV viewing. Talk is always a hilarious. Near the beginning of the film, the horse and young driver rides to move the dead tree in the middle of the road. "WHAT IMPORTANT!" says our hero. Funny, then, that this dude should later not fight wacky woodsmen when they come to make fun freaky. You will completely forget that this person was even on the film until he was back again after the end. That's how the characters don't remember. The best place for the House of Madness, however, must be wacky music and hijinks which good people should endure. It's like the bad music of the cartoon which the three-year-old could enjoy. And why is every stomach weirdo, maybe? I would like to say when my fave you should be when the horse and buggy be beaten by the forest forest when they hit gray look at the house of high spirits and stick in the middle of the road and make buggy stop. What? What is hell? Oh, there's a lot of bobi to be seen, too, for those who bear such things. Boobies, bad conversation, and wacky music. That's a huge amount of Mad House for me. It is worth at least one look, and it may be best if you have a few drinks or whatnot. I can't say I had to look at it, but I can't deny that it's also a barrel of poop. Kinda as a Magical Journey of Secrets but for conspiracy, but not. Hmm. <br /> <br /> And Mr. Chicken PWNZ.
