Was it comedy or was it a drama? I start this review by asking this question because the only movie I saw, Hollywood Shuffle, was not interesting or rather surprising. When you tried hard to do something, because of this lack of clarity (comedy or drama), the clever theme and strangled words were lost. While I am a strong believer that there is a great civilization in Hollywood, even today, I do not believe that the beginning of the Townsend leader did much to complete it. Instead, I feel it has added more fuel to the fire. The comic summer of Townsend in this film was bad because of the fact that things he had to enjoy, was rather than promoting and vice versa. The areas that had to be bad had been damaged by the bad comedy of funny comedy. Townsend had a good idea with this film, but sadly the implementation is what ultimately hurt this film. If you look at the pre-film preview (which I always do), you will immediately get a bad feeling of what you will see. Verification provides a sense of intellectual film, the comic that emerges on the minds of the audience, but the real film could not be more from the truth. The main problem of Hollywood Shuffle is not the story itself (because it lacks definition); is the direction of Townsend. He had a wonderful idea with this film. Use Hollywood attractions that use our race. A good idea, but why didn't he do very well? The first reason is that his thoughts are random and normal. The design of this film was like watching heart attack on the track at the hospital, we are actually everywhere without any warning or map. It was obvious that Townsend had quite a bit to say, but only a short time to do it. Therefore, instead of defining its characters, developing its themes, and actually creating a smart film, she just gives us all together and asks that it works. Sadly, it does not. Instead of smart comedy, we have hodgepodge of many ideas, comedic skits, and less practitioners used that this film goes from respect to almost unnoticed. What makes Townsend more is its short, the attempt to be funny, distracting throughout the film. From fighting with a local guest known as Jerry Curl for Siskel & Ebert's attempts to talk about the film industry is losing. This is because smaller smaller skits prevent them from the main purpose of the film and actually damages inside. While Townsend seems to be trying to make jokes on life in Hollywood, it actually connects only to all kinds and images in the book. What may be a good sarma changes in just the usual humor that never stops away from others. So, if you find yourself laughing in the humor of this story, perhaps there is comfort to know. that some of the Wayan brothers are close to help spice up this bad story. WRONG! Wayans are in this film, but Townsend shows that he has the ability to even bring the worst even in this family of entertainment. In fact in their original time of Life, we see that the comedy was something that all needed to constantly improve. Maybe it was the direction of Townsend, or just maybe this angry story, but these ordinary funny girls were exposed to use and ignored when they came to critics of this film. I just thought that with the pool of talent which Townsend had to pull from the Hollywood Thanksgiving would be beautiful, bright, and true to be beaten with this obvious mobile problem. Unfortunately, not above. Finally, I would like to say that this was an interesting film. There was a time (when they were few and the middle way) which had a smile on my face, the last product did not fit well with me. Townsend could be funny, but in this film just felt like he was playing against himself, rather than experiencing his personal experience and problems. I realize that maybe she speaks the truth, but it has never been through it. Instead, we are locked in a weak story, which joins the idiotic video clips that can be used for sitcom, but it certainly doesn't work for this film. Even for those who have the opinion that this was his first beginning and that he was learning from this film, I disagree. If you start fresh, either have a tight script or a defined theme. Townsend did not have these, and with the inability to control its executives, failed only in the ball of fire. <br /> <br /> Overall, this was rather awesome looking. It reminds me of the school's bridge grade where your child finally translates. The word is hard, but if the first two or three letters come out, you think it will work perfectly, but then there is a "random" P and silent "R" which emphasizes your excitement coming down. That's what I felt with Hollywood Thanksgiving. At first, I saw the possibilities, I saw the theme and purpose behind the picture, but through inexperienced techniques and after the first two events, I noticed that the feelings of deep collapse. Townsend climbed his own ship over this, and I don't think the Hollywood Shuffle will have to again talk like the key moment of Hollywood film .........
