After delighting if the possible opening of the bank, 'Set It Off' goes directly into the fertilizer and continues to sink. This is a movie associated with evil, infinite genius instead of characters, the destruction of pride rather than planning, and a hideous cocktail of cloying sentimentality and free hosting rather than ideas, wit or feeling. In short, it is not different from 90% of Hollywood products. But it is the color of the color that makes 'Set It Off' a particularly sad example of modern film making. To put it as a 'sistahood' ceremony, the film is actually a celebration of many forms of abhorrence of Afican-American 'gangsta'. Gimmick this time is that the gangstas are wearing drag. It is not just a film that shows that gangsterism is a common identity for all African Americans who have been beaten in cash or feel a little sense with a Man, giving its sistas as deep things that give money and reinforce the most. Worse, 'Setting Out' uses the topic of racial discrimination and losses only as a tool to strengthen its plot structure. The major social issues related to the race competition are rated in an emerging and appropriate fashion to justify armed robbery, then it is hurled as soon as the film will produce a normal end of crime, LAPD turns into a caring group, crime freedom (telling Rodney). King), and Jada Pinkett Smith wishing 'good', follows the way of moving more out of the "hood" opened for him and his partner's bank manager buppie. 'Setting From' shows the poor state of the modern films of experimental experiments, emerging by the illusion of the intellectuals and pretending to celebrate life in 'hood at all times despising. When 'Shaft' and 'Superfly' in the 1970s may have been sterile and stabilized, they have cleanliness, energy and innocence that made it hard for the audience of all communities and still make them happy to see . 'Setting From' will not be worth getting angry on whether it was not a sign of a dramatic decline with the ghettoisation of African and American films since the growing values ​​in the early 1990s.
