We all knew even before opening, a mini series of Ron Moore is not Battlestar Galactica. Its okay. It simply means you must stand alone. Can't rely on Battlestar Galactica. If anything, it's good for personal qualities, and Ron Moore has something to be proud of. If the report is true, this is what Moore wanted. However, as a series of mini-series, he has scorned all the best actors who performed on the screen, not to mention many of the employees off the screen. And this is what he did. Yes, this new series is not accepted. I can't even call it again. It is a new production, led by Battlestar Galactica. It does not happen in the world of Galactica, with similar places with jargon and technology. It does not provide over Galactica's search for the thirteenth tribe. Nor did it depend on the myths and myths that emphasize Galactica. The mini series of Ron Moore is an opera space, a flick action and a nod of festivals for Battlestar Galactica. Maybe I should say, "just another" opera space, a flick action. Because if the plots are going, it has little that is original, or even interesting. I was able to send you one thing to you without a spoiler warning. But I can't give you that. I will only see the most important thing. Already now? Here's: Just watch the trailer. It will tell you everything that is in the story. Yes, human creativity turns man and seeking to destroy man. (I think they forgot the rules of Azimov, again.) They look like human beings, so there are all-among-us visitors. At least no time to travel. O, with a lot of fighting events and acts of random sex and abuse. The end result is that when Moore came out of Galactica, that celebration nod, it became more corny than respect. I mean, can't he even think of anything of himself? <br /> <br /> From the first few minutes, I wanted to look something else. I didn't care about Moore's characters, because I couldn't recognize any of them. This fact touched me in the face when Cylons started their attack. Har-Armageddon on the level of the planet, and I have not given a damn. How sad. Moore's heroes are faced with an inevitable obstacle, instead of winning it, instead of tail tail and saved their thickets. After all, that's the only way to save humanity, yadda yadda yadda. They took a safe way, rather than risking their own lives to protect others. Of course the dirt does not touch. But at the end, Ron Moore's mini series was just an activity without a purpose, the film on the treadmill, which runs forever still has no place. And I wanted to be up. And when it was over, my strength of life was taken from me. Due to my own will, I was turning into an intellectual, powerful zombie, maybe of the kind that this mini series would like to appeal. I needed to fill myself. I needed - and I swear this is true - I needed to look at the part of Babylon 5. Two pieces, in fact, and I felt better. And fun.
