Isn't it just a hate when you send a steak but a restaurant gives you chicken? This is how I felt this look called "Battlestar Galactica". Discussions can be made on its quality but the truth remains, not the fans. Think of if you were sitting on the restaurant I mentioned. You have tried for years to restore the famous New York Strip which you liked. When your food arrives, you find that they have used the name "New York Strip" on the chicken plate. You complain but the host says only "but cheeken, really is the GOOD"! Do you care if the chicken is good? You want the New York zone - STEAK! Helper explains, "you zee zil, chef chef wanted to do, if you, zomezing NEW We felt cheeken it would be the most popular zo we gave the name of our original delicious deesh". You ask if you ever get a new New York Strip call on the future list but it is stated that because the restaurant has a dish called "New York Strip" now on the menu, you will never see the New York Strip - again. <br /> <br /> That's the case for creating something NEW and hitting "Battlestar Galactica" namesake on it. <br /> <br /> * This mini series is hate for all fans of the original show! * It is a disgraceful production team that imposes the payment of this new version has been degraded by nature. The team that raises BG should have a preliminary love of the original - seeking to improve what fans liked, not trying to sell this new product using the name of Battlestar Galactica. <br /> <br /> If SciFi Channel wanted to throw a NEW show, then do it! Give a new name! Do not use the name we remember for an interesting attempt to the audience. That effectively breaks down the opportunity to see any previous situation in the future. We've been 25 years old to see what we know as BG because we liked something about nature! We did not just want NAME and residual concepts. There are things we liked about the previous series! Unfortunately, some of the best elements of the past are those that are lost. Of course, the original BG was not complete and could use some updating. This mini series, however, does not improve on any side but special effects (which were good but not common to today's standards). Many viewers will discuss the quality and quality of this new view but we cannot forgive SciFi and Ron Moore for destroying our dreams. It is said ... I will present a comment on the features of this new mini self (not in comparison with the original): <br /> <br /> Battle order was the best place. The effort was clear to put in more "real" effects in appearance and less "wow - look at the same effect". I can't say that this monitoring was unique to today's standards but they were still considering the pre-planned films. What is involved in this "pseudo-live-cam"? Some of the views attempted to trick the effect of the "true" camera and track monitoring and jerky zoom. However, it was used more because it had no visible SOURCE of these cameras. The greatest series of intelligence, Babylon 5, is the only example that I have seen such "live cams" used effectively, while we were witnessing the point of witnessing from Security Cams. <br /> <br /> Script, you ask? The script saw it as written by a young man, for other young people. The characters felt very nervous and void. Indeed, the whole story felt together from other known species. Only the best features of the whole story were a few elements saved from the previous series. It was clear "dropped down" for your average TV audience. The human interaction was sad. Instead of acting out of craft, words and a good time, every time of human tension was spreading up to the point of being very clear they lost all the ability to move the refined viewer. That was evident in any relationship between Adam and the Son. The director must be trying to verify the viewer very tall and uncomfortable without even being careful. Sorry, but real people do not behave as always. <br /> <br /> I would like to focus on this BAD display if it is standing alone. No big thing; will not be respected by true fans of SciFi or artists, but you will be able to watch with citizens. I personally would live without it, though. I just watched it to see how it really was to catch the original spirit. How this mini series will be remembered is always a sign of how quality in writing a story has been given to appeal to a large number. Even the SciFi Channel has dropped its "production" by serving civilians against its real niche market, fans of Fiction Science. It will be when we asked the steak and insisted to give us a chicken, despite our complaints. I will leave you with only one idea - NO / MOORE ". <br /> <br />
