Testing: 4 out of 10 <br /> As this mini series was approaching, and we were well aware of the last six months when Sci-Fi Channel continued to publish their presentations and BG ads, confessing that I felt more increased as I learned more. <br /> <br /> Like any movie art that has stood for a test of time, different people go to them to see different things. In this regard, when people think of Battlestar Galactica, they remember different things. For others are chromium fighters and light red color in their visor. For others, it is love that they did for special effects that were to change at their time. Many have forgotten the special effects of the 70 years, especially those on television. For some memory solving around the story story. Others still remember how relationships helped them to cope with the challenges they faced. Really, I've come from the last group. The foundation of Battlestar Galactica was the people who bought one another to save each other from a bad kingdom. Yes, evil. Cylons had nothing to find but the demolition of human society still did so. When the basic stars were moving around, men and women gathered to meet the enemy and close resources, and somehow managed to survive until the next show. They did not live because they had the best technology, or the most powerful fire. They survived because they cared and trust each other through a show show. <br /> <br /> The show had its mistakes, and sometimes it was sappy, but they were people you could take care of. <Br /> <br /> The current editors of this system seemed never understood this. Somehow took a small part of the original show, the names of the character and took the story of art and work that did not call anything under the restoration of the science of television. Since that was their goal, they could be judged as they did well: failure. It was far from restraint. In fact it was in many ways one of the efforts of science writing for a long time. It borrows freely from ST: TNG, ST: DS9, Babylon 5, and even the battlefield. I find it unfortunate. Ronald D. Moore has been a leading contributor to the most famous science for more than a decade, and has contributed to some of the most popular Fiction Science movies you can hope to see. One of the problems that he seemed to be was that he could not have conflicts in the staff of the Enterprise D & E. staff. That was an uninterrupted code of Roddenberry ST: TNG. As many who have lived under the laws of others who then take advantage of the law when they are not under the authority, Ron Moore seems to have forgotten some of the lessons he learned under the science fiction issue: Gene Roddenberry. Here, instead of writing the best possible story, he has created a cast of dysfunction as I have ever seen with the intention of creating a great dispute as he could. Apart from being unable to work, some of these were not reliable. Anyone who has ever been a soldier knows that a person who had no sense of defeating the chief officer can not only get a few days "for a hack," they could have achieved, and could not happen the next day. It was not, the time, especially during the war. What I missed most of Ron Moore's original work is that he wrote the death of Capt James Kirk. He killed Capt Kirk, and, alas, has been killed in Battlestar Galactica.
