I saw yesterday the second part. And I must say, it was better and the first one. At first, I realized, It's really a sequel, not a remake but it's not good. I do not like old movies and a series of Galactica, because the cylons felt like toasters (as described on this new film) and were not entirely innocent of the old galactica. This movie turns around - People were not guilty but the whole movie was for me quite chaotic and stupid. Many events were not necessary, for example the story of "computer specialist" - completely crap. If I was a writer of the script I would have taken him to his home, killed by a cylon woman. And transfer from the planet? Oh, please if you would have a bomb with Megatoni 50 (why exactly 50 MT ??) nukes, they would have been killed by radiation. And how is it possible that a large ship of cylon was completely hidden before the attack? Aha, maybe this computer virus, designed by cylon - script perhaps written by a ten-year-old boy of school. The best part of the movie is that human beings have failed in the end! In fact failure, the population is close to extinction (children die - twice clear in the film: 1. child !!! perhaps one month and a ten-year-old girl - it's violent ...). With bad ass and won and I think it is the first time in the anti-galaxy film such as galaxy. I also enjoy the structure of cylons (not just the humanoid cylon :-) good work with these ships - I would like the structure of the ship for both - human cylons. Human ships are never good old version. And galactica - in fact it's good with these docks, I liked it. But this is all, just design is not enough. Acting was very serious, the whole plot was anticipated (two not - cylon humanity on ragnardocks and cylon humanitarian end) .The conversation was unusual (and in Slovak is just dabbing ignorant, but that's not the fault of the movie). The whole movie was seen as an experimental film in a row, but who will hit the series? What will it be? The star for the second design for the perfect humanity.
