This film is a mess, but at least it's not engaging. The box art for video marketing is "relaxing with delight" up to the major films of the 1950s. In fact, it is less than open business under "Guests". <br /> <br /> Manufacturers refused to make pictures "ALIEN", but they should not have a lot of money. In fact, it doesn't seem like they had ALL money, in fact. I hope everyone has been paid who worked on this. The basic plan is taken - only a group of people found and a murdered creature - and the land area is incorporated for budget reasons, I think. Instead of filing the film in place, where no one can hear you scream, puts the film in the hospital, where everyone can see your budget installed. The interesting thing about the "Blue Blues" (and there is only one thing interesting about it) is, the film artists never stop "ALIEN" aesthetics. Even though we are in the hospital, we still have a cavernous incentive where experimental science experiments are being done, in this case it is a good tool to "grow hormones" device. The appendix includes as a boiler room (or something), so we can have a definition of monster for heat. The boiler room is so large that it is faced with a lot of stolen steel, perfect to allow the hole to spread between slats. The idea is that a person working in dirty is attacked by a plant from a rare plant that has grown in a foreign area. He touches and says "Ow", so we know he hurt. Cut off his finger causes loss of awareness in a minute, and in the hospital bears a white worm through his mouth (I think in the picture "ALIEN" this will be called "mouthburster"?). Vegetables are all alone, but some young children suffering from leukemia are emerging and "accidents" provide hormonal growth hormones. You know everyone has trouble when the hospital staff members are hit by the camera on the front, and the man of repairs soon finds the necessary cocoons, before being caught by a pair of impressive insectoid weapons. Other parts of the film are dominated by a half-monster monster, with a half-half cover with half of the darkness. It has brought us "ALIEN". Do you ask, can the film put in the hospital involving all the strobe flash lights that have been on "ALIEN" films? No problem ... losing electricity (or something) causes the electrical system to go to the awry, which seems to cause strobe lights to shine in any hospital room and frequent fly in the cinema. This creates as a simple string for non-special effects (although the bugs are very good, they do not move very well, and the baby bug looks like a Cootie toy). Well, why bases "ALIEN" are not covered ... OH, water falling under the walls! See ... we will distribute large hospitals in two parts, then send some of the characters through the soil, the ground to the other side. The problem of solving, we now have the opportunity to "multiple axes". And don't forget the mist ... well, you never need excuse for this in the awesome movies, do you? Well, maybe in the hospital you are doing, then we will make smoke by having lots of things that are stimulating and burning. <br /> <br /> I've never said anything about useless work, not that executives have been given any kind of script to follow. I take "Blue Monkey" was supposed to have a cheerful heart, and if so then it was a good attempt, but the pieces did not come along with the movie ending to a real drag. See the film "Return of Visitors: Death Benefits" if you want to see this kind of film that gets the right, with even less money and other low talents. This falls down on its ALIEN.
