* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * take place in the last century of the northwestern century. In the mud mining camp, John McCabe (Warren Beatty-aged) comes, filled with cigarette smoke and good ideas on building saloon / house of an effective house for the city, rich in trio of cinema history. He also comes with an unknown reputation as gunslinger: also shy about this by publicly declaring, but not particularly fear of using it to verify male male characteristics among the locals. And so he opposes the boys to build his saloon at a rate of 15 cents per hour. It seems to be a rather sorry operation until Mrs. Miller (Julie Christie) shows on the amazing contraption of the half-rail car, half of the car (where Altman got it?). Mrs. Miller immediately takes McCabe as a business partner, for the purpose of establishing new partnerships with clean killings and insisting that all visitors wash before entering. Realizing that McCabe does not know how to add, he also stresses the account. Unknown to McCabe's work will be. This plan is spreading when two oil representatives from the mining company show the city and give McCabe a fifth out of the big. McCabe tells them to freeze - he does for fifteen thousand. The company finds a destructive dialogue, so the three employers kill the McCabe only. . . although they think they can get away from killing a man in a bright afternoon in the middle of the city is not known as McCabe's work in house cooperation. (To stimulate the pit of the conspiracy because the people would have been so afraid of speaking they did not hesitate when someone thinks that any money offered by Marshal's area would be very good.) \ T The classic Seventies movies ", should be better than it is. Movie tells a very good story; The main characters have the ability to attract. There are some incredible events, especially one that deals with what appears to be a 14-year-old stone-killer. But it is true, very difficult to enjoy a movie when you can't hear what someone is saying and when you can't see what a person does. Once again, this director gives birth to his own movie and sluggish pride and well-being. According to the pilot paper here on the IMD, the film editor sounded to Altman that the sound was muddy; Altman did not agree; and when everyone said the sound was muddy after the release of the film, Altman lamented the editor. (Good.) With a bad sound, the film looks angry. Robert Altman can only employ a DP class of the world as Vilmos Zsigmond and make a movie that looks like violated lenses of cameras and column water. The audience here who praise the "black light of the color" of this picture have GOT that they have made me. The interior is beaten by what appears to be dark darkness. Outdoor photography is even worse: it's like Altman has put a 500 mist machine behind the attractive trees. During the very stretch, when Beatty kills the killers when the local church is hot, Altman insists in a very good way to hide the view and the fall of snow that reminds one of the great Christmas Rankin-Bass. <br /> <See - I can't watch the film under these conditions. Go back to me as you learn how to put boom scissors, when you remove all the interesting "Altman-esque" dialogue, and when you delete the lenses with a particular Windex, or something. 3 out of 10 stars.
