How they got Al Pacino playing on this film is more than me. This movie is quite awesome. I discovered, after reading some of the other reviews, that several people enjoyed this film, which is very attentive, because I do not see how anyone with good intelligence can enjoy the film as bad as the Revolution. Not only is it a bad movie, and a conspicuous and unhealthy plot that is not very popular, but it seems like the film artists have lost their mind (which is a very simple explanation of why this film takes as it does, although perhaps still trying even compared to other films made by retards or deliberately makes any human decision to make this film possible. For example, we see Donald Sutherland going around with a huge mass, with good oil on his face. Usually they do not have a mole. Mole does not add its character. It is very bad and confuses. Not as a mole of Robert De Niro; it's worse. Why does hell have a mole? It is as if the authors of the film just said, "Let's see, how can we make this film worse than it is? I know, let's give Mr. Sutherland giant, fool-ass the opposite." <br /> <br /> Another example of the folly of the film is the Ned character. We see, for the first quarter of the movie, the youth of Ned. At the same time, "six months later" appears on the screen. We see Ned again, and in fact, is the same actor playing the boy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" appears on the screen, and suddenly we had a different actor playing as Ned now old. Do we think we are lovers? Good God! Again, it's like the creators of the film say, "How can we make it worse? I don't think we can ... Oh wait! I was just a bad idea!" I know the child can't grow by half a year, which is good, but at least grow more than he does in three weeks. Don't just get another actress playing Ned, or at least take him five minutes when he is younger than three weeks. Additionally, a child who plays "big" Ned will not look at anyone greater than "Ned" less. In fact, he looks just differently, with many skins, and no longer or more than the original actor, which is very mixed, like me, if any intelligent person, thought first to be a new and different character. What is the first child died when they hit movies? Because he was in it for an hour and the first half, and then suddenly, three weeks later, a boy from Lock Stock and Two Trenches of Nail playing Ned for five minutes of the film. And even if the original actor died, film artists should have at least to find an actor who looks like he will play the remainder of his role, and call again a five-minute goal of six months later. Best of all, just complete the film, never stop it and never give it, never even tell anyone about it, because at that time they should realize that their movie blows and finishing then they could lose more money and time and succeed in making one of the bad movies more at all. I don't say that this film is bad shouldn't look at it; it is so bad that you should look at it, to see how appropriate. It's awesome, terrible.
