A good actor like him, Al Pacino completely destroys the Revolution? His way of acting is quite sick for the role of the striker who cannot read and focus on the United States of Independence. The great should be associated with director Hugh Hudson (yes, someone who made Chariots Of Fire a few years earlier?) Talk about coming down!). One of the functions of the director is to make actors, perform beautiful performances from them, but in this case Hudson has allowed Pacino to run amok without asking to block any kind. It is not just the work of the al-work that prevents the film though: there are many other errors and the Revolution, which more will be said later. The author who is illiterate Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north - north of America and his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). Is leading a simple life? live away from the earth, raise his son, living against things. The country is honored by the British colonies, but during the eight-year period (1775-83) the revolution takes place that ends with the British defeat and the independent US nation. Dobb is experiencing events when his boat and his son are brought by the Continental Army? cancellation of events that they cannot understand, Dobbs find themselves fighting for their lives and freedom in one blood relationship after another. Tom also likes to Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and hot woman of British descent. Their forbidden love takes place against the great historical context of fighting. <br /> <br /> Where to start with film error? Most important staff are miscast ?? Pacino has been criticized sufficiently, but Kinski is much better as an aristocrat ignorant when Donald Sutherland is undoubtedly lacking as a skeptical and impressive English soldier. Robert Dillon's lesson shifts in his efforts to bring great historical events to a personal level. For no one seems to have decided whether this means learning to behave around the American Revolution as a background, or an epic war of the epic with a few minorities used to carry stories together. Therefore, the story comes in anyone's country, releasing from the "main festival" for "small stories" without discrimination and without meaning. John Corigliano's mark is quite sudden, and is poured on the case without thought and lies. Hugh Hudson's focus is very serious, with the management of Pacino and other key administrators, and in the decision to use the camera function that stimulates during the action process. The idea of ​​a hand-used camera is to build fast? The feeling of "being there" in a mix of war with the fire of the musket. Like many other things in the film, it doesn't work. One department where the film gets a legacy of respect is a description of time, and clothing, sets and weapons that seem to be right. But if the description of the period you are interested in and the tour of the museum will be the best way to spend your time, because if the experience of the movie stimulates revolution does not even begin to make a bridge. There is no more than £ 18 million mega-bomb that the British film industry's patient could not reach mid-1980s.
