I am in the opinion of the great epic War of the American Revolution. This is not the case. (And for that, even Emmerich / Devlin / Gibson THE PATRIOT But I am giving birth.) It is a movie in the public inquiry on the old MGM Studios (now Sony) before it comes out. The audience had high expectations for this expensive piece, written by Elder Robert Dillon, led by Hugh Hudson, the renowned (of CHARIOTS OF FIRE name), and with the star Al Pacino. But it didn't take a long time for people to start to start their exciting seats, whispering a sad comment on the accent horribly misconception of Pacino - was supposed to be a river of natural Scottish origin (!) - and Nastassja Kinski, who thought that soon moved from England (!!). Then the story began and all came down sharply. Thoughts were shaken, the conversation was bad, the events did not have a historical or political environment. What was a conspiracy that was unfortunate; for the second or third time that lovers claim that Pacino and Kinski were violated in each other was a bad joke. Donald Sutherland gave effective as an official / pederast of the UK. His feeling was on the map as well. I think he didn't have English practitioners found. Many people are left. Those who continued to deal with the prohibition of giggles, then clearly exposed. I put it out - I thought that at least the events of the war could be good. I was wrong. Unfortunately, Hudson chose to beat the film for hand-camera, even Steadicam, boldly giving an unsolicited written journal that destroyed the feelings of the standard. There was a famous television viewer a few viewers in front of me: (late) Gary Franklin's Channel 7 Eyewitness News. I was able to tell him he was ignored by the behavior of others. And indeed, in his part on TV the next day he gave a film of '10' on his bad 'Franklin Scale's 1 to 10' character, while pointing to churlishly on louts who broke the screening the night before, who clearly didn. What buffoon. <br /> <br /> After this tragedy, Pacino had no star in another film for nearly 4 years. Hugh Hudson's work has never been healed. You can't say I didn't warn you.
