What a great word "re-think" is. Isn't that what they call Dawn of the MMIV (2004)? The word of the clever - hides the word that everyone has grown to hate, "remake" that is, and makes it as close as the process of making one was creative and inclusive. Well, I had been run out. At least I was deceived by a lot of violence and unrest rather than the idea of ​​"re-thinking," although it was involved. <br /> <br /> Still, why do remake? Directors do only for a few reasons: updating the film to modern audiences, or because they themselves love the original and want to provide taxes. Judgment, if you want. However, usually (I accept away) boils up to one thing: steal someone's idea and renew it (or "rethink" that) so that those who don't see or understand will pay money to see it. It's like Coles '/ Cliffs' description; Dump everything in a blender, cleaning all the most amazing and curious and throwing in several fake flavors. In other words, a great deal of sale. <br /> <br /> Why is it similar to this? Yes, I will start with what I liked. I loved the opening scenes. Thanks to CGI and a great budget we can get the understanding of the death of the Romero zombie tried to communicate in nature through a minimalist way. We see the city being ruined, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that look good on the screen. Then all falls off. <br /> <br /> Starting this causes anywhere. Movie makes what almost every remake does. It adds more to everything except behavior, atmosphere, and story. It is wise, (in a particular sense) bloodier, and more full of the main characters who seem to simply die in nonsensical subplots. Layout, stores that have played an important role in the original film and theme, are equally compatible. The concept presented in Romero's film, the joy of cheerful of having to "all the stores to yourself as a fortress," has gone here. Additionally, this "think again" does not moxie, no spirit, no balls. It takes (perhaps quite sure) that the audience is not careful and uncomfortable to get us interested in characters or stories. The movie has run away and there is no strong interaction of the original four characters. You have actually grown up and dealt with them in the Romero version because there was a certain reality of their existence despite the damage outside the shops. Here, when do you care or who is going: important things are how they go. <br /> <br /> What else to say? Film is not recommended. It has one or two "fly" screens and tries to do it with others with special and big effects. If the story is also true it should be followed by the conflict between the characters is also developed to preserve it. Humor is also reduced to one liners (and one very good character: Andy). After that, what is still there? The most obvious and least inferior to the inevitable victory of the original film. But, though it is a very bad film (though it is not as bad as other remakes), it should be reminded of one thing: it took the Passion of Christ from one number to the box office. Well zombies.
