This film is 'Hollywood hokum' clean. Depends on the novel called 'Not Too thin'? It is not bigger "and Richard Sale, which may or may not be interesting; it would take the study to find out! The story in the film takes a great deal of many events and history which was clear in the novel but it could not be seen in the film, so the film was effectively cut or The screenplay was a mess from the beginning. There is no one millisecond in this film which is far from actually, either by events or characters. It is a wonderful picture of Hollywood in every respect. Two famous actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, are down and used to be and be sure that they are in the film all the time. They should be beaten in a mixture in a way that a person adds a spraying to the chopped chives on the omelette, hoping that the taste will be strengthened. This story refers to other hardened criminals who are imprisoned in French who want to stay cross the French colonial prison through the jungle (very the jungle of Hollywood laid by the snake snake). There is usually a woman in the story, so Joan Crawford puts it as a low-lucky fabric which for some reason becomes incapable of Clark Gable, one of the survivors who survived. Crawford in flight through the jungle wear high heeled shoes and puts her fresh makeup. Gable flirts and grimaces and makes the words of the mawkish, stretch his face as it was, rub and look at everyone, which was his way of acting. It is difficult to treat such a character as a tough breaker when he tries to be difficult to clark Gable that he actually does not have any time to become a thief. (Caution is by definition also involved in stealing and holding a job that requires people not to see.) The whole violence is so ridiculous that it can be seen as normal entertainment. The attempt of religiosity and 'deep' is done by inserting into the story the wonderful 'angel of mercy' who appears in prison freely and pretends to be a prisoner. He helps in escape and accompany all criminals and ministries for their various deaths, helping them to find 'peace' in their final troubles. This character is played very well by Ian Hunter, who sits in the air of influence of the mysterious knowledge, speaking in a strange voice, makes the prophetic words of pride, and has a small spot training on his face to give him the heavenly light. The theme means being redemption. You can call it Donald Duck version of 'Hollywood Ethics' and 'heavy'. In reality, Hitchcock's 'Confess' of 1953 shows how it should be done. On the contrary, this piece of little vanity shows how the cemetery was made in the Town of Tinsel, and that when they met something that could mean something, all who could come was, revealed, more than water.
