The author of the novel, sports, and short story, W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965) was considered among the world's greatest writers during his lifetime, and although his reputation has fallen for many years his work continues to command the important respect and great reading of public. It was published in 1944, a RADIATOR is a legendary veteran of World War I whose exploration of spiritual light passes beyond the western values. It was the last major novel of Maugham - and it was very popular. Given that the novel disputes have been closed into spiritual and philosophical issues, it was also a very unusual choice for the film version - but Darryl F. Zannuck of the 20th century Fox loved the book and scored the rights of the screen shortly after published. According to a lot of films, HOW TO RAZOR was directed by George Cukor's story from the screens of Maugham himself - and it seems that Maugham wrote a change. When the film grew producer, Cukor was replaced by Edmund Goulding, an unknown director for artistic touch than a workmate, and Maugham's document was replaced by one by Lamar Trotti, a reporter of the siege pictures such as THE OXBOW INCIDENT. Tyrone Power, recently restored by military service during World War II, was beaten as Larry Darrell who fought spiritually; Gene Tierney, one of the most beautiful of his era, was thrown as a social partner Isabell Bradley. The support was very important, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson, and Elsa Lanchester. Both the budget and the bulletin schedule were strong, and when the film started in 1946 it was very popular with the public and critics. But when you have a way to keep things out of perspective. You have seen today, the RAZORI SOCIETY is actually a produced film - but that the best way to say it is that it achieves the freedom of the middle. As in most cases, the biggest problem is the script. Although it is close to the Maugham novel on behalf of the plot, it is obviously far from the mark for the character of the character and fails to capture the basic issues that run the story. We are told that Larry is in search of lighting; we are told that he receives it; we are told he does about it - but in spite of the most frequent views and we have not been told anything about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical, and philosophy process of anything. We especially have not been told anything big about the nature of the lamp itself. It has the effect of cutting the story into his knees. We are left with the plot of the Maugham plot, which refers to the relationship between Larry and Isabell, the Larry woman loves but leaves due to growing the ideological riff to open between them. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were more than a recognition of physical beauty than talent, but both can turn to good performances when they received solid support and support of the script. Unfortunately, that doesn't happen here; is one very symbol and Power has been sent too much. Fortunately, the healing of help is quite good, with Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb, and Lucille Watson exactly; The regular performance with Anne Baxter, however, has not been dressed as one could hope. At the right time of less than two and a half hours, the film also hears the wrong moment. There is an endless possibility of a cocktail booth, and in fact a whole chain of India (which reads as faintly hilarious) would be better cut off - the unusual situation, for this is a very well-expected chain as a whole crux. Regardless of the specific location, all appears only develops and there is no real point. <br /> <br /> Like the DVD itself, the film has not been destroyed, but the publication is very good, and when the bonus package is not particularly remembered and not poor. When all is said and done, I give four stars for the production stars and the willingness of everyone to take the equipment - but in fact, this excellent film left Power and Tierney fans, who enjoy for the stars, and those who have their attention on the light of The spiritual is the same as the film itself. GFT, Amazon Reviewer
