What if Somerset Maugham has written a novel about a coal trader who decided to find a lot of light to try to join a country club? If he had, he could call it the Planning Card, since Katha-Upanishad tells us, "The edge of the beard is hard to pass, so the wise say the way of salvation is hard." But Maugham decided to cling to the bred class, and so we have the Darryl F. Zanuck version of Larry Darrell, recently returned from WWI, being carefully distributed, connected to the community and decided to find himself to be a coal miner. Or, as Maugham tells us, "This is a young person I am writing with. It is not known. It is possible that his life will finally be over no longer to stay on this planet than a stone cast into a river on the surface of the grass. The water may be that the way of life has chosen himself can be an eternal influence over his fellow, so that, long after his death, perhaps, it will be recognized that he lived in this time very strange creature. Razi has every cultural flavor of Zanuck which money can buy. It's very hard, it's true ... so it's very important. If Larry is looking for a search for wisdom, working in the mines, for a merchant ship, climbing the Himalayas to learn from a wise man of the past, we have his proud, loving girl, Isabel, played by Gene Tierney, his awesome chum of the childhood played with Anne Baxter, the snobbish of the girl and the uncle who was shocked by Clifton Webb, and Willie Maugham herself, played by Herbert Marshall, writing. The movie is so insufferably smug on kindness that the only thing that takes a little is Clifton Webb as Elliot Templeton. "If I live six hundred I will not understand how any boy can come to Paris without evening clothes." Webb has good lines, but we slow down to appreciate Clifton Webb, not Elliot Templeton. Zanuck wanted glory for the twentieth century when he sold Maugham's novel rights. He waited a year until Tyrone Power was released from the military. He made sure that there was extra wear and a few, which looks like it means a great church and even wrote some of its own events. The effort is like personal consciousness as a fat person wearing the tux hired. Despite the Hollywood perspective on things in the Razor Gate, I can tell you that for most people the hard work is not suitable lighting, just wear and pay less. After two and a half hours, we seem to see Larry carrying his duffle bag on a rainy board on the rain. He will do his job to return to America from Europe with a happy smile on his face. "My dear," Somerset Maugham says to Isabel at the same time in a well-groomed room, "Larry has found out what we all want and very few we ever get. I don't think anyone can fail to be better, and nobler, wise to know him." , my dear, good is after the greatest power in the world ... and he has! ”Larry and all viewers need a healthy dose of Dramamine. Mys, we should not forget, he was a good sports writer, novel, essay and short story. To see how films can make him right, see how some of his short stories were brought to the screen in Encore, Trio and Quartet. And instead of wasting time with Larry Darrell, spend time with Lawrence Durrell. The Quartet of Alexandria is reading well.
