If you beat your young people in the 70's, as I did, maybe remember the story about Studio 54 if you didn't like disco. The exclusive club, it was a complete sign of the overindulgence of the cultural and leather self; there is even a good VH1 document about a club that can tell you everything you want to know about his day, and stories are interesting enough to produce a very interesting film. <br /> <br /> Sadly, this is not the case. 54 follows the life of a few of his staff, a bartender named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a busboy named Greg (Breckin Meyer), his wife, a handbag-looking girl, Anita (Selma Hayek), and of course the master of the ceremony, Steve Rubell ( Mike Meyers). While the events in the club are well standing, this film is more involved in the personal life of the staff, following the story of Shane more closely. <br /> <br /> The movie works at intervals. Sometimes it attracts a fully shallowness of night culture (such as Shane is taken at a dinner party and does not know who 'Errol Flynt' is), and sometimes looks at the hokey melodrama. Some of these are natural in the premise? follow down below as they combine in the rich and mysterious world? but much is due to the treatment of child protection which both club and Rubell are given every movie. While Rubell was really surprised at the area in New York and his cathedral to the top-and-pick-up festival for each night, drug and prostitution are briefly touched; and Rubell himself, while his surplus was mentioned, coming off the odd to a boy who was a liar, cheating, drug abuse, and disgusting like hell. Not that I expected the person to be added here, but his direct ego contributed to the collapse of his club and the decline of the night's evening helped them lift it. The last part where he watches under the constant paternally is so emotionally false as to be suddenly strange. Meyers is doing a good job of catching Rubell, but he's given very little to work and here's a wonderful performance; but he is good, and helps to tie the film. Philippe, who I usually find to be a good actress, is bound here for the injustice and ignorance of his character; he is less than the heads of the ----- smile smile or lack of understanding, and even cannot interpret it in a strict performance. Hayek and Meyer are all the same, again, less writing and writing, and Neve Campbell ?? most popular in the DVD? it seems briefly he has really come to be. For some reason I am still fascinated, even interesting, and popular culture of the second half of the seventy years. But even from this, this is not the film that actually made me, despite the introduction of love. I would like to say if at that time, or the club, has any interest for you, track down VH1 specific rather than this medium-to-road melodrama.
