On his face, Ruiz has made the thriller of psychological. Although it is not satisfactory as a classic piece in that kind, there is a compensation. The tension generated between Huppert and Balibar as women for stability but for the calculation in the war on their boy all claim to force; however, in the true style of Europe's gallery, Ruiz does not diminish this tension because women also try to live in harmony with each other. The only raised voice is Huppert's rise from a dream (unplanned event in the film). In fact, if we are looking for the head, the film is very little about its exciting bones like Jane Campion In The Cut. Rather it is a psychological study among men. The boy, Camille (Nils Hugon), decides on a good joke, playing his mother against another emotional victim. Two women seem to be singing instead of writing and this combines the problem. In the past it is a psychologist (Charles Berling), swift to deal with women in her life - her sister Huppert, nanny or pa - and so she works as an example of ordinary adults, quiet and (we learn) Camille's deception. It is particularly interesting that, as a father in Henry James 'Turn of the Screw, David's father Podalydes' -forcercer does not exist for film time. Ruiz fashions during Oedipal out of Huppert's response to his return to the close film. <br /> <br /> Read either as a thriller or as a psychological essay, this film will finally despise. I am officially rather executed by the way of Girl Huppert, which is buried so much and so I will be looking to see him in action before his return (Europe - enjoyed the Gate of Heaven) film again. Help is good. Ruiz has no consciousness yet. Prior to the poor lighting and some odd shots, as if its direction has left the character impossible - I think especially about the Shamanic neighborhood of Edith Scob to Isabelle, who knows to know but communicates. Cutting pieces are not connected to the driving plan - the tension I have already described is not only slow but it has lost its power. Do you want to see the excitement of modern French? Go see L'Appartement instead. 4/10
