I totally despise this movie. No wonder Jose Larraz "refused" at the same time and refuses to negotiate. I am fascinated by the work of Larraz, especially the most exciting sex of sex / sex of maniac like SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. His work has a form of ignorance that cannot escape on him that cannot be seen to extinguish, due to his part of his secondary work as painter & painter. It was so bad he did not make the West, his vision would be perfect. BLACK CANDLES is his most famous film and probably more known after VAMPYRES's masterpiece. And the unknown thing pertains to one area where Satan's affinity creates a strange worship involving the removal of goat's water - an example of the Beast - such as some kind of disgusting balm used to prepare a waif as a sister of a man killed for his role as Satan's bride. The area that is emerging has been done in such a way that it seems to influence even without displaying any of the goat's apparatus that may have been given, depending on the history of the actress employed to play playing and conceived in worship with lots of films of recycled musical film when they heard in half a half film associated with Jacinto Molina. The evil situation of the area means more than shown in the detail of the example, it has increased somewhat to the knowledge that man is a little man of Satan's devil. My but they were happy to combine this film. The problem is that there is not much to upgrade or reflect on the thin paper of RABEMARY'S BABY from a woman who has been in her role as the Bride of Satan and the modern co-ordination of Satanists who live in the hedgrowed islands of the sinner. Led by sensor Eurohorror Helga Line These Satanists include doctors, lawyers, land ownership magnates and other high-end serial ones who really should have their professional success for their devil worship. All you have to do is sell your soul and the world you can be, just see who sells out to pay a personal crisis or you can stop the cutting and sword. The film's attempts to combine this head of Satan with oodles or sexuality sex, and should be properly seen as a form of peak or end of sexual love and Spanish fears found in part by Mr. Molina & Ms. Line, and surprisingly surprising under the unacceptable eye of Generalissimo Franco, the Spanish control judge until 1976. When he lived his command was that the Spanish movie was not there with sex photos. The Spanish directors often made two versions of their films, one with the hidden sex for their own screens and one with prostitution on display for export. As difficult as it was for the representatives of the film to describe the results was a form of interesting tension that results when the sex actors are banned: the fear of Spain from the 1970s has a very special taste which is the amount of taste available. Not for everyone. But with the incredible change of events, without the influence of Franco on their Spanish culture fear the kind of dry at the end of the 1970s, when their Gothic castles and orgies of demons suddenly found themselves passed when compared to new feelings like JAWS and the phenomenon of STAR WARS. And without the barriers of their Franco they were suddenly flooded of high graphic displays that came tumbling out of the pipes in the late 70s / early 80s, which BLACK CANDLES are perhaps known because it is an emphasis on the deviancy of gender and barnyard animals. Larraz's films have been around the gender barriers (lesbianism of VAMPYRES, incest of SCREAM and DIE & DEVIATION) but here the pollution effect is covering the shade of production. No one cares about anything else except the traditional trips to the Goat Guns, and looking at the cut-out version in the barn is almost unimportant exercise. Sex is not enough for a sufficient amount such as porn and fragrance is not sufficient to sufficient. Therefore, BLACK CANDLES are essentially a study of behavior - Here's how the highest society of Satan can live in their secret homes in West Midlands or whatever. Among the incidents of sex actors / executives live around and have a lot of discussion. The best thing is that the film is going to be a humiliating condition of claustrophobia, and many actions take place inside the home of Ms. Line. Almost every form of sexual immorality is proven so that romantic romantic fans and hinting of unusual fear will be amused, and of course sex offenders among us will enjoy their chickens on the warehouse of the goat. But the final conclusion of the film is silly, engaging, intellectual, and perhaps perfect for such a forgetful exercise in the use of sleaze. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without the Guns of this goat this movie is not the same, and for the area is probably very little for many viewers. Larraz was right to deny it.
