Remember for the soul - because the film is exotic, secret and star Catherine Zeta-Jones does not mean that it is any good. That is the case of 'Blue Juice', 1995 Brit is talking about an impossible group of surfing executives in what is visible (for dumb America, however) where it is not found more to find spies: Cornwall, England. You may be thinking this has the preparation of a amusing comedy, a little quirky. If only. The film is less than ninety minutes but it seems unlikely to be interrupted. The easiest way to describe is as '90' English 'Grease' type without playing, but even makes it sound better than it is. No, the best way to take it is as a little piece of life put in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman with a surf teacher, JC (Sean Pertwee; you remember). Pertwee is actually a film of the film, and its character is something of a surf story for a small group of surf servers, a required group of free spirits that live in this film. In this case, it includes a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist, dj old club dj who wants to be a record-seller, and a strong nerdy man who, in an unprecedented situation, gets stones and loses all of his practices without it certainly turns out to be the best thing that happened to him. I cannot honestly say everything that is going on in the 'Blue Juice' is predictable, because it has been put in place and reflects the habits and practices that I do not know very well, but there is really nothing surprising or even interesting that happens there or with characters. Comedy, though, is very predictable and tired. One can understand setting up miles away and almost reading the conversation (for American type, of course) before the actors do. The relationship between JC and Chloe is every bit like hackneyed. He loves to grow; he wants them to be powerless young people began to be. He is afraid to lose face with his group; he thinks he loves them. You get an idea. When I tried to stay focused on the 'Blue juice,' towards the end I felt, as the word goes, that this was an hour and a half of my life I could not return.
