About five minutes inside, and I saw where this was dreaming. A group of high school children are angry with school administration and rebellious thinking begins. I told my partner: if it gets less than 5 on IMDb, I'll go and read the book. It was 5.0, so he persuaded me to go look. What are good things? In fact, it is a good idea that this film has no story, because of course you would be confused with it for editing. Similar to the drawing of a student which was closed by one of the teachers, all the photos of this film were cut by a freak accident involving a meat-grinder, and half of the damaged stock, and the other half taken in second second bits. Even in the second news media news, there are about six and three different angles. And then there are montages. All of these have been put into electronic music, which tells you to have another meeting, so like Pavlov's dog starts each time you hear, which is almost every three minutes. Oh, I should say what is good about this film. Well, the film was hit very well, with a good color palette, which was similar to emotional content - as it was - of events. Okay, now with the main idea of ​​the film, and not the story, or the lack of it. The director made a serious mistake of leading you to get lost on people and situations, not with the animation of pride, but by choosing too much about what to show about the main characters. That's just cheating. I think he did it so that he could make the medium quality more appropriate. But it became very clear. If the story is full of holes, it is not a good thing to try to do it by destroying the viewer. And often there was no guarantee. And then the end. Basically, the great villain of peace turns into a good man, if he is stupid. It also changes what was considered as a whole part of the film, that you should stand up just because of its head, and the misdirection described already, and makes it a point on the nature of the revolution, which has already been made, and better, for the animal farm. I have also done what I call Bill Cosby sin: no matter how things appear at first, the end of adults is always right, and children are always the same. And let's say: unless you are me, it's not true.
