Okay, it's not likely, for the worst film that I ever seen. This did not mean anything, there was no plot, no merit, no acting, anything. This is what I thought when I first saw it is 28, 2003 ** alert, this is a preview of the spoiler. it is also a lot of I complain about how the movie is bad: even though I knew the main character was new to this school, but it seems not. it also seemed to be living alone ... then that was the son of the boy ... then his mother was a strong drunk who lived with him yet. also all his friends did not have parents and lived on their own. We are now coming to the main stage of the plot, this insane guy has broken the false reserve and continues to spread. now our main character is considered by this person and consider 'carefully on the state of the movie. I think I must have lost a great feature here, there was no REASON for the main character to consider. even if that's why, without reason, why all his friends, who are concerned about 5 minutes before, follow him and do what he wants. <br /> <br /> So the film continues, and gets the same. they attack school, blah blah blah. but wait a minute ... suddenly everyone knows that the main character runs the 'show' here. the second wait, did not the thief tell the main character without doing so? was supposed to be bad. <br /> <br /> ah any other important thing has come down on ... a mad guy should not be mad ... everyone said he was not a victim. but as the story goes, he is quite clear from his secret. but I thought people of the news said it was not ... hm ... <br /> <br /> Now the movie is approaching. WHAT DOES I HAVE? WHAT HELL WAS? not only that the end does not answer any questions about the main character, did not answer any questions about the foolish guy. are these people in the same situation? if yes, then there are some basic core lines that are not available for this. if not then what is in saying "so are you in two weeks." The end of the thing ... * That is what I thought about that time. That's pretty much what I'm still thinking now. it's 6 months down the line, and if I can get it for free, I might offer other opportunities, but I'm sure. I'm very doubtful.
