Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the chief chef and owner of a popular restaurant in California. She has a beautiful wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), who is pregnant, and a five-year-old child. Sammy really loves his family, but like Dr.. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde, has two lives, having sex with many different women. Dr Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski) tries to help her. Okay, it's my fault: I read the comments of other IMDB user reviews, I saw the IMDB user rate, but I did not believe that Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could participate in such a bad film. I decided to investigate, and in fact some of the views are very sensitive. The storyline, screenplay and dialogs are so silly and laughable that even in X-rated movies we can get more intelligent stories. Photography is amateur and naive that in some parts it seems taken through a VHS camcorder. Michael Des Barres does not know what to be ignorant: being an old man, an old man, would be accepted in the broadcast of Viagra or grandfather's little boy. But if an interesting person who has a sexual relationship with any woman, it's terrible. In the comedy of Wood Allen, perhaps he got a chance, but in a great movie, it's funny. I am trying to find out why or how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski agreed to participate in films, amateur and garbage. Need money? Lack of space in the best movies from their age? Are they friends of the 'director' (sorry to use this word) and decided to help him and promote it? I do not know if Rosanna Arquette's intent was to show her perfect breast of silicone, but it is unacceptable that the beautiful actor accepts the script. The situation applies to Nastassja Kinki good. He presented the oil, without make-up, without any delight. Lack of respect for one of the best actors in the movie history. The fact is really amazing me: how does the reader, without personal interest, promote this trash, give a high-quality survey or write a good comment about this movie? Are they 'friends' friends (again, I use this word ...) or cast? It seems very strange to me that a typical IMDB reader might like this film. My vote is two. Head (Brazil): 'Viciado Em Sexo' (Addicted In Sex ')
