This B's film attempt tries to move as a sexual drug study, but it is actually an excuse for flicking sex. This story is about Sammy Horn (the name of the trick) played by Michael Des Barres. Sammy is the owner of a restaurant who is a good wife Grace (Rosanna Arquette) and a little child. He has sexual harassment and he must have unprotected sex every five minutes with any woman in his field of vision who will agree (and of course every woman on the planet finds she cannot fail despite the fact that she seems to be an adult to collect Social Security) this focuses on negotiations with his specialist (Nastassja Kinski) where he describes each of his use of sex through flashback. This is not just a simple step-by-step launch of sexual activity, which uses at least 75% of screen time. It is difficult to know where to start rejecting this bad movie. Production values ​​are bad. The movie is shot on video and watch somewhere between TV TV opera (at best) and amateur porn flick shot in someone's garage. Joseph Brutsman's direction is terrible and bad lighting, making uninspired and poor actor patterns. Script is an aggressive and meaningless and vulgar discussion. Women are usually shown as sexually active nymphomaniacs await addict like Sammy come along and hate them when they feed their undetectable food and fight. For example, Grace's sister told Sammy angrily that she knew she was lying around that she would tell her wife. His answer to it is to throw him on the wall and begin to deceive him. About three seconds in it she has epiphany and immediately turned to one of her sex students asking her to give her more. If they finish Grace goes into and sis says to him, "Oh, it's nice to see you, gotta run taking Timmy 'and mum is a word about not like Sammy. Honesty's relationship has been sealed with good pleasure. No spoiler here because it's common The clear nature of the film that anyone who has seen the first fifteen minutes could predict. <br /> <br /> Sex shows are lost more, mechanical, and thus less well done that they are more interesting than the competition. they are made by both participants are fully dressed.The act is inadequate. is the closest thing to the actor in this film, giving the performance of the bear and looking really realistic when he finally knows that her perfect husband is a burdened animal. Nastassja Kinski n i am very kind as a professional, but at least we have some work done here. Some of the cast are a double-body body that gives the stimulating lines of thought as 'beat me hard, is that the best you can do?' and 'Oh, God' YES '. This movie is among the worst I have ever seen, the amazing difference given by thousands of films I watched. I have put it a very shameful rating of the rating is 1/10. It is not seen within three hours of any food.
