You can not deny that we have a fast fellowship. That's why movies like Fast and Furious, Dhoom, Rempit made play for the satisfaction of the audience, especially local ones. We live on a small island, and I can't understand why, with the closeness of the public transport system, most of us want to get into debt by owning a set of wheels that comes with a 100% tax when they reach our coast, and thousands of taxes and bills pay when you do one. Not only, the last final cars were hit by a prominent politician to the north that they would not reach the fourth gear, they could not reach the sea. And these movies are easy to do. Hot wheels and hot chicks are well together in targeting the number of people needed. At the same time, these dive trunks reveal an unusual buxom and short skirts add up to two meters long, can not compete with the attention given to those beautiful stones in which the foreign cars are in such films. Certainly there are among us (ahem) those who go to women who have sex as sex objects only (otherwise explain why cars are coming with loads of models, and movies such as they can't do without a leggy image in shape), however , they do not accept the type of orgasmic discomfort at any time when four wheels come to the screen, even when they have nothing and have their gears on the Coast. The boy sitting next to me, I swear he pulls his trousers every time his dream car has been seen, and he climbs his pants even more when he hears these cooling engines. So we have that, fan boys who turned into groups just to watch which of the latest cool cars appear in the film. For a quick and angry franchise, Japanese models like Evos and Skyline take center station, such as GT. Here, Ford GT takes a very fine fine format, and even I'm attracted to, with recent models like Ferrari Enzos, GTs Carerra GTs, Koenigsegg CCXs, and every outdoor car that has wings for doors. But by weight, my heart comes from cars every time they are lost because of entertainment. I mean, this is very good, high performance models which are on the speed of cars, but still for any reason who sponsored the movie had millions of blows, they did it because they could, <br /> <br /> No The story in the ultimate scope, only the reasons for keeping the film full of beauty (cars that are) that can refuse down all sides to probably the best possible style, and usually the shots of pedals (always faster speed, enter you, crash The pedal is the same as insulting, and does not respect you), the steering wheels, the change of gear (always turns and not less), all this while the actors make pretending that they are the worst ass and the engine, attracting and giving each other looks dirty. It is not a very long actor's act, and that is why we find the worst performances ever, and the visible lines are written by primary school students. The heroine (yes, reported that the girls could drive) Natasha (very plasticky looking at Nadia Bjorlin) is one of the millions of dollars she finds - a model girl looks who does not know to fall under four and sink in oil , who has the inner racing into it, and makes the Bandari sing songs and words that are quite clear (every line involves cars, and when singing on love, just had those string such as turning on gear, oil and go to operation). Released against his wishes for illegal racing and gangsta named Infamous (Eddie Griffin), he gets drawn into the family squabbles involving Leo DiCaprio won Iraq's old warrior, and some sleazy lecherous boy looking rich. Everything else, as I said, serves as an excuse for a movie to run to the race. And it's almost always the same, for there is very little of what you can do to increase the tension between the race cars, especially when you know the contested race (for reasons of the story) and can see the results of running miles away from the finish line. In a hurry and anger they had scandalous actors, and I would put my head on the call to call Paul Walker, Sun Kang, and of course, the star made - Wine Vine, Redline did not have, just beautiful faces and many air for bad luck. It looks like a TV film in its treatment from going, and a very open sequence where it's one person, one car, and 105 minutes running against the time to reach Vegas. <br /> <br /> If it's not for cars, then this movie for weight is a piece of junk, and a bad acting, bad lines and bad moves. Especially for car fans, or those who love their movies and the beauty of bevy who beat their bodies without speaking lines.
