There is an area of ​​this film about 42 minutes which is one of the worst I have ever seen. As F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) are shouting on the beach, suddenly things are going on and Sheila begins to cry - when she tells her boyfriend about his past evil. This “incredible event” has been very damaged and my history was not able to help but to return to my wife and say how stupid it was ... as a wonderful music fell on television as both came into the conycony. No one gets time like this - no. Now it's a huge amount of film that is true, I can't say, but this time it was so bad and as fake as $ 8 Rolex - and it leads me to think that some of the other investigators were right - the film is bunk many. However, it is not an expert on the lives of these two people and the network did not seem to do this, either. Who only were F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheilah Graham and what was their relationship? What I know about Fitzgerald, however, looks different from what I saw in the film. What? Is he a suave and respectful person we saw in the film? In fact, thinking he had got married at the same time he was still Graham and drinking as a fish, I'd think he wasn't. Was he engaged in evil as we saw in the film? Maybe, but if it was bad and still Mrs Graham stayed with her, then this makes her a perfect dummy - and not someone you would like to see in the film. And, if it wasn't, then the film includes bad memories. In any way, it created an unpleasant and unpleasant experience. <br /> <br /> Total of this film appears to be a story of two people who are unloved or healthy. Through the dark and of salacious, others can find this all very entertaining, but many have certainly seen this as a collapse of trains and no surprise along the way! It is not fun but with good quality practices (especially music, interesting but above) you ask a question "why did they say even doing that first place?". The bottom line - is a very bad film round and maybe not recommended your time - even if, like me, you're a great fan of Gregory Peck.
