I HATE movies falling on the plane ... ALL of them! In fact, I hate them all with enthusiasm! First and foremost, it is looking cheap and have no skills! Second, they criticize the aircraft industry and tell the audience that all birds make it ... FIND IN SKY AND NO! <br /> <br /> Why am I wince in the film? This can happen to any of us and for the most devastating effects of what has happened to the characters in the film ... which is just a fascinating part of the fence of aircraft like this. I love this film because it is like 50,000,000 movie aircraft bombs before it! Burefall is like all others: no more than patience before the scenes clichéd big bullshit takes place. First, far we have thrown the same as this trap of death: The family of three supporters, the baastard of yuppie, and the bitch of a bird's staff full of red red hair from 1987 blowing anyone who is very little afraid! My second gripe is this should not be a full-time film, but a document describing everything on Air Canada's event "Gimbli Glider" aka "Freefall" under security precautions. My third and last gripe has all the films of this caliber (but without fear) Why does hell make the male administrator to order passengers to remove shoes there? (I was able to understand the heels and sharp objects, but it is a hwmon!) As' you will make them more secure than the king! If this aircraft (passengers) did not know much better: they knew they would go to ruin the country. Why can you impose 100 wounded people under the slide of the ball that can cause skin to stop over the effect just walking in their feet to the park on the dirt field! What? Does this make any sense to anyone? Do not be afraid of the lost ABC series "Lost" was more detailed and the origin of the air disaster than "the destruction of the plane-skeptic-supervisors have land plane without wheels in the field - people are walking without shoes and lids, etc. The old cord from the 1975 airport! Freefall was the most common movie air accident that I almost expect to see Charlton Heston or Peter Graves burst into a cabin passenger damn at any time. we can see at least how these non-destructive characters are going to return to the people rather than the people who are happy when the emerging tragedy is approaching them? movie life of a cheap and private life! <br /> <br /> Director of "Freefall" he has to join cheap films for middle-aged women and newborns who are drug addicts and marital problems. ache for professionals ... you hack! Why the audience should stay more than an hour and a half of the th is a new wannabe airport. I hope God does not have the falling movies like this again. If this was like the ABC series "Lost" then it would be something to watch. But this is a perfect trick and then some. Stop turning every movie of the plane into the "1975 airport"! This is not a "airport" this is a small waste of my time. I will not recommend this movie or any movie of the air disaster planned for anyone even my worst enemies.
