This is the largest film planned than usual for the Honda executive of the type (for more advanced sets)? although special effects still have the same difference to them (see the big bats and mouse to show). He also uses the amazing number of American actors: Joseph Cotten a visionary scientist seems to be tough and weak (but then his character should be 204 years old!), Richard Jaeckel is a hero of photographers when, as the great villains , we find Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina (both basically campy). As I have said many times, I grew up looking at Italian-language movies? But hearing the actors of Hollywood in Japanese is quite another thing! ZERO feels like a young version of the usual adventure of Jules Verne, and it is the right entertainment for that level; in fact, it is advisable to lower the face of the Honda face on the formula of the monsters-on-rampage because of the natural set-up charm in this case. Does the program involve the kidnapping of a famous scientist and Romero? he was interested in independence in the underwater city, high-planned technology and cotten (which the world's ideas are employed). We are being dealt with many of the frauds among the opponent's partner, but the most exciting events are the fact of the invasion of the Romero cave? In fact, cotten to make somersaults and fending off men in the ball suit (through fire and laser derived from his glove!) Should certainly count as a nadir of his work career; Another old man in cast, Romero, is more in his feature? after all, he was the Joker in the BATMAN TV series and the movie of the 1960s! Cotten has a very good doctor who was beaten on his team, and is assisted by hulking Asia; Romero, on the other hand, faces the fatale of Eastern women? who, however, ends up getting a contract for his efforts (the girl's brain is finally planted in a mix of lion and condor? which is one of the most dirty creatures you ever seen!). It seems, a 2-dis set of this from Media Blasters on this day very much!
