The 7EVENTY 5IVE program involves college students who are playing an aggressive mobile phone that they do not expect (for them, if not for fear fans) give them over their heads. SEE 7EVENTY 5IVE, on the other hand, is a horrible film with very little promise, sadly hit by a very bad writing. <br /> <br /> What can be fun, if it's somewhat silly, the old story of the slasher is destroyed early and his belief of the bad filmmakers that viewers enjoy watching a large group, whiny rich children bitching to each other for most of the time of the film. Except for police investigations by Rutger Hauer, (a small role that has been specially designed to increase the power of just a film of the film) every character on the screen is a different breed of A young hole. Male and female, black and white, similar to gay, the whole collection of poor and attractive college children carries a lot of film notes. Worse, since the story involved with the PARTY game has already occurred, often events are not completely filled with these small b ***** ds. Because of this, there are a few breaks for the viewer, who must have the influence of the most popular characters. Although at least some of these people are thought to be friends, all the partners always interact in a very hostile way, long before any real crisis has occurred. This leads to the worst results in the slasher film: Listeners, who want to take care of the inspiration, instead of just accepting about an unknown killer, but wants to be here to begin to remove the broken brats earlier. <Br /> <br /> The real shame of this bad habit is that otherwise 7EVENTY 5IVE really had some potential. Visual is good. The first time directors Brian Hooks and Deon Taylor know how to create a festive mood. They can also provide some time with potential, whether short, 80 years of old style. Surprisingly, production production also has enough capacity. It is not that characters cannot express the true human feelings; it's just that the screenplay (written by the author of Vashon Nutt and Director Hooks, who succeeded more back to camera than with the keyboard) is short for such a moment. 5AVENTY 5IVE is unlikely to be recommended, as its common premise and a few exhibitions cannot overcome the remaining bad taste and the story run by unhappy characters. In this mysterious host, the true secret is why anyone should care about a group of young people who can't even manage to love each other.
