This film, though it is comedy, is very bad. His lesson is the Universe (with the capital I): how Britain, folly, in shame, tries to assure himself that it is still a great force after World War II. In the home, the Empire is driven by the best securities, the best Tories that are closed that they cannot distinguish close relatives; Government offices include long-lost documents (digging in Orwellian? Paranoia), which are occupied by improper mice, and ante rooms where the amusement disrupts drawing, reading popular stories. Outwardly, the UK connects to ancient antiquity; but the pump out of the context appears to be visible and unpleasant, especially when you have the pieces of shaking. Carlton-Browne is an insufficient picture of the decline, and there is no degradation that has undermined the Jewel's fight against the Kingdom in the Crown. The film is also about the Cold War, boldly admitting that it is a dangerous horse, whose participants deserve to be hated and despised, not afraid and respected. It is about how colonialism, known to be more tolerant than injustice, destroys colonies that destroy, rob them of services, power, and more importantly, self-esteem, and stop the risk of the cowboys dangerous. It is weight, of course, it kills. That's not to say that pain lessons cannot be cured in comedy - Miracle of Creek Morgan, Dr. Strangelove and Life Of Brian have shown it all. Indeed, one can suggest that the key theme should be treated only with comedy - allows more open comments. The problem with Carlton-Browne is that every situation must have more meaning than comic, so it is experiencing unfunny. In the three films mentioned above, a lot of comedy occurs due to the reaction of the character to the worst situation, not the worst situation itself. Here, the script is very poor to maintain a good reputation of comic, and some great talent of comedy ever gathered - Peter Sellers, Terry-Thomas, Raymond Huntley and John and Mesurier - lost mistakes. Terry -Thomas, humility often, shows that he could not handle the leading areas, and that he needed to play surprises, pride limits, not to the brain. Music is carried out to implement a lot of comedy, but its heavy irony only attracts the attention of the hilarity on the screen. (Being the same, unlike most of the British comics of that period, which was exorbitant and inconvenient, Boultings often try to make their points through the film itself, for the montage and structure. A character that he could sleep in his sleep. No part of Boultings that has said well - didn't think enough. Although Carlton-Browne emerges in the decline of the Empire, it also seems to be anti-democratic and regulatory. I am sure this is not intended, but these do not explain what should happen if you allow good intentions to take over the comic mind and film form.
