You can know before that I am not a Mormon, unlike the good number of those who have already gone through this film. I say this so that you can understand that the way I look at the film may be very different from those in faith. For others, considering this film may appear to be important to faith - and not my intention. Therefore, my opinion is the visitor who tries to look in and learn more about who this person and his people are. Well, after watching the film, I doubt if I have learned a lot. Since I have been a teacher of history, I have a basic understanding of Young as Joseph Smith with church teaching. But anyone who wants to see this film will learn anything will be disappointed because the film seems to be good-darn good - very beautiful and untrue in its show. Further, they learn anything about the church's beliefs unless they are good people, they work hard and others have many wives (and this last part is not only suitable for films). Instead, people are close to the cartoon-like in their simple pictures. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their supporters are angels, non-Mormons were all demons and Brian Donlevy (playing for the decision of the kind of role Edward G. Robinson later played in DEVELOPMENT) is a trouble maker who claims to be Mormon but comes only so the film may have a bad person. It's very simple .... very simple. Welcome as a teaching film or infomercial. Brigham Young especially was a tough man - with many good points (better organizer and vision) and bad (nor even get me started on his opinion about whites in church or married). Show him in such words is very clear. It is also as much as Gandhi was shown in the film by Ben Kingsley - just the fact that led to that almost super-human were stressed. Heck, now that I think about it, this is a problem with many religious films - often comes as one-dimensional, trite and bland. Let's have a full and complete film of these men - one that will cling to the truth and not an emotional appeal. Now if you ignore the fact that you cannot learn a lot about faith or its second leader, the film enjoys enough. It is obvious that the 20-year-old man of the Fox was very concerned about the film, since they had a wonderful surprise for all the first actors (Tyrone Power), top and future characters (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and actors. good character (Dean Jagger, John Carradine and Brian Donlevy). The film also had a good chance to shoot with lots of gloss. It had not much to tell us than all others were "swelling". Further, there were many real errors and only a few dumb events. Few errors include Young take over helm immediately after the death of Joseph Smith (it was three years later), no mention of various Mormon denominations and fewer groups, talk of "gold in California" - though it was 1847 and gold is not available until 1948, with special mention to the local or many Smith women. Just dumb events include Carradine picking up a gun and taking it into the center of the country - and no one seems to care - even though they were very attentive! What? Do you think the judge will tell him to wipe and stop threatening people with it? <br /> <br /> One final comment. Do not repeat, do not see this film when it is shown on the American Movie Classics (one of the major stages that have dropped significantly in recent years). When I photographed the film because of its simple message, I was very scared and very reluctant to have a church with its tradition. What this means. The film was organized by advertisements for penis improvement forms and tons of pop-ups (some display ads that show "sexiest cast"). Talking about disrespect and general and I would like to be as angry if they did so with any religious film. By doing so, not only do they despise faith but reduce their market - after all, who is in the news about these things and the life of Brigham Young? Is this a movie, for this form, which you can show your children or recommend to others?
