Nah! Leila (Grace Mills) is a young man who turned out to Satan (and LSD) with his girlfriend of the archaeologist Richard. There is a hippie cult of religious neighborhood on the ancient fortress, where Leila and Richard drink blood, stop drugs, join sexual intercourse, drums for psychedelic rock and engage in black circles where boys wear pants, masks and capes and women do not wear anything. Unfortunately, these types of additional activities have left Leila open and secured from the "evil spirit". Leila also comes from a dead family, which does not help either. His great brother John is a traveler who seems to love him. Patricia's mother (Maria Perschy) is broken because she thinks she was responsible for the death of the father. At the top, her sister (Maria Kosti) is a slutty half pro progolfer called (gasp!) Debbie Gibson. There is a lot of help to get closer and also waste more time. Two women (a young man who takes his clothes away from an old man who are spies for everyone), along with Udo (Luis Induni), a bald voyeuristic actor who spies on Leila to change clothes, takes pictures and goes into the house of dig to wipe it with his bathing suit. Oo and Borg, the German Shepherd of Pet. Paul Naschy is Father Adrian Dunning, a doubtful priest (zzzzz) who starts around John and Richard all with their heads around the back. Leila tells him "They say I am opposed to going to prove it is true!" During his birthday, he tells his guests "You make me know! I hate you all!" and when the mother suggests to have a doctor come up she she screeches "I don't want to see that ass fat!" Debbie says they are doing Leila for "sanitory," but Leila runs and joins worship again. He is saved (again) and returned home (for the third time). <br /> <br /> To this point in the film, there are only ten minutes left to go with all that we have seen is some very boring scenes of characters talking and stretching on how awesome and f-ed up their lives are how Leila is make weird. It's very difficult to stay through the movie Andy Milligan, stop cutting and laughing. But finally in the last few minutes we get a film header - a flick like FORMIST like. Unfortunately, the best parts are contact lenses that Leila wear to wear. Some of the cheapest currencies are seen on the hands, feet and face, she finds the lips of the eyes and her eyes take blue and white shapes. He begins to restore the decomposed body, blows the gunk open, begins to speak in the voice of his dead father, into his mother's bedroom, pushing him aside and calling him "the abomination of adultery". The father comes to Adrian, who believes he is sure, tries his attempts to cheat, reduces frogs and fibers in the kitchen and reflects Leila with holy water. The doors to open and close, breaking the glass, there is suddenly a thunderstorm and its bed comes from the floor. After the Dunning and the two climb the stairs, the spirit comes out of it and does not know who? Why, Borg family pooch! The demon dog then returns to Adrian and triggers a little bit before getting it into the poker fire. Then we get one of the last interesting shots used for the film. It is Leila on the floor to go from its hideous appearance to her normal sexy herself. But then there is another effect of time-occurring which seems to indicate that the demon has the possibility to enter its body. It has been done very badly, you can't have a clue to do so, which is the last slap in the face and anyone who has found that they have lost an hour and a half on this useless POS. <br /> <br /> Delete address, 1 out of 10 is.
