I feel like a professional; I feel like myself alone to see this fake film. I looked at it three times, immediately and definitely, and I found myself irritated all the time around, when all the screen is black out, and quite bad, I feel the film is not quite good. Yes, the priest dies, but is not found in peace with the city that has given him much sorrow, or by himself. That and was a idiot. If it is not by Peter Cowie's definition that does not only describe a movie but a book that comes out, I can't have a very abdomen. I enjoy French movies, but this is one that was not very strange. The Diary of the Country of the Earth is done by photographing beautiful black and white but, alone it cannot save this very ugly journey. The series after the closest event that the characters are not told anything until the camera is reduced and goes black does not make an interesting or appropriate story. How this film has been common is a sense of trembling: it reminds me of the new Emperor Clothing. <br /> <br /> Yes, the performance of Claude Laydu is to stimulate the heart and mind, if it is a sadist, but this film has depicted me feeling empty because it is generally a weak feeling of the Catholic priesthood, which is an innocent institution non-destructive corruption. The victory of the young priest on the artificial pride is the weakest place but the 90% film will find you down with his idea of ​​identifying the window in the thought of hating the priest's youth. This priest did not think much as being humble as he feels very much. Since I am not talking or understanding French I would be glad to do something English to SUBTITLE to help understand the film. In fact, the SUBTITLE of English is often impossible to see / read with quick text that there is so much that I could not read (and not a very small reader - I have completed Dostoyevsky in 3 days). I wanted to love this film. I'm trying everything "selected" by Criterion Collection, but still can't see why this method suits some kind of critical difficulty. However, I have been sitting for this two-hour film of intent to feel some kind of sympathy for the main character, and has never been made. He seemed only as a victim rather than a fighter. And so, I say it's decreasing.
