"The City called Hell" (aka "Bastard City"), the UK / Spanish cooperation, was held by the successes of Clint Eastwood in Italy that made "trilogy Man". The template used in many of these films was recruited American actors, whose work had declined and sounded their voices. This film is not unique except for the fact that they used other British actors too. It is difficult to summarize the plot, but here it goes. The story is opened by rebels or anything, led by Robert Shaw and Marin Landau blowing the church and killing everyone inside, including the priest. Make rapidly to the capital a few years later when Shaw's character builds as a priest. The mayor of the city (Telly Savalas) is a brutal leader who thinks nothing to do with his gun. Fight the mixture of the widow who was sad Alvira (Stella Stevens) who is looking for her husband's killer. Add to this the fact that he climbs in the hearse lying dead as in the coffin to God knows why. After the mayor was killed by his wife La Bomba (Al Lettieri) the city is facing Colonel federale (Landau) looking for a rebel leader (I'm sorry but the name leaves me). Colonel takes over the city and begins to implement large-scale urbanization to force them to identify the identity of the leader. Though they opened the side of the film on the side, it's hard to tell them from the conversation that the Landau characters and Shaw know. The blind man (Fernando Rey) says he can recognize the rebel leader by touching his face. He does this with .................................................. < br /> <br /> I am sure the principals have responded to this film. It is very clear and very suitable for my "1" dreadful level. Shaw uses a lot of films that mark its watch for anyone using it. Even Landau can't salvage this film. Good Mrs. Stevens is destroyed here too. After just making Peckinpah's "Ballad of Cable Hogue" last year, I saw it odd that would appear in this mess of the movie. Savalas made several pictures, ("Pancho Villa" and "Horror Express" comes to mind) during pre-Kojak.Michael Craig is also somewhere like a character called "Paco". Fernando Rey appeared in this "western" though he would be playing with the villain in two films of the "French Relationship". Al Lettieri would also appear with the role of "Godfather" (1972) and continue with other memorable responsibilities before his sudden death in 1975. For all rights, the version I saw ran only 88 minutes instead of longer than 95 minutes or 97 on IMD, however I can't see the 7 or 8 minutes more will make a big difference. Avoid this.
