I am amazed at the amount of features that are being played on this film and other profiles. For me it was a passion, especially a mix of historical facts, fantasy and the inner problem of the character of a man who does not work at all (in the Vonnegut death book of Fifth and even in George Roy Hill's change for the same screen). Honesty is often beaten. Many questions are left open. What? Have I lost the main points? Or have I not seen the lines that think to connect the dots? A boy named Campbell, Jr., grows up in northern New York. Home his father has a lot of business business and one book. It has a corpse of the corpse in it. The boy's leaf through the book, his father does not like to do that. What should this tell me? The family goes away from New York to Berlin. BANG. In 1938, a boy is a married man in Berlin and a sports player. What does he write? What language? What? Has succeeded? His wife is an actor and he looks good. Parents return to the United States and welcome their son to do so. He doesn't. Why? As he grew up in Germany he feels more German than America? Because he succeeds? Because his wife is? Because he loves his life there? Because he loves Muslims? Because he is just lazy and does not like to change? Ask it. It is possible, one does not care, is not interested in politics, is a form of existence. He says he has a great love with his wife. He speaks of his Second Republic (meaning his wife). There is little evidence to prove his love for his wife in the movie, it seems to be more than one Republic. At the request of the US agency Campbell, Jr., he agrees to announce the anti-Nazi Semitics hate propaganda for the US listeners as a device to send encrypted messages to US authorities who read between the lines. The key meeting with the agent on the Berlin bench park is short, non-combustible and climactic, the decision to play together comes easily without clarity, growing up to the supplier seems to be unknown and seems quick. Now we have Campbell, Jr., emerging on the air as the Last End of the United States. The program of sending a secret message is realistic and exciting - although someone is wondering what happened when Campbell, Jr., in fact and honestly had to cough, hiccup so (he must hit the message very strongly). However, the Nazis are losing, the wife dies (walking in the Crimea for German soldiers - I have never heard of such a visit to the German lines in front of WW II), Campbell, Jr., says he is going to the Russian but he is not going, is captured by A US soldier who realizes his mug (how did he come?), is dragged to see-seeing visits at Auschwitz, then released and reviewed with the help of an important Agent somewhere in New York City. THE WAY OF THE WAY TO LOOK IN THE WORLD / TOGETHER / BANG. From now on it is a short story with Paul Auster. It was in 1961, Campbell, Jr., lived in New York's meeting as it was to mourn the loss of his wife. No one cares - or does it? Yes, somehow they do, and its neighbors offer some kind of distortion. Auschwitz victims. Painter. Other US militants discover "he and they want to be their example." Do they even find his dead wife for him, or is he his wife? However, at the end of Campbell, Jr., calls on the embassy of Israel, and should give him a great Criminal War, placing him in the cell near Adolf Eichmann. He writes his life story and, after the work has ended, puts himself in the machine. typography without getting a little. <br /> <When I could see that there must be a matter of guilt and loss, I had the impression that the main character is someone who is always pretty different from everything and hardly able to love for anyone. he found it hard to beg for this lost person. For some reason, many retirees consider his status as a war hero, having put his reputation for playing the last US game. I think according to this this took a lot of courage. In fact, however, th e movie shows that by accepting such work Campbell built himself a win-win situation, if he would be politically secure side no matter who won the war. The danger of being clear has never come at the time of the first part of the story. One can say, that the whole story is fantasy as a dream and that no one should bother with historical accuracy or logical development of the story that describes everything. But however it fails to make sure, basically, I condemn, because the love thing in the Two Republic falls completely flat. This is sympathetic, especially if you think that the wife was married to Sheryl Lee, a skilled, intelligent and intelligent actress. He has a very short time screens and he is forced to use the unstable German impulse. In some ways, the way of ignoring is the different scriptures (confession, announcement and secret message), but I think this is largely not closed. Maybe I must give this book a chance.
