Things about the National Nation go to Film, k.a. Movie Modern Movie: <br /> <br /> 1. Movie is bad, even with the usual Lampoon levels. 2. It's not funny. 3. No one is going to see the film. So, after I finished watching, I began to wonder why the world is called 'National Lampoon goes to the cinema,' and why it was pregnant, much less done. It would be called the Austin's A Guy Goes Movies. 'How lame. He is not American, and does not go to the movies. No characters in the so-called 'satire' of Lampoon are amazing, and no going to see movies, which causes a little problem. I was hoping that it would be something in the Mystery of the Mystery of Science 3000, but it wasn't. It was the first National Lampoon film after the House of Animals, although you can't tell it from the quality of the film. Are you progressively gentle, bright and with no standard, making headaches? not a good sign for a movie of 89 minutes which seems to double the height. <br /> <br /> I found the format. What? Bad movies are usually the name? and this little disaster falls under that society. It has two different titles - probably help try and reinforce people too ignorant to remember how bad tragedies are received from home video critics in 1982/83. 'Hmm, mad film? I have never heard of this film before! Let's get a rental! 'And then, realize:' Hey, wait a minute, this is just the National Lampoon to go to Movies! ' <br /> <br /> It was shelved by MGM / UA, never released in movies or DVD; it often climbs on television a few times for a decade, which is close to the only place you can find. It is divided into three stories? a video of the self-created video, the smell of butter and the company's bravery, and the violence / police films (I think). The first part of the star Peter Riegert (the House of Animals) as a troubled boy who rejects his wife and does other things. I don't know why it was so boring my mind began to move around. Until the sex scene has increased. Part II is about a foreign player who has been stuck with a butter stick (do not ask) who decides to be the Queen of Margarine so she can cut the milk supply. Ouch! This has a unique line in the film: 'I can just do love with my son!' If you think that is not very sensitive, is it true? not. And just think? it's this film! III /> <br /> Part III is about a soldier who kills a killer (Christopher Lloyd) just to lose his courage and beat the man. It has a single area of ​​funny but it's more than-acted? Lloyd alone shows any humor, playing his dry and tender character, but very strange surreal. The place where he incites his victim and the gentle girl stands to look at all that is revealed, at least, has broken the hatred or two. It is embarrassing to look at the names like these very popular levels. The authors of each section believe clearly that they are very worried and clever and so-called spoofing? The mistake being that the movie becomes the opposite of the big one, and accepting the T&A of a rather rather conspiracy; Improper humor instead of magic talks; The faint performances instead of those leading. It is easy to see that no characters are proposed by the material, and combine their lines, often with shame they can constantly make contact with the eyes. before. I laughed once, just for one line, and yet it was half one. Two bottles, smile, and very weak laughter. Compared to the modern Madness, some good comedies look like regular laughing songs. I love a series of National Lampoon holidays (or at least three-fourths), and their home of common animals, but the recent killings of automatic bombs to videos such as Golf Punks ( together with comic specialist Tom Arnold) provides a good example of why their newspaper had been reduced over the past decade. It gets real, very fast. Sorry to see a new film, called Gold Diggers, is given by their 'stamp' approval. It's like judging the film before even hits the cinema? maybe they should start publishing their name anywhere? <br /> <br /> Distributors: 'This movie is bad. It gets the National Lampoon team of approval. That will teach you not to do something wrong in the future. '<br /> <br /> Forget the death penalty. Just hold a group of criminals in the room and enable them to watch regularly every day of the month. It is so bad that I can't even begin to describe its evil putrid. I offer.
