EVERYTHING FOR ALL GRANTS: Long time is not good. This movie is very long. However it is not good. Exhibitions were provided a way, a way, a way, a way, very long. Sexual incidents are not needed, and very often. The movie has been up to 2 hours and 10 minutes or so it would be unique, but the trouble became so very interesting that I could only give 2 of 10. It's less than the average. Some other problems are also in this marathon. <br /> <br /> 1) Ralph Fiennes has a whole family tree. The boy who played Grand-grandfather had nothing like him, but the Father, Father and son (who gives us a loud voice) all are Ralph Fiennes with different face-shaped face and head of the head. No one seems to be one of these children seem to be the last link, although his pictures are being beaten every time. This is small, but if the film was not 3 weeks it will not be very angry. 2) The fact that there is no news from Germany even whispered for a long time about the Jews around and sent out is ignorance. Another word could reach them and the idea of ​​trying to run would probably be discussed. In France they undoubtedly sent a warning to try and remove them. <br /> <br /> 3) The story of love in this movie is not offensive. You are ever using us to tell us this and the development of the relationship between the main characters is very short. Suddenly ... people love and almost immediately ... they are married. Then have children. Then we give things for 6 years and forget about developing relationships. This again would have been very standing in the 2-hour movie, but for a while we did not use anything given. The end was very bad. I don't want to destroy it for anyone, but you don't want to love it… unless you are thankful. The director / author should be tortured and have to check the trash that is blocked every week, meaning a permanent loop, oops is the same thing. I wonder if Robert Redford did nothing for this film, I mean Istvan Szabo must be an example of his leading career after him. Long-term film released that completely destroys any substance on the film. A brief description of 'Horse Whisperer', and Sunshine. <br /> <br /> Sunshine, full title. If you start watching when the sun shines, it will be good after dark when you leave.
