Aaron Spelling produced this done on the west of the TV which gets a terrible deal for the thirty-three-minute film. It seems like a series of attempts that can fail. <br /> <br /> The Clint Walker Specialist is US Marshal Dave Harmon, who walks Yuma, Arizona Territory for the time of killing one of the village's pastor's outdoor car. <br /> <br /> Walker takes another brother to prison. Walker also meets the "good" baby of the Mexican settlement who lives in prison. One night, Andres is playing when a man and another man is wearing a blue Army to take the remaining brother on the road and kill him, striking on a walker. It's not good for your first twenty-four hours at work. Walker visits the castle of the local Army, and the rank of the commander of the commander. Bigwig hears of the death of his brothers, and climbs the city until he finds his chains too. The number of local people, who are shortened by the Army in their meat meat, also gets a chance in the area of ​​chains. With all these chains in place, Walker still has time to give the owner of the local hotel. The Armed Forces Army is committing death, the buyer of domestic animals is involved, the Indians make a lot of refusal, and the peak brings on the possibility of walking as a walker must confirm the city that the buyer of a master had a boss The person we have accused of also helps around. It is a small half involving the death of a Walker family with the hands of the Army attackers, and I think this would have been a powerful series, if it had taken. Instead, the film ends up suddenly, and I wait for events from the exciting weekend. Because of the extinction of an absent business break, all input is away from this and jumping his story fit. The walker is good, colorful, and has more voice than a well. Some of the cast are full of television actors who have probably seen in other television movies. Many jobs are very good, and violence is good. The first brother was murdered with a shot and then fell without consideration. I could not expect "Fruit Dogs," but this is an inappropriate film to use to teach children about guns! Commenting on children, the Mexican child here comes from "cute" up to "inducing annorance" aneurysm very quickly. If you like west, then you won't like "Yuma." If you like west, then you will not love "Yuma." I can't recommend you. This is not stopped, but it has physical and violent violence. <br /> <br />
