If the word itself was not geographically and logically, one can refer to "Ned Kelly" as "Western Australia." For people down below, Ned Kelly was, apparently, a squad of a young boy like Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde, and Butch Cassidy and Little Sundance. Irish immigrants, Kelly became a refugee and offender after being accused of an Australian lawyer, a crime that his innocent mother was imprisoned. In order to return to the government for this abuse, Kelly, his brother Dan, and two other partners, came to the bank robbers, have won the hearts of many people in the countryside as they were right in a country where Irish refugees were often treated with disrespect and depression. who fled the country. Maybe because we have encountered this "pocket gun" many times in the past, "Ned Kelly" feels that it has a unique and unusual experience as it gives them any respect for any type of type art and clichés on its way to seem inevitable. Ned is the law of the heart of gold that only kills when forced and, however, only with deep deep regret. He also has a common blow of people, like when, in the middle of the bank robbery, returns to look for value to one of the customers, after one of his group is very bitter. What's the film on this subject has not shown such a place? It is acts of generosity to choose like this, of course, find him with the love and respect of all the young people who come secretly begging anyone who can stop and strengthen the power-state. Geoffrey rush has a typical custom-consuming style that feels a personal commitment to bringing this problem of high trouble that continues to leave and establish establishments. There is even an inevitable period in which one of the women in the upper room goes to another room and is having sex with one of the thieves, so he turned to her in a romantic romantic life. And the film is full of one hackneyed area like this after another. Heath Ledger can not identify himself in the title position, giving a little in the way of substances to make his behavior attractive or involved. It does not help to be denied to give a voice on the droning sound which emphasizes the purity and cleverness of character and film. "Ned Kelly" can be used to work as a subject in Australian history, but as entertainment, it is just a story told by a different accents.
