I had heard bad things about the Cabin Fans close to where I heard religious worship. As it turns, the first film from the new Eli Roth, is just the effort and IQ efforts will fall as the film goes on. There are the worst movies there, and it certainly becomes more (when I don't know how high blood tests are for the hostel, there is a good amount for fans of the type here). The cluster is not bad either though: children go to the cabin for a week of sharing, just to get a very sick person, covered with blood, who are afraid of fire. He sends the dead to the water that gives them a reserve, and soon all the characters are failing to eat the meat-eating virus one way or another. Characters, either the leading college students (including Strong Rider as a hero and James DiBello as a goofy-bar side) or the 'village' supporters are the archetypal to the inertia stage, if not pain. When they meet with their documents, the people of the city get very good, and it seems to be uncomfortable being thrown together without laughing; 'Pancakes baby' comes from anywhere, and maybe it can be funnier on another movie or itself, but in the context of all the film, it doesn't work. There is also a tendency to a young police who is even dumber and is less likely than others. And the next family DiBello following has some unlikely possibilities. But all the time, Roth goes out of his script with an outward mental out of the window and a sudden frightening panic and people who bleed to someone else with dog killers striking aside. Not all is not. Now, unlike the small films of Troma of fear or even smaller than 70 or 80 years of which I am sure Roth is a fan of trouble-made it is not known. It is also smart that they have no details of where the virus comes from. But unlike those films too, he also has no good idea of ​​what it does for the most terrible times. His film tries that, of course, and once or twice he makes it time to lose, during the blood (I did as a Strong Bunny usually sees at the time of gurney). It is not even too much shot for a while (with its choice of style of a red outlet on the lens or story with a bowling-alley worker). It only has many spiritual events and choices made (shaving your feet with deadly virus, uh-huh), and focuses on common ground. If that is your cup of tea, the most powerful of you. But I have finally found that it is an unusual area of ​​Ghana that does not fit the view of the viewers. Roth also has the courage to finish the movie on the true 'what-hell' story as the Santa Claus shop clerk from early in the film serves a group of black people. It can work if he has followed it with something better, or if he has left it completely. Same can be said for many films. C-
