The Cabin Fever starts as it may have something to offer. A group of college students after the end (in the fall?) It goes to the cabin resort in the forest where it is directly caused by the body's body that does not appear. Unfortunately, the first paragraph is where any remote elements of the quality of the film. The fear of Cabin is a little more than college students wanting to have sex, sucking, talking without stopping on anything, and seeing how many F bombs can get 1:40 minutes or even so long this mess is. Children make and touch everything around them. One of them, for example, realizes that the skin of the skin has infected his feet, so what does he do? She continues to shave her feet to fail to take care of her injuries. The area is a little more than outside. In another area, the Strong Rider from the "Boy Comes the World" gets bitten by a child who says only "Pancakes" and likes to make karate beat those who live around him. If you know why the baby's "Pancakes" was included, I would like to know. However, the Rider climbs the wolf and goes to wash his hand sent to the most affected ferry. Another child likes to drop F's bombs by responding to everything around it and hitting the wheels. Why? I think your is as good as mine! <br /> <br /> The Strong Rider is the only child with any recognition in this film. He tries to keep people in-between shouting and screaming with F *** Y **! bombs that people give us around. When children are not calling, they say or talk about sex or talk to other adult partners who are more than (if possible) idiotic than children! The Idiot Commander and IQ's 60 best can be one of the WORST WORK WORKS I have ever seen in the movie. You are talking about people who haven't played with the perfect deck, this dork doesn't even know how to get a card! LOL! I was like, "Would you like to install already?" He makes kids actors look like an elite! The only part I liked was the story of the terrible trainer (though it is high) about the town's bowling town. In an interview, Rider said he had great respect for the director Eli Roth. But the problem is that Mr. Roth seems to be going beyond the shock and gore. There are so many bad things about this movie for Mr. Roth to get any credit. I would like to agree with the rider and get something right on this film. Maybe the fall of the first situation? In fact, the Strong Rider JUST saves this film from being 1! Hope, he was paid for this junk!
