I have rented and watched this film for the first time on DVD without reading any comments about it. So, after watching 15 minutes I found that there was something wrong with this film; it's TERIBLE! I mean, in trailers seems to be terrible and bad! <br /> <br /> I think Eli Roth (Director Director) thought that if all the characters in this film were stupid, the movie would be funny ... (So it's stupid, it's funny ...? WRONG!) He should watch with learn from the best-comedies as: "The Day of Fear", "Lost Children" and "Return Dead Dead"! That's wonderful! It is a reason why I have registered on www.IMDb.com so that I can express my thoughts about it. <br /> <br /> I've decided to watch the second video> AAARGH! <and put an explanation for my "views" discrimination to show how the stupid film is. "Resident Evil" (fear) or "Dude, where is my car?" (comedy) I can watch constantly and still enjoy it! But this ...! <br /> <br /> Can the script and director be bad? This is bad. Here are some of the worst events in historical history: We are seeing Henry, who did not recognize his dog lying down and his tongue has gone out of his mouth and watched him dead-glazed is dead! <br /> <br /> The movie does not describe anything about a long-blonde child who likes to bite people. And my answer to the question of Marcy's answer ("What is wrong with Woods?") Is "nothing". The script has a beard who warns them of trees with "suspicion". Then the "smartest" of 5 packs, Bert, almost gives us an example of how to start a forest fire. He meets Henry who is currently infected with help and from here on the movie he wants to break the record by using "F-word". Bert starts around because Henry looks very sick. Bert: "Don't shoot it!" (admits to add: "... with my BB!") Bert turns on the cabin but how about it? He meets Marcy and Jeff who had sex, but now suddenly decided to go out for a walk! Marcy wisely takes Bert's fires to start early (Transparent change?) Bert didn't mention a word about Henry because the fool thinks he killed him with his gun. Later, as Estupidos Five sat next to their fire, another weirdo shows with his dog. (Maybe what is the warning about the trees is about? It's filled with weirdos ... and their dogs?) They let him stay with them just because he has a big bag filled with cannabis. (Their brain is quite drink! It is no wonder why it's all DUMB!) This is the last time we will see this habit of forgetting ... alive! <br /> <br /> Henry shows on their cabin, (NOTE: He was asleep when all a few wards from their cabin !!!) look worse, almost like a zombie, covered in goo! He says he needs a doctor. But Einsteins Young refuses to help the poor shepherd. He enters their unlocked truck which also has its key in the fire. Henry almost seems to be able to run Hell away from there but instead begins the blood of puking on dashboard, chairs and windows. We have a good idea, but we have a good idea to try to get to the top of the game. ”- Gun Gun, knife, baseball bat (* huh? Ever try trying to play baseball in the middle of the wood ??), poker, and (insects?) Spray- can, ready to fight with one person, unarmed and very sick. (Sneaky script!) Bert can kill a car with one shot of his gun, which is possible only in the mind of Eli Roth's director. "What else do I need to do?" Bert explains in his defense. Jeff and Paul are trying to knock Henry down with bat and their poker but they lose and beat the windows of the truck instead. Henry walks to the dumb girls who say: "He comes to us!" (Thanks for notes, dumb broads, I can see it! But I don't think she wants to make you do any harm!) Marcy claps her eyes, making Henry yelp! And our "hero" Paul touches the hand of Henry and the log that blows from the fire of fire, which they undoubtedly stopped burning when they were INSIDE cabin! (Where did that wisdom come from? I think the smell had begun to take his money :-) Henry turns into the Torch of Humanity and runs away, screaming. <br /> <br /> The next day, Bert and Jeff head out to the machine. And Marcy decides to "go for help" all by herself, in the forest, as Paul sits back with Karen ... Do you? That doesn't sound idiotic? Marcy could stay with Karen and Paul because Jeff and Bert were already "going to help"! I hate my opinion now for how we see Marcy in CANOE running on a huge river with a wind! How did he get the ship? Does he even know where he is going? However, he goes to the river of water and finds a large and visible cabin left and, as in many awesome movies, walks into the cabin saying: "Hello, is there anyone there?" Bert suddenly comes from behind the furniture and tells him (and I was first). And with Jeff, too. How did they get here? Did you swim river pillow? Do you see how the script is so! Winston's deputy meets Paul in the cabin. Somehow he does not know the blood on their truck. ! ... Now, that's wonderful!)! /> <br /> If you liked this movie, check out and watch "Fear Night", "Kids Lost", or "Deadly Living". that is more entertaining than this thing .... Even "The Partner of Toxic 2", which is also a genre of film, is the most fun way than "Fear of Cabin".
