I don't know if the Cabin Fever is supposed to be a joke or a film ... But as I know, it is more close to being a sandwich than anything else. A few years ago, the horrible filmmakers community decided to take a new step and hate it, thus producing a series of Scream. The list was made by shouting, of all the stupid things that the film's favorite would make it predictable, and the characters in Scream finished doing the same things, which added humor and humor to this kind of analysis, and led to the hope that the awesome films from now will show different, either full of freedom towards that kind, boasting of the film itself, or at least differently in their extraordinary process than all "old" filters that have responded to the same criteria of fatigue. In view of the "Fever of the Cabin", alas, many will see how it is not ordinary people, worried, worried, stirring and even not scary "scary" now, even a few years later. First of all, this film has no originality through a few other people. It has been said several times, how little ideas of directors have today, to fix remakes of foreign sequels, but to keep the film in the cabin in the forests simply does not seem to be "hommage" for nothing, it seems to be, just, rapoff. Anyone who wants to be surprised and other aspects of the story of the film will not be: again, we are involved with a film in which all the characters are in their early twenties, who do not think rationally when placed in front of the problem, will rather say for hours and take a fight than trying to imagine and do something about it. It's not a great excitement there. For the umpteenth period in a horror movie, it is tested by a sign, making love and essentially happy, all kinds of things that have not made them quite different from other fearful filmmakers have previously seen. Second, this film is very bad. Each of the characters is in, every conversation, every situation in the film is stolen and weight as much as any viewer with a slight sense of depression will be removed when some characters eventually end up. There is nothing that the film is directed, written or done to show any sign of humor or shock, which is very surprising to consider the film about non-non-pre-pre-eating-eating viruses (no laughs please). I can't even bring acting, since there are no executives in this film. Released often was to be friends or neighbors with the director. Third, and this will attack anyone who has seen the "good" film awesome before, the screenplay is completely empty. Nothing happens, some actions are repeated several times ("let's try to get help!"), Nothing is appropriate, either for the truth, psychology of the characters, or even the last sequence of the film, which may have to be funny according to the director and the authors of information. I will only say that the terrible film should have a horrible thing in it. Gallons of artificial blood, if they are vomiting, have been shattered or broken from the wounds, has not been enough for the audience. Such a great reputation like screenplay, imagination, and even brutality is a request for anyone claiming to be shooting something scared. If I did not consider it to be a total failure, I would like to acknowledge that the film has one talent: it's filthy dirty look. However, being concerned and being afraid is two very different emotions, then be clear. <br /> <br /> I would like to encourage anyone tad curious or willing to see this film to watch the old films older fear first, why not from 60 years, 70 years, 80 years, films made by Wes Craven, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... might not only give a good explanation of what scary, or fear of fun, but also to convince viewers that "new" is not "better" . A good example of the film is a composer of the composer Angelo Artist given to this film, even though it is close to its original songs, it is less than what he did before.
