Those who, like me, had been disappointed with the beginning of 1995, "Fear" will find more disappointment with this very little sequel. It is as follows the same plot, but it is impossible to merge the original, except the presence of Mr. Morty, the monster of mannequin made of wood. Here is a brief description. Twenty years after Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie, for good performance) his father deliberately killed his mother and then took his own life, Mike still has trouble of that day. Hoping to overcome his fears, Mike takes his girlfriend and a group of friends up to home to grandparents. His plan is for everyone to wear clothes that represent their fears, and then give fear to Morty mannequin. According to the Indian friend, this process should be removed from the person. What Mike does not know is that Morty is the father of his father, and begins to kill friends ... or is it really Mike himself committing murder? Who cares? <br /> <br /> He has several problems with this film. The first lie with Morty. I thought the original origin has made Morty look rather than lobby. At this time, it is very obvious Morty is a man (actor Jon Fedele) in a fake look. This can be seen especially in earlier cases, which Morty still needs to be alive, but if you look closely you see her dropping. Another problem is that many characters do not try hard. Some of them do, namely Betsy Palmer, of Friday 13th, who was the best in this film. But many of them have no effort or no opportunity. Finally, there is murder. The opening events associated with copper killings were very persuasive. True, when I saw them I thought I was on a good movie. When the second half of the movie comes, and murder begins, everything falls to pieces. Deaths have become less, less visible, or less visible (smaller than the next area as Currie is quick). One character dies at the end and no one, including the viewer, even advertising. When more features were needed in the first half, it was not very bad. The second half was. I think the new director Chris Angel came to this point and really did not know how to hit the violence events, so they became stupid and went on foot. The end of silly cannot be either. Therefore, unless you have loved the original and enjoy the burst from the bottom of your skin, you should decrease "Night 2: Night of Halloween." Flash Zanatos: 4 out of 10.
