Sometimes you need to see a bad movie just to appreciate well. Well, that's my opinion however. This will always be in the worst category of film, just because the Shu Qi performance was terrible. Martial Angel says about Cat (Shu Qi), a professional thief turned straight after leaving his girlfriend, Chi Lam (Julian Cheung), two years before. But behind him comes back to hate as Chi Lam has been robbed for the Cat software security compensation program. To save him, he calls his old friends from the days of the orphans, six other ignorant women, to save the day ... <br /> <br /> I was able to tell cheesily, but this is a cheesy story. In fact, the entire script and direction did not have any quality. Much of the conversation was useless and with a thin plot like rice paper in water. If I could do it, get a bad movie of Jackie Chan, remove the comedy, remove the choreography, lose the budget, and have a Romantic Angel: a piece of model work without even thought. See, I need to give a loan where you get paid on credit, and Shu Qi was probably the only person who comes out no matter what the shocking action was, as it was its advertising performance. Okay, you can't say he was the best - after all he had anything to work with - but he was able to dig a certain character from his role. More than that, Sandra Ng and Kelly Lin just had another feeling - although these were very interesting and very shorter <br /> <br /> Other places, the film fell to pieces. Exhibitions and discussions were unfamiliar and unusual, special effects were done cheaply without attempting to clear the boundaries between people and the mask of blue screens, bad edits involving multiple discontinuities in combat scenarios, cameras that were basic and wrong, and the trend I have seen better from the lost dog. I think this film was a lot of cooks. Probably, the budget was hit with a great desire to have seven babies on the same cash screens. That didn't leave any more. In fact, how this film was made was a cheap film without a porn. Charlie's angel, not. In fact, when the sisters can do that for themselves, there is nothing that seems to be here. Certainly one forgot.
