Steven buddy, you remember when you said this: Try to find the least resistance and use it without harming others. With loyalty and morality, not just for people but for all people. You do not, you have hurt your fans and their values ​​and these "films" I can't bother if I didn't know you were better than this, I found your videos you teach, you are better than this why why brothers why ... <br /> <br /> The production of steamroller steamrolled steamrolled I have promised to bro not fear you will tell you the truth with your face so we can fix it. Well I would like others to sleep 90%, but I was really exhausted and I had a big meal one hour before Sensai's hand, what you are doing. 12 million? really? What? you have any idea we can do with $ 12 million It can be on the movie and hit the blockbuster, if you wish we could give you money from a great advantage for shelter or something. These people after the incubation of no one existed, we can make a better person, the eye combination of the eye from men on black film, half of the expected will be smith seen or tommy lee Jones tell your were gills not the eyelashes. Seagal is a master of Aikido, why do you do it for yourself, for us? when you came to the area, you had a new straightforward style, and it was obviously you are a teacher that causes your actions to be clear and interesting, watching your first three movies I felt like you were teaching me something, now you feel like you're just opening up or something what I feel I need to save you buddy, this time you are the one killed and I will come and take revenge by helping you make the best movie ever. bro I know who you are, I really know about Nico's movie. let's say. I have a new picker, I swear you can't despair and my thoughts in detail and we will do so for fans, your fans deserve better, we sit up, but the string is almost entry. I swear I can not let your movie out of the door with one mistake in it I'm still trying to find out if that was the worst dubbing ever, or you have laryngitis, but I promise you could make a better impression of your voice than crumbling **** who didn't even try. I am sure your hope has caught him in the nuts as his payment. I can come up with stories and conspiracy that can fit with the revenge of your teen's child / daughter / wife / dog / house and I promise that we will bring them back, I promise, I also want to go in the direction, which makes people think, if you let me promise we will make a film which people will go away and have talk about it, great ideas of thought, a changing perspective. <br /> <br> Steven Seagal This is my authority for written permission to IMD to refresh my contact contact with you for the purpose of raising one of the best karate heroes I have ever seen, for record hes is Italian, Islamic and Jewish so you call it a bad act I call it severe, because you have believed for 20 years that Seagal is Italian :) kinda changes your perspective.
