The Power of Attack has a terrible head, and it can almost be judged by a large lid, because the film is awesome! Mish-mash lines of conspiracy, a choppy mess, and a very frightening speed, make the film difficult to watch to finish. I was able to do that and I am proud of it. As a fan of Seagal's work (over his past days), it is painful to see a star on that trip. The last semi-final Seagal movies, or so, have attracted them, but some of them had at least some other features of redemption. The Army Attack is a mess. From pregnancy to childbirth this film has found a lot of changes, from the guest line of the visitor, so far on the drug addiction, about the release of Romanian (film has many layouts, none of which is Romanian, but all looking like Romania because they are Romania!) people. The film has been taken along with a little consideration of any original script script. The holes and the dirty end are full of the film for sure. That has been a problem in the last Seagal films too, but never had any results. There is a line of plot on water supply to be poisoned by CTX (that's the cold name of medicine) that will not be erased! <br /> <br /> Of course in recent years the plot has never been a major draw on the canon of Seagal so there was great on other departments, especially the action. Before considering this step, all other departments are poor. The direction is poor, or perhaps put it well, made to look for the poor. Who knows how director Michael Keusch previously wanted this film? Out of him to finish his work, the trunk again to the man with Tom Delmar's maneuver, and editing, the same vision of auteur is completely lost. The best way to describe the film is that just on the shop! Style is lighter, almost inducing sleep, while droning score (sounding as it was produced at low cost of cheap synthesizers) does nothing exciting things. They have been beaten too poor, they can't save anything here. Seagal seems to be more tired of being identified, and is called through a lot of pictures, clearly when points of conspiracy are changed. He seems tired and fatigue, and it is interesting, unlike he has looked at the previous pictures too (as described above has been a critical complaint in recent Seagal pictures). The only member redeemed by Adam Croasdell is one of the criminals, doing the act of slimy Bret. He seems to be thrown on the line of the alien plot, because he is playing with pride. He looks like a cross between a shepherd of the body and a vampire (ditto for a villain's shot played by some chick of fire who looks to the event, apparently waiting for her husband? Dracula). Last step. Well it's poor. Abdominal miscarriages, poorly shot. There is not much either, and there is even less cooperating with Seagal. Stevo does not actually bring a stunt twice here, because there is very little to do. There is also a long-term (repeat and stimulating) part of the hour mark that is often reduced by a slight beat by the Seagal stand because the obvious Seagal was not present when the area was hit, and they wanted to have a feature in the action area. Seagal finally looked into a man to beat two young men in the head. Seagal has a credit provider here and a script loan, but from what I understand that the film has been changed back to its current state. Seagal will appear to not work with these people again, or to Castel Studio who continue to give the Nu-Image Anger (that's saying something), the material. Overall this is one to avoid if you're not a fan of Seagal. Seagal fans can also be safe in the knowledge that a great person might not want to do anything again. Unfortunately his next film has already been shot, and the same people, promise to be worse than this. *
