To the extent that I could understand, TIW WATCH is the first job of the young director. Of course it is like this is the work of an ordinary person who likes to love the film or if this is the work of a movie student, since there is a reference to the School of Art of Oporto in the last features. However, director Ricardo Pinho shows with this film without realizing the basic ideas about movies. What is the film? How to tell the story? It does not matter, to the novice director. One of the first things you learn at school when you read movies is how to tell stories. You learn that, as in the novel, in movies you should also create your story in three actions: the introduction, development and conclusion. You learn that your story should have a protagonist and an opponent and that it must have a peak. You learn this is valid for 3-epic hours, for an ordinary movie, for a short film and even, believe it or not, for a second second business. You will also learn that there may be a reasonable level in your way to a professional structure and that, finally, you can even renew it. <br /> <br /> In the wrong words, TIM MNARAKA tells us its main character and then, the movie is approaching - the whole movie looks like the introduction of the characters in the Jeunet AMÉLIE. No second or third actions in TIME viewer. This is not an art or film art, so you can't even try to prove disrespect for the professional structure. You expect to tell the story, and it doesn't come out. Worse than that, TIM MLINZI describes himself as a warning; and one without a real purpose. It doesn't make sure, or at least, it's wrong. His quotation is sandy, for revenge. The conditions shown are quite simple and its way is Manichaean. I expected much more from this short time. The film opens with a good look of the credit and you see it quickly looking at something for better production quality than the usual Portuguese film. I don't know the budget of this film, but based on the list of thanks in the last features, the attributes should go to the production team for such a good relationship in the country where it is difficult to have open doors for young filmmakers. <Br /> <br /> The viewer of TIM seems to be a fashion practice, color and carefully selected programs, as well as a good score. It's just that. Nothing else. There is no plot. And that's a shame because it feels like losing the production values. Of course, you can see in the normal area of ​​Portugal short of different types of sites and many things available to enhance the story. <br /> <br /> If it is not surprising if the comparison can be seen, it should be a brief mention of BMW as a good example of how you can describe a good story in a very very very closed film for the placement of products and movies on top of delicate.
