I lost this because I was exhausted with the 'NBC's '80 program and apparently saved a lot of money. I have nothing against all actors and for their loan they are doing a good job but this show comes from the premise. <br /> <br /> We have behavior that cannot be seen. He is full of mistakes, not light, and full of jerk beautiful days. However, the reason why anyone should take care is not there. When making a sitcom of America finishing close to the full jackass of the head is a revolutionary and full of capabilities, has not been reached here in this show. Most of the letters that are supported are not perfect characters but are caused by sadness of the punching pockets that require understanding from the audience by giving them bags. As with any sitcom, it is usually made for the audience to explain, and by doing so they leave the leadership style to what we see Bittinger to himself and harm people and they just stay there because .... why? There is no reason. All ordinary people would just stop abuse. Keeping them out there for no real reason - even one of the most surprising one given by Joanna Cassidy in a very special part of delivery delivery that has serious problems itself - is where the show just falls. Just believe that people live with this person because we are told he has the heart of gold is not found by the reality of the situation. If anything, this is not hard even. This is a bad plot, pregnancy, and the implementation of the premise that were short-lived but generally encountered a deserved fate. Someone had guts to go out and make a very good idea, but the implementation is so dangerous that it looks like a weirdly script version of Jerry Springer show where someone is abusing this tyrant that we need to root because we are told. Summary like this you need to touch the left that executives here can offer easily, but somehow they can't. And that's a bad mistake that has been killed by this app. <br /> <br /> Hide up to the show during the boy. Regardless, the show has value to look. But it has dropped too much when trying the star's purpose, and doing the whole business would not have been.
