Going down as a very expensive film in Finnish history, to this day, "Dark Guri" is a very horrible Lynchi film that describes a series of overgrown "Floors" in which the characters are bound. . Guided by an autistic daughter and her father, she herself separated from the hospital that seems to have no medical advances with her daughter, makes their way in the elevator to discuss the issue with one of the hospital nurses. To keep up with the guards, the trader and the smoker appear to be in a hurry to get the problem left, but not alone. Guided by Finnish-born Pete Riski, better known for his television career, "Dark clouds" happens in English, using English practitioners in particular but has an impressive entry to the "Lordi" of the most famous Finland of 2006 ( winners 2006). themselves, that is, in their attractive clothing, like the rivals of the film, but for all this razzmatazz production fails where it is needed more, to convince viewers. <br /> <br /> Any image that has their use of the leading word behavior is “very calm” already written under a bad way, and this Lordi has affected the fear does not break the contract. With all the good ideas that are thrown into the mix there are a few of the clichés that have come together with the worst, whatever is the original attraction is not enough for talking. The idea of ​​a lost floor is very surprising and gives a sense of inevitable punishment if the audience knows those who remain in the hospital should be further in the mud. However, insufficient conditions are designed to intimidate and fear the audience in an unconscious fear, the viewer knows the journey will be more dangerous, as the decline from white white through the dark darkness, but I don't think the characters are aware of this fact by threatening. Also, the whole film being done on what is its time to blow the bubble is no longer a very good touch, the concept is not often used in the form of fear, but the characters do not cope with the situation with enough fear and alarming when they encounter this fact, they continue on of their business very easily and without sufficient concern for the idea of ​​the audience. These early ideas are only left to go astray, as the director and / or Mr Lordi (who had many ideas used in the film) had these ideas, but did not agree or decide how to use them properly and thus lose their purpose and point. However, for all confusion there is a lot of comedy, but not because the creators could expect. Very much is a clichéd, so much is recycled and much is just simply ridiculous. When leadership has been developed by Noah Huntley, the characters are the only cut cards that have been taken from the story from another film. We have a leading person to do everything possible to protect his daughter with the interests of love used. Compatible with the "couple" we have the traditional male flashlight as the hardened guards, and close to the infinite piece of his campaign, and a very unreliable businessman to look at himself. Worst of all, unfortunately, is the introduction of the cast of Lordi as night creatures who torture our band of walk of misfits, but not to them to be seen as themselves. Something that makes the film shocking scares viewers is to enhance fear. "Shining" is frightened because it is a member of your own family to gather you, "The Night of the Dead" is our fear of each other and the first destruction and the impression of non-meaning ideas Zombies own, in the "Alien" fear is described, the creature is rationalized and in the "dark floor" there is no, however. Perhaps it is similar to compare this production with these monoliths but when you do it it shows that it is pales largely and that the attackers feel like not more than the closed klingons where you can almost see zip on the dress they wear, without creating any "Lordi" status. is not just good. It is unfortunate because we are all excited about securities and hope they do well, want a small production to say that they can create the same quality of film as "Hollywood" comes out, in the same way that George A Romero started , but not always does. I enjoyed the film and did not feel like I had lost the nineteen minute I had gone, but I was happy at the very clear rate if nothing happened happened or affected me greatly, emotionally or substantially. I heard a close statement of Lynchi it included more steps, but it comes into anything. Why did it happen? What does it mean? What? Will they go again this way? Without even a little understanding about what will happen to the film is just amazing for trying to be a hundred. What? A whole series of real events or was just a series of dreams? What? The autistic girl was looking at the Eurovision Song of 2006 and just had a fantastic dream from her trouble? Who knows? And unfortunately I fail to work on energy even caring. The "dark floor" is the experience of opposing that when it is finally unknown and the limited time reflects a lot of creative creativity from Mr Lordi, who may have to look at a solo career to develop his ideas fully. It is one of the fans that the group or kind of kind should get in, but they will leave the feeling left by the light enough to light up the situation.
