I started to get interest in this film after reading the review saying this movie reminded the viewer of Silent Hill. <br /> <br /> Become a great fan of Silent Hill, and despair and the first movie, I thought I would give you this opportunity. Mind, Fearnet writes only this movie as "dark floor", not in full name. So when I saw the name of "Mr. Lordi" in the same credit immediately I thought of the band (I had a few friends at the university as they were) but they didn't think it was important and quickly pushing the ideas aside. > <br /> The movie begins power. Despite the fact "the little girl" has been made with KULI, good use of voice and sense of separation has actually begun to play the story together. The fast atmosphere was constructed quickly, and each sign showed that the film is better. If the creatures are the true stars of fear, I could not wait to see what was going into the hospital hall and the main characters found themselves coming into ... <br /> Then the first monster showed up, and I found myself very much. When the second time it appeared, I really made it as if it had come out of the Megadeth festival, and the silliness put me completely. Over the course of the movie atmosphere remained incorrect, and the story caused you to wonder just what was going on, but the worst situation was not there. However, I was hoping that the end would make it all worthwhile. Unfortunately this was not so. When the movie had reached the peak, I was quite worried, and once I realized that it was very bad in its opening ... singer guide to Lordi? Seriously? Is that how all the movies got? The poor spiritual group has been discharged from the clinic by Lordi band members? Design silly monster suddenly made sense. If you are the same Corny, possible through the members of Marilyn Manson, or even KISS there too. Not to mention the fact that I am sure I have seen the end in one of Lordi music videos a few years ago. Should they go and make the whole movie off with it? Most of all, when I got what was going on, all I could manage was. I can't "destroy" you, but I can safely say it is a device that you have seen before. It is more likely than once. So, unless you are a great Lordi teacher, you stop away from this. It is not afraid, it does not bring anything new to the table (although it is a good job of borrowing on other fearful movies, especially Silent Hill). And, I can't stress this enough, the Lord is an opponent. Mr.I. Talk about buzzkill. True, you would be much better to try trying to scare yourself to watch Slipknot music videos. In other words, it is impossible.
