Lordi was a big hard and revelation in 2007 because they won the Contest Song Contest and song (not-heavy) song called "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared on a dress dressed like hideous monsters. But, let's say, their most likely victory had little to do with their musical talents. The Eurovision Tournament gradually turned into one big circus of politics over the years and Lordi probably won because their song finally brought a little change to ?? even more important - because all their works of ingeniously spoofed event every year. The last thing is the first Lordi (and with the last hope) the awesome film brings change and skill. "Dark Gloves", according to the idea of ​​the leading singer and watching all the bands in support functions, is a clichés in fact true and hopeless. A large budget ("dark floor" is said to be the most expensive Finnish film ever) definitely ensures the pieces of art and fun art, but what is no story that is worth telling? The film takes place at a busy hospital where a group of people, between their father and daughter with an unknown illness, gets into an elevator during a breakdown. When the doors opened again, the floor is empty and it looks like a hospital has been forced since many years already. To try to get to the trip, this squad is faced with a number of obstacles and uncertainties, such as inseparable creatures, spiritual voices and Heavy Metal creatures that occur from the floor. Only three elements that I deal with "dark floor" are set aside for the environment and create enough tension during the first half of the film. As long as bad events do not require an explanation, the atmosphere is very interesting, but once you understand the details it will be that the fool or b will never come, good fall like a unstable home card. Lordi's clothing was not afraid to start with (except for the traditional Eurovision fans) and, with more stories to remember the fears of the spirit of Asia, they just seem to be worried and unworthy. For all national lies and truly unique areas of movies, I personally always thought Finland? Country of Milk Thousands? it will be the best source of reproduction of horrible stories, but I think it's another difficulty in my account.
