I have lost three hours of my life with this problem, and I can honestly say I do not feel violated. I was reading reviews and hearing warnings, and I thought I was ready for anything - better I thought, an honest effort (if not corrupted) in the original efficiency; in the worst, the "bad" program is bad "Plan 9" for the new millennium. So when I could take a copy in Walmart during Florida and return to England, I threw my friends "Prepare for the worst films made!" Oh, the bright Karma. There is absolutely nothing to recommend this film. The "special" effects are seen as the work of the first student design using Spectrum ZX81. Acting is awesome, the accents are working more than a terrible (one mille 's artillery accent seems to take us on a visit to the British Islands, from Scotland to Wales through Northern Ireland), the talks are stilted, editing is no, the production values ​​prove that there is no cost. Words cannot describe how this movie is bad; from the Flag of the United Nations Air Force from the Great River Navy River (Royal Navy goes to White Ensign, NOT the United Nations Assembly) for the action of trees, this is just a crime against film making. As you explore some of the true fan-budgets of the videos that are available on "net (Witches Star Wars" for example), all arguments "we enjoy amateurs" goes out of the window. And if you believe in an interview with Hines on the Pendragon website, this film had a budget figure 8! I can only assume that the hair of the dodgy face does not exceed cheaper in the United States. Perhaps the problem is that Hines & co tried to make a book of the book, instead of turning the book into the film (if it makes any sense). Characteristics and capsules additional text tips without trying to convey the sense of words. Surprisingly, the only person who even came close to providing good performance was Darlene Sellers, an old soft actress of porn. My advice? Pray as mad that Jeff Wayne did not miss it, and go to the Spielberg version. It may not be true for the text of the book, but I can say this; As a fan of HG Wells of all life (and English too) the film of Speilbergs is true to the Spirit's book. Perhaps the customs were not right to let me take this monster into the country, but I will say: Timothy Hines stole three hours of my life, and I want to give it again.
