When a friend gave me a box of "12 Movies Amazing Scifi / Horror!" I was very discreet and cautious. But, since the item was a gift, I didn't really pay my common sense. After all movies .... for free! Why if it's a small string. After much consideration, the guest of the guest was the first of the film. Surprisingly, it was the first choice because it looked the best of the group. All I can say is, if this is the best of them, I am wondering what others have. Over the face, it had good things to go. Four participants (counters' em!) I had. Billy Dee Williams, Tracy Scoggins, Maxwell Caulfield and Jeff Conaway. I told myself ... "Billy and Tracy have been in a good scifi (Star Wars and Babylon 5, respectively) so they didn't register for Turkey. Max is an old detergent who has never been able to break the film .... but it's not The player player .. Jeff ... well ... has done good and bad away from the film and TV. "I was about to see that Jeff has decided to add" bad "to his movie repertoire. The first way was in opening events. Jeff mugs his way with gusto through "I am mad" area before finally suicide himself. Operating exciting amusing, in fact. Unfortunately this is, without much widespread, the film model. It goes down from there. Currently we have a mission commander (Williams) who is sent to see what happened to Jeff and his crew of his sailors from among the ranks of crime. But this balance is not so much Dozen of Evil - more like Fourth Prevention. Plus, one of the pot, the hacker of the computer, shown in his cell works off on a computer computer. Isn't it like to allow the killer to run a gun shop in the slammer? Very good prison, if you ask me. <br /> <br /> When it finally removes the effects is awesome. It seems like an example of a spaceship was found during the day and some eight-year-old exhausted people had frozen pieces from his Airfix seat. But fear is not recommended there. During the journey to the location of Jeff's ship lost, criminal workers are paid for their good behavior by being given a weekend of true truth, which gives their male fantasies. All well and good, and the use of events from their fantasies is used as an introduction to the "risk of alien" which begins to appear there. But did they have to drive out sooooooooooo completely? Alien hunter? Boring the visitor, more like. Finally they do with the G and the presence of the visitor makes them fight against his will until Max is just an old elder. In the end, in the film's real garbage vein, thought in the series - like! Also make the appearance in this film is the character I will mention the name of "Sweatdroid". He has to be a naid, but it seems that the truth was lost to pretenders, who gave him and sweaty qualities at any time. But don't worry, he's just there to make a count of the body count at the end. <br /> <br /> Williams and Scoggins, being real, makes very little in the film. They just barely stay awake, then alone to act. And, as I said earlier, Jeff gets in early rain, so his humanity is not allowed to shine much of the film. Max is very trying, as well as other members sent, but the film is very bad, being honest. One way half of the ideas of this film is the shipping contract. All known after musicians - Holly, Presley, Joplin. Another part of the film is bland and not recognized. It was done in 1992, I thought, at first glance, it was one of 80 direct works to video. It looks like they have already made demolition movies in the 90s, it seems. <br /> <br /> It is better to avoid. Even if the beer film n chips this film is stinker, but at least you can move forward, I think.
