I watched this version of R.D's novel film. Blackmore's basket as an alternative until the A & E version of 2001 was released on the video. And what changes the poor was !!! !!! / this version does not know, I feel-like-me-there is a feature of the movie A & E. Actors are, for the most part, timber (with Sean Bean except) and "romance" seems to have been forced. In fact, no kissing to the end of the movie! Three out of John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, whatever you prefer) and Carver Doone evil were not mentioned or extended over. We don't have much knowledge in Carver here, or why he has romantic feelings (if any) for Lorna. This movie reduces the most important and interesting characters of the novel, such as the Doone Advisor, and John Lizzie's younger sister who was hit with a loud voice that was necessary for the plot. Screenplay itself is not guilty. Political will also does not include the script. The way Lorna came to have Doones is not true for the original story. Now, don't do me wrong, Clive Owen is a good and talented actor (see Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation) but he comes as a bland and standing, and long hair (can be a bad wig) just shouldn't have him !!!! Polly's player is a good and perfect actor (see April and Patriot Games, which also lost by Sean Bean), but looks without color and missing. He has a cold blow on his mouth that make-up can not hide, and the clothes don't seem to be true. Last Robert Stephens turns in honor as Mr. Ensor Doone, though he mentions Lorna as his beloved rather than his grandson, which was known to be in the book. Also, it seems to me that Owen and Walker are too old for their roles (perhaps a decision) and the environment is colored brown, brown, gray and gray, without to have the light of the sky. I understand that it has been installed in Western England, but it's green there and finds their sun !!! The expression of Tom Faggus's character and his "death", which will not happen in the novel, undermine the film more. Automatic reference is the performance of Sean Bean as Carver. Although it has not come close to the similarity of Aidan Gillen's exhibition in the movie A & E, Bean makes one of the meaning of the villain. In short, look at this only if you have a few hours to kill, but don't expect anything exciting or therefore be correct for novel. See any other version (but I strongly recommend A & E film) on this to deal with fatigue.
