True, I didn't have a great prospect of "Corky Romano." But again, who did? However, I felt that it was worth the benefit of doubt. I had no great hope of "Joe Dirt" or - another recent comedy watching a member of the beaten SNL - and I was surprised. But this film is just as bad as it appears in the preview. Chris Kattan is a talented talented actor - contrary to what you can think after watching this film - with great energy. She has been in many SNL's hilarious sculptures, and I think she is one of the most talented SNL members as now. In this case, he has been given a script of fantasy, useless and tries to fix every area and enter for a long time. In every area, he tries to do a rough action in Jerry Lewis and is very faint. Jerry Lewis knew how to pull this kind of physical comedy, without mentioning he worked for better writing. Kattan looks just like a fool fool with ADHD who had one very Latte Cafe. He even wait punchline; he thinks we will laugh all at once he jumps around like a ape on the crack. In one area, he lives in a flight match with a dog who has a cocaine mouth. The bag explodes and cocaine rises everywhere. He returns to work, and gives birth to a coke. Now, we should laugh at the fact that he does a hyper and sharp, when he does the same thing in the whole film? <br /> <br /> For other members of the cast ... Vanessa Shaw is a real fire, Peter Berg has lost a lack of thanks and also Chris Penn. Peter Falk also loses, although he has a few wonderful lines that I'm sure he has improved. I hope Falk gets a good movie one day soon. That is too many talents too lose on the curve as "Corky Romano." I did not like the last Falk movie "He did" all of that, but at least he had a decent role. <br /> <br /> I beat a few times, but I couldn't find one laugh. Each gag takes place without the meaning of time or delivery. And it's even worse for the work of Kattan hammy. And there are some gags that are streneously dragged out. For example, Kattan will be near his two brothers' faces. He stands there for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to get out and when he finally does it a little bit. It's very bad when you have a gag which is funny and find it out, but when you have a blind gag and you drag it out it is a hell of much worse. And another example of this is when he tries to interpret what those two Asian people say during the drug. I can continue to continue on what is wrong with this so-called comedy, but I can't waste my time. As I said earlier, as you predicted bad things from the tractors - you predicted the right. <br /> <br /> My logo: 3 (out of 10)
