Why is this film so bad? Well, if you have stupid and unfunny is the reason, then this film is. Corky Romano's character can not be seen for the best and sad for the worst. Gags are predictable but that does not make them worse. They are a type of joke to predict what your friend is not supposed to say. Corky Romano is about a gentle vet who tries to do well but it's amazing. His quiet life is beaten by a loop when a family who has now rejected him now needs to get into the FBI in order to destroy any family history of crime. However, it is not easy for Corky because the FBI believes it is a great agent and pretends to be responsible for detecting his own family. Mishaps and violence are required but it is not recommended as any hijixn of comic is located. Corky lives in love with his beautiful FBI partner and puts a record directly with the FBI and his family if he lives a quiet life. I think what makes this film irritating is the first actor and thoughtful joke. Chris Kattan shows his awesome shortcomings as an actor here as his one slapstick act falls flat around 10 minutes on the film. It's okay to have a full film from the brain, stick stick. Are Ferrel, a lover of SNL's Kattan, seems to have done a perfect job in it. The only difference between Kattan and Ferrel is that Ferrel knows when to drop down and rely on other ways to tell jokes. There is absolutely no difference in Kattan order. It is difficult to hear the same joke twice, but for the whole movie that is just pure passion. Another problem with the movie was the lack of original jokes and FUNNY. The brother of the gay mafia, the brother of awkward sch-tick, and a lot of forgetful jokes seem nothing like the first time you laughed. It looks like the screen authors wrote more fun than anyone who watched it. Even with a cast that has other talent for championship (Chris Penn, Peter Falk) jokes that begin to get tired. No chemistry too. This film was one of the pocket books for executives. No body seemed to care about it, or even try. Unfortunately, no body told Chris Kattan that.
