Although I would like to hear that "Cama de Gato" was the worst movie of Brazil for ten years, I looked at it as an opportunity; After all, Alexandre Stockler, producer / producer / first journalist, managed to do his first item (video) with just US $ 4,000 and - although it seems even cheaper - I can't begin to think of all that he used to finally be shown on the movie. without major donors or production companies behind it (then as I watched I realized why). But whatever they are willing to offer "Cama de Gato", they are reduced to zero within 10 minutes: it is lacking faith, verbose, contemporary contemporary ethnicity and catastrophic describing the middle class of Brazilian middle class as destroyed The neo-Nazi is separated from sex, drugs and violence (and is seen as close gays), designed without looking at talents, ideas, skills or ideas of the structure. It seems and normal, reminiscent of the worst things that you can find on YouTube - here alone takes NINETY TWO (count'em) of non-reluctant hysteria, and even not bad-bad. We have seen this story before: the stimulating young people like to have fun, going to split, using drugs and everything that goes wrong - there is gang violence, hitting, killing, accidental death (falling under the staircase! !) the mother of one of the boys, coming to the boys decided to burn the girl's body and mother in garbage waste. Desire and real garbage, it gets? The film is greatly affected by Larry Clark (especially "Children" and "Bully"), but Clark's films - although they are also morally and sexually active - are the best comparison work compared to this trick. do not think there was a single columnist in the movie theory so that it was connected to his mind under the clan of the audience: Stockler catches us with a cola and tries to tie his non-moral power in our mind by repeating and cutting - you get worried and talk too much , shouting, windy direction, shaky camera and bad statement. Stockler doesn't care little about techniques (image quality, composing, recording sounds, sound songs, conversations, sets, editing, etc. are the same as horrible), but he is a freak control: he expects a complaint that is bound to get by adding headlines and the views of smartie / cutie, and by making the characters cite at one time how far away from it is (I could relate to that). <br /> <br /> With his romantic aspirations, Stockler seems unable to give us a low level of appearance or story - he can't even decide whether he wants false originality (video-based video etc) or stylization (repetition of the scenes, the use of alternatives takes, etc.). Damn, can not even decide WHERE to keep his camera (there is the use of subjective camera for THREE leads)! Discussions include some of the most abusive actions; The plot is only to justify the great hatred of the director for its characters and what they stand for. All you see is a hateful filmmaker, preaching, claiming, shaking without the minimum benefit of talent (or method) to go with him. <br /> <br /> It is very desperate to find Caio Blat in this mess. Of course, one of the most promising young actors in Brazil, and his dog's sleeping dog is seen by a sleepy sleep that often remembers Sal Mineo's, Blat may be very effective under good direction (like in "Carandiru", \ t "Lavoura Arcaica", "Proibido Proibir"). Here, she has said to go up and she should play with some embarrassment under "equipment" executives in recent memory. It also enters the risky sexual scene (so people seem to be porn-web-cam). <br /> <br /> The movie opens and ends with an actual interview with the "normal" young people (?) - Stockler wants us to take this interview as "proof" of what he tries to preach in lies. But he scorns and humiliates his respondents, choosing an open, racist, sexist, cynical statement (which only shows storms everywhere. Stockler wants to prove that young Brazilian middle class are all present or future viewers because they have middle class and enjoy the entertainment (says all non-fascists are drugs? Or that drugs can have characteristic of fascist? ''). <br /> <br /> With its right to self-independence, techniques to hurt headaches and focus on mind, "Cama de Gato" is bad for 1,000 reasons but, above all, it is risky in an uncomfortable manner very much: provides the Brazilian cinema advisors to be a powerful argument. "Cama de Gato" is better identified, unspecified, buried and forgetful.
