We all know what if we have a bad day in the office, right? Well, this Neil Simon comedy looks at how it is when you have the worst day trying to try to reach the office. Sometimes, not just worth going, knowing what I mean? And, sometimes, it's not worth doing something when it's already done, in 1970, and Jack Lemmon and Sandy Dennis ... and also better. It's not that Steve Martin is a silly player or a bad player for the role of implementing hard and insistent advertising; on the contrary, for both errors. And, it's not that Goldie Hawn also doesn't know; His work has been always good, if not great, since I first saw the Rowan and Martin Laugh-In 1960s. The problem with this movie is that it is not about innocent couples This is true about New York and why everyone should come to New York to live and love their lives away from the joy of marriage? ?? in the world's largest city. That's like the New York River ... See, the 1970s movie is still the best comedy which actually consider all the things that can go wrong when you take a trip somewhere, and include many of the situations and eyes to see which you can imagine on what might happen to you in a strange environment. This 1999 version unfortunately goes on freeless tangents especially for viewers these days that expects or wants to see additional. For example, not the content and calls of the main players, there is a cameo (too long) from Rudy Giuliani, then the mayor of New York, as we all know. What ?? Giuliani bucking to the President even then? Worse? A walk talking for a thin face of New York. And then we have John Cleese, overturning his position as Basil Fawlty? but this time, as a cross player too? once again witness the hotel staff, examining the customer for the rich and usually making himself look like idiot he is, in this role. And, in the process, make great damage to the memory of Fawlty Towers, of course it is the best series of British comedy, bar no ... <br /> <br /> Why this movie 1999 did? In the 1970s, New York was a dying city, in many ways. It was almost completely bankrupt. Therefore, when it was made in 1970, it was the city you saw: strong, dark, shadow, separating and not the place where the abused couple finally chose for their new life with big sushi (as it was, marginalized and all). In 1999, things got better: glitz was back, New York was growing, it was Big Apple, ready for you to enter in, if it was moxie ... So, usually, a couple in this second come to see that moxie in themselves and ultimately joining the greatest deception to continue the American dream of life, freedom and pursuit of happiness. Therefore, this film is a true comic but not because the producers probably thought. As much as I love Steve Martin and Goldie Hawn in comedy, this movie is the harvest of one of the best made by the big Lemmon Jack. If you have seen the end, then you should not bother with this.
