A proper review of nuremburg must focus on the door of history without opening to open the movie "valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008) at the end tells the world there was a German opposition during the two world wars that were organized professionally by state actors, military forces, soldiers and civilians who tried to give us the Nazi political regime, shut down the new, \ t get peace and closer to the camps. However, these unknown heroes did not receive any support from the partners who helped the French opposition almost. Historians have used the institutional agenda since the time of concealing the evil of partners who reduce the millions of lives and everyone who deserves to believe the lies that the German supporters fully supported Nazi and therefore deserved the 24-hour genocide and "commitment". on the terms "which were set by the Germans. Germany's enigma numbers were broken down by English scientists in 1943 a lot of what Germans were doing. In 1943 the Germans launched new aircraft and aircraft bombs for Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. However, even if Muslims were excommunicated by German opposition, the collaborators did not allow any democracy in the world to have air fighters, airplanes, high-speed experiments, rifles and radio-powered missiles without the US! This is where the institutional agenda achieves. Therefore, German opposition has no support from the partners though they always had an important intelligence to remove Adolf Hitler. The 20th July 1944 revolution was evidence of great efforts by the Germans to find peace. Instead, the Germans got the end of "unconditional volunteer" and the explosion bombs for 24 hours on the agenda of peace escape. Partners wanted to steal the biggest technology in the world and scientists from the Germans and have full ownership through "unconditional commitment." It was an organized agenda designed to allow the war to develop and keep strong citizens to justify a 24-hour bomb but it took one year after the d-day before allied forces went to Germany to steal the biggest technology in the world and scientists on the gun barrel. However, tens of millions of people have died since the collapse of Germany's own resistance to their own desires. Partners were placed "free of charge" to the Germans as an excuse to complete the ownership and control of the German government and it was done without the German opposition on Nazi shooting. Partners wanted to steal the biggest technology in the world and scientists from the Germans to achieve world-class administration. Therefore, everything took second place on the agenda of the evil partners that killed millions of German people in 24-hour bombs; group camps continued to be opened; The war was many and led by "cold war" and weapons according to the achievements of German, technological, and scientific industries taken from the Germans in two world wars. The war crimes of Nuremburg were the public deception of mass connection and mass killings caused by partners as the right to return to the Nazis. It was a smoke screens to hide the agenda of evil and ambitious leadership of world technology instead of helping German opposition to destroy the Nazi political regime. Thousands of millions of people died because the collaborators broke out of Germany's opposition to the agenda but they paid off to German officials of the workers who paid their lives in the war crimes of Nuremburg or not although the partners committed genocide in order to achieve civilization. technology in the world.
