The word 'Truth' in the title of this film found my alarm bells. They cry loudly when the head card is known as the War of the United States as "War of the Nations" (proposed by the western supporters). Jesse James - the thief, the owner of the slave and the murderer - has been described as a quiet, gentle young man. <br /> <br /> What! This movie is trustworthy? There is no mention of slavery, the lowest truth of the fact that Jesse James was a widow who was a slave before the war, and that Jesse and his brother Frank fought hard to keep slavery. According to this film, all the soldiers of the Civil War were fighting to determine whether Missouri is north or south government ... that's ALL. (Missouri: It's candy! It's a nose of breath!) People of black color do not completely break out of this film, except for the two lungs of the applicants, one of them wearing the sign of "HELP THE POOR" which is a very unpopular type. instead of written. (Some 19th century print magazines are incorrect, and 20th century fonts.) This film has an amazing flashback format. There are some amazing driving (and some good work for fascinating horses), and one good montage. I used one line of discussion: 'Some boys can't eat the beans again.' The movie gets a little real truth: Agnes Moorehead, like Jesse's mother, hides her right hand in the events after running with Pinkerton agents (here called 'Remington') where Jesse's real mother suffered injuries that need to be beaten of his lower hand. Some errors here are for forgiveness: during his bushwhacking days, Jesse James literally shot a part of his middle finger, but Robert Wagner (in the role of title here) has no restraint. I saw a picture of Jesse's true wife; if he had seen half as beautiful as Hope Lange looked in this film, Jesse James could have stayed home more. There is a lot of restructuring here, and many of the male characters wear the hair of the 1950s. But many of these films are blocked. Jesse James Quantrill's counselor has been mentioned several times, but all actors separate his name. We see Jesse and his wife going to a two-storey house (where he will soon die) after paying $ 18. In fact, Jesse's last home (1318 Lafayette Street, St Joseph, Missouri) was a simple apartment house, renting $ 14. There was no high floor ... so, when Jesse James was killed, his wife could not jump from the apartment as Hope Lange does here. (He was in the kitchen.) <br /> <br /> One error continuing: Robert Wagner (who doesn't have a double stunt) does an amazing job of taking slug to the jaw and falling when his hands are behind his back ... but when he wakes up, the string of his hands is broken. <br /> <br /> Screenshot includes some strange and unwanted dates. Following a Northfield robbery attempt, Jesse says he hopes to go home with his birth. The actual Northfield bank and James Gang (September 7, 1876) was two days after the birth of Jesse James. (Maybe he meant a birthday next year.) Later, we see Jesse and his wife going to their home in St. Joseph for a good summer day, while Jesse tells him what he wants to do at Christmas time ... but in real life, Mr. Mrs. James James moved to the house on 24 December, 1881 ... so this area should * BE * on Christmas! These errors were completely blocked. <br /> <br /> Some of the fictionalations here have no meaning. According to this film, Northfield's invasion has failed for one reason (fiction) henchman delayed in cutting telegraph wire. If this did not really happen, it would have stopped the getaway of James Gang ... but it didn't affect the theft itself, which failed for another reason. <br /> <br /> There are good displays here with Jeffrey Hunter (like Frank James), Moorehead, Alan Hale Jnr (like Cole Younger) and for actress Marian Seldes in the normal role of the screen. I was disappointed by Robert Wagner, usually the beatings down. In addition, Wagner has proved its amazing variety by convincing them to show heroes, criminals and unethical characters. Here, he can not seem to determine whether it shows Jesse James as goodie or baddie ... so he's not a lot of worry. John Carradine's phones in his short performance as a jackleg preacher who baptizes Jesse and his wife at their wedding. In fact, Jesse James was baptized as a child and his uncle, a Methodist minister ... but perhaps this second baptism is a planting. <br /> <br /> James James was not Robin Hood. (I doubt that Robin Hood was Robin Hood either, but that's another story.) No single example of Jesse James had ever been in contact with anyone more than his family. After some of his owners, he had no split swag with his group. In this movie, Jesse gets armed down after promising to offer his bandit forever. In fact, the night before his death, Jesse James and Ford brothers stole a horse which Jesse planned to spend the next day in the bank robbery of Platte. As preparations for his great downturn, Jesse James stole horses from local farmers ... poor people who (in the wrong story) thought they were benefiting from his freedom. I jumped to one place here, which Jesse James emerges feels so good that he does not accept the oil painting that shows nudes for beauty. True stories (not a lot!) Of Jacob Jacob 'is a deception on the killer of the killer, and they are also innocent of the Civil War. For a very amazing job, one beautiful montage and a few turns acting good, I will beat the rate of this untrue 2 movie showing 10.
