Before giving the Spike Lee's films of SUMMER OF SAM you should strengthen it well, I would do one thing clear. I do not see this film because of a lot of aggressive and inappropriate images. What makes this film anonymous is the fact that Lee seems to believe that SUMMER OF SAM should be taken seriously as a social lift drama. For example, Quentin Tarantino's films are full of violence, dirt, and other sleaze, but they still look very much because Tarantino is not trying to adopt these films as community works. He knows that these films are just for entertainment. On the other hand, great dramas such as Saving the PRIVATE RYAN and SCHINDLER'S LIST are often not recommended to watch, but unpleasantness serves to develop a plot of film with characters, and the ultimate goal to get the audience to participate with the story and characters on screen. SUMMER OF SAM, unfortunately, just blows to sensationalism and reduces it, believing that it is like a social definition, such as other garbage garbage. SUMMER OF SAM is not used as a big drama because its characters are just a cardboard disc. His plan suggests that the emotional impact of Sam's Son kills on residents of northern Italy-North north of Bronx where the killings have occurred. However, instead of presenting the public to a different mix of people, Lee strikes out of improper Italian prejudice. Men are goombahs malware and ignorant, lazy. Women are divided among the “uncomfortable” girls (Mirai's Mira Sorvino of Dionna) and uncomfortable “bad girls” (Ruby Jennifer Esposito). Lee looks voluntarily wants to "pay" Hollywood for their negative African years and America voting for distracting out of her own opinion, and a few critics seem to care. If Martin Scorsese, for example, presented the residents of the African and American neighborhoods as a group of Amos and N and Aunt Jemima, the critics will say the right to vote. More importantly, one of the characters, who do not have the opinion, undermine any film that tries to be a great social definition. <br /> <br /> Without exception, cast to SUMMER OF SAM is excellent. However, acting, for the most part, is not recommended to work. Sent is either just through the path, or they have no small function and scriptwise. Additionally, there is a notable miscasting. John Leguizamo's player is very talented, but Vinny's character seems to be a stale coalition, the Tony Manero comediki of John Travolta from Monday's NIGHT. And Michael Badalucco, a "good" player, is known as defendant David Berkowitz, better than the scary. The only function that requires paying attention is Adrien Brody as a concern, but sincerely, the neighbor misfit Ritchie. The performance of Brody and the most common movie shows of Lee are the only film films. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 out of ****
