After hearing the oral word how this film is bad I hit and bought a DVD. That said everything that was mentioned earlier about this film is true. For a film claiming to have a budget in millions do not only show screens. The list of problems and films could ever be fun. Chief among them is just a very long film. It was hit for a few minutes 3 hours. Nearly an hour could be cut off when the flight had just removed the scope of events without anything more then the main character rotates regardless. Second, as many have said from "tractors", special effects are nothing but special. These trips were well seen in a few shots here and there but more than that everything was the quality of Z's 1970 or 1980s. Perhaps the worst results were the horses, which had emerged rapidly and returned as they moved. The heat effects of the sun were impressive, as people were reduced by bones that somehow were still able to cancel without any muscles. Also sad was the sequence of Rain, where the Wind, described in the book as an ironclad bone, had no such thing. Instead it was the same as the Destroyer of World War 1, perfect with a gun (which expelled but it had no visible staff), and the roots of torpedo. <br /> <br /> colors and backgrounds were very bad as harmful. The worst of all was the place where his attitude and his wife went at night and told Mars to heaven. Well, the sky is black, but the views of the characters and the surroundings are around it. There is also a strong stability between the true environment, the shower of the sun, and the black sky of the night and the many fuzzy stars. To prevent even more, the color of the events did not know. For some it burst into orange light. For other light green. In others is still blue light. In some cases the outside is orange lit but inside the house is green or blue. The shape of the shape and camera is very shaky, it gives you everything to watch. <br /> <br /> Finally, acting is a small sum. One person shows two different characters who were the one was not a mustache. This has led to some confusion during who and where they all. The English words, even to the American ears, are a disadvantage. Overall, this film can make a good claim to be the worst film released in recent times. I have not seen Gigli or other recent flops but this, because it is inferior to every respect, it must be worse then anything that Hollywood puts out. I can't be surprised if the movie makes it less than 10 or 20 in the IMDb title. It is a pity that the Secret of Theater Science is not around.
