* WARNING. INFORMING TO MAKE THE PRODUCTION, DEVELOPING. Well, the basic base of this home film of Texas is: Children's college + spoouse + magic book = strong objects. In practice, it is similar to a lot of time to look at the clock to see how long this movie will continue. A group of male boys, as well as female lovers and volunteers, are introducing a haunted house of love. The project is managed by a totally defensive attitude, whose main purpose seems to have words and physically attacking many members thrown as possible. I had a hard time believing that anyone could even try to work with this person for any power: he was nothing but bad and bad for everyone, including his girlfriend and his friend. Regardless, the children are visited by the local character and the annual champion of the spear "Sauce Jack", an old coot who is described as "Santa Claus of Halloween", and who gives us the burden of props to the house, including the book that is mentioned. very much in the prologue of the most irritating (where the gaggle of pastoralists have been turned into dry). Of course, a stupid ignorant person begins to publish the book, and most of the most expensive heads turn into reality, and a few ordinary people should try and live. There are good things in this film, but not much: everything is shot well, and the effects of makeup are suitable. On the other hand, artists may be taking, or very harmful; A lot of the plot does not mean a bit out of "this happens so possible" series; there are no music tracks any songs, tracks only in all films; and the movie takes an hour to get anywhere. The last problem is to tell them more: two-thirds of the 90-minute run is used to repeat the characters regularly. Tom is a good boyfriend with Heidi, a controlling leader, but he was still up to Jill, who is now playing with Dan jerk, but has started to associate Kira girl who has wearing many shawls / capes. Dan is a very big jerk, Gary loves to play jokes, and Steve & Lily like to have multiple sex. Items that can be dealt with easily in 20 minutes or so are drawing and continuing, until the "sex" of the lesbians (quiet, delicious) has left me looking for a fast forward button. It leaves us with a half-hour horrible-calorie, the end of the clunky and the great hatred of the Jack, who I blame for the whole mess. Unless you can get this for some type of rental lease (and you have actually seen everything else in the shop), keep it on the shelf and keep looking.
