I truly believe that anyone who takes into account the decisions of the film will face the failure of this mind. As the "film" of Edward Wood, Jr. in the '60s' and 70's, this film is a good example of why the real filmmakers develop a lot of writing writing, revise their films, and fix their special effects until they finally look the same. This movie is also a good argument for the pre-screening process. If Mr. Hines had to tolerate the impression of the unreasonable audience, perhaps he would use 75% or walk walks and edit this movie for 90 minutes to carry. The film students should see this film as an example of how dangerous to think their work is "good enough" could actually be. Each performance, every line of dialogue, every digital effect, every filter effect, in fact every video frame shows the risk of striving for freedom only. The musician can try to think of "At least I have done something" or "Finishing this will be a success". This film will help them understand how the film will not turn properly. Critics can also benefit from watching this film before posting the latest recreational recreational "movie bad". The original writers can learn from this film just how important records, and perhaps understand the importance of rewrites. Also, the beginning of directors can learn the importance of the GOOD screenplay, and the level of respect for how difficult it is to write a script which prompts viewers to feel emotionally forced through the story. Authors and directors who look at the bad movies of the week and think “I can do better than That” can see the idea from this film how hard it is to produce even good results. I believe in the fact that this film can be used as an educational tool to create a film. Especially those who enter the trick in the current situation of Lucas and after Spielberg. There are reasons for filmmakers such as these are pronounced with their potential and special effects. World War makes it clear that not everyone can remove it. Others cannot even come close to it.
