I probably give this credit more than it deserves because it is Halloween, I was only in the "Farm Farm of Knary" and I had a sense of watching a real movie of Halloween. <br /> <br /> Oh, and it's just cost me one dollar. Normally I would like to go through a movie like this to get "good things," but I refused to encourage here and still don't know why. It was obvious from this opening shots was not a real "movie", even a movie B. It is more than a "Deggote" video of DeCoteau as "The Brotherhood" being hit on a video-watching video for about 50 cents (in fact, half I was afraid one minute one of his university students would be bragging himself in his bottle or something. There were no run shots (too expensive to make many sets of cameras) and flat lights but ... it's hard to think. There is something comforting about looking at the director without money to erase the semi-honor movie. The fact that he does even half the work of respect is good, and this movie has a part of the reputation - acting is not bad, photography is good (if it is very sharp to be scary), there is some surprise, and the whole thing is kind of ... different in some way. The group of college students is (for an unknown reason) stuck in a warehouse where they haunted an annual house. An older person gives them a book of the devil and they call them to ruin the power of hell. This leads to the most expensive people in the haunted house that have been held to be, causing many problems and pain of mankind. The way we are treated with a good discussion of gender partners - it is interesting that these couples seem to be more beautiful on the film. Yes, there is a sex area but not salacious - or at least no more than you get in any legit movie about lesbians that shows them to have sex. It is not unusual for an awesome film to take time and effort to do so without using cheap exploitation. Another thing about this was my interest was how easy it was to try to imitate "stupid children to have sex and be killed" vibe of 80 slashers. It is difficult to take this because there are many films that are already available, that kind has already died. I do not know whether it is good or bad that these filmmakers have just tried to enter another sort, without feeling, if it was still a kind of life, but I appreciated the attempt. Which is why I'm sitting that way; sometimes you just want to look no matter, there is no budget, a "-to-quest" film. In fact there was too much, not enough for a year, endless holes, last holes and clichés and feel the unfortunate movie that had no money back to be a film that producers thought ... but at least The haunted houses were pretty cool. I would like to pay to the haunted house if there is, and she didn't mind paying a dollar to see it on the DVD even if I never see it again. <br /> <br /> Oh, and ** it is possible to spoiler **, but there was a good business, short and a vampire girl in a coffin: "I was claustrophobic but I have changed it." Ha ha, good.
