A few of the critics have given this film for good views. I don't want to resist their views, but I disagree strongly. When I saw this film I was first impressed. But after comparison with other films, especially with late master, Bruce Lee I quickly changed my mind. In fact, if not in the name of the film, I could never buy it. Death 2 game does not relate to the original Death game, (except with one character, Billy Lo.) <br /> <br /> I was surprised to see how similar the game of Death 2 compared to Enter the Dragon. Similar plots: Bruce Lee and Bobby Lo are all required to take revenge on relatives. Two sites are identical, both of which are unique and surrounded by thousands of Blackbelts. There is an aspect of adultery in both films (women are taken to two guest rooms in both films). Both Han (Enter dragon) and Lewis's player are not supported. They are the operation of underground drugs in Enter the dragon, believe it or not, there is one in the game of death 2. Han has a cat cat in Enter the dragon, the director has used his imagination and acquired Lewis and a pet monkey! The list continues. <br /> <br /> About other aspects of the film, like the script and acting, I felt it was very poor. It seemed to me that the director was looking for a group of military artists to shoot the stars in the film and pray they could act. <br /> <br /> At a good rate, I can't deny that the choreography is amazing. Although the fighting system has strong elements of the circulation in them, it is not less effective to do. However, if the plot is not enough, I cannot involve the characters, so the fighting cycle was more than a show rather than a film. In conclusion I will say this film is proposed by military fans, but for those who enjoy a solid film, with good stories and powerful characters, I can't recommend this film. My view towards this film may seem attractive on one side, but Bruce Lee put a new rate on the military movie, especially after his masterpiece: Enter the dragon, this film could not increase to these levels. If anything they typed the image of a brilliant political film, hoping to achieve the same level of popularity. In the memory of my review, the award for this film is very difficult among 10, the film is a barley that can look at, and must be grateful that it has made it fight.
