This 'last' Bruce is still called Billy Lo (get? Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee? No) But apart from it, it's all the same with another movie. Billy doesn't seem to be an actor again. He seems to be in another country. He is more than a spy. He is the only member who has been beaten back and sadly, they kill him to make a new character, his brother, Bobby. Sadly, when Bruce dies, this movie dies with him. This was very bad. It seemed as if they were writing a script as they photographed. Footage works for a while (not very obvious for the first time) but recently Bruce is always displayed in the dark all the time (he makes light on one point with no other visible reason to hide the fact that it's not Bruce playing part). Unfortunately when he dies a movie. I can't help but wonder if they were movies when they were writing and could also have planned to keep Bruce alive, but later decided to kill him because it would not plausible like Bobby does not appear until Billy is dead. It is difficult to change the half-leadership behavior on the film and Bruce is a hard act to follow it so hard now accept Bobby as a star. Bruce is no longer available in this film. I think they should make this pastor without Bruce plays a major role in this movie. People who expect to see a new Bruce Lee film will be disappointed to see that although they have been given a high bills, they have only an opportunity. Even the worst movies are at least one memorable. If there is little about these filmmakers they seem to talk, it's the place where Billy is fighting the nursery. In amazingly it does not even use Bruce Lee Footage. Remember, they did so by more persuasive in Leaving No No Volunteering. No one of the other executives here has ever done anything else to be remembered. Bruce (Colleen Camp) is never mentioned. I advise it to remove Bruce as soon as he completes his letter to his brother. There is nothing else in the movie to watch. I felt sad to see Bruce die. I don't see how a small movie planned like this can get enough money to use pictures from the Insert dragon. This was the cheapest way to try money in the name of Bruce. Then this and the original are characterized in Bruce's film. Thanks so far, nobody tried anything like this again. 1981 was the appearance of the last Bruce film. It was a sad way to finish, but thanks to this is evidence that the work of Bruce's film should be left alone.
