There is a lot of stupid time in the 'death tower' / 'death game' which you wonder if it's spoof. Sometimes, I felt I was looking at another Kung Kung player instead of Bruce Lee's film. By being honest, this film includes all about the 'Game of Death'. If anything, it is more than just monitoring / modifying the 'Enter dragon', including many aspects of the film - especially the real footage. Bruce Lee's behavior Billy Lo (looks) examines the sudden death of his friend and meets a piece of film left by the man's daughter. When the body was stolen during the funeral (!), Billy was also killed and is about his brother who lost his vengeance on the death of men. <br /> <br /> Tong Long Stars as Bobby Lo Lo and treasure truly kind of charisma bear film. His ability to fight is very good however. Bruce Lee certainly returns thanks to (again) deleted only foot-money footage on inheritance. Saying that, in general, the footage is actually modified-in better than in the 'Game of Death' but it doesn't stop the film being aggressive. Well, so the struggle is really very entertaining (dare to say mind-blowing) and make the film at least appear. But there is a lot of daft of this film that examines your patience. First off, there is a woman who thinks who lives on her luxury property ... or is that a mental institution? In large quantities, nutrients eat raw meat, drink pigs, carries a monkey on his shoulder and possess monkeys and lions (?!). This attempt to make him appear to be tough and intelligent makes you feel sympathetic - you half expect someone to take him to his room. In fact, this part of the middle is bad and when the area involved with the naked actor and the lion's suit came to me. However, I have completed the film and I was so excited about the fact that the battlefield toward the end (such as 'GOD') was the perfect reason for looking. When the story is shy, this action is very good and has a good choreography. But even the last desire if solid was anything to go. What we were told was that 'The Tower of Death' was an underground and underground floor. This seemed good, like distorting the original idea of ​​Bruce Lee with different styles of fighting each level. What? This could be the 'Game of Death' which was originally planned? No! The film should be called the "death room of the death" because it is far from the tower continues. Of course, there were one or two different styles ... ... there were fingers on the skin, the skin of the skin and the stupid monk. It is like entering the dragon has never been made, and the plot is to imitate the poor. You should look once for a quick fight, but so sometimes it may be ridiculous. If this was the intention, then it is good. The top pieces, however, to restore the project room area from 'Enter dragon'.
