I would like to start by saying that it is not a fan of anime (and a few special ones), and I usually have a low opinion of so-called otakus, since they are very fond of and their paintings are writing every star-colored film, color The big eyes like the work of art without even considering the most important things, such as the plot. And no better movie of anime represents this split between otakus and people with real taste than this elegant piece of garbage, Fatal Fury: Picture Motion. <br /> <br /> As shown through the eyes of the mirror, non-ignorant of otaku, there is little to find fault in Fury Fury - there is a lot of Japanese-y humor, duels directly, some "amazing time" , and everything is good offered. But everyone will be unlocked by a set, which can be predicted by the characters, who can be predictable, to the end, predictable. The love of love is very fond of - the area where Sulia "cures" Terry is obviously wanting to be a time of mercy, but it is very difficult to be thrown into the spirit of giddy laughter and great humor of it. And of course, Fury Fury is not mandatory of the cartoon T & A - this is provided freeously by mother-breasted Mai Shiranui. And since Fatal Fury IS has put off a series of video games (oh boy), we are recognized by a lot of non-popular characters in a short or no sense of any conspiracy (they use all the problems of introducing Kim earlier, just for it disappear from the cinema completely after that action). Suddenly this movie is approaching its climax to the final defeat of the deliberate war, where all actors share the great woman with all the power to fight directly. That is something that worries them all the time ... even when war in nature is not done in the competition, it always happens as they were, regardless of the fact that it does not mean anything! Otakus always loves about how anime movies should be treated like the MOVIES as opposed to just cartoons, and the worries of those people love Fatal Fury. So Is Fury Fury been good if it was not a anime? The answer is "no" to emphasize - all of the charm of this film, which is a bit of what it does, stays on real drawings. It had Fury Fatal not a anime, it would deserve a part of the Secret of Scientific Secret of 3000, if the show was still on air. That's the key - this is nothing more than a movie B-laughably bad in the shadow of the epic anime. If you are a fan of bad movies that they are really entertaining, consider hiring Fury Fury (or wipe on Sci-Fi channel), it is certainly one of them. If you are otaku, please make UP and realize that 90% of the items you expect are trash. As for everyone else, buy a Dreamcast and Fury Fury: Mark's Wolves, but don't think even see this movie.
