The man of Wicker, with the star Nicolas Cage, is not a good movie, but I can say that it's one I regret to look at. I would like to keep on going on the bad things of movies, like the worst acting and long-term events where the Cage looks at the girl, has a stick, followed by another reminder, followed by a series of dreams- and venue, etc. comes to a film like this. Instead, here are five reasons you should look at a Wicker Person, although it's bad: <br /> <br /> 5. It's hard to deny that it has a really creepy idea, the only problem is in its good, insensitive. If there is nothing, this is a film that can encourage you to see the original 1973 film, or even read a short story that is installed. <br /> <br /> 4. For the worst / thriller fear, it's really interesting. It is very clear that it has been done in the area instead of using a green screen or defining sets, so we see a very good environment. There are also many shots including. It's a very good movie. <br /> <br /> 3. Nicolas Cage is not a very actor if he is a natural force. If you are a fan of her or not, it looks like it is impossible for Cage to play "ordinary person". There is always some kind of representation or nerdiness she brings to the characters she plays, and personally, I am always fascinated by looking at any movie she does. If Nicolas Cage is good or awesome, he always brings his unique energy into play, and he can't wait to look. He is awesome in the Wicker Man, but in the most extraordinary way of the way. The student may probably write a paper on the film, because it seems to be the most bitter movie of the anti-female that has been made. "See?" you can write, "this is what happens when women are allowed to run the community!" Also, the similarity of this "Summersisle" community and the colony of bees is very interesting and valued. If you are reading this, it is likely that you have seen a very popular YouTube video: a collection of "highlights" from the film, including a Cage running around a suit, and of course, it's bad "YOUR AAGHH !! !! MY MEETINGS!" line. These events occur out of context, they are still funny when they look at the full film. I bought a DVD used on Blockbuster for $ 5 ... when you are doing the job, it's about dollars because. It's a good deal. Note: The Unrated version of the movie is best to see, and it is best to watch the Theatrical version for its little added epilogue, which emerges from James Franco.
