Sometimes laughter in the midst of a terrible film is a symbol of its greatness. I remember nervous laughter from the audience in the release of The Exc rush ?? laughter of fear. It showed how we all came from looking at the voice of Satan from a 12-year-old girl. In the 2006 tribal tribal case of 1972, Wicker Man, however, has made me think that this new Wickerman is on horrible as a South American character. Park, Scuzzlebut, forest forest forest and Patrick Duffy's television for foot and celery cord for hand which is a favorite hobby is weaving wicker baskets. 3 years ago my friend in Hollywood told me that when she heard that Nicolas Cage was doing make a remake of the film. I started laughing with my friend (Keith) who loved me very much and said Nicolas Cage as a good actress. I just didn't think he could remove it and unfortunately for the cinema leaders I was right. Lack of truth, original music, nature, happiness and very powerful discussion. Instead we have the feelings of fearful movies, which are involved and changing the story of a story that makes any trust fall. Like most of the many remake phones that we have been destroyed and soon this feels like we are looking for the fourth graders on the playground "Play Wickerman". The original film is being held in the Scottish Isle remote area where Scotland police officer is missing there looking for a little girl named Rowan Morrison. In the new army of California (Cage) he is attracted to the state of Washington state and his former partner to find his daughter. He sends pictures with the lost daughter looks exactly like a little girl tried to save in a fire accident not long ago. The fall is still hating partly because the girl's body has never been found. However, after receiving a letter and a photograph in it that the relationship has been set aside as he directs north, alone, to help his old girlfriend find his wife. He comes to find an island full of actors claiming to be the descendants of the Wiccans, many of whom appear to have never returned to the roles in the village. And if the Village is not long before realize there is nothing to fear here. There are no sisters with blind people who say together. I think the opportunity to be in Hollywood to make a lot of money on the film often comes at great cost to crafts. I think someone like Nicolas Cage who is in many films these days lose touch that the film can be when it gets until he has a chef on the set to put his march. We needed a bad Wickerman recovery if we needed a '9-11' film. I begin to wonder if Nicolas changed his name from Coppola because he wanted to or because he had been trained to do so.
