If Edward Woodward was watching this film then he would shout. I think folks but enough is enough. We got the Carter, Job of Germany, Alfie and now this. What? What are the similarities? No. It is not unfortunate that three natural stars Maurice Micklewhite and other stars are a good British actress. The most common ingredient in these backgrounds is English film. They were not made to impress Hollywood. They were English quirky movies with a unique charm that could not be imported into the United States. The word is SING and it is the best way to destroy the worship film than to destroy it and remake or even good. Wicker 06 had a hard work before it even hit the road. Wicker 73 is even more obvious that other films have worship; makes nature, mind labels, grade actors, music marks, pieces of tips and all-around the film. So here comes the remake. Don't worry. There are no harmful effects during this restructuring. Some of the main features of the story should be revised for modern USA - communications, pagan, widows. But that's on the whole premise. So we give him the name of Nam's style has been completed and the shock of the shock shock for cheap advertising. Then without a mobile phone call on an island that differs from communication - but in this real world this will not happen. Cops are not missing. Give her a blood component for motivation rather than contradict faith and remake. Wafer thin though, isn't it? <br /> <br /> It's all that was set by string. The name change was just a hammy, almost to continue, there was no community meaning on the island, no city center to capture your professions, just a few houses with forest and that was. Willow was just angry for taking any news at all and Cage was useless to let him leave with it. When he went to the well he knew he would hide it. Screenplay was a sign until the last way - and you just wanted to quickly and end. Epilogue was completely hilarious and does not know when to stop. <br /> <br /> That end is probably the best way to shorten the difference between the two. One stops in the most beautiful sun after a terrible day. Another expires and after production to describe-every-to-the-thickies sort of conclusions. I loved nature but I went to the movies with an open mind and I was glad to see the film. I gave thanks to knowing that this film might end up on the road somewhere just this time of mercy forever forgotten.
