Another person who has said badly about this film has done a better analysis why this film is very dangerous to blood. I'm not going to comment, but the film is very fast, with the author / director. So I must shoot my hat to join the wassayers. I saw the nature of the "Wicker Man" and I loved the music of the music, stability, paganism in the modern world, and the contradiction of religious beliefs. This has said, I am not part of a crowd that you think to restore great movies should not be done. For example, I liked the 1950s of the "Partial Body Attack", but also enjoyed the restructuring of 1978. All films can stand alone. Another example is "The Thing". The original, as the camp looks like compared to today's standards, has a lot to boast in 1982 remake and Kurt Russell (my favorite movie at all horror movie). So a minority of people who like "Wicker Man" do again can not accuse me for losing this piece just because it's re-doing. This video has reinforced me with Neil LaBute's sex and bad behavior. It also made me know how executives, wanting to make a big thriller, would be a light green product that is anti-female. There are many cases of Cage hitting women just because she has been disappointed with them to convince her of her missing girl. could he respond like this off the island when the suspects did not come? The foundation formed a society in which men and women are equal members of the religion of God. The threat to the main character came from everyone, male and female. There was no gender leadership. The bee colony, drones etc. was very handy and easy ("drone should be!"), especially when the Cage character has loads of bees. I continued to wonder why men on the island did not fight and use only physically to stop these women from treating them as strokes. These were not women with special powers, and half of them seemed to be pregnant, half of the fat and fat, and other girls and whites of thin colors, so if men really wanted to escape they could do what most men do when they hate women. Physically leads them. It didn't seem to have a gun or more weapons to cut the tools to hold them if they were unhappy. But if they were happy to be drones, why not make them unable to talk? They can be used as a threat to Cage because they will protect the community. They are drones because Neil LaBute seems to believe that the sponsored community of women will leave with the excluded people. (That film was made ready. "Stepford women" any?) Common signs from men who are afraid of what might happen if women get sh * t and were the same citizens. The problem with the society of women who are interested is that it makes them look at unpleasant movies and makes senseless humor when Cage begins to knock women out. What LaBute's beliefs should leave the society to be one of the equality, held the sexuality and uninterrupted destruction, and pushing the disruption bonds with children on the island. No one likes children or children to have sex. So how would the fighters react if he saw the bad acts done by adults and children around? There will be a sense of mind that these children are being abused, so, a emergency designed to save a lost child and get help for all children. LaBute said he created a thread of stories with a daughter to give the characteristic of Cage motivation to seek. I don't think you need it. Any child who is treated will make the adult call them to save. The anger of course will be that Cage child "saves" eventually brings death. The discussion was made by the camp. The third task was hilarious. The audience saw it in guffawed (and later it was hit at the end). I thought that the movie began to deteriorate when the letter was written to the author of the concepts and all the keys of the refusal to show how the injured Cage is. We don't need that. Show us to get to the island by observing the lost child. Many of us in America have seen "Laws and Procedures" and other police procedures. We come to the film as we are a partner of Cage solving the mystery. It's great! Neil LaBute, close to the headlines to talk to people who enjoy your angst-ridden male games and flicks of that kind. Stay with your company. Leave refreshment for people who understand exciting. Here is your jar of honey. I'll look at that.
