Usually when I write a movie review online, it's for one third reason. In addition, I have found a lot of something in the film that would otherwise be better, I feel that the public view of the film before seeing is correct for a number of reasons, or I believe that the purpose or message of the film needs to be explained or explained by the help of other critics. Although all these factors may appear to be bad, I have found that writing a review that has not lost anything except attributes and attributes like, "This is one of the best films of all time!" Many give the idea of ​​why the movie is very good, which should be the first step of review. Since he said, the World War is nothing more than a quick, improper attempt to make money; The piggy-supportive of his worst ambition in a multi-million-dollar advertising campaign named by Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD in anticipation of the summer blockbuster and many more poor people will buy it for more material in one lesson. This movie is not "very bad" that becomes interesting or interesting, rather than viewers will be very disappointed to reach the point of anger. Now with many insults out of the way, let me give other points as a warning to those who are more lucky than I <br /> <br /> Looking from the cover and lack of any of this film (I found it as a SAM club for 8 bucks), I thought that the cast will have no names and that special effects will not be something very interesting. See. This is not a great deal for me, if I get a big budget and self-esteem on the big name of the name and SE can reduce the suitable movie. I also did not expect to be knocked out of good conversation or moving logo. Look again. What I hoped was a great attempt in the tribal lands and a few alien events. Now, according to the IMDb policy all characters should be announced in advance, no matter how small, so here is the right warning. The movie opens for a lot of discussions, followed by an observation trip to see a red shop. To a large extent, they are pictures of red circles on the pipe. It is very difficult to describe any matter in detail, but at the end of the first ten minutes, a combination of shaky camera functions, published events, and LOT walks begin to distract the viewer. However, the high cost is not so bad and hope that the pods reveal something hidden is going on. The next 30 minutes basically goes as follows: one of the main characters walks on one of the pods, he looks at the pods and speaks to another major character about watching the pod and can be hot. Both are going back to the city. These steps are not two seconds or are added so that the discussion can be changed. They are twenty seconds or more and there is only a mixture on the movie that is already hit three hours. In a particularly unusual area, the main character is displayed by looking at the pod, and then displayed by ping and panting, then it looks a pod, then takes a minute to walk through the field to the city, then comes to the city and goes into the building, then has a coffee cup and says "thank you Mary" for a lost slave who serves coffee, then puts down the coffee and walks out of the building, then walks a minute through the field and back to the pod. I apologize for the run of the run, but maybe it's the best way to shorten all this film. The viewers say for too long about common things, they walk very much, they send other people to walk, the cameras switch between high speed and slow speed, but with great effect, just the camera's camera is sophomore on Tech somewhere. The layout is bad-minded. People's actions don't feel emotion. For example, when the professor goes home to the farmer and says that he needs a farmer to give him a trip to the city, the stutters of the farmer and the feet close. When the professor says that there is a powder and that men can be inserted into it, the farmer binds him in the shed just to see the professor took the coffee and opened the weak water later. There is no real result from this whole area, as the professor runs in the main character over time so that they can start walking in the daytime. The whole film feels like someone at one time had a good idea on making a film, but absolutely no idea how to put it in motion. I have seen the best video production of high school. Finally, the special effect is laughable and does nothing to advance the story. I feel that the director wanted this film to be a certain amount of cult worship. However, it is very serious in technical issues, and with common sense that makes people become mad. Avoid this film at all costs.
