I recently saw the revival of Broadway's "Blithe Spirit" with Angela Lansbury, Rupert Everett, Christine Ebersole, and Jayne Atkinson. It's a bright production, and shows what good actors can do and play which is not less than perfect. Angela Lansbury is very funny as Mrs. Arcati. <br /> <br /> Perhaps it was a mistake, then, look at the version of the movie to play with star Rex Harrison. Movie has no energy or laughter of good production action. "Blithe Spirit" is probably one of these things that make it better and thrown to live, in a full audience of people who come to laugh. Vendors can delete, give them touch and links to their performance and delivery of lines, and share viewers at a private level that you cannot enter into a cinema, or a DVD showing, where the audience separates from the story and "Fourth Wall." Stories: Charles Condomine (Rex Harrison), a successful writer, lives with his wife Ruth (Constance Cummings) in a home in English. To find out about his next book, a book that speaks of a common situation, Charles invites Mrs. Arcati (Margaret Rutherford, taking her place from the original London's 1941 production), in the middle of the local spiritual, on her home to hold a meeting. Charles believes that the spirit is sham, but he expects to take "business tricks." But then, Mrs. Arcati brings the spirit of Elvira (Kaye Hammond), Charles's first wife, who died to pneumonia seven years ago. Elvira refuses to leave, and develops competition for mate and Ruth on Charles (hard with the fact that Charles can only see or hear Elvira). At the stage, administrators can provide displays that invite you to laugh in this situation. But on the screens, executives in "Spirit Blithe" burst through the lines if they don't know that anyone hears them. They cause the planned lines to laugh in action. The exhibition of Harrison, Cummings, and even Kaye Hammond is flat and lifeless. Margaret Rutherford alone seems to have taken his humor and humor as Mrs. Arcati. The visual effects of winning in the film are unsuccessful - not just for today's standards, but for 1946 levels! They include more Kaye Hammond walking around the fluorescent green dress and preparation, photographed in a special lighting to make her act like a glowing spirit. <br /> <br /> Viewer of the cinema deserves credit for creative lighting. But compare the negative effects of the visual "Blithe Spirit" with real impressive effects in the "South Song" of Disney - which deserved to be awarded the same year. In "South America," humans and characters with animation share the screen without minutes at a time. Compared to "South," Oscar that "Blithe Spirit" received for special effects was not quite worthy. At any rate, I can just encourage you to get the Broadway's playback with Angela Lansbury before you close. As for the film by Rex Harrison, call.
