Should you just love the same opening guide as the "Seven Women for Satan"? During the intro there is a naked girl runs through the forest, chased by a hunting dog and a bad dude to look at the horse, until he falls under the rock and burst his head open over the rock. Then the camera faces the face of a guy and we see how he sits behind the desk when his secretary is waiting to sign other papers. "Oh sorry, I had lost my mind?" then he says! Sweet, I hit again another movie of the exhibition. Even if you understand only the French and look at the original headline, you immediately know that "seven women to Satan" have nothing to do with Satan or worship sacrifices, but only takes into account the rest of the fire counting mentality and mentality at the end of the weekend theirs. That is true, another strange difference on the amazing action of "The Game Dangerous Game" about the hobby of the worries of the hunting people? preferably naked honeycombs - in the sports forest. Indeed in fact, this is more than just the 1932 classic, as the author / director / actress Michel Lemoine had the influence of direct linking to the leslie banks 'story villas' in the "most dangerous games". Numbers Zaroff thinks it is the first son of Zaroff's calculation but he shared his own island to a foreign country of France. He is also unable to work again, so he is an office clerk from Monday to Friday and a murderer at the weekend. Zaroff is a real weirdo who builds about playing with a dead woman but actually runs his car on those who live. Her farmer immediately promised to prevent Zaroffs to kill, but he certainly does a good job. There is no detail in the screens and certainly no attention to the suspension status or bad situation. Actually, the most important thing to do during this film is to count girls who have been attracted to Zaroff's trap and hope they will reach seven quickly. Half of the film is a trivial and triggering scene, like the most drum-acting act that the image turns into a black boy (???), and the other half of the psychedelic sleaze which eventually grows even though all girls are watching ravishing. . I have the impression that it is interested in Michel Lemoine to imitate his Jean Rollin pal and make a delicious sexual krilly-thriller. "Seven Women to Satan" is a French production, so it is also advisable to star Franc Franco Howard Vernon ("The Awful Dr. Orloff", "Zombie Lake"). Lemoine certainly has the appearance of a killer of things, but not a talent to show one.
