1930 'was the golden age of Los Angeles and its film industry and possibly the most likely to be rich and famous and happy. The people had arrived there expecting to fulfill their dreams. Expecting open arms and invite available there were only a few who managed to succeed and find their way of skill, many then judged to live hungry, damaged and unwanted, seeking with little respect in dirty bars and bad hotel rooms. The Italian and American writer Arturo Bandini arrives to LA on the same effort - to spread his craft around to get one of the rich women and write a good novel that would put it on the way to work, so far written one short story published in anthical anonymous. He wants to create a romantic masterpiece that he seems unable to produce anything without getting himself though, from time to time, he sends magazine stories to a local editor that helps him live. He is proud of his commitment as Italian but deep inside his heart feels its Italian nature as a burden. The little money and courage to conquer the world he had had gone a long time and watched his dream turned into a hangover with one end of the nickel. Coffee brought him cool and mixed with shaking a curse on triggering an endless relationship of insults, an unfounded excuse and a love that is hidden below. Camilla is a young woman who does not learn to try US citizenship through marriage also carries a heavy cross-legacy inheritance. Although he is a strong man with experience in his life as a beautiful Mexican woman is very difficult to deal with than Arturo can realize. Is it obvious that Arturo finally gets his leadership to work on a novel? Is it possible that their love finally finds its place in the sun? Is it possible that their partner takes the unhappy foot? It's amazing to know that chemistry between the two main characters, made by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell, does not work. The relationship is unacceptable. Hayek though it was not characteristic compared to Farrell forgot the Camilla hand and enthusiasm and the power of his once brilliant character Frida. It is also difficult to have a belief in a behavior that has a mindless but uneducated and inexperienced use. The worst kind of Phil Marlowe would have been similar to Farrell's best, though it seems strange at the time of the dress, it seems to have lost a lot of effort trying to find an unprecedented world of balancing twenty-eight-year-old love of hidden love with a desire to be true to the soul her. <br /> <br /> Feeling ashamed looking at the screen is incorrect. Their relationship may be wild but it is more than thunder and lightning with no storms, apart from real enthusiasm, feelings expressed are not felt. It is very unfortunate that the possibility of this interesting script and good actors disappeared, turned into a recent gray gray.
