It must have been exciting to attend the feast as the shooting continued to fail for the film. Probably Cruise, Exec. Prod., He saw what was happening and had Towne to spend a lot, most parts of the refusal in the final ward then Towne wanted, to make the disaster he saw. (Maybe Cruise even think of "Titanic".) A few things: Colin Farrell can't do his way out of the paper bag. But he is one of the flavors-of-a-decade, the producer of the producer and one is forced to avoid the embarrassment of looking at his film. He has very little time to believe what he is doing and you can see in his eyes. I think he would be better as a film actor, though not rich or famous as he is now, playing a second bananas for the power he can do. The trap of spending a lot of money on time sets, clothing, cars, and al-photography as if they just came from a dry or wash car. No one seems to want anything to appear, well, worn. Or dirty. Is this because the producer was told by the line producer to make sure they did not destroy the items because then the company could pay for damaged items? This was a story about depression - thirty people, not the Disney Broadway music about that time. Would you like to do it in black and white or better colors, given Caleb Deschanel as D.P. your color, and have a color color during a mixture to show some realities and lack of time. It had to be, after all, a little trouble living as these people did, in Depression. More on Farrell. What? Anyone for a while believed this man was a writer? H.L. Mencken on the wall; What? Did I see his eyes gone one time? Hayek and Farrell as a sexual duo of power? Send a boy to work on someone? Perhaps in a book I have not read, the story was about an old woman and a young man. I can't describe the depth in the middle to the last parts of the film because I took it early. But the memory of the events I saw made me think that someone is doing an exciting work of the black movie. Saturday Night Saturday has been like for the past decade: it's not funny. (In my mind I kept thinking of Noah, music and all.)
