Ned Kelly (Ledger), illegal and Australian story. Type like Robin Hood, along with Billy Kid's mix, Australians like the story of how he stood against the imperialist English rule, and connecting low-class Australian classes. The fact that the lower classes of time were around 70% migrant criminals seems to be skimmed next to this film. In fact, very few so-called 'truth' in this film is, for meditation, tad dubious. I think that doubts should be given when, in the opening credit, it claimed that this film depends on the book, 'Our Sunshine'. If there is a true true version of the truth that could be seen in the name of the book, it was. This will not be a historical epic, but it is a combination of one of Ned's many stories, although it is hard and common. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is nothing more than overnlown Hallmark channel 'real music history' wannabe! The story goes together at an alarming rate (surprising because she has never had a planned film!) The feeling of losing after two hours of pure drivel returned to the memory of Wyner Earp's badly costner all years ago. Just set, nothing happens in the film, but it takes a long time to find that thing. This might have been more tad if it could be good if the performances were good (because the course really like the hack was). However, unless you are trying to play the best spot of Oirish, then you will be disappointed. Among them, the game 'Who has a stupid beard? ',' Call back open! '(clue, both are ginger for some reason), and' Australian status' including lion, is the same experience to enter through Hallmark, History Channel, Cognitive Center, and Neighbors when they have a great hangover. Yup, nature comes very much, to fill a lot of time (perhaps a view of arty), the film continues to show shots of useless wildlife, and once all natural species are shown, here is a circus to allow camel and lion (which is used at a time The one fight trying to make us feel more sad for the lion than the people killed. Not one good word can I say about this film. Even the usual rush rush looks ashamed to be here. When one of the views of the characters that there were only two shooting left with him and his pal, I wished I had a gun to hit any film of this film out of my head!
