I can't pass this video message. It is very clear to ignore, and it's disgusting because it has lost its meaning of what it is about. I have not read the novel, but the Pollack film opens with the CIA front-campus in New York, which is broken by two professional murders, led by Max von Sydow, who continues to kill half of the quirky staff members we know and understand. Employees include female-year-old female employees, a long-year-old student who drives a machine when it is a machine (is it a joke?), And, finally, Tina fine who looks from the trainer, knows he is about to be killed, and says, confident, "I don't want to." Von Sydow responds compassionately, "I know." These killings will not be completely expected, angry, unacceptable to anything we know, and an example. It is a cruel place. <br /> <br /> There is quite a way that von Sydow and his midwife can be redeemed. And so it's exactly Pollack tries to make the end. When you kill these innocent innocent people, von Sydow takes sides (because the other side is ready to pay) and killing bad mastermind behind a hard intramural CIA plot. The document turns into a smart, intelligent person. "It is better to live in Europe. Things are not done quickly." Or nothing. I swear I don't do that. Pollack wants us to believe that it is better to be a manslayer than the court office. That's the message. You should write down if you forget. What? You should have what kind of mental illness in order to turn to common values, not to mention common sense, overturned as such? I understand that there are adults who do not like the UN government, even hate it, and who see the plot everywhere, giving knee details to other unknown events. I know that people who think this way exist because I will count some of my close friends. However, for some time this dislikes, this hatred, if it grows stronger, should adopt more politics or ethics and in the area of ​​mental illness. It is not long that we believe that someone who kills people is financially better than a government official. I don't care how to accuse and raise the killer or know how to reach the Louvre on Metro. Anyone who addresses the message needs medication or meditation. I would like to be able to say that production has been completely destroyed as its message, but I can't. Well done. (Somehow it's worse, because it makes the film can't be left out.) Even New York City looks at the photogenic on the screen. And it has been a long time since I thought about New York as a photogenic. Robert Redford is doing a wonderful job of marking the first shock of his behavior and frustration, but then turns into a telecommunications telephony. And, man, it looks so good! Her wardrobe is just the same. Even his inexpensive glasses have been. And his peacoat. Not everyone who can make a jacket of an interesting navy. He looks very good, pig. I want to look like that. I want to wear a denim shirt and tie with a wide range. Faye Dunaway is the same in his role but also not a reliable thing. Does anyone have sex with a man who has just kidnapped him and caught him on a gunpoint? Even if he looked like Redford? Can anyone be affected emotionally if, when this endless relationship is about to end, Redford asked him not to tell anyone about what happened? Cliff Robertson remarkably well. He does one or two very good takes twice. The email messenger is good. Fighting with Redford in a crowded apartment is very choreographed and, at the same time, we do not know exactly how it will turn out, because Redford (the book reader after all) seems to be opposed to the optional voluntary option of this murderer. This is one of the last responsibilities of John Housemann. Shame. He's a magnet on the screen. By the end of his life: a friend gets lost, walking on New York's street, in a place that he had learned throughout his life. Yes, the movie has been killed too much, but I can't ignore this bright, paranoid message. I have a problem with the "Victory of Love" of Leni Riefenstahl. Or his Olympic document where the advertiser is looking at the foot race which Jesse Owens comes in to guide and says ominously, "This Negro is dangerous."
