The good news is a movie made, drawing a Aztec story that is counted and collaborating with the unusual Ztec-American (it is the existing word). The bad news is that he is dead at birth. If Ed Wood has come to retire and teach George Romaro through his "Dead Dead Day," this is what we can come up with. 'Legend of Diablo' is a nutrition for any future revival of 'The Secret of Theater Science 3000!' 'I don't think anyone can even call this' B' phone. Production ethics is so bad that I have been feeling I was looking at a long skit from a different type or back of a 8-mm film of a film made by a group of school children. <br /> <br /> WILA WILA CONTRIBUTORS / TYPES The basic plot line looked attractive enough to give me in lease. The sheriff of the California village finds a box with the Aztec demon and an emergency opens it in an unconscious society. His daughters, one of the fire and one of the individual, the team and the FBI's gringo and priest, try to try again the shadow. At the same time, every zombie area that has ever seen in the previous undead films has been re-installed. These zombies walk more like an elite army of Nutty than the undead! Infrared infrared infections from a demon view are not special? and he / she / it certainly looks very back (as opposed to turning around in front). And the area where the priest loses demons out of the cave in a hurry-motion is wonderful! In fact, it seems to be the effect of comic-though I know it was not! I continued to expect the music of the Benny Hill theme to start playing with a whole bunch of zombies to start dismissing the priest round the coast! In fact Darth Vader / Field of Dreams sounds, the FBI agent becomes quite the opposite. Then again, so it was a lot of this cheese ball! Robert Napton, director and author of the screenplay, should win the SOME thing for this effort! (What about the entry of life, like 'Hollywood 10?') This, now I see, has been tested at a rate of 1.5. I am afraid this may be a tad hospitality! <br /> <br /> What! there is nothing good about this movie? Lindsey Lofaso seems to be very hot as the little daughter of the dead sherifi. This is probably why her close sister (Calvi Pabon) fled home! Fred Estrado is an honorable agent of the FBI. I wonder if Mario Soto, who played with Father Rodriguez, is Mario similar to Soto who hit Cincinnati Reds? If so, he would have to keep up with baseball. In fact, they could do nothing more if they went to the baseball theme and called it 'Demons in Outfield!' If I find out this was really a college-class movie project, I will give you a pardon. It may be good for B or even B + for as long as the group received a throat camcorder back into one college! 'Blair's wizard' project has been shown to be a cool movie, the camp can be made with stripes. 'Legend of Diablo,' though, was not seen to have shoes with OR shoes that worked! It was under budget, small talent, down-everything. The last part - and I mean about the last 10 seconds of the film - it's just a creative or interesting time. <br /> <br /> I paid $ 3.45 this lease. I could use it better on a hamburger!
