One can only assume that Robert Osborne is obliged to give the fun to even the smallest cinema in the TCM library as this would honor him to contemplate the 'beauty' of this "beautiful" film during his introduction when I saw this on a cable TV. Seeing whether any old movie on IMDb gets a 'classic' view from a number of fun girls, I thought there was a great need for a more honest review of this film. This is not your father 'Shop next to the corner'. For all my quibbles and 'Got Got Mail', it still continues this as a remake in almost every way of thinking. For those who have seen the original, mistakes can be more obvious. From one of the most bright to meet the Good sequence I can remember to see (the sad effort of the head for 'humor'), this film comes out of the wrong foot and never is worth again. This 'music' is only worthy as one in a temporary sense. There are distributing music numbers for forgetting once and then there is Judy singing "I don't care" while shaking his hands as if in shock. The Christmas song sings in the shop is probably one of its best numbers here. Miss Garland was wonderful in several music films, but here she looked very bad. The original role was full of June Allyson and Judy are certainly unable to fill the footwear of the former part of Margaret Sullavan. Van Johnson also turns into a bland performance rather than a second Jimmy Stewart type. It leads does not match Stewart / Sullavan chemistry or even Hanks / Ryan. This is a known film (some) notes, but it's not music. It does not seem to be the nature of the work and even feels the need to add another love for the love of Van Johnson's behavior to eliminate things unnecessarily. Remake switch to an original loyalty feature is a hackneyed unit that incorporates an infinite violin. It is amazing to look and it feels like it has been raised from the Company's Third Party and the person with DeLorean and capacitor flux. It's really just because of Keat pratfall. Even the vast area of ​​resolution between the romantic direction is mishandled. After watching both films, you will understand why they said 'Lubitsch Touch' and not 'Robert Z. Leonard Touch'. Avoid this and re-replace the original film or one of Judy Garland's original films unless you are iconoclast who enjoys seeing one of the biggest stars coming down in the world.
