This is just your warning of destruction. It is a sad state of our movies when an improper junk like this is considered "Oscar worthy". <br /> <br /> I divide devices into three levels. The first is the theater. Here the viewer is strong and powerful resting in the actor's presentation and, most importantly, by the author's power. A good sports player is better than a good photo writer because he knows the best way to better. Best playback performances know how to create images that cannot be displayed. In this middle, the weak author can be used, but the viewer is not sitting at the same time at all. For the film, the environment can take on the characteristics of visual and meaningful poems as well as write with power. Additionally, the film can run things of the day as sound and color in ways that are almost surreal. The last level is literary. In this context, everything is considered by the author, translated on paper, then reflecting again with the reader. More information can be entered in novel than shown by the film label. This is why changes can be increased, but never less. The text has never been better than the original film (see several dime-books in your book store), where the film cannot convey the same power as the original book (Catch-22 and LotR). Movies can be used regularly in games and games can be made in movies. <br /> <br /> For 'Photo File', it fails. It is a film that should be connected to the action because the director is very foolish to shoot anything right. The characters speak the same way and act the same, it is nothing good. Add it to the voicemail voice and you have an unknown film. I saw this in a class of high school and almost a class of 20 others who fled the Thespians. The teacher was angry about how the movie was sad. What sad it is that such retirement work is considered to have led when the material itself is hilarious. If this was the color of the incidence of weakness, the pool party, and the old hooker would be considered a great comedy. See what Lucas did with the 'Graffiti of the United States' a few years later. The US secondary education system needs to start teaching the film instead of trying to teach and film. Two film photography power: Apocalypse Now and Barry Lyndon. Rely on them, not this. It's 'Last' I want to see it. 1 out of 5.
