It is very difficult for me to say, because I have been very pleased with the "Goals" and "Monthly Paper", but I thought "Photo Gallery" was a very interesting but engaging film. Its great positive, if I'm concerned, is a beautiful picture. But for me the film had nothing to offer more of the beauty of the face (and a kind of secret beauty, therefore). The characters were very hard to describe or take care of. Basically it was very slow with this natural style of action, but they were all there to achieve a well-written and predictable story, complete with all the events that could expect from a small city town - everything from a young cheating and wife. teacher for a child with a disability that everyone takes. It was like "Graffiti of the United States" without the joy of life. Some may say this film is more true - today many people seem to think that originality is the only power that the film can possess. But for me the film was just humiliating, and I want to see it again about the wrong if I would like to spend a few hours in a sad city living people. Maybe this film is really just about its time - maybe if I saw it in 1971 I would like to be attracted to its novel, just seeing different differences on the screen. But that would basically assume that I had never seen anything like, say, "Breathless" of Godard. Perhaps the top references to ethnic films would have appealed to the movie geek in me and helped me to stop the weaknesses of a particular film. But in the post-Tarantino world that does not seem special or special. It is amazing though how she uses the film in the film to give her own film more. We see the film 3 if I remember on the photo show. First we see the "Bride of the Bride" of Vincente Minnelli - Liz Taylor Exhibition shows the difference between Sonny and Minnelli's girl who learned the difference between the middle class and the "real life" situation in the same way. Later, clips from Haward '' Red River 'emphasizes the theme of broken friendships between the mentor and advocate. It really reminds me that Bogdanovich is kissing the butt of his counselor, as he did if I remember correctly by choosing the Hawks film as part of his own reverie on the screen with Boris Karloff in "Goals". I think in 1971 this kind of thing was new but watching it today just seems to be fun, like a lot of all the films. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to see another film with Hawks, Ford or Minnelli than to have a film Bogdanovich reminds us why they were so surprised by the lowest way than the trick. Perhaps he expects us to remind those people whose time has passed - all he does is to remind him of how little he and many of his time are related.
