It should come if there is no shock to you when I say that alone in the dark is a crappy movie. To put it in the open, it is as if the elephant monster has been taken, the result is, and then it breaks. The final product will continue out of this film. It looks like the old Atari video (!), Movie has something or anything to do with the harbor on the bowels of the world, the demonic solution, and the ancient civilization. Something about having two worlds, dark and light. (I think which is ours.) Oh, and 10,000 years ago the true civilization opened the portal, the demons came up and had an explosion, then wiped civilization. That is why we have never heard of these stories, easily. Christian Slater, perhaps he can eat in the days of Heathers and Pump on Volume, plays Edward Carnby, the only researcher whose Bad thing happened when he was 10 years old. of the remains of the highest civilization. Carnby was used to be part of a secret institution called 713, which has been trying to identify what happened to the previous civilization. But Carnby believed he could not find the answers he had sought, so he left the group. But look, these beautiful outdoors, and find their prey in different ways, such as beat, beat in the middle, set up biological control tools in them, or just beat kill zombies. Yes, it's another movie of a zombie. <br /> <br /> That's about distilled I can make a plot. It is very beautiful and incomprehensible. In similar films, one can see a brave researcher / player who is confident in action on time, and when we viewers are mentally and researcher, they are very happy. But when events change from attack attack without any view or environment… it is not very helpful. <br /> <br /> Acting is bad, except for Slater, who (although almost seems to be embarrassed to be in the movie) demonstrated he was able to carry a load load. He had to; get this - Tara Reid thrown as a museum contractor! Honestly for the good, I thought I would see the healing of life when Denise Richards was healed as a nuclear physician in the future to die. But Reid here corresponds to Richards, promoting easily by promoting easily. The features of the head include Reid to announce "Newfoundland" as "New Fownd's World," he had to restore his further line in the monotone caused by an error (kinda if he was on the bender all night long before imitation), Reid - a museum museum, think of - you use many films in high jean and hip-hugger jeans. Oh, she was believed as Jessica Simpson giving them stock shares. Oh, why are the good ones should not be dumb? (Note: I don't think Tara Reid of all that looks good. He looks like he needs a regular diet.) Almost everyone else in the cast is completely forgetful, but maybe by Steven Dorff, who played Burke, one of the 713 leaders. , but nothing in the film was, from the set up to the characters to Tara Reid. But I digress. <br /> <br /> However, an amazing and completely preposterous storyline is hardly enough to follow with the film moving at breakneck speed, but director Uwe Boll insses in pounding, mind-fitting soundtrack; it's too big you can't hear what the speakers say in some cases! That can't be right. Due to the level of acting, however, perhaps thanks to Mr. Boll. Oh, and a fun note. At the opening of the movie includes the details ... of the words that go to the screen at the same time. Remember Star Wars first? You heard that now the Star familiar war theme when prologue crawling. Surely there is no need to speak; why do I need some doofus to read what is on my screen? Did the producers just look at the blind people? Perhaps it also explains why the voice of the sound was great - they were also looking for hearing people. Also, the author did not mean to have lisp for the first few lines of crawling - then he lost it. It's wonderful. <br /> <br /> Alone in the dark is a huge mishmashi, a dopey of a terrible act, an unusual script, and a livestock guide. Then the ear says the truth. There is a lot of confusion that the audience only gives attention to the characters and roots for their destruction. Even in the dark, demonic creatures seem to be cold and better in comparison. It's amazing, since there were only three other people on the playground, I looked at this only in the dark. I wonder if Uwe Boll planned it that way? I can't totally give this lowest, because I had a low hope of starting it - and because it didn't grab me enough to get a job on it. It's angry, though Slater saves himself a little.
