I remember reading all the shocking, horrible views of this film when it came out. I meant going to see how bad it was but it was out of movies in three weeks. Just another movie to manage is Gigli. When the movie came out of the DVD, I bought it to see how bad it was. I could not think of the negative thoughts that this film was possible. After seeing it, I can understand. First, I would say that this film is not suitable for certain shots. There is a good shot at the beginning that shows a shot taken from within the gun, which I thought was good. And the way that winding in this movie dies is a kind of cool look; but it gets old after the first time to see. I would like to start with the worst thing in this film: Tara Reid. If a bad act was a sin, then hell would have canceled the Tara Reid out because she could not be very surprising in this film impossible. And on all the tasks, he has a player. Now if he played without dumb, empty toy toy toy then maybe I can forgive him for how he behaves his character. It seems, Uwe Boll did not understand that, though he seemed to think that if he would remove his shirt in the movie, people would see it. He did not realize that provoking him to do so in the middle of the film at any time just made the movie even worse. And is that the Mexican song or something during the dry area? I couldn't say. It brings me my second complaint: Uwe Boll shows some of the worst guides you can see in the film. I mean, I will give the House of the Dead F (and I just do it with very few movies) but HotD would score at least B compared to this top junk piece. The movie begins with a very long description which causes a quick confusion (and read by a terrible author) and from there, the cuts actually are true, silent. There is this step where Slater and Reid are looking closer to a building that has been damaged and the screen is growing out. When it comes back, Slater and Reid shoot everywhere and suddenly, the whole army joined them. Huh? <br /> <br /> And someone was not worried looking wrong in this movie. At one time, the team breaks through the glass, but the glass breaks before it touches it. The Tara Reid secrets change color in one area and after Slater walk away from dead friends, you can see her start to wake up. <br /> <br /> As news ... I was really lost. Something about the old tribe gives darkness and man "opens the way" or something and all evil creatures come out. It is an excuse to have a lot of guns (technology is too high here that no one needs to restore it in this film) that finds, completely, BORING. I bought this film hoping to laugh how stupid it is. I don't laugh, but I still think it's stupid. Very very much.
