There must be a law that clearly states that movies like Resident Evil should be made in the spirit of the game, not with the spirit of blowing everything possible. RE was a game of fear of life, and one of the effectiveness of the clock, but Paul WS Anderson was able to make it as any video video film to come together. Them in the dark is basically a kind of spirit as a bad Resident, so of course, there is little hope the director will be able to have a certain part of the brain enough to make a terrible movie and not a movie of action. Instead, alone in the darkness proves that there is no longer hope of video games to be film. The plan, despite the fact that it must not mean, is the most serious problems with the movie. The film begins with what can be described as five minutes of text that can be reduced or can be useful, if after minutes, the audience stops caring and living is losing something around them. Then there is something about the orphans, other things, the ancient tribe, some bureaucracy and some demons, all of which are so common that viewers cannot follow and what's going on. The characters come in and out of the plot as candy, some have to build great for unnecessary deaths. Basically, what I can understand is that some demons have been given, and Edward Carnby (Slater) has a relationship with them because of some operation given to children in his orphanage that has failed him. He sees a problem involving demons and brings to the old woman (Reid), who certainly can have sex and immediately because there is no reason. Then, without anywhere, all hell is free, and the two live with a military team headed by a storm-steward (Dorff), who seems to have a strong hatred for Carnby. <br /> <br /> All of ignorance, and the reason I do not really understand not only because it is hard and jumbled, but it does not replace anyone really service. Instead, I recommend very much, if you should see this film, bring a tennis ball or something to get involved when a plot can stop you from mixing. Action actions on a conspiracy like a horrible film like this should at least bring a little, right? Unfortunately, this film is like any damaged cotton made, and quickly reduced to the head of the chicken. Considering that this depends on the game of horror, not a game of action, it is particularly angry. The first part of the action that involves a Cranby expulsion from a taxi is one of the worst I have ever witnessed, and the rest is not all good. Demons seem to be cold, although the fact that they turn into powder when they are killed eliminates all the same effect. Most gun-related events that should be cool to monitor rather than include the muzzle fire as the only source of light and the rotating camera and accelerate faster than the addict crack head. It is all kinds of trapping for children who sleep in bed at night. Acting is what I would like to call to take the actors and make them do something. Slater has nothing but it is useful for the whole movie, though it seems to be more talented than he is releasing. It is similar to Dorff, who gets the responsibility of gratitude despite the fact that he has some talent (something happened to him a lot). Reid is pretty much what he should be, appealing sex background, as every time he tries to act is a disaster (as a very bad scientist looking at him has a beginning). All of them, this is a kind of movie that bothers about future video movies. As they continue to destroy this spirit, it is a matter of time before Samus Aran kills Middle-East and AK-47 and Tommy Vercetti are fighting a guerrilla squad. Unlike the Unfortunate Residents, however, this is not suitable for the second place, because I don't think anything can help me forget how this movie is awesome. It's bland, not available and not recommended. This is similar to the diarrhea film; it's all throwed together, there's nothing right and, at the end, you're just happy on top. <br /> <br /> TOTAL: 4%
