This should be my kind of movie. Even if it played, it would still be suitable for my trip; Hell, I would "Congo," and "Allan Quatermaine" movies. I have a soft spot in my heart for foreign / religious / adventure movies. Let's go over why I decided to look at this first. <br /> <br /> 1. Fear / Sci-fi often pleases me 2. I am a great fan of archeology, and this movie involves a rare treasure. 3. Common enemies with FX quality. 4. Christian Slater and Dorf I generally enjoy. 5. Tara Reid is hot. So this film was capable, at least in the cheese-awesome video shop, but the boy took the ass. The only issues of redemption are Slater and Dorf, and not everyone finds them as entertainment as I ... I mean, let's say, both are melodramatic. But now for some mistakes. Tara Reid. Although the whole film is worse, Reid's performance is very real. We're not just talking bad, I'm talking about appointing Tara Reid for the worst of the year. I don't know if he can do, but playing a museum campaign is out of his league ... quite. His looking to try a roll of an educated scientist was not very different from what you are looking to set up in a bad picture. I mean this is not just bad, it's very bad. Oh, and for those who are amazed, they have no nakedness, just under the brain of ignorance, absolutely unnecessary. Even with Reid's performance, maybe the movie would have worked, but the plot is the one that leads, and the plot seems to be written at the age of 10. I did not realize that this was a video player after watching DVD, otherwise I would like to ignorance for real time. The story of the story jumps from the slater in childhood which finds the awesome things that happen, he has amnesia, of course. In his adult life Slater was employed by Unit 713, a military force that wants evil or something. Slater was obliged to leave because he was also a rebel, I think, you will never know unless it is in one of those voices that have time. The movie begins with the Slater hunting equipment, getting its latest piece after collaborating with "the force of the Chilean forces that define in the past." I can have a real quote, but you get an idea. There is a bad doctor who wants to delete some of the hellions in the world (no reason given), experiments of children, super demon / alien- human organs, "photonic" shot (demonic things can not stand the sun) and , of course, Slater and Dorf try to save everyone. Jesus, I can't even lose the clichéd elements. The script is very much needed to work to reduce the direction and provide SOME depth. I mean, why is this bad scientist so bad? Laam, people are punished and only trying to save the community. I think she is infected? What? How did that happen? Surely he has one of the evil things of the demon in the castle and draws his blood to shoot in it. How did the spirit take place? Why and where he got super slugs (oh yes, they used an old sci-fi session with visitors of parasites / demons that "fuse" with the back of their host) Of course, Slater is, like Blade, half super-slug powered, but his slug "did not fuse perfectly due to the electric shock," thank God. O, and people with these "confusion" explosions, do not know that they are half alien / demon and they act as good members of the community until a certain mysterious gesture is given where they turn zombies killers. Yes we get zombies. So many votes can be entertaining, but no one. <br /> <br /> Also, the latter is completely ignorant as everything turns out to be not that great deal to fix in the first place ... at least no little power of power that can not handle. It is not a bad thing you will see, but a very bad movie.
