I often start by restoring the base of the film, but before anyone makes quick judgments on my review, let me know by saying that I am a person who likes many movies (see my other reviews). Alone in the dark is the film and director Uwe Boll, whose film right before this was the House of the Dead (2003). As alone in the dark, it was also a change of video game film. Almost everyone liked it. Yes, I loved it. I have given 10 out of 10! My quote for this (which will surely turn some readers overnight) is that even if I hated myself in the dark, there must be something wrong with that. <br /> <br /> First: Who am I? Trying to say the situation for this film is as simple as trying to try the balance of the US budget, but here it goes. Archaeologists have found evidence of some of the American tribe of losing India. The Indian tribe seems to have found some ways to unite the "second world", which was bad for nature. Bad things destroyed them, but not before opening the door of the evil world and giving us the key. Later, another scientist / researcher who was trying to monitor, and especially this tribe, decided to try other children, trying to produce some kind of diversification to the second world. (Believers or not - everything so far and then others are told in written text - it's just white texts on black screens and a high voice also teaches us). Then, there was something about children being in orphanages, but the government is taking them out, and then a group of people are looking for archaeological discoveries, and there are super humans walking around, and a military group is called to continue. Really, the show has not stopped. It's like a backstory of deficiency from hell. There are enough ideas here to fill at least 10 films, maybe 25. But none of them has been presented in a concrete way to create one good film. Apart from the mysterious tribe of Muslims and people of superhumans, we also find the similarities of the cross between the alien and the wwolf, worms that invade your body and turn to the visitors of snakes, blow down the worms, the zombies, the starship Trooper as a war bad scientists, underground seats, gold mines, spooky warehouses, restrictions, a large museum that is not used, government goals, small gold have emerged out of the sea, bankers, explosions, backslides, bad romance, car attack, home invasion, kitchen sink. . . wait, I can't remember if the last one was in the film. Even more amazing (amusingly?), In Fandoria # 240, Shawn Williamson was quoted as saying, "We spend a lot of time in the story, worrying about it". Tara Reid named Alone in the dark "neat film" <br /> <br /> I would like to fool anyone. Many of the above features can hear the voice of the audience of this film, but the problem is that nothing has a little connection with anything else. I was often not aware of any order of any order was any setting, why we were there, or what someone did (at least when each area began). It is a random mishmash arrangement and clichés, like director Uwe Boll with 250 ideas not connected to the hat and pull out as a lot of lottery. Then when she was finished, she and editor Richard Schwadel decided to cut the film using a dice, then they did it again by throwing the Ching. Sometimes the film drives as a reel of an extended director (which is a combination of short, contrasting scenes, which directors move around to try to find work), but maybe that's too big. I don't know Boll would get a job if this was his finger. Like I love at least as many films, I love being many characters and many displays. It is very rare that I say that performance was bad. Well, Tara Reid was bad here - and I'm a person who loves Reid. I don't know what happened. For a large percentage of the film, they export it as a set. They can also buy only a blow-up doll. That would save the money that they could have used for other cgi ghosts and vampires in cage settings and cemetery. Perhaps they chose to move around him as a piece of driftwood after seeing his unhealthy conversation in monotone which is usually reserved for the mother-in-law. And talking about these talks, a lot of alone in the darkness looks like Godzilla's film without Godzilla. Therefore, I mean that it is a lot of gobbledy-gook of pseudo-scientific. Of course in Godzilla movies, there is their confidence, because they know how to ignore, and there is a lot of money that we see seeing Godzilla destroy the city and fight with big tomatoes and deadly beams of bullets from his eyes or something. <br /> <br /> What is Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here, instead of being affected by opening charges against their agents, it's hard to say. I can't say that I thought anyone in the film had a good performance, though maybe Slater at least saw a cigarette. I think that has never been to me. Still, I have not given this film 1. There was a powerful film show, even if Boll and Schwadel did mincemeat out of it, and hard tunes on the last credit was good. Heck, even the November move was not so bad. I really thought the film had a promise at that time. But this could be just the worst films I ever saw with a budget of 20 million or more.
