True, there are many more movies then this movie. This movie did not have Manos: Hands of Fate, or Troll 2 (yes, I've seen both of them. Twice) but at the same time this film does not exist Alien, Predator or even Alien Vs. Predator (Yes, even the movie exceeded this). This movie makes the Battlefield Appear as the stars of the stars are very bad. The Razzie prize view, your biggest competition has just come to the movie. The movie I am talking about is unique in the dark. I will try to take you though step by step on what this film was so bad. Acting - I will start with what was the best feature of this film (next to the last credit, which made 'I would like to have an Angel', acting. Christ Slater must boast himself, succeeded to prove that it is possible to work good in the worst films then drink antifreeze.With all his worst conversation he had to say, he made me wonder why he did not walk off the second half. Maybe it was because of Stephen Dorff being in the film too (someone who wants he could be but The failure of it) Tara Reid is a bad actor but look good and that's all that is very important in movies like these. So don't say acting was perfect though, it was moderate, not good, and perhaps the only thing in the film is not good. > <br /> Soundtrack- Except 'I would like to have an Angel', a voice of sound is a worthless and bad medal to be pumped into the audience's ears, perhaps by di Sura bad stories (something I will soon find). The long and most expensive CD CD is now available for sale to those with music challenges. Lead-led by the favorite director of Uwe's Hollywood, who brought us the House of the Dead. Tell us, "Yes, movies can completely destroy it and that's just the beginning of my deadly movies." Of course it is said to be led by Uwe Ball. Without being told I would think the monkey has been taken from the Congo, it has brought here and forced to comment on how to make a movie under a terrible punishment. The director of photography was perhaps a camcorder climbed on a skateboard and pushed forward until it struck the wall. In cases where the camera should remain still moving, not allowing us to stop anywhere and should move forward, the camera stops for some reason. - What is the world - the world is stupid enough to keep this money for this bomb? I feel sorry for the fool ... sometimes. Sometimes I am glad that he was taught such a lesson that never put money on the worst trash then the seed of the dog is closed in the bag. <br /> <br /> Writing / Storyboard - Trying To analyze the story is the most painful then blow the ice to take down the big toes and run the soccer ball as hard as I possibly could and that's certainly but I'm still trying. Edward Carnby runs as a child from orphanage where 20 children go under scientific experiments. He runs and hides in the electrical place where he is selected (this is the point where it is so bad I started laughing loudly). Then it continues rapidly many years later when he is a paranoia detective. It gets attacked by a zombie that cannot be killed, it kills and lives on. Later he gets an attack by another monster looking at and conceals the secrets that no one else knows. Yes, the plot is bad, really bad. Film and anticipation of reading for 10 minutes, which saw it as 100, of random text about untrue civilization is called Absalom. Film should not lose one after another, more viewers can handle, more viewers want to handle, more viewers can take care of. This number of stories is bad under the rock that even two dragon makes it well. Overall, do not miss this film. I paid 1 out of 10 but that's because there is no 0.
