First of all I would like to explain that this film does not have anything to see with the story of the Dutch folklogi ship of the spirit which is also called DUTCHMAN. In this film, you will not see one boat. You can't see the sea, ghosts, or anything interesting. It is not the story of the ship of the spirit, and I would like to have told you about the main credit or I could not look at it, because I thought it was a story about a story. It seems many people think the film relates to the story of the ship's spirit, because the film is listed on the Wikipedia page for "Flying Dutchman" ... I don't understand why. Is it possible to consider a story similar to the "Jew Wandering"? Or maybe they made the bad part of the story? The movie begins with a series of clashes that would enable anyone who believes that the film will have war events. Unfortunately, it's just the only battle of the film. Then you see Daniel Emilfork (who was Krank in the Lost City) for two seconds, and that would allow anyone to hope that the film would do a good job. Unfortunately he is very bad in the film. One thing can be said about an Italian actress Nino Manfredi, who was one of the best Italian artists ever, and who is here being judged to have a non-legendary bird wrangler behind which the only objective is to be a "smart man" of film. And the boy, do you? The film requires merit! All other aspects of the story seem to enjoy swimming in the dirt, shouting, distracting others (with evil), disgusting (in evil) or placing it in a mixture for fun. It seems to be very happy that every characteristic of the story finds that its discounts have been cut off on the fingers for a step or another. Coming from the Dutch director, you may think that extreme dirt and real dirt are the most important elements of the period, the elements that have contributed to the film film film Paul Verhoeven, "Flesh + Blood", a very great film. The concept of "Meat + Blood" would enable anyone to hope that the same filthy films and the front face would be good. Unfortunately, with the contrast to the "Meat" Blood, there is no great progress, no struggle, no good acting, and only set, no "Body and Blood". Photography, as the opening chain takes place, is done well and attracts. This, too, stops very early in the film. Music, from Nicola Piovani (the famous "La vità e bella") is being reviewed and sad, while meaningless (sometimes you mean there is a size in the sequence, while screens actors are decreasing in the water elevator). In the first "act" of the film, which is not recommended less than an hour (!), The film takes place within the same cycle, which is close to the field where the main characters live. The characters play with a lot of load, stop in it, play in it. The long period of time goes through many ellipses to allow the main character, the little boy who loves to play in the mix, to be an old and play in the most mixed. A bird man talks too much to say crazy things in Italian. Spanish winners speak French. There is no meaning. Everything is confused and takes hours to happen. Then there is the second act called "Ship", where we see what might be a ship, long ago, but now it is the remains of the ship (covered with dirt?). The main character, when a little walk away from the field, just happens to run into it, and decides that it is very cold then let's live in it. The sandwich who lived in it before trying to kill him, but he doesn't really know because (he didn't mention?) He is not very sharp. He thinks the ship could go and expect to sail, until they have won more (at least they seemed to be the winners because of Don Quixote's jacket but as I said it was the confusion of who it was), make the Dutch prisoner, as well as the lost striker, and burn the ship down . The last part of the film, which is very difficult to carry to the viewer because it has only an extra load and more old-age farmers who fought in it, takes place in mad storage. Still suffering more and sinking each other with feces. However, for the director, who seems to have rejected his job, or has passed by a second camera to make the camera work the whole. Finally, many of the new "friends" mentally who Dutch did die. The woman had sex with her brother's wife and began to try to meet her son. Dutchman and his son are talking. The movie ends after two hours of inappropriate pictures and ethnic and technical disasters. Then the roller credits and the viewer fell very free of having to watch the furious film and no plot that pretend to be something exciting as a fantasy film based on the story, when they are nothing but just a list of how full of some custom movies they can get when they have no authority enough money to keep the war instead of horses.
