Is there something happening in this film that can't be predicted? I don't think. Basically the movie is cliche after cliché and anything ever comes as a surprise. It makes the movie possible and because that the film has also decreased significantly in tension. So for exciting is not time and unpredictable but also if the drama is a failure. This is because the film's story is impossible. I mean, there is no way this could happen in real life, like in the same way that happens in this film. So the film has real trouble and honesty. <br /> <br /> But it's really a clichés that killed the movie. It consisted of regular things. Everything is a formulaic in this movie. The pastor is shown as an impatient heart, near the psychopath as a boy who is confused and sexually assaulted as a female female, who does if he did not see any of this coming. Everything that happened in the film was clear and all seemed to happen because of it. Like a sequence of 'enemy' makes a car 'survivor' has been broken. That should be one of the oldest clichés of the book. I knew what the movie tried to reach after that stage. I tried to look like a teacher and a pupil were growing towards each other through the eyes of other people around them. It was so obvious and cheap that almost I wanted to stop watching the film after that action. Movie is filled with time like this. <br /> <br /> Title can suggest that this is a cheap movie but this really is sappy for movie TV. Which means that everything that happens slowly and the movie spends its time on the development of behaviors and small programs that are not needed to make the film even more like. I will admit that Elizabeth Berkley is very good acting in this film. He does some clichés and events to watch even almost real-time. His work of Hollywood is more beautiful than after being seen in the film Paul Verhoeven "Showgirls", unfortunately he can only be seen in movies and television series like this. It is losing its talent and certainly deserves. Those other characters are disappointed. Corey Sevier plays a rich young man 'rich' and how the man of the main character is shown to be worse. He looks more like a confused pastoral pastor than a true movie advocate. He basically tries to have sex with his wife in each sequence. He wakes up, he wants sex. Before going to bed, he wants sex. He comes home, wants sex. It may be a real thing but I don't know, it just didn't feel for a film like this and a whole story. A full-filled movie and I can't think of any reason anyone should see this film. It is predictable and therefore it also has no doubt and trust. It is not a 'horrible' movie and it can certainly look at other times but the weak and filthy elements also make it off and recommended. <br /> <br /> 4/10
