I am a black man who lived in the Black capital. What I said, I have a big problem about the work of Tyler Perry. I realize that some people out there feel the need to praise him, because he is black and tries to show a beautiful picture about culture. But, I certainly believe that, they were Perry White, this film would have the NAACP, Al Sharpton, and Jessie Jackson all his ass. I am obliged to watch this one of the most recent movies of hell and to watch regularly makes my blood boil. The characters are not well written and they did. Jokes are very bad, I must be told something should be funny. I'm going to break this big bunch of sh-t down. <br /> <br /> Madea = suck. Character can be appealing, but it is no longer available. While the only thing that seems to be provoking children and threatening adults for violence is less important. He is not necessary. <br /> <br /> The situation with the wife who beat the partner was a horse-t. If a woman was afraid of her husband's death, why would she try to run when she slept in bed? Doesn't it mean to leave when he was working. At any rate, the characters in this arc were very interesting and waiting that I hoped he would throw him on the balcony and was taken to the spirit when he was not. <br /> <br /> Then there are two creatures of love. The bus driver asks the woman outside and bothers him while doing round. I couldn't believe it. I really didn't believe when he agreed to go with him more. But, what takes the cake is that the adult was cut off to give the stem in the window and pass the description as a ten-year-old mega sand. I do not use this word gently, but the woman had only two modes. Morose victim and psychological momma. No matter what these two faces showed, however, there was once. The bus driver did not want to get any. He even stayed with him without a product sample - WTF! <br /> <br /> Then there is a family reconciliation area. Here we have had a mother burden that includes dumb, grinding for grinding, shirt, great discomfort, b-ball, and a great taste of Maya Angelou. When the children had their bonds out and called a meeting, I was wrong to be interested that their old man was claiming to a heart attack. All this crap continues at the conference, easily with different groups, and then bells the alarm. When they do, everyone reduces what they do and leads up for a very chat, like a doggies pack of Pavlov - WTF !! You have five minutes of films. In that we see the shepherd of the herd get manhandled by his long-term victim and almost every bad actor. There is an unhappy wedding where Black people are dressed as angels and hang the ceiling - WTF !!! Just because you look at it here, instead of measuring your threshold with pain, it is hoped that the second woman of this story gets her ass given her also. Guess what, it does not happen. Instead, Perry takes the way to fight and confirm the safe, finishing the film in the voice of forgiveness - WTF !! I am sure that, if given a day, I can write a medical concept for all of this film. Do not even start on other Tyler Perry films. I'm going to say this. In my opinion, as a black man, D.W. Griffith's heritage lives. Sadly, it does that through a black man who will be grateful for doing what the National Birth did, selling us down the river. I just want Perry movies to be dudes so I can take them to nuts. Thank you very much, dude! What will you follow in 2009, the comedy about the rape and savage slave in the Colonial America?
