That same night I watched this also looked at "Modern Secret 4," making the same thing confused. Unfortunately for these killing tomatoes could not stand up with a turbulent laugh who is Scary Movie franchise. When I fought with patience here looking at the joke that was stupid and ignorant, with the dated violence and cruelty, the recent supply had me laughing loudly. How could I desire more than that. Director John De Bello uses the basic basis that a certain hormone growth has gone badly and turned into tomatoes into killers. But its main goal here is to be hit close to a kind of disaster movie that was very big during the day. Locate the script of the fun humor, and perhaps if you take illegal items and the night of your film can be your cup of tea. I, wise, had been stunned to look at an old man to go under cover like tomatoes. And one joke, which is never recommended, where the difference between the Japanese actor and the voice on it also here. Some may be screaming, I didn't. They had a Hitler joke that was not interesting, and I thought all of Hitler's jokes were beautiful. <br /> <br /> The story of this film is very broken (because there is no good) that it is impossible to explain. Tomato kill people, the government is trying to stop, bad jokes are told. Their aim can be correct if their goals include media, consumer spending, and paranoia (three things that still dominate our lives today). Typically, the main point of selling this film, these gosh tomatoes, is not very available. And when you do, get this, they play with real tomatoes. The refined gimmick did nothing to me if I get a little out of looking at the packet of tomato eating body for the magic of practical camera tricks. There is also a fear of going to break the work here which prevents this film from being really funny. Gag that someone sleeps almost every area can attract other members of the audience, but more likely will be seen as an invitation to join the fun. I can also add that it seems to be an old human example of working here. Someone eats tomatoes and that's dinner, tomatoes eat man and that's a world catastrophe. But that's just the way the world does. In the film production becomes bad because of genetic changes, but in the real world of our crops (see: Taco Bell) becomes a bad thanks for stopping. And like the dark green onions, the shelf life of this film has been dead for a long time. There are very small ones. The last shot was quite royal, but did not have a close place to save this ordinary bomb bomb. I am sure there is a good movie buried in this concept, but the script needs to be filtered through twelve records to get there. And for "there" I mean the "Movie scary". ** 1/4
