If you are interested in devotional worship and / or bad films, is there some point in life? possible sooner than later? that you should check the "Attack of the Tomato Killer". It is inevitable, since this is one of the most horrible movies of worship. A few but important details, however, are that "Killer Tomatoes" are deliberately wrong. Right from the opening message ready, mocking Alfred Hitchcock's "Airplane", this is clearly referred to as a budget disaster and I can't avoid the impression that the author / director John De Bello never expected to have his film to be hit. The film's most popular films of the movie called "eco-horror" (plants, animals and nature in general against anti-humanity) and provide a small variety of vegetable vegetables that can be seen as an unsuccessful machine. The secret farming project to produce big tomatoes and tastier goes very bad and soon there are reports about tomato attacks from the whole country. The President puts together a special forces team to fight the juicy enemy, which includes secret agents and specialized areas of expertise and horrible scientists. The first half of "Killer Tomatoes" is very entertaining. As sluggish as it is, seeing the natural vegetable flowing from the shaft and attacking the mother of the natural mother is original and amazing. The first half of the hour also has an unforgettable time as an interesting theme, and "Jaws" of worship and a helicopter accidental helicopter accident (see the trivia section for more details) that made the end. After that, however, the whole thing turns out to be an aggressive, ineffective and impossible. The quality level of joke goes from clean to innovation towards shame and right is not funny and there are many characters and small squares. For myself, I would like at the end of the 80's and early 90's (which I saw before seeing nature) because they benefit from good production standards, special effects of tomatoes on and on and the presence of former actor John Astin ("The Addams Family ") as mad scientist Dr Gangreen. But, as mentioned earlier, nature is not expected to be still looking at some time in your life.
