The easiest way to describe this film is like satire. The goal of the satire is very large, from the US Government to corporate America. It is also not a fight to fight, but it is not a secret. Think of this film as a mix between the movie of Fried Kentucky, Birds and Police Force series, carried out with a very small budget and not as funny. I can see how this film is a satire of many sci-fi disaster videos from 50 to 60 years. I see this film as a major influence on Mars's attack on Tim Burton. <br /> <br /> The plot is simple enough. The great tomato emerging tomatoes may go "mad" and start attacking people and cities. At first there is a lid and then it fights in a fierce battle. The movie runs the gamut of characters and attributes: Lois "Fairchild" (Lois Lane hippo), Chairman of the Secretary of the Press Secretary, Clark Kent, Mason Dixon (FIA agent who has not worked since The Bay of Pigs, the useless President (who can only be able to sign his name and attack New York), the powerless Congress, the Managing Director of Marketing, and the Mason team with the largest German East "swimmer", The scuba player, the paratrooper of WWII proposed by Africa-American to hide professional (hidden as George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, Hitler and finally as a tomato). Did I forget to miss, lots and lots of tomatoes? There are all varieties of tomatoes from small tomatoes, for large tomato tomatoes, for chopped tomatoes, for tomato juice and finally for people dressed as tomatoes. On top of all this, you have a couple of music numbers too. They are beautiful and seem to have been called. The best tune is for the topic of the movie ("Attack of Tomato Killer"). It is also an interesting way and you can end up exciting or singing it to the public. Vocal. Most of the movies are very interesting and show a lack of real life situations with a variety of entertainment. I do not believe that I am associated with laughter, but I often enjoy and beat my head. I recommend this movie to fans of B and C movies, but only as a rental. Reality
