Advisor - this review has "attackers of conspiracy," although nothing can "destroy" this film than it is already. In fact it is bad. *** <br /> Before you start, I would like to allow everyone that this is obviously one of these very strange-bad-that-fall-over-laughing movies. If you have a heart condition and you need a good laughter, this is your movie. Now without more ado, my review: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in bin bargain in Wal-Mart. That should be the first clue about how good the film is. Second, the star star of the Dolph Lundgren. That should be a second clue about how good the film is. I was still shocked that even a DVD set (who would lose their money to do something like that?), Although you might think, no extra bonus or extra videos on DVD. In fact, there is no list; The movie begins to play. First, the author of this movie deserves to be tortured and killed. It has one of the worst written texts and is faced with terrible fabrics; amazingly wonderful, fake conversation; with improper views (like Lee's comments on Lundgren's manhood, which I mention later). There is no single line of sounding in the whole film. Negotiations and conspiracy go hand in hand, since the script and conspiracy are going well in the most useless way. The two workers hate each other for no apparent reason at first, and then for no reason, Lee's behavior pulls on the side of the road, runs around the other side of the car, and says' I'm not going to let alone, because I myself, i love you! And I don't want to see you killed! '. or something to that level, however. There is one bottle of disgust, especially said by Lee. For example, when you take it out with a bad person, Lee says' You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to be dead! 'Finally, I will say negative and trivial comments Lee makes about the areas below Lundgren. When the villagers begin to attack after the beautiful area of ​​love between Lundgren and Carrere, and Lundgren decides to fight them in his underwear, Lee tells him: "We might die, I wanted to let you know that you have a big dick I've ever seen someone. Yes, he says the truth It doesn't mean and impossible (Lee never can see Lundgren naked, how would he know?), But the author put it in any script. The whole movie looks like a video game action game, and Lee even admits. and the only underwear to conquer all the bad guys, Lee provides a view that is also very good: `Wow, this is kind of a video game; we just won the first wave! ' This movie is embarrassing, in my opinion, especially from the fact that it is not just. The trailer of this movie - which IMDb is available for viewing, by the way - makes sounds like the movie is about two trying to block the Japanese Yakuza from Take the Lost Angeles. This is very misleading, however, since the movie is not worth anything to do with it. They make very brief references to Yakuza trying to start methamphetamine business with local drug dealers, but the whole movie ACTUALLY refers to an unregistered attempt by Kenner (Lundgren's behavior) to take revenge on his parents, whose Yakuza Leader (named Yoshida) was killed when he was and only 9 years old. The whole plot may be basically inserted like this: Yoshida wants Kenner dead, Kenner wants Yoshida dead, and two try to kill each other. And of course all the time Kenner's sarcastic sidekick (called Johnny and playing with Brandon Lee) does like an ignorant idiot, and Tia Carrere gets naked. twice. <br /> <br /> Acting is one of the worst part of the entire movie. Negotiations are untrue, and all of their pictures emphasize this even more. You would like to expect poor values ​​from work stars however, but this film shows some of the most unrecognized values ​​identified. Finally we get to the brain of the film: the worst step. There are many incredible, non-practical events in this film, it is obviously interesting they were able to achieve it all. Although Lee has a fair share of bad events as well, many shocking actions include Lundgren. For example, Lundgren takes one or five young people of kung fu bones, without shedding her tea. Then, when surprised by the emerging car, Lundgren speeds up. Or what if he gets to the closed door, he takes the villain on the other side, bring him back the door, and hit him? Or when he takes Tia Carrere, he walks gently (does not run) back through the glass door around him, and raises the story of one story with Tia still by hand, then lifting the whole car without a little effort and uses as a barricade to protect you from shooting? All the evil battles are not too wrong, and Lundgren and Lee kill everyone badly once, when the bullets from their fifty strikers never seem to hit either of them. That is, of course, until the final fight of the movie. Lundgren gets a shot of an empty shot in his open chest in an area that could even lose his heart, he would start filling the lungs with blood and killing him in a matter of seconds. In spite of this, Lundgren sits on top and can make it between the parade and Yoshida, the worst evil. And in fact people passing through the parade are dressed as a samurai carrying a REAL, a well-grown katanas, which both use a fight with a sword. Now with a shot of his shot, Lundgren gets several pieces of deep into his chest and arms. What? This prevents him? No, of course not! In fact, a few seconds later after being killed easily Yoshida evil (who gets a wheel-like wheel and then burst of fire for no reason), Lundgren usually goes with Tia and Lee if he was not injured at all. God, it's terrible. All these factors are incorporated with unnecessary, free free minutes every five minutes, including uncomfortable women at the ceremony, the village of the disabled woman, women in the club trap, nude women in the Japanese spa, and a hot tub of hot and tia love. Not to mention the journey of a wonderful sushi bar, which the rich Japanese men eat sushi from naked women. Which, by the way, persuades Lee to say with great enthusiasm of the illusion that after defeating the evil he and Lundgren will go to eat fish on honey chicks! Which, of course, is followed by five major disturbances. And we can not forget the worst crash or, as when criminals get a man tied to a jard on a junk, and the editors left the dummy obviously. It also lists a large number of stunt workers, which means that many actions probably did not happen with the film stars after all. At the end, this film often comes from the evil of copper. It does not feel and impossible, and as a result, it is fun. If you are looking for any kind of movie considered, this film will make you want to die. If you are looking for a good laugh and a good time when you make a bad choice of film, this film will be fun. As a real movie, I will enjoy this movie 0.5 out of 10. As a way of recreation to lose an hour and eighteen minutes, however, this beauty takes a cake.
