I'm talking about this miniseries from the perspective of someone who studied the first novel. And from that point I can honestly say that it's a fun time, I can see why it has never been restored any time soon. Specifically, this mini has serious problems, like: <br /> <br /> 1) Very corrupted. The actors who played the generation of young people were 15 to 20 years older than the characters. Ali McGraw (45 at the time) was playing Natalie Jastrow who was 26 years old. Jan-Michael Vincent (39 at the time) was playing Byron Henry who was supposed to be around 22. Others Henry, and Pamela Tudsbury, were also played by The former way the old way for characters who were supposed to be at their age of 20 years. <br /> <br /> 2) Some acting was very bad. Once McGraw often made this mini unnoticed. I have seen more spectacular performances in high school sports. 3) To redirect was poor. To be right with Ali McGraw, the development of odds and behavior is perhaps leading. Hitler's show was passing. Her character withdrew the look and run more like a villain of a cartoon than charismatic, sometimes charming, but every diabetes specialist Herman Wouk built as in a novel. Some of the other actors are largely (Berel Jastrow) do not have the advantage of the character that Wouk has created for them. <br /> <br /> 4) This mini is very dated. The hokey music, the story of pride (was seen as the story of the high school secondary school), and the opera-all-time opera-operative feel made very close. Also, too often by Byron and Natalie are costly to appear in 1979 instead of 1939. A person looking at this without the benefit of reading the first novel can not stay all. , because it will come more like at the end of the 70 / early 80s "I take a lot of soap" for a major detergent, rather than a TV version of what is modern American classic. The old movies and otherwise sometimes do not work well, but this is one case where the creative and leading director can make a very good, unpredictable and well-known production. I have never seen that happening since the remake would have been long (15 hours) or long so to do it fairly, and given a short time of attention to the most of the current view of the United States, it can not fly.
