The sound of the voice that you can hear during this version of the implementation of Jules Verne's "Journey to the World Center" is turning to the jewelery in his grave. The only thing on this 80-hour opus which has nothing to do with the "World Tour Center" is the head. Otherwise, everything in this sufficient production is new and not worth looking. In fact, the director has written here on IMDb.COM that led only eight minutes of "Travel to the World Center" and the studio held part of "Baby Dollman" assistant Albert Pyun and "Alien from L.A." and Kathy Ireland. Obviously, the producers lost money and met the obligations of the overseas contract, participated in Pyun's film on the movie director Rusty Lemorande. Please do not rent or buy that damaged piece. Unlike the director of the period of Henry Levin "Journey to the World Center" (1959) and James Mason and Pat Boone, "Lemorande Journey" to the World Center "happens during the modern time The two colleagues, the British nanny, and the dog are brought together for a lifetime adventure just by coincidence. (Paul Carafotes of "Foam's Day") and his comic book watched Brother Bryan (Ilan Mitchell-Smith's " The Power of Science ") is going to explore the cave. Heroine, Crystina (Nicola Cowper" Underworld "), works for a home service called 'Nannies R Us.' Having a nanny has been a dream of the life of Crystina, but she has done less than five of her nanny. However, her compassionate administrator, Mrs Ferry (Lynda Marshall of "Africa Express"), sends her to Hawaii. rock Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley's "Doomsday") who is a single festival schedule one to revive his voting career, has a dog named Bernard. Evil want Crystina to take Bernard on a day's doggie spa. Crystina is waiting for the arrival of The taxi when a careless taxi driver puts a basket on the Richard's jeep. You see, Evil has hidden his canine in the basket because the motel management prevents strictly from their buildings. Evil has hidden the dog as a human child. tell the driver to follow Richard. <br /> <br /> After you grab with them to get his dog, the cruise goes away and leaves him. but he has other plans. Sadly, Crystina joins the youth and disappears, and then they find themselves in the lost city of Atlantis, a police-headed state, in the center of the World. The Atlantis rulers inform their citizens that life is not available. Our heroes and heroine are completely caught by Atlantis. Atlantis resembles a disco and everyone looks like they are out of the opera opera opera. The Emperor of Atlantis, General Rykov (Janet Du Plessis of "Operation Hit Squad"), makes a rebellion on the face and clones of the first man, Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland's "Needed Need"), visit Atlantis. Predictable, the practices of General Rykov to dominate the Atlantis and destroy the Earth fails, and our heroes and heroine saves the day. <br /> <br /> "The World Travel Center" is disgusting. The movie seems to be a comedy despite its high satire about dictatorship. Albert Pyun is one of the directors of the low-level budget, but he beat it on this lighter shambles.
