The World Center Trip is a story of other Hawaii tourists, three of their relatives, and one of them is a British who was a dog. When their brothers have had to drive in their basket and a basket of dog cookies, they follow them (it might be safer to buy more) all the way to go to the brothers who want to explore (I think). For some reason, they go into the cave and then, where they begin to enter, they try to disappear for profit, except for a six-year-old sister who say they are going to get help. At the same time, the more they go around the cave, the more they continue to go further to the cavernous foundation of the land. And behold, it is here that they find the City of Atlantis and its strange foreign people who live under the guise of one foreigner who do not want to ask many questions about the outside world. <br /> I see that Rusty Lemorande, a director called this film has given a comment on this film, where he explains that the last half of this film is a true guest guide in LA Well, whatever it was was a non-cheap movie which I would like to be a higher ranking than the City of 1988 (a sci-fi film also made a non-existent budget) because the end of this awesome piece of films is not so much available that eliminates angles where it can be a sense of humor and amusement in 20 minutes the end when we see how life is like the alien world in the middle of the world. I also give a two-star mark instead of one because it was sometimes, funny, even if only in its trick. For example, visitors ask a British girl if she is a guest and explains that the Ministry should send her visa. Or when a guest girl gets Bryan and explains that he is in the city of Altantis and he makes these mistakes to Atlantic City, New Jersey. Few things like that make idiocy of the first hour or so they have. Consider how the film would be good even if it had 1) it really had the intention to do it, and 2) really had money to do it. I would like to last, no one wondered what happened to a little sister who was taken off at first to get help. He would like to walk around the Hawaii caves and not too far from the crossing volcano, interested.
