This film really manages to have fun unreasonable for 2/3 of the trip. Unfortunately, the film ends up being 'confused'. When I know some plot plans are the level of 'buddy cop' film I got drawn to the characters who foil each other carefully but ultimately the film depends heavily on tracking the procedure as crutch and I lose interest. <Br /> <br /> The filmmakers have done a good job of finding the characters alone and doing their own thing and we should see who they are and identified and are both in advance. We created our own ideas instead of having the power to feed their view in a regular way. At the end there is so much going on and it is very restricted to what could be a piece of fun. Here's what about Joe Gavilan (Harrison Ford) at the end of the film: <br /> <br /> 1. Payment of real estate. br>> <br /> Adding the concerns of Casey you are happy she wants to be an actor and revenge her father's death. Now some of these things gather and even come together well but all the elements of the conspiracy are gathered in the middle of this long-term confection which is long and uncomfortable that it is not hard to have time to break my very high and give insight into what is happening. Modern participants to write screens cannot eliminate the effectiveness of bad films. As a sequel to follow the sequence was not bad, which has four different parts and can last around half an hour, it was not bad, Joe Gavilan's fields call about its real estate plan while evading the offender with a gun. All additional school-based and joke exercises make it impractical for me if it is not the offender. We have never forgotten or pray over the massacre of this time because many lines of conspiracy and the eye of the expulsion eye have beaten us over all the understanding. <br /> <br /> As I continued on the expulsion and how they destroyed good stories, I did not. This can be a very enjoyable film but it was very big for its britches and it turned into a long-term waste. Harrison Ford and Josh Hartnett actually did well with small appearance and Gladys Knight is important to consider. Unfortunately none of the executives can help this unsuspecting film that has not forgotten. Although this is possible to be better than the love of "Hulk" and "Lara Croft II" which does not make this beautiful film. I once heard that Harrison Ford just wanted to make films that Eh thought he could make money, I don't know whether it's true or not. The fact is that getting a big office box requires a small movie or a good actor, this film is not suitable for its responsibilities. My advice to Harrison Ford will be: connected to Indiana Jones because at least you can still run.
