The eyes of Josh Hartnett dead, writing to thick, with Harrison Ford in a comedy-friend comedy! Here are 3 reasons to hate, avoid, and spend 116 minutes of your best life. Yet their real gold age was back in the 1980s and 1990s. Doing one that tries to combine the action and pleasing to the Hollywood police itself is certainly a good idea but the final result of it happened to be not a low spoof but The reason for asking God to show mercy to all the old films when the worst was in all ways greater (Hollywood Homicide). <br /> <br /> What happened to this recreation formula? Since all ten years things have never been the same. You would like to have a stubborn affidavit after another. I will be happy with you and other names to capture you on a good disaster: (I Spy - 2002), (National Security - 2003), (Taxis - 2004), (Starsky & Hutch - 2004), and worse than all (Vice Miami - 2006) )! I believe one of the reasons is the most common case of spreading after many film flicks and television programs during the last 2 decades. Add to it, especially here, dealing with a decline in humor. In fact this time can never fail. Yes, we have had two loyal supporters who have second jobs, and the city's history of sin, but what else is new? It's not about cliché; it is about a few re-mixed with clichés where all have been mistreated. The action, especially from the side of (Hartnett), is awesome. This person is nothing but a player (or actor!). So his habit was to take revenge for the death of his father! Manipulate yourself, maybe he died out of watching your acting !! Even small responsibilities have people who have nothing to do with the comedy (or what they have seen here!)! To turn the failure to submit something that is a bad or hard, some parts have become very small (capture black man through lack?); it's a rare time to be boring in what is considered to be an action / comedy! They did not use Hollywood itself as a sad place where there is a bad face after a high charm, or even a place that is full of bright or fallen stars (filling who could give them a short time of interest). <Br /> <br /> It is a very simple movie used on the appearance and stars of its stars alone, and being a movie of Buddy fighters to get as one of the worst 2 star stars and non-chemistry on the screen (one of them do not have chemistry and screens! I think who?!, and the buddy-cop destroyer more than the film! God, don't make me, or my children, live enough to witness (Hollywood killings Part 2)! Harrison Ford, wanted to have a good time, but at least we did not.
