Well this movie has made me feel so strong that I've joined the IMD account so we can warn people. It's mildly AWFUL !! NOTHING means in this film. There are many ways to start. Josh Hartnett's character is a favorite actor and yoga and a teacher who seems to be a way of living more than his ways and teaches yoga for hot girls (some of them waiting for naked in his jacuzzi when he returns from work). Additionally that the fact that his father was murdered by a perverted error that becomes so happens that the current crime is being done by the bad duo. Harrison Ford's behavior tries to sell real estate on this side and sleeps with the former Interior Observer's wife who happens to run the radio show which Ford calls. NOTHING !! I can't remember the names of the characters (that's how to forget this is) so I'll call them as Ford and Hartnett. There is a discussion that is cruel. I mean hitting objects here. Call every place on the book (be encouraged to heart in the dark bar at midday on the drink where the bartender knows his name; duo is checked by the interior (why?); Hartnett faces the killer of his father) and has one hole the mess. As I said the plot is proud and promotional does not exist: 1) When the Ford car is found again, how does hell make the youth Where do you stand? What? Were they following him? 2) When Hartnett goes to the morgue and it only happens that the only point from the crime scene (blind) is taken on the bodies (it was lucky)! "own stations" and yoga pose on the table. Instead of taking a phone from the IA's Ford guy waiting for talking every time and then tries to grab on the table before Ford. At the same time the IA female officer with Hartnett stirs herself. Then, of course, two are offered without answering any questions. 4) During the drive drive Hartnett car is hitting and hitting its way around Hollywood but then suddenly the car is full again. Not the beginning! 5) Ford runs the evil man into the building and gets into the elevator how hell knows what apartment the bad man has gone? 6) When the two evict the bad man next to the hartnett car, Ford tries to install a real estate plan. Come! 7) A wicked person is a non-refusal record. The recipe for killing a group of journalists in the label? They can leave his studio and it is a warning to keep other groups being honest. But continue, how will he go to sign anyone new with the business plan? 8) Why did IA's boy who examines Ford was arrested at the end? No description! 9) And Hartnett gets to use his "acting" to seize the worst person. I would, I could. Anyone who looks more into this film than a straight-line player wants his head to be checked for that reason. Nothing else! It should not be satirical or uncomfortable. Just decorate it.
