Three large sabretooth tigers (made from the laboratory from mitochondrial DNA, "genetic achievements" derived from fuel material) are on the rampage of the accident released through a series of events (such as a geek computer setup unlocking security measures to keep the resort of the resort residences closed during construction & guardian leaving the opened gate when looking for a non-stop page from a sexually off-sex porn that lives the life of those who come with it. Tigers are always hungry, but they can not dig what they eat. So tigers pretty pretty decorate their prey for shreds. Victims include a group of children of university (.. practices include a goth girl, jock and tech nerd), security workers, and those who have emerged very wealthy who can easily despise us and we want a terrible death. <br /> <br /> From out of a series of bad sci-fi flicks, the Sabretooth Attack has some of the most lost animals organized by the computer I saw yet. And, the last sequence of death is open, you will need within your soul's roots when you are used in this very real exercise in the creation of a creature. There is a good humor of the darkness from the head, but even here the filtering function is not good. Pleasant body organs and blood as victims are beaten, cry for help and receive no. I start hearing as a broken record, repeating yourself in every user's comments I wrote for these sci-fi flicks. I think maybe it's time to continue with other types of movies. Robert Carradine has a role as a doubting businessman who is removed by his ex-daughter-in-law, Nicholas Bell, one opening "Primal Park", a lounge / zoo center with tiger sabretooth as a major attraction. Stacy Haiduk, still writing, is a security officer who tries to persuade Bell to get investors hoping to put money into his project several million dollars to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is a Haiduck partner and his role is a mechanical maintenance operation. <br /> <br /> Finally the Bell is the end, due to the tooth extracted from the image of the tiger of sabretooth is holes. Carradine uses a great job to insult Bell, his arch nemesis. The tiger-of-view point shows people in white color as it is. The film finally has the characters walking through the dark regions (the tech nerd virus is powerless) worried about their safety. College children make a break and sign for other things that are needed (.. is a type of necklace activity) to enter the funding / evil. Release to play these kids does not give up their clichés.
