The movie begins with the manager (Nicholas Bell) giving them a welcome welcome (Robert Carradine) to Primal Park. The secret project that makes the first animal using fossilized DNA, like assJurassik Park¨, and some scientists revive one of the most unusual natural insects, Sabertooth tiger or Smilodon. Scientific desires return to death, however, and when the voltage fence is unlocked by a creature and begins to spread to its animals - humanitarian visitors, tourists and scientists. At the same time some young people enter the area of ​​the security center and are attacked by a historic packet of historical records that are deadly and devastating. In addition, the security agent (Stacy Haiduk) and his partner (Brian Wimmer) are fighting very strongly against Smilodons of tradition. Sabretooths, themselves, in fact, are a star star stars and they are awesome awesome though not convincing. So many animals fight with its prey and the group runs afoul and fight against the very fearful animals of nature. More than three Sabretooth most dangerous and slow reduces its victims. <br /> <br /> The movie announced products with lots of lots and gore as beheading, hair-adding around, full of scare while Sabretooths seen and mediocre special effects The story provides exciting and stimulating entertainment but causes it very bad. The majority are made by the computer generators and they seem to be very good .The show shows although players do well to be food. Aganga provides physical displays for creation, run, closure and prohibition or watch over walls. And it's the last deadly pack of death. There are no small children in fact, gory and violent attack scenes. Other films about Sabretooth or Smilodon are the following: to Sabretooth (2002) Rby James R Hickox and Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies with better ¨10,000 BC (2006) ¨ and Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle. This picture of a full-time bloody tour is dominated by George Miller and without any background because it takes a lot of things from past films. Miller is an Australian director usually working for television (Tidal wave, Journey in the middle of the world, and many others) and regularly for movies (Someone from snowy river, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Testing: Below average, less barrel.
