This offer of 3 is not what I would offer the first Soviet edition of this film. It seems that the US-International (a studio known at the lowest price of 60 years) bought this film and destroyed it completely - hitting two hours with a film in a 64-minute film! In addition, a lot of 64 minutes was a new material (such as "creation") - so you know that this film is not very close to nature. The original film seems to be a direct declaration on the Soviet victory of space - although I don't really know what it was originally! With the background of the original film, read the review of Steven Nyland - it was very helpful. The way, this was the third of the Soviet film I've seen that the US-International bought and then hacked away from making a "new film" of a regular practice for a company that was ready to put anything on The screens to make it buck - released, of course, was no more expensive than buck in the first place! This American film was on two world powers of an opponent (not US and Soviets) trying to be the first to Mars. The wicked "wicked" try but fail to "good boys" save one of the idiot attackers and then go to Mars. Unfortunately, they are beaten for a month of Mars where they see some monsters (added by the US-International) which are REAAAALLY cheesy and one carries the same as part of the female anatomy. Then, they are saved - return the heroes of the world. Below is below that the film was too late - to turn to a piece of amazing art (for some time) it turned out to be a class C. For this reason, the Soviet had a reason to hate America! I was just surprised that the terrible A-work I did with this film did not convince them to refuse to sell more films for these jerks! It's worth watching laughter, but the worst time that makes you laugh is a few and middle. So, the film is dud - not bad enough to make it a must-see for the bad flower films and also dopey taken seriously. I would like to see this film in its original form - it must be a picture.
