Monster is a non-commercial movie on a bad cement factory in the United States (Is there anything else in Hollywood?) Polluted the city of Colombia's small town of Chimayo in some way to form fish and fewer fish and free women. James Mitchum is Bill Travis a man who has been sent to Chimayo by his master pastor Barnes who cannot keep his hands behind his writer to go down (pun intended) of the story. Although in the Chimayo Bill it must fight against the proud author who appears to spread all his stories in the perfect English to automatically return to America. I think in the seventy years there was a news market from small towns of South America. There is also a radical called Sanchez which seeks to destroy the factory for polluting the water which by the way, also provides the city and work for citizens, but why then the cold economy heart find a way to touchy-feely enviro-marxism. Pete factory leader is not recognized by the monster while having sex with his ex-partner on the beach, he tells him that he sees Juanita's daughter and is in the middle of them, then they are immediately shot that night. Step side by side without evidence. My hat is far from you Sir. John Carradine walks out of the cast as a priest believes that a monster has been sent by God to punish sinners. You can see the shame she has for being in this film in her face. It is also possible to run him in the local currency contest to see if his check has not broken. It depends on the true story, so they tell it twice in the opening credit, this film is bad on all borders. The movie began in 1971 and was left until eight years later when Kenneth Hartford put his foot on the throat of the Monster by raising his two bitter children as new characters, even putting his daughter, Andrea in high pay with Mitchum and Carradine. The sound quality was not available and many of the images looked like someone shouted on the camera before opening the picture. This is done even more during the many night events. The animal itself is laughable if it brings its huge head of rubber to the end of anticlimactic. James Mitchum and his brother Chris are proof that preference in the acting industry should be reduced. Unknown dreck. Mr. John Carradine.
