Although it should not be exactly, the 1967 "Pauline Pain" is certainly a moral one. The title can enable you to expect taxes for Pearl White (formerly Pauline in 1914, silently) but because you would like to be used well with the 1947 edition that speaks of Betty Hutton. This 1967 edition is like a combination of "Casino Royale" and the most frail Elvis movies. Worse of all this is not a combination of these but more like a person who unites the groups from each other so that something can go back and forth between two styles. The existing unity in production comes from pairing of Pamela Austin (Pauline) and Pat Boone (George Steadman), a good match because all do not even know the basic skills of acting (imagine Mandy Moore playing opposite Dan Quayle). Austin could play against John Aston in "Evil Roy Slade", and the difference of talent among them really painful watch. In the mid-60's was a girl "Dodge Rebellion", as well as she had shown in the same series of bad conditions - consider Sandra Dee in the dark blue jumpsuit. When an automaker advertisement agency chose him and the girl "Dodge Fever" someone got a sharp idea to show him on the feature film. What stories here begins with Pauline growing in Baskerville Home Founding run by actress who played with Ms Chatsworth Osborne Sr. on "Dobie Gillis". George likes with him (Pauline-not Mrs Osborne) and several sabotages opportunities that should be used. George leaves his search for his 19-year-old fortune Pauline gets a train of a wealthy oil-rich Central Middle East. When she tries to add an interesting blonde to her harem she runs away and goes from danger to danger. These include African veins, a 99½ million-year-old who wants to tie until a one-year-old granddaughter for marriage, film industry, and Russian space scheme. <br /> <br /> All this is intended to be silly and charming but it can only be a silly part. There is an attempt to enter a silent film to watch the tracking step by enhancing the camera's downstream (which moves the action). Unfortunately everything else (film stock, production structure, editing) is depressingly of 1960. Nothing here is approaching the pictures of Pearl White on a log moving toward the buzz-saws or tied to a railroad track waiting for a nearby train. <br /> <br /> Then again, what do I know? I am just a child.
