Here's how you do: Believe in God and repent for your sins. Then things should go back to the next day or so. <br /> <br /> Until the last fifteen minutes, this movie looks just like a bad reference to a drunkard's life. His mother dies. The woman's mother is b_tch. His father dies. He drinks. He gets married. He has children. He drinks more. His wife gets mad. He breaks his children. Wife threatens to leave. He calls the pastor at night b / c wants to commit suicide. Then, after repeating, it is when we get the "left" message of the trick. <br /> <br /> "Needed payment". This is the words I have to repeat once and once the reputation began to spread so I could not lose my respect for Madsen. Madsen kneels to pray for Christ's forgiveness. Once he was doing, he went out and said he really sees the world in different ways. He tells his wife that he has found God and that is good for him. Flip scene four months with a wife tired to go to church. Last movie as a walk of Madsen with a bar and offers soliloquy about how happy he is with Christ and without alcohol. End time? He gives a little wave to the bar (ie the house of sin) and gives him homosexuals, Miami-Makamu, back to the special thanks to the school after school as a freezing camera. See why I had to repeat the words? "He needed payment". This movie is bad. The B-class production standards of 80 are not very helpful. The script can be easy "part to touch with angels". It can be closed for 30 minutes with ads. Acting is a wooden and never trusted. Even Madsen, who is a big fan and that's the only reason I have lived through this, shows that this is his first job job and he doesn't know his $$ from his waist still on the camera. 45 minutes in it I began to despair. This was like homework. I wanted to put it off and say it was right, I saw half of it. That's very good. But no. If I sat through Cheerleader Ninjas, I could stay all this. The only reason I don't know this is 1 is two points: 1) I love Madsen. I know it's not right. But it is good to see the head of the opening "Introducing Michael Madsen". Sue me. 2) Some Talks are very bad that they are classic. I will include some quotes at the end of this so you can enjoy it too. <br /> <br /> That's about it. In order to close, this is a piece of skin that should be left by the rest. But hey! Look! Michael Madsen! (See also TILT, INFORMATION INFORMATION, BOSS'S BABY, etc.). Now I'm gotta rewatch Reservoir Dog and watch Madsen tortured for cop to get my honor back to him. Look at, Children. "These things make me blind, but I have a drink." - Madsen walking out after confessing to God. your hair
