In the summer which also boasted stinkers like snakes on Birds and Da Vinci Code, that's very good words. But I stand with it however. Superman Returns, as well as King Kong 6 months before it, is more long, adequate and with CGI up to the eyes of the eyes. My God, these things take my head. Richard Donner had the idea of ​​'putting it real' to his two exhibitions. And I see his way of special effects and eyes to be more accurate. Brian Singer escapes us with a lot of CGI that removes you out of the story and reminds you that you are looking at the blockbuster of the wannabe which thinks that the only way to impress the audience is to spend 250 million dollars (large amounts of money) on the negative effects that don't go to smell. We've seen everything and we've been everywhere that CGI can take us. No reality or share in this. And for the film which is 95% made by this trick ... well you see it. I have read many reviews from fanboy critics about how the film has a 'soul' or 'human heart' or 'a tendency to tender'. Puh rental! Already we have had a glorious superheros we shouted 'would like to love me if you know who I am' several times already in recent years and SR offers absolutely no new in this regard. Even the plot is desired waste. Lex Luthor (widely sent by hammy Kevin Spacey) to arrange the destruction of the American land was done in the first film already! And, well ... that's your vote! It is amazing that they could draw this junk up to 2.5 hours of painful! Even if the cast were proposed it would make it a bit. But Brandon Routh has a mahogany hat seat, Kate Bosworth feels like a prize winner of the Pulitzer, James Marsden is a 250% timber, as is the case with Kevin Spacey needs a fire or his agent's best judgment. The only member I liked was Parker Posey. But I am in attractive girls. <br /> <br /> Every film film like this finds great and more bombastic. Soon we will have 300 million films. Studios need to realize that maybe they should start looking down rather than looking up. For all the money that Warner spent on this pile of decoration, for all the resources that this film had to do ... was it worth it? In my opinion, certainly not! This waste has put me to Superman for life!
