This movie was very pregnant from every angle except technology. I stood and watched everyone walking out of the theater, their faces were disfigured if their eyes looked in front of their eyes - eyes blinding their neighbors, wondering if they were just. I mean, the film can be very bad. No one accepts it, it's the common case of the King wearing clothes. "Who am I asking the question that the boy leaves the flight of the plane?" But the fact remains, every member of the audience thinks what I am writing right now. I really took their faces off. It is clear that Lois has been raised with power, he cannot even have a cup of coffee with Superman and Vilas that do not stop airplanes. It cannot look for its "eyes" to the depth of its soul or something like that. For the Older people, he had a certain level of connection with him, he had no priority number 1, obviously, but it strengthened his character that "finished". I betty Henry Kissinger could even win Lois on before Clark Kent. And now it's official, Kryptonite does Superman what you eat in McDonalds to do with avg. man. SUPERMAN "ONE" Loses his father on earth, then finds his real father, the story attracts every step of the way. He is a human being, is related to people and feels love for people, tells high school students, tells people who feel different. He explains. Superman Returns Superman looks just to relate to Superpeople and seems to him just "working" when he saves people. <br /> <br /> There is something about Clark that Lois likes, he really in love with him but he can accept it, and when he enters the picture like Superman, it gives us a kink in the love-of-rocks. Without Superman, he would have loved love with Clark (at least what the film shows, whether it is interested or not). Superman Returns is a story of love between a woman and SUPERMAN, Clark is like a bunch of maneur horses to Lois. In fact. <br /> <br /> SUPERMAN TWO I just watched it again. As a child, I "thought" I enjoyed the act, but now I know it's a story that has also set me, and watch it regularly. If I have seen Superman coming back as a child, I would like to hate it too, I think. It is a very hearty soul and a lot of energy around this film, it's sick. Superman gives his power to love as the world plot continues and at the same time, for, Lex Luther has found something extraordinary on his sleeve. SUPERMAN THREE There is now a third story of love between Superman and Lana and Clark, humanitarian achievements and the nature of Clark closes the power of Superman, because when its SUPERMORIA nature has gone with it SuperHUMAN (who does humanity and his power), sees not the ability of Superman that he likes, not SUPERpowerman, but SUPERMORTAL that he likes - and who is really SUPER. And when he tells Clark "he loves" for Superman, he is happy, he has made human relationships again. He wants to be accepted for him, not only for his ability to hit the metal. THIS IS THE STUFF'S EXAMPLE THAT'S MISSING FROM SUPERMAN RETURNS. Clark super-sneezes help the child get a strike - humanity again. Further, it is the use of INERESTING of the authority. He is not just using a powerful force. He breaks coal into the diamond for his wife because he had to sell it, love is the only thing that makes her use her power instead of saving. It seems there is nothing involved in the return of Superman. Even in Superman Three, we see the damage caused by the plot of the world administration of Nemesis .. we see the suffering, we see how it affects Pryor and others and people in its midst .. no damage, esp. emotionally from Lex's plot to sink America. We see the glob of the cast cast in space. Superman had to get very creative in the first three Supermans to stop the plot against him, he could not only "reach" his power. In the first, he had to leave two missiles to go in a different way and then break all his authority and delete history to save the life of Lois ... (this was three years !! ") In the second, he had out of three boys that had already been and more powerful, but with Lex's skills, and the evil methods of crime, Superman was more powerful, had one job against others and drove them out ... In Superman III, again, his strength was not enough to win. He needed to delete the computer that counted everything he saw. He could not use direct abuse on the computer because it calculated earlier, so he had the use of benign acid that would only be deadly to the computer after the computer to deal with the oppression. when he could not only use his power to extinguish fire because it was a chemical fire, so he had to use his superbrains - he could not carry water, so he froze the lake and stops over the fire. Now in Superman Returns, he just lungs the island in outerspace, as night night for UPS. It doesn't need to think anything out, she only uses her "super power". And the beauty of Lex was shown on the level of premeditation of the junkie who lost out of the junk. To say there is no fact that he lost the island in the outside after being beaten by the kife of kyrptonite right in the blood and the island was the crack of the kryptonite crack in his face, but he left his eyes and nose just as if not Gray Poupon was watching.
