I think this film is a suitable tax for the first movie of Superman, since it is like a player with a long pain like nature. When the only opening area of ​​the visuals has a negative impact, credit pays respect to the star-looking-to-their-time-run brilliant credits of the original Superman film. <br /> <br /> Then there are some more murky things. Ma Kent sees some kind of ruckus shrinking on the field, and uses a good part of my life slowly walking on dirt on the maize field. Then Superman comes on it and despair. Then we catch the Lex Luthor in the nearest area near the old woman dies. We don't see the face of the Luthor to the end of the area, the original model of the film car to leave the hackneyed stone is removed. Lex Luthor is a person who does not like Superman because he is not a man. Also, maybe it does not like humans, as the movie constantly shows some kind of plot about Lex Luthor plans to kill a large number of people in the world. After a while, Clark Kent shows back to his past job (I forgot to mention, he had gone on a five-year trip where nothing happened). Then sees Lois Lane has a little child and is dating Cyclops. It is so overwhelming that it loses control of its high power to the extent that it breaks the image of an accident. At the moment we see that Miss Lane is a kind of aircraft with some people. type transfer space. It's some kind of important event because that's on television. Then we learn that there are people in the control room to monitor this event. There are also people watching it on television and there are pilots in the cockpit. The film reminds us that these people are involved in cutting among them for many summer seasons. As events that lead to an inevitable catastrophe began to form, I left to get soda. I turned back to the wrong field and saw that the film about Al Gore shows the slides in full. I tried to find my way back to Superman Returns, but somehow I surrounded it in Prairie Home Companion, which I looked at twice in a row. Then it was time to stop around. I walked back to the first reminder, I found my seat, and I looked up to see that Lois Lane's tragedy was moving around us. However, it seemed to be taking forever, so I walked around the theater, I met a girl, married, gave birth to a child and took her to college. When I attended the graduation of a human school, I remembered that I must look upon the return of Superman, so I was proud to go back to the playground just to learn that there is no urgent need. It still took about half an hour before the things caused by the Space Role. When they did, Superman saved everyone, which was very cold. <br /> <br />. And then there's a lesson where Superman returns true creepy and starts talking Lois Lane and his family with his X-ray vision and super hearing. Then she tries to make her get a Cyclops, who looks like a good person. <br /> <br /> At the same time, Lex Luthor participates in some kind of competition to show every possible character of the heritage before the end of the movie. I forgot to bring my home home and I (give you one door), but I think it scored damn around one hundred percent. I hope he will win a million dollars. At this time, things begin to give birth to a great shiny finale. I think maybe the projector was broken, because the movie seemed to be in some sort of loop for a while here. I remember seeing the things that were growing out of the water, Superman being sick, Superman getting better, returning to bad things, he is ill again, no waiting, he is right again. <br /> <br /> Then Lex Luthor began its bad end man move: begging for his little girlfriend. <br /> <br /> Then Superman died and returned to life. I thought the movie was gone, and so I came out. About 90 years later, the nursing home I lived in was a little. I found I left my sweatshirt back to the theater, and I went to find it. When I did, I was surprised to see that the return of Superman did not grow yet. I tried to ask some of the audience what I had missed, but most of them were just skeletons of gray gray now. I sat again in my old chair and watched as Lois Lane was putting her next to her house for a while. Then Superman appeared and began to quote the beginning of the film, and since I saw the place I thought it was okay to leave. <br /> <br /> That's my opinion to return Superman. Oh, too, if you like jokes about people eating dogs or jokes about one dog eating another dog, you will love this movie. Because there are two jokes like it in it.
