First, I would just like to comment on what I liked about the film. Special effects were strange, and I often felt like I was watching a video game. There, that's the last thing to say about this film. In fact, I would just like everyone to read this note that I could not even put words in a difficult way to write these reviews without swearing. I have unexpected complaints about the film, but two major complaints are running on the mind. My first major complaint relates to the incredible joy of "twist twist" (if you call it because most people probably saw it coming miles away) where Lois's 5-year-old looks very strong to Superman's child. When the older child playing the piano in Lex's pastor rescues her mother, I almost woke up and left the theater. The singer could make a better film of Superman without expecting the cheap gimmicks as a seemingly fragile child who could be legitimate for a short time. It has been 5 days since I got the movie and I still want to vomit. My second complaint relates to the fact that Superman raises the continent released by the kryptonite to the outer space. It will not take a comic book from the Simpsons to show what is wrong with it. I don't know how many comic books Brian Singer has read, but when Superman appears to a small amount of kryptonite he is very strong to sit on his feet. Anyone who had the idea of ​​having to fly a big island made by the greatest weakness in space has no business associated with any projects related to Superman ever again. The concept is as ridiculous as making a movie of Dracula where the head attitude has liability through his heart and still manages to fly a spaceship made out of onions in the sun. Why not just Superman eat kryptonite? He can eat and then mix his teeth, and then go to sleep in kjaponite pajamas. That is not surprising then pouring the kryptonite basin into space and then fall without power at least without a flush on entering or spreading on the main reserve when falling down. My third major complaint relates to the fact that the singer blows the movie-goers face to face with a religious icon whole movie. I need to deal with the character of Superman as the only son of Jor-el of God sent to the earth to be the Savior. Jor-el was not all wise, only a scientist. And he did not send his son to the earth to be a savior, throwing him into a rocket and quickly wiped it out of space because his planet was about to explode. I will be able to purchase Christ as a man of Brian to show me a part of the Bible where God sends Christ to the earth because Heaven was about to explode, and then the Heavenly fragments into the weakness of Christ. Additionally, the "crucifixion" area where Luthor stabs Superman in the side with the kryptonite "spear" just makes me want to slam my face in bricks until I'm also brain and die for brazenly clear information and is not a sign that is looking for a metal man for A visible future. They can also mention this film "Superman Returns: Passion of Christ." And talking about Luthor, my last final complaint relates to Singer's artist L Luthor. Lex Luthor is a smart, cool winter man who can run to the President (which he does in the community) than trying to destroy the world. The man wants money and power; he wants to have a reward, not to destroy everything. However Luthor we see Superman Returns, along with all the original Superman movies, are wacky dunce presentations who comes up with zany to destroy the world. If the singer had little loyalty to characters instead of the old Superman movies (awesome) in the past, this film could be irritated. Singer's second project could be a movie of Batman where he considers Batman's commentary from the 1960 television show. WHAP! POW !! In short, I don't know what the most hate, the movie itself or the fact that many people seem to give it good reviews. Everyone has the right to their views, but if you do not hate this film then your comments are correct. I sincerely urge anyone who reads this not to see this movie if you have never. Don't see it, don't buy it when it comes to the DVD, don't rent it ... basically contributes to any money in any way. This movie is not recommended to make any money. In fact, I think that for everyone sees this film, Bryan Singer should be fined $ 45 billion. If you are a fan Superman and you really want to see this film, just bend up and become a kick person in the balls and you will get the same experience without losing 2 hours of your time.
