I saw the third week of Nightmares of Stephen Kings and Dreamscapes mini series; meaning, I saw 6 sessions so far. I tell you that the story is very weak. I have read Skeleton Crew's Stephen King, a collection of his short stories published back. I remember many stories were of the poorest of the poor but there was one that was very good, if not the best. What I am trying to say is just because this mini series comes from a collection of stories from Stephen King does not mean that it will be any good. In fact, if its original collection of short stories is of any sign, then this mini series will be the average for the poor. <br /> In Stephen King's defense, I've never read these new stories. Maybe they're as good as the story in the book and it's not easy to deal with television, or maybe it was the journalist's fault in trying to write an interesting script. Who knows. Also, these short stories can be made for this mini series and not for printing purposes. Maybe that could be a problem. If Stephen King has presented these painter stories to the editor, I am sure the editor will tell him to make it more interesting because as it is, it's just boring. What is clear from all this is that the problem with the story / script and not the executives and supervisors because this mini series has the best people they do. Seeing this mini series makes me aware of the "Twilight" old "series. Each series had only half an hour but it had compelled and hitting riveting. I am sure this mini series had a good deal of money to make a good mini-run but unfortunately, something should not be clicking. The author begins to see the changes in the picture while driving home. Feeling anxious, he gives us a painting but he keeps looking around him. Also, an individual photo in the photo is killing people (I will not mention even the second part of this week involving criminals and their loss because it was worse than this part!) <br /> <br /> this is interesting and so the story should be good but after seeing Me, I was at risk because there were many barriers in the story with the external materials that were shown that it had nothing to help the story. After the last area, I was left with more questions than answers. I tried it for 3 weeks to get into this mini series but it was only stimulating due to bad stories / script. If this was a movie, I would advise that people are supposed to wait for the movie to come out of the cable or such. I can't even recommend you rented in your video store. However, given that this is on TNT, the cable station, I would say if you haven't seen it already, then try it for a week. If you do not like this week, then you don't like the previous series and even later, since they all share the same behavior.
