Stephen King's short stories are small gems, and the original ideas that will not take long to develop; basically depends on and means - puts them quickly in a small number of pages, you read 'em, and you have finished before you know you start. They are similar to the cartoons of McDonald's - they really enjoy the good and you know there is no nutritional value in them (re: from the perspective of the text, they do not have much about the human condition in the world), but still growing under the coffee, you have no pig and go to the top of the top and fill up many grease ("fatty lot" is an example of the prose in King's novels when you learn to read one of them and say you are coming - enough with a cultural or clever observation Yankee asides - reach with the story already! ) He has written four books to collect short stories. I have read them all - from NightShift to the latest, Everything of the Event, and all show the effectiveness of access-to-point which sometimes lacks in the size of the tome size. But his short stories don't invite you to entertain ... which brings us to a state of the dream television and Dreamscapes ... <br /> How in hell did (producers of series) get green- light turning stories that usually exceed 15 pages in 50 minutes? I'll tell you how - two words - "Stephen King." The story and its name on them probably did not come cheap, and an hour shows to broadcast more than half an hour, so ... what was what was supposed to be a 23 or 24-minute segment has been twice as long, and twice business ... Ka-Ching! <br /> <br /> I can't waste time connecting these stadiums - this assessment notes you have ever read the story and / or see the show; what follows is just my epidemic of what the TNT presented ... Out of four phases so far, here is my tenth assessment (from first to worse): <br /> <br /> Battlefield - Sio classic in any way, but hey, how can anyone accuse William Hurt to open his trap by publishing this section without a single line of conversation? And the language-in-cheerful reflection and the demolition of Zuni's killers from Trilogy Of Terror showed me the producers (and the reporter of the teleplay, the son of Richard Matheson - the author of TOT) knew their message and this was to commit a deadly act , but at the same time, rejoicing. It took a long time to reach the Hurt floor than it should have, but I think it fulfills it. Umney's last review - You liked this especially because of William H. Macy's performance. I think the author / Umney should be seen in a quick story within a private eye / Umney beginning because he was a real story of the story, and anyone who knows the story of the king (probably half, if not many viewers) knew the setting of Chandleresque because of interference The author's truth, then let's go ahead with that, and get a private Dick self-made booth. As soon as the family of the Umney family / writer began to reveal though, I thought that the show has developed a emotional relationship that made the artist (I, at least), a pity for the real life of Macy's survival of his sadness by using his fascinating life creation. 6/10 End of All Messages - Uh, this title is how I felt about this time when it was over. After twenty minutes, I had shouted on the TV - right, we got ready, little brother is Mega Mensa Genius Prodigy Extraordinaire! We know from Ron Livingston to talk to the camera ("time comes for me" - not quickly, I thought) that a little boy will get something wrong with humanity - we know this because he has already been built a plane but almost died because he could not remove the tree path; and, he sounded a chemistry when engaging himself in chemistry (considering the end of the world could be prevented if this child had more parental control). Most of the time it was lost on the introduction of Henry Thomas, when we finally reached the solution of its discovery - the end of the world through an unprecedented idiocy - how much can we see in the world? what he reports, and a short radio broadcast announcing the day of judgment is near. Oh, and the parents of the brothers come out and sing the old songs. My quote is, if your story is really about the "end of the whole mess (world)", I want to see "mess" as it goes on fire and fall and burn. Talk about the end of surprise, in fact. Continue to end - This session has only taken place. I was living with an eternal show of a happy couple coming to their hotel, playing a string-and-tickle, eating lunch, and getting a taxi (which was halfway there), once they crossed in Crouch at the end of the given period , but failed to fail. It was not just terrible, it was laughable. Ooh, look - kitty ... wait, it turns ... oh my god! Look at the frightening eye! Uh-huh. They could go a long way towards imitating the sequence of Crouch End night rather than daytime, too. Things you can get funny without regard can be bad when you see them in the shadows of the night. But I think the budget was not enough to shoot at night in London's fake sets that were hit together for this. On the page, this is a very frightening story about tourists who travel around where they should not have bad things that can go around the corner. The only terrorism in these changes is to lead and act - those were really terrible. 1/10 <br /> Average Series Series (so far): 4/10
