No one goes to the film like Hill and Eyes 2 and expects the second coming of Citizen Kane. Similarly it is true for a large number of fricks of rental rent less, especially those Roger Ebert have called "movies of the dead youth." Mountains With Eyes 2 definitely fit as a Movie of the Dead Child, alone here, young people have been given high visibility of military forces. Some will say the verse "is the only movie" when the reality involved in the movie review, but I've always believed that all good fantasy must be taken into account in order to be effective. In the Mountains and Eyes 2, we should believe the main characters are military people in the training exercise, but they watch and talk as children of high school camp in the desert. Negotiations are wrong and often cause excess. Although films are not available to compare, I kept thinking about these "soldiers" who were in Platoon, and trembling with fear. Very little about the characters drive out more soldiers than guns and fatigue: radio transmission is done as a young phone conversation; Colonel is the address as "hey, asshole" and Personal. And no one seems to have a little idea to do, or any form of order, when things start to go wrong. I think of the soldiers at James Cameron's guests, a fantasy of a fresh fantasy, and how even those future Marine were like a real soldier despite their wonderful circumstances. Dream is really standing. I try to start watching 5 films at 10, and judging the strengths and weaknesses from there. You have to allow the login agreement; no way to Star Wars is a good film as Godfather, for the same words. But both are the best examples of their kind. At the same time, when the Mountains and Eyes 2 are a very frightening exercise in the amateur and grassy text, it is only a little worse in the issue than the typical Youth of Modern Movie. On the technical side, the movie seems to have a good quality of production and it is very well done in the same perspective. Events that are surprisingly organized, or which are planned to encourage quickness or suspension usually work. So, when looking at Mountains and Eyes 2 can be worse than death, there is certainly more fearful in circulation. It is worth watching for those who enjoy this kind of stuff without the usual loads of the fanboy, or those who are unwilling to consider every movie they see is either better or worse than at all. If you do not “get” fear, especially the kind of Youth of the Dead, you will not have a good time with this. <br /> <br /> 4/10
