THAKI was the remake of the best film in every way. Many remakes have become a general garbage but under the very talented direction of Alexandre Aja became one of the best ever made in terms of remakes and also as far as the human inbreed mutant of the kind of fear is concerned. In the 2nd stage directed by another man Martin Weisz and written by the father and son of Jonathan and Wes "I can make a good movie to save my life" Craven and if this is any sign of Weisz's leading skills and youth Craven's skills writing we are all for the future of pain as THHE 2 not only fails to be as good as the first but also fails to enjoy everyone's level. We start with the birth of a beautiful mutant baby which is so cold it will not be prepared for all the trash that will come, it just shows what might be in this film. We find to see the staff of scientists who are all brought and deployed by radiation. In our main stage of the reservist army to save the day, this is where major problems begin. From small to acting (yes even to this type of film) for horrible characters and the lack of real killings for a lot of time THES 2 becomes a job of checking if nothing happens as an idiotic soldier make mistakes after errors only meet the destruction not for mutants but themselves. Think of Marines in Guests just the opposite and you have the idea of ​​how these soldiers are well taught. This is the real shame of films if most of the Districts who do not get the killings would like to see, like in the first film, in fact if this did not have this appendix 2 at the beginning and a brief description at starting this link freely to this first one could be near The original Sci-Fi Channel. The Mutant Mountain is also not suitable at this time and in many ways. for our original group as they all come as being designed and not recommended. Also the one who took the cake was Mutant's Sloth (you know Sloth from Goonies) who helps them in the third act. I waited for him to ask Ruth for Baby or to start to start on Rocky Road Ice Cream. The reality and shame is the only way to describe a lot of works here. <br /> <br /> Gore is in the film but not as close as the visceral as originally it seemed toned down to a large part as opposed to the birthplace of the children of the mutant there is really not anything that stands like the first. Another great strike against this film. So what works here, the answer is anything. This felt like a specially designed order to make money away from the success of the first and not to make a "good" film. I can go on the SGT Drill of Crappy, a radio man that has barriers to speech (that's true, he's kind of guy I want radioing for help in a real crisis) or a fighter fighter like The same mold and character as our "hero" in the first film but I believe you get the point. This film does not exist in one league or even the same planet as the first. It should be given another name and added to Sunday night on the Sci-Fi Center. A real embarrassment like a solid sequel would have been made but the taste looks like another movie of fear that gives us the ball around each level and get one of my low marks as I give TH 2 the same color as its part: 2/10 Fear: Words can't describe how This movie is the opposite of the total pola of its predecessor in every way, without consideration and low-right mandatory. Once the boys are going to do this bad sequel ... don't worry. Please don't go and support these trash on movies, save your money and thank me later!
