I am not afraid of the movie of fear, but the children of my wife and brother are. So, I saw the first movie. It was terrible, and time, but not my taste. Still still good. For similar reasons, at this very moment, I seem to have someone else. <br /> <br /> The column itself is more amazing. I can buy that disaster from the desert. I can buy mutants that exist. I can even buy that events can be wonderful and wonderful that the military can decide to participate. It is impossible, yes, but I am determined to stop my faith. Here, in any case I am not ready to believe that the military squad that has been given the opportunity to create such a place will not be able to erase mutants. Being a member of the UN Army, I can assure you that when new employers cannot have eyes and experience of the warriors, all employees will be put into the force force. <br /> <br /> Army soldiers should not be taken with a few mutants and knives. That's the way it works. Army forces, a great fire force, and of course, radio support, would ensure that no less than total victory. I don't know you can't have injuries, but once the area will be confirmed as hate, military training would be followed, no one will go alone even using the bathroom. And if it detected that the area has been greatly affected by the squad that this force was not able to address the risk, it would be radio for storage. And if you believe me, their resources are not considered, if there is a chance that normal radios cannot do, the squad will have a military issue of satellites. Chances are, if they can't watch every hour, the search will be called. To accept this film, you must admit that our soldiers are useless fools, and inadequate leaders, and an excessive chain of command. Although it may still be the most dangerous thing in the world is a lieutenant and a map and a campus, our military forces are filled with wise, trained, capable soldiers. The knives were under our ability to cope. To be fully implemented with the film is completely dependent and impossible to imagine, the film is not suitable to provide. Instead, we are expected to believe that our soldiers, at sea, and airmen cannot deal with other political threats. <br /> <br /> As a warrior, I see a contemptible film.
