Is there no one who is tired of this old picture where almost a dead person has shown a horrible film, gives us some details, and then reduces its head for no reason? I know I am. Unfortunately, the use of this film is free. If you have seen the first film (the first remake I must say) then the information presented is not good enough, because it would have been known. I think, you might not mean for the main characters but then why idiot strikes himself? Did not want to live? Indeed, he would die the same. This is the second film called "Mountains and Eyes II". The first to be sequel for the original 70's film. This is where it gets a little harder for someone like me. Look, I probably are part of a few of my age people who even knew that HHE2 started with, under the original HHE1. And now that we have a series of remake and the fact that this sequel is the same name as the sequel to the original HHE1 ... it just makes the worse! But even then .. The original Mountain of Wes Craven And Macho were honorable. In the end, however, the idea was much better than the presentation, but most likely had a small budget. Be completely honest, Wes Craven is not good for the director of fear. He has just done some horrible movies (Night on Elm St., New Nightmare), a few of them (shouting) and a group of evil (Curse, Shocker, Vampire in Brooklyn). Oh, and made Swamp Thing, too ... but the original H2 is located under the last category. I just saw a few minutes, but it was terrible. Now he has written a new HHE2 cooperation and it is such a desire! HYE of last year, remake was better than the original film. It was time. I think it was related to the fact that the main characters were family, and not a group of beer and pot with young people who did not have sex. It made us feel dirty. At the first hour, we were in hell, and finally in the last moment, good people take revenge on the bad people and they felt good. <br /> <br /> This new film has no tension. There is no doubt. Only violent things happen to many ignorant people. There is hardly a horrible existence here. The worst hobo just hide under rocks. I get tired of horrible movies where people die because of the stupid mistakes they continue. It was just another day I watched the "Blue Blue Sea" where Samuel L. Jackson was going around the water, giving the lecture, and then eating with shark, just because the idiot sat next to the water. that! Here is the same thing. People may go to themselves to get aggressive even though they know people are dying. Indeed, you could not wait for alcohol? And when you think people would learn, someone else goes alone! To a large extent, not more frightening when characters bring their A-game and still lose? I would like to think of that ... <br /> <br /> Even under open. It should make them the first remake looks like a "fog" remake (which was less dangerous than part of "Becker"). The worst people. More time in the caves. More tension. More than everything. But it actually decreases. Very young people. No tension. Certainly we have more time in the caves, but not much all happens there. At the end, it seems only if there are two or three bad guys. The last film made it look like a whole tribe of people. Where is this tribe? Who keeps watching them through binoculars? Hardly, these are the things that this film should bring us, but it ends with the same promise that the last film gave us, and the same as "watch" area. Come! I will give the devil a must. The appearance of the film is good .. but it is. I don't think even fans of this year will do this ... although maybe I'm wrong! There is a year (though many of them are reduced in the dark), but without tension, and the characters you care about. At the end, you are not afraid. You, we were not surprised (unless you are a 8-year-old girl). You don't feel even if you've seen anything new.
