This incredible and unpredictable film is certainly a "Hamlet" version that can access the screen. Branagh's method of material can only be described as vulgar; go as far as Ophelia shows in the jacket directly, and have a Fortinbras army appear suddenly on the horizon (look like a peak of "Monty Python and Grail Holy") when the building is only preserved by Francisco (who cries out un-Shakespearean's "heaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" before shooting, and groups of star stars that witnessed the days of Kate under Jimmy Cagney and Mary Pickford. Branagh chose to put his film in Edwardian's context but at the same time decided to employ a non-standard text, so the regular discussions that firmly established in Elizabethan's point of view are useless. And Branagh is not dealing with written subtleties such as the perfect relationship of Hamlet and Olphelia, treating viewers in the normal sexual scene between a couple who cause any complexity outside the glass window. > Unusual text allows Branagh to embark on its proposed movie: more details of Kenneth Branagh. This is not as obvious as "All My Exercises To Me" words that end up the first half of the fifteen-hour film (at least that's how it feels), which tries to play on the great crescendo on Gone With Wind "I will never be hungry again." This can be used by Branagh ego, but does not use Shakespeare or speech: When I saw the film in the theater, I stood on my friend and snickered "Great Moments and Mr. Hamlet." Branagh saves at the end of the funniest and most improper, while trying to make out Olivier's film and death of Claudius's death by having Hamlet jump from the tower to the king, throwing him with a sword. Branagh's dane makes the king boldly throwing a rapier of magic visible from the palace to run through the heart of Claudius and the eye of the super hero of the bull. The only thing that has been saved from that time is the feeling of uncertainty is that it was far beyond the funny wall. When this film has been promoted in other quarters as a major manifestation of the tragedy, it is certainly nothing but a star-star star-star manufacturer once acquired by its own narcissism. The king has no clothes, and this Hamlet has nothing to offer but a few should not laugh and see amazing for one ego out of control.
