Okay, we can't get confused here. If this is the original remake of an ancient fear, does that mean that it is automatically a remake of the original series of ethnic fear? Here is the hope that it is not a common principle, such as Wes Craven's own original "Mountains and Eyes"? released somewhere during the 80's? it's one of the worst horror movies that have been created. The second part had no real plot and reused for the original image to further improve the realization of the realistic and horrible background. Craven also wanted us to believe even dogs faced with flashbacks and bad memories, as the German Shepard loyal family Carter also experienced his blood struggle with one of the hillbillies mountain. There were terrifying signs that show us that this last will be a terrible failure as well. The reference was released for a year ago and here is good ready? The wonderful time of his release right causes the question of the script. Don't need a little more time if they want to come up with a film that should be awesome, awesome and disturbing? For his best film, Alexandre Aja next to one foot exchanges a general comment on a terrible remake, for he had the courage and intellect to change the key elements in the plot and add more than a despair than anyone could expect. Also, Aja is a good talented director and put himself in touch with his French acute "High Tension", but who is the new director? The "Mountains and Eyes" was an unexpected hit, valued by experienced and experienced generations of awesome fans and proposed small groups. It is a very good film and, although the new sequels and new clones are inevitable, it is impossible for one of them to be equal to the level of the amazing Aja hit. Considering all of this in mind, with a very high level of personal concern, I must admit that this subscriber is really not as bad as expected. Screenplay is a common bounty and fear of cliched, establishing a large number of characters with a few fingers or even no spine and not showing how to be killed by normal freaks. After the first film events, the US Army has set up a camp in the middle of the Mexican Desert to investigate the results of the nuclear tests, which took place in the 50 and 60 years. The radiation, scientists and researchers create a tasty starter until the force of the non-competent soldiers comes to the truck. They are required to stop food and equipment but meet their final military training when they are faced with quick humanoids that live in mining residues. This is basically a number only for the number Slasher and dumb characters who are, even after losing a few of their friends already, are still trying to isolate themselves from the group and act as easy targets to kill. It is also very easy to describe who will make it from this active adventure, especially when one of the soldiers is opposed to all forms of violence and the other is constantly looking at a video of his 3-year-old son. Eyes II "is completely missing? as expected? nature, logic and adequate conditions. Entrepreneurs are not as close as they are afraid of their colleagues in one place, because because they are not organized at this time and only goes as if they are embarrassing with typical hunger shapes. Because you don't care for the amateur G.I. Joe "heroes" and definitely have no feeling for the eyes in the mountains, this film is very much compelling and more relevant than the previous year. More unique, this second film is not available to violence and is the first! It usually compensates for the lack of doubt and the absence of surprise-loss of blood and further guidance on murder, but the point in this line looks very much comparable to the images of patients associated with its predecessor. There are a few of the events to satisfy the blood horror fanatics? especially show soldiers falling under the falls or getting shot with their own guns? but there is sadness not a strong-powerful battle or a dog attack. It's a shame! What? Is it a matter of integrity if it even fails to pass the weight and / or unnecessary damage to nature? Fortunately this film is never available or useless, and you will be more happy to make all the things that make a little bit! For example, the wallet falls out of the heads of people with blood, women without any muscle power thrown like hard-ass soldiers and ?? My personal favorite? give him one soldier with a disability to speak on radio communication.
