The restructuring of last year's 'Mountains and Eyes' was one of the best attempts to improve the horrific fricks of the 1970s for new audiences. Alexandre Aja was allowed for the development of pleasant behavior and when the violence started it was both practical and safe in both photography and good design. I was one of the few people who really thought it was better than the original and expect to visit the second in the dark world and the cruelty of desert creatures. <br /> <br /> 'Mountains have Eyes 2', released only one year after nature, seems a run-off and ill-financing attempt in franchise and small ideas for quality. Jonathan Craven's photo can be written over the weekend, and given the speed of this film on the movie, perhaps it was. It goes back to all sorts of hackneyed genche in this book giving you absolutely something new on mythology of desert deserts. I am always releasing sadness when a good person chooses military and military characters. Soldiers are always written on and are never able to cling to the dirty eyes. In my mind, 'Guests' was the only movie to make such a success, because of the talent of James Cameron, not only to lead the best practices of the world around, but never to forget that the audience should care about the beaten people. He was also assisted by real talented actors. And 'Hills has Eyes 2', it is clear that the video director Martin Weisz is not James Cameron, and the little television authors do not have talent or even the direction to return their characters to cut the card card into anything that is near, breathing mankind. Needless to say, every character is a broad and normal order. They act in a quiet and legitimate way, making silent and non-historical decisions that lead them to death and ignorance. The last half of the movie becomes just a fun-tracking event. 'Climbing' (which Sam McCurdy, diligently, also worked as a cinema) proved that even more than a series of events can occur with real nature and insistence, but we cannot see this invention here. <br /> <br /> 'Mountains and Eyes 2' is a very sophisticated movie, without any emphasis, tension, or surprise, and not one person who is involved with the purpose of producing anything of quality. It is an excuse and the exhaustion of excuse for good and you should use all his life in the Blockbuster bargain.
