'Mount Eyes II', one of the most insignificant and ignorant of the stupid to come at a certain time, is 90 minutes to make improper films in the best condition. Or worse, however you choose to look at it. When the 2006 'Hills' record was one of the best of the year, with horrible, horrible films, this second takes everything out of what it did. Part 2 is not quite available, and his mind is not suitable for conversation. And then more, it's not scary. The 2006 acquisition was followed by a family that finds itself in the middle of the New Mexico Desert, abandoned, and directly taken by the sad and sad people of the hill. People who, as a result of the military testing of an atomic army in their back years, have been. Survival of travelers traveling in the region. The end puts the audience in one desert, which is now being taken by the army as they are examining mountains and what might have happened to the poor family. When a group of military assistants are sent to the camp, they feel that they are closed without signs of life. The worst truth soon does, for they come to realize that it is not alone. And the fate of blood that had given many before them will soon be their destiny. It is not worth knowing to realize that 'Hills' has no valid reason to exist. But since last year's restructuring was well received in the box office and for critics, he was not surprised that another player will run in production while there is still money to get. There is no rhyme or reason for this time around, just put a wonderful and worry-set-up way for the characters without thinking, casual murder, the story does not exist, leaving interest. At the beginning, Alexander Aja's director made the craven cult of the ethnicity that remake which was unique and quite exciting experience. One that has largely crossed the line more than once. His vivid demonstration of violence, humiliating violence, good identity, and white-knuckled waiting were all used to shock the audience. The second time around, dropped hand-down. No fashion, no grit. It tries to create tension and destructive bodies, while all it really is to be there, has made such a film, where even a year seems to be successful compared to a recent blood disease. <br /> <br /> It is a sad state of the situation when weak mutants who capture women for breeding fails to keep your attention. It's bearing, nothing more. 'Hills' does not bite. Despite the jump or two here and there, there is nothing to be horrible about this-of-awesome flick-number. It feels like something that you would like to see at the Sci-Fi center, just with other F bombs, the splatter of blood here and there, rape, and the birthplace of the image which is bigger than the amazing. It is cheaper. And with 'Hills', you reap what you put. For any effort given, you can not expect anything to return. Converting Aja and Martin Weisz as the director was the first offense of a great film, all he does is run a film of any kind of emotional resonance. But even more amazing is an odd script written by Wes Craven and his son, Jonathan Craven. You ask, how difficult is it possible? This is a kind of conversation that makes any comparison like Shakespeare. Craven has had its right part of the clunkers in the past, but I couldn't expect something like this from him. It's very strange, you should ask yourself, is Craven playing joke on this? Or threw her child after the studio pay? The film characters are heads of speaking directly without feelings or common sense. Acting is just bad. The only person who can conquer you is Napoleon Napoli, a good child who is not good and others. Even criminals emerging and living with instincts, which we can obtain a deep in our imagination a year ago, meets a variable. He hates, dislikes them. You honestly didn't care less. Such as this film. Even if you had confidence in 'Mountains and Eyes', as I was, you will have a hard time getting anything to enjoy in this waste. It's as generic as generic gets, and nothing quite here we've seen done already already. I can't explain this enough, avoid 'Mountains and Eyes II' as a blow. It is not afraid, not common, angry, and bearing. Close to the original or Craven vision. Because if you do not walk out after the first thirty minutes, don't tell us not.
