I saw this film on release, and I watched it 3 or 4 times more, including last week. I regret it must be a mixture of mixture related to the performance of Mr. Branagh. It is a glorious, noble film, not to say anything about the hub for more than 4 hours long - shot and well-formed. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers, and many others are doing a good job. Then Kenneth Branagh. If there was a vain project for an actor, this is so, and Mr. Branagh does not know anything in putting "ham" in Hamlet. From the cast of deception (which gives us the worst performance at the time of the most lost time by Jack Lemmon), for the bits of business that distract us to make it a sense of "nature," for its performance that runs the gamut from giving one of the most popular soliloquy in all books shout every line of others. His performance proves that, when he can get better at the stage where there is great importance, he has never been a popular actress. The luxury budget can be charged for catering, Mr. Branagh eats too much. His performance is a perfect example of why people don't go to Shakespeare - "full of sound and anger, not to show anything." And if there is guilt for his leadership, it is that he keeps the camera on its great performance. It doesn't matter what people can write on Bard, was, after all say and done, a player of the game. Its beauty rests in the fact that its themes are normal and timeless. Although there is no "right" way to play his games, there is certainly a very good act, acting good and acting badly. Shakespeare himself gives orders to players in the "Hamlet" text itself. It is amazing how Mr. Branagh "used", but he did not hear it. It was an example of spending a lot of time working on how he would say something, and a little bit explaining what he was saying. When Mr. Branagh has done a good job in creating entertainment, he would be wise to sit behind the camera and allow those who know the art of working. His focus has been better than his acting. I still give them great credit to revive interest in opening Shakespeare. She set a good template for another production. And, it would impress him, from 20 rows back. But, I hope he chooses to lead more and act down. <br /> <br /> Is it worth seeing? Certainly. There is much fun available on the film. But, it's a long, long movie and, to the end, one can feel less to be enjoyed than to save it.
