This film is a picture of a semi-spastic boy who should visit a boarding school because of his personal marks in Math. He did not have the best experience in life before and find great self-esteem. When he gets worse in his new school, he begins to make friends, he loves the girl and he does other things of the American pie boy. In addition to other comedy elements, the film is told in a very bad way, considering Benjamin and its problems. If you already like the summary of this story, save your time and look for something else. If you do, please beware of the following: <br /> <br /> 1) Benjamin is a total loser. Whatever he does, he does something very bad and then goes to mercy at all times. For me I was not "kind of losing" which you can feel compassion for and laugh. Instead he and his character heard me very much and for my teen years I was still not back behind I was able to stand up. The film does not seem to be true and the story seems to be but from my experience characters not only (except Janosch maybe). And yes, I know this film is based on a 17-year-old biography - but I have the experience of German and German youth schools, I don't believe. 3/3 / 3/3 3) Sexual awakening is an important factor for film and this issue. But I have no doubt that young boys are doing "Ejaculate on the" cookie-where everyone needs to discover with her sperm during masturbation in the forest and hosting must eat a rainy rain later. Although kinda has bothered me in the wrong way, it's not funny to describe the great experiments of this film. 4) There is a small plot about Benjamin's family and his father to despise his wife - yet, I do not know why there is where and where to put it. Just hit me. Well, I myself hated this film for having a character of Benjamin, without having a message, concept, plan, anything and attempts failed to be serious and serious. However, I can have a picture that other people can find it wise and touching. If you liked "Other Sister" perhaps you would like this, too. I hated both. The 17-year-old boys should not write history and as they do, it doesn't seem to be the best idea to make a film out. <br /> <br /> 2 out of 10.
