I think all the jokes in it are what made Munchies worship worship. I thought it was bad, though he got the story of ignorance and nature of the characters, probably it would be the best movie (and funnier). Perhaps all that was required was a real budget. Munchies, as many viewers have already said, is something of Gremlins' definition. Therefore, all records of the movie. The movie begins somewhere in Peru during the archeological digging. An angry pastor named Paul, who wants to strengthen a player who is not shy or cautious during the film despite his work plans, is bound by his father in caves. His father is an odd kind of archaeologist, looking at the cave not in writing or mummies or whatever, but the evidence of U.F.O.'s. And that's where Munchies come to the picture. The secret in the rock rope is a little mutant rough which looks like a gyrating ball doll and Gizmo Sounds. They call Arnold, bring him into the bag, and bring him to the house so that Paul's father will finally show evidence of an extraordinary world life. Try to see Arnold (wager he did with his father, if he lose, it's off to the university to get 'real' work). Creep (old television head Harvey Korman), who thinks of his neighbors. Therefore, she and her lazy child, some kind of hippie air (who looks more like they should make her bicycles or a great passion of iron) go and capture Arnold. Why? Get rich quick program of course. And of course, even Cecil's son is also dumb to take care of Arnold. And after walking and watching Arnold, he multiplies in Munchies. This was not even the worst movie. It was very clear. I was hoping that Munchies would have changed and killed the disaster that was after them, even Paul and his lover. At least it would be one way to eliminate all the wrong actions in this film which reduces the movie. Say the specific effects that appear as hand puppets. And the worst writing around - it wasn't even funny - even a little girl who can really give you a homicidal growth in your eye. As I said, Munchies, if they were given a real budget by the best actors, they would be able to remove the beauty. Go.
