Munchies begins in the more severe Peruvian (looks more like a dirt road to me) where archaeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) go through the journey. Simon thinks that the old Aztec buildings were actually the control centers of the airline and he is on the mission to find evidence that the visitor's life has found the Earth, while in the same form it once finds a little strange creature that he puts in his fabric and returns home and with him in the small town of Sweetwater in California. Simon feels that the creature is a proof that he has been looking for & for some reason not to decide to leave home when he is going to share his discovery. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) to keep it. Meanwhile, Simon's brother and the fast-food merchant Cecil Watterman (Harvey Korman again) steals the creature so that his brother does not lose money, but his Dude dive (Jon Stafford) tries to fight a knife but the individual parts grow again in small organisms caused by many urban people ... <br /> <br /> Guided by Bettina Hirsch this should be one of the worst of the comedy ever, if not worse. The Lance Smith script is not very suitable for pottery. Any Munchies laughter is missing and the goal of the proverb of the proverb, I doubt the humor in this piece even appeal to the youth before. That is not something exciting or exciting in Munchies even as I am concerned. The basic story also emerges, only available to find this spinning creature without explanation of why, why they have never seen it before, how it can learn English quickly and how it learns to drive etc.. The whole thing is the great Gremlins (1984) to stop and there are no things that made the film so beautiful. The actor is a pastor, stupid deputy (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Rawls), Cecil wearing a bad mustache and shame and his head Melvis head (Alix Elias) and more. They are obviously shy and ignorant, I advocate for anyone to get any of this trash of funny rancid. Basically Munchies fails to be careful that it is comedy or fear & end up being, yes you guess, crap. <br /> <br /> The Hirsch Director was clear to work with the low budget here and shows, the whole thing happens in two houses, desert, some caves and a small golf course. This is a really cheap and unpredictable film. Specific effects on Munchies themselves are very serious, their dolls that have no movement except anyone from the camera draws a string connected to his hand. I cannot stress the negative effects, these things did not influence my 4-year-old nephew (as shown by me yesterday!). Total failure all the way, this film takes. In fact the film is awesome, the worst side effects, the production of malware, waste sets & well, just everything. The actor has broken through & by way, from the fighters to Korman who has two responsibilities that show that he cannot act and not funny. Munchies is a very bad film that fails everything that tries to reach, surely see if you want not to leave but not just say you didn't! My advice is to look at the Majremali instead, but the decision is yours!
