It was not known enough to be really terrible, it was just very bad. The story was not half bad, but the action was terrible. <br /> <br /> To begin with, it moved very fast for us to be involved emotionally and what's going on. It was just badly beaten. Talks were not quite bright, just flat and terrible. <br /> <br /> And the characters, clapping with power, made Deadpool become boring. What does the Spirit do for Deadpool? She was not even funny. He was not mad. He was just an angry man with many swords that he didn't even know how to use properly. Gambit was awesome. And since when did you have telekenisis make the card just float and jump around, or super powers of flying hundreds of feet into the air? And what was coming with a stupid helicopter everything? I mean, we know that it is mutants, but it is still within the physics area. All the workers are not helicopters, you can not fly for a very fast walk. Which Gambit could not do that. Neither Deadpool, especially when using as a chance to fight the real war. And this film stands out that the work of the wire should be used only by the mediators who know what WTH do, and know better than to use it. one. shoot. if instead of fighting a real war. Three of the most physical fighters in the Marvel Community (Logan, Creed, and Wilson), and some of the most fights that I have seen in the latest film records. It was like the cheat organizer just cut his shoulders and stopped all of them until the boy's effects. Then you had a break, with all these mutants that did nothing. Even the mutants who had been shown in their cells became stronger (good to see the Quicksilver Box), they did all f-when they went out. Emma-only-blind-to-this-film-Frost and Cyclops did something. <br /> <br /> And since it was Logan so pretty? And the fool, "the shot will take his memory away." Do you think Xavier and X-Men could see huge holes of bullets on his adamantium skull when they tried X1? I felt sorry for Liev Schrieber man, he really brought in Sabretooth to consider the script. He made one of the extraordinary extraordinary surprises feel true. But he was unable to save the film from the lameness of the epic. To a large extent, this was "Daredevil rate" to absorb. Good stories, good actors, the terrible implementation.
