Many would agree that Wolverine's character is one of the most amazing characters in the comic book history. I am not an amazing expert, but I grew up with the adventures of X-Men and definitely approved by Hugh Jackman's now widely known of Logan scruffy. I enjoyed the first X-Men people, I have found a very heavy and loved one and loved one as a comic book comic. All through three movies, I probably enjoyed Jackman more than anything else. I thought the idea of ​​making "nature" -movie about Wolverine could end up being a better movie than all X-Men movies. If we focus on one character, I thought there might be a film that fits what I got to the second movie failed - if it is a comic book of a comic designed with good character and behavior. <br /> <br /> The reason that Wolverine-movie fails is not because the competition is hard after the Dark Knight. It is not even because of the development of a plot that is unknown and sweeping - although certainly not good - no, it is because the movie is not even desirable to try. To start, this is not recommended to be a good entertainment. There's something about the action in this movie coming out as well, automatically. There are no serious consequences or aspects of doubt, and when one event will make you the following five predictions, almost feel like the film B Uwe, follow the concept of action / adventure movie that you have seen several times before. Of course, nothing in this film is as bad as a piece of Bolls ** but when everyone speaks a clichés as it is part of a series of events that are normal, you at least make a connection with that is certainly bad enough. But there is a bigger problem. Even the generic drama movie is a typical movie operating and, by the way, makes you forgive a lot of plot and ignorance of the character. I think you see the most basic error in his head. I mean, "Genesis". True? What about the people behind this film think about that head? What do they mean? Want to know the nature of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They ran away from home during a bad situation. Then they went to war. All! Civil War, First World War and II and Vietnam also. Why did they do it? It is still unknown. Finally, brothers (Sabertooth, played with Liev Shrieber) became bad. "How?" you ask. I don't know, it was somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes, but why?" you still ask. I just said I don't know !! Movie does not describe. He is absolutely bad! "Yes, but ... you know," nature "..." Well, that's natural! I mean, duh! However, they eventually live with a secret team of elite scholars. Something with the government, ho-hum. Wolvie gets enough to leave his brother. For six years he is happy with wood and loved one, who ends up a bit of defending around when Sabretooth suddenly appears again. "Well ... but ... why?" - Oh fast! - and Wolvie decides to be the leader of a group of evil scientist who makes him an iron metal. He follows all the bad people and comes after him and after all the fighting ends with his memory is destroyed, the X-Men movie the first movie. That's natural. You can also find it behind the DVD cover. Real-time will not tell you anything else. For improper practical actions, there are no good heroes, criminals or characters in general (a line from my bed audience: Fat suit! Black black! Oh, I give them 200 for money if the girl lives on this movie. Gambit? in general that you can forgive ...... well, that's very much like a waste of time, right? Fans will watch this, or already. There is no stopping that. But if you like X-Men movies for more reasons than they had done well and entertainment - see them again and do not be kind to try to try out the nature that doesn't exist.
