Very rush to the franchise of the cow. Superhero Generic flick. CGI display. Gavin Hood's "Series of Current Events." Anti-combinations combinations combined with demonstrations that proved the formulation of arbitrary cooperation. I did not expect Shakespeare here but a minute player every minute had been removed from the chart: Primal screaming while looking at the sky and kneeling on a male boy killed. Military commander joined. Two crossed crosses. The revenge that sought a loved one killed. Dropped memory. Bad habits discover values ​​for the last minute. Incorrect sanctions to implement experiments after overcoming them in melee. The partner is not dead. Lover really does as a spy for arch-nemesis of the hero. The girl / spy actually falls to the protagonist. Good people work for fighters to save family members raped. The bad teacher fails to respect the commitment of the staff. They liked the old guys for the fatigue and killed for their trouble. Other deaths have been prevented if three people arrive in the area before fighting favor. Brave join the secret secret organization. Removal of the elite squad in protests on slaughter for the innocent. Scientists can not control the destructive machine of their own creatures. The arms of the beloved but delightful government kills far better than the heartless heir. The hero goes off and falls and usually shines the way to gasoline behind him. After everyone refuses, the heart track tracking takes a blow. Bad mastermind explains the plans of the hero he does not see again as a threat. The hero refuses to kill the defeated enemy because "it is better than that". The common definition of comic makes the hilarious deficit and offbeat views. Psychological psychological happiness in rampages of random killings. The immortal Goliath crosses through a series of walls and other physical events that can kill man. Man dispatches dozens of guns while enemies without nothing but swordplay skills. General understanding and physics laws, biology and chemistry for an indefinite time. The defendant uses the murder of a loved one as a political justification caused. I would continue but this is just enough. If you are more than 12 years old and unfinished in the mother's basement, maybe there is something here for you. Surprisingly enough, it's not far from superhero movies so reducing all I wrote if you can't get enough for that kind.
