It is official, people - Hou Hsiao-Hsien has no idea in his head a little bit. Do you wonder why he chose Shu Qi as his museum? <br /> <br /> Shu (or is that Qi?) does not appear in this. Instead we find a Yo Hitoto tool, which looks like a pop star in Japan - with his song at the end, he is a pop star like a girl who serves on Rockin 'Curry is "actriss" - and Tadanobu lost Asano, usually a quality indicator , who does not need to do anything here but standing and looking like the hipster of Asia's mixture and is too old to control yet. Hou's philosophy? Life is a song, something great, to hear and continue. I would like to do that but Hou will not miss anything in Cafe Lumiere more than a bland picture of Life in Tokyo Circa 2003 and a survey that shows that people are a ship that passes at night, no, make those trains that pass the day, never connect, each hurt to its own destination, usually some of the difference of the dark tunnel or perhaps the bridge if they are lucky. Yikes. Shanghai flowers are one of the most rare, technical and funeral films. Can the director create a shot of the opening of the film, which deals with twelve actors who are talking about the speed of the machine-gun for ten minutes straight - it is impossible to get directions - get trapped to make this laconic down-Jarmusch realistic reality for two films for the current array? Millennium elements can be a deadly weight, but at least it has two big shots, shots that say to Hou's true call like a film similar to Odilon Redon: These shots are a sex area with lighting lights and an opening of Shu Qi around under the blue zone. His master. while making Lumiere make it seem to remove two big shots from the Millennium Things to do it more consistent. You have to be a judge if it seems looks. <br /> <br /> Hou do not need to clean up - you can't clean the idea of ​​a song more than Shanghai Flower. He needs to expand, entertain, outdoors an internal speaker and genre-revitalizer which is effectively attacked on the minimalism of the clichéd. It's time to work to fix the Akira or something. This kind of film art where artists should be realistic because they are closed without interrupting and speaking in the ear now is every last end as a safe, ghettoized and stagnant as Hollywood action blockbuster. What? What is the relationship between "truth" and people who can't talk? It seems to me that people "in real life" do not prevent jabbering.) Then again, considering that 2005 alone brought great movies to the budget as different from rich in ideas like Aeon Flux, The Island, and King Kong, now it's safe to say even Michael Bay has passed Hou, and that's really sad. The good news is that, though Hou is in 50, he really feels like he hasn't started even. There is a short time in this film that shows that the promise is still there, like a big walk in a bookstore when the room has a red color when Hitoto is talking about children with goblins' faces. But nothing of fear brings him back, however it is good to make the film regularly and recommended by the player and the wise as a savior of the movie, Hou, when your favorite Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, Berlin and other film films are close to people catch on your ruse twice-fast. Two words for you: atoy Egoyan. Two more words, or maybe three: Tsai Ming-Liang. Now you have witnessed from this deception of the worries that are approaching their darkest ever. Risk your shirt on sci-fi epic, exports, be embarrassed - but leave a social opinion for people who have no eye and no heart. Let your talent of painting sign itself to perfection. You can't go out of another song.
