I am a family discussion for the typical work of the author of the film Yasujiro Ozu, who by skill emphasized the views of Japanese life, especially in the post-WWII period, to shine the truth of the whole world. After seeing several amazing films like 1949 "Spring Spring" and 1953 "Tokyo Story", I am sure that Ozu had a particular gift of idiosyncratic to convey various impressions due to internal intermediate conflicts through elliptical stories and craft images. It is Taiwan's Hou Hsiao-hsien director of honor to honor Ozu in its center with this overall 2003 film. Among the co-artist T'ien-wen Chu, Hsiao-hsien seems to find the right criteria but does not get the emotional need The emotion that would have led to glacial pacing tolerable. The story involves Yôko, a young Japanese writer looking for a 20th century in the mid-20th century Jiang Wen-Ye in Tokyo after returning from Taiwan where he taught Japanese. After 25 minutes of practice, she tells her father and cousin that she is pregnant and one of her pupils in Taiwan. At the same time, Coffeehouse's friend of Yôko, Hajime, who runs the book of books, has trouble with the train and seems to have love with him. Hsiao-hsien connects this small field with a series of shots held for a long time takes as a structural change. There is also a long stretch of silence as many events involving trains. When these techniques conflict with the Ozu style, Hsiao-hsien cannot be seen to dive into the behavior of the characters how Ozu did with great stability and small, in particular, Yôko's problem seems rather than disappearing in the concert program presented by her parents' response to large amounts do not accept much. In fact, the whole film has a tired attitude on it, which makes the film feel uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Exhibitions are not considered unnoticed. J-Yo Yo Hitoto's music star brings natural background to Yôko, while Tadanobu Asano is a Hajime thing. Other characters have not registered, even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as Yôko parents. The film writer Lee Ping-Bing provides the expert's work though he breaks the rule of Ozu film makers by keeping the camera during shots. Hitoto speaks-singing a pop-up song used on its last attributes, "Hito-Shian". The DVD includes a long time, the French document, "Métro Lumière", which actually makes the help to provide some environment through Hsiao-hsien film. It includes text from Ozu films, in particular, "Equinox Flowers", to show symmetry with this film though surprising no mention of "Tokyo Story" or "Summer Summer", a definite basis for some of the events and set-ups. There are also parts of Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien interviews, as well as the film trailer.
