Creating 2 is a bad-fated sequel for George Romero (overrated) original, CREEPSHOW. Any pastor following the Romero film which is not guided by Romero himself has been given many shoes to fill, especially because Romero's fans out there think that he is God. I didn't care too much for the first and more movies, I didn't care too much for the good. The series of films was very strong but not too short because all the films were under stellar. The main problem of CREEPSHOW 2 had just three stories (without internal stories), and because the first story hit more than faith, it left only about half of the movie. be true * good. I saw CS 2 on the movie and the first part was a real cry. Any great thing to George 'I can't do' Kennedy is being directly connected to Indian Hindi story was also hokey and was not only in this sequel. So after a real and bad start, there were just two other stories left to turn on the original lost fiasco and unfortunately two other stories were not enough for me to forget the first story. RAFT and HITCHHIKER are a great achievement, largely because although the other two groups have their time, it is still falling. The last two stories have been posted for a long time. It was not that I wanted stories to be played fast and fast, but the good ideas found in the stories were due to the fact that they were walking and reduced and eventually fell to the ground when groups needed to be more powerful, more unusual and The end of the punchier. Also, if the last two stories were not mentioned by the movie pad or had all three groups were shorter and better editing and trends, they could add a fourth story to the group. Have only three groups made for boring holidays. Working with text in both RAFT and HITCHHIKER groups are very good and good. I would Lois Chiles in the last part. It may be his best time on the screens away from his role as a Bond Holly Goodhead Girl in MOONRAKER and in GIVING. But even his role is difficult to understand often because of the right direction and the unfolding story. What? Should we hate or pity him? What? Should we feel a pity and a terrible anger? If the body of the striker was found by other people on the road, what was he when he fought Chiles? What was a spirit or a zombie or what? How did the body cease to exist before other people who saw him dead to attack Chiles? The whole thing is not very clear, even with an unusual story. And the latter is a very serious and unknown situation. <br /> <br /> For the bad news of RAFT, well, acting is especially a terrible side and no characters are compassionate or interesting. The characters would be more interesting if the actors played themselves. None of the executives think in their specific roles. Paul Satterfield appears to be slower than a dumb jock playing with an actor who plays his boyfriend is not very persuasive as a common bitchy slut. He seems to be very worried. That can be said by two other players who are playing "open". The idea of ​​the killer's oil attracts and is appealing but not done. It is possible to have a fifth character in the story, perhaps a homeless person or a healer who is walking around the lake and knows about the flowing oil and can be a form of water-changing species. If it pleases like the oil that has gone, it does not make for the "compelling" character. And as the story ends, everything seems to be useless. No punch for everything. Except for a few assertions which seem to always make boring things, seeing CREEPSHOW 2 on the playground was essentially losing money and time. CS 2 is more rental material than something you pay to see on the big screen.
