I might have a great admirer of "Creepshow" of nature, but its traquel sequel makes that anthology looks like perfect! And thinking I was going in this expectation like this one more. Five years after his predecessor, George Romero returns to the EC comic style board and on this outdoor screen pocket for three stories of Steve King. Although, this trend is given to Michael Gornick. The film goes into this feature with non-Gornick brides. But most of the blame will have to go to the awesome script of Stero and non-consistent as well as the script (especially in this discussion around the first and last story). The Moralistic message (which came from a number of characters) only takes black humor. Oh it was painful and it could be said about the color of rotten music accompanied by pictures. Connecting these three stories (Old Chief Woodenhead, The Raft and Hitchhiker) together are a gentle and effective story of wraparound made by half (80s) animation form. I liked this part and the character of the creecracking Creep was a bright light. The first story "Elder General Woodenhead" sees two older owners (George Kennedy & Dorothy Lamour) of a wholesale shop in the dying community, River River. Get a robbery and eventually killed by several punks to live on Hollywood. In front of the shop is a wooden statue of the Indian Chief who comes to live for revenge. To read George Kennedy waffle .. And onan for 10 minutes about how he did for his 'big' community. What good touch when feely. Well, like Kennedy's lectures, this is one of the colorless and printed colors that are not found properly. The spreading script is an open and intuitive display. These two things add to my headache. When Indian comes alive and returns to the salary, goons meet with a very fast death (though grisly) in the right way. The harm was done with respect, but what about these hairs free of charge. What? How could Hollywood hit that lock on the back hair? Ugh! The second story "Raft" follows the smokers' group of young people who are going to the secret lake. After swimming on the raft in the middle of the lake, it is found on the platform because of a fascinating creature that looks into the water. This is the best, better quality. What starts as your primary young people run running into a strange and full-fledged security that is full of sharp and claustrophobic tension. And it doesn't even spray on flashes of dirt or spiteful splatter. It's very bad and it goes because of humor too. The amazing amazing end you have very touching. Exhibitions from nobodies are accepted without making a big mark. The direction of Gornick puts on a positive side and instead of gooey. While, awesome music scores on this occasion emphasized the right. A sludge-like sea (as described by many) looks like a black wind of icky (perhaps you read that it is okay!). The last number three concludes with "Hitchhiker". The rich man, but the woman who does not have sex with her is in her home after having her male husband, but she returns. Thinking of other ideas describing his stability if needed, he hits the road and hit an accident accident. Instead of looking at or getting help, she offers away in hope to go home before her husband. Recently she trembles with the mangled corpse of the dead hitchhiker. It is not a shock, but I have never been in this fun exercise at all. Compared to the first two this was very different from tone and tried to hit a funny bone instead. Lois Chiles was good at leading, but often asserted with a few conversations that she had and she suddenly became a stimulating and exhausted. Side effects are clearly shown and decreased by vision. When he hits a hitchhiker which is when it becomes hectic, cheesy and top-up in its implementation. From then on we feel our full hitchhiker considered to be alive and repeat? and repeat the line, "Thanks to the woman ride!" This happens every time he decides to run on it. Have a little respect for a dead partner. In general, a second short story "Raft" with bad effects, a well-conceived pregnancy, is what stimulates this very poor sequel.
