We've been there, sitting with other friends looking at a bad movie, laughing in the way it was done so much and how morally it was poor; finally the credit roll and everyone around and says "how is it possible that the film was made? Who paid the money to have this script made on film film?" Jigsaw is not the kind of film, rather than asking how this litter was designed to wonder why the creators were shot in the sun's principle. Yes, Jigsaw is most likely of the worst films made or pregnancy, this comes from a boy who has seen the stories of Campfire and Lake Lake. The movie begins with some kind of university class, what kind of class I am sure, but it's to think of a class of art. Now these pigs have been given a final project with their ignorant teacher, five of them being given mannequin pieces and told to create in any way they feel fit, and because there are only five pieces of other students in the class receiving and direct A, non- usually there are only six students in this whole class so gothi one gets free A, good for him! The week passes with five students, along with the teacher, along with one hill man meets on the bar to discuss and complete their project, put the pieces together, head, hands, feet and let others know why they chose their special designs, now these creative scholars. they used the week for their full benefit, one put the saw blade on the left hand, the other found the beaten player, the right leg got a broken piece of ceramic and the left head of the magazine, the head is worse to get the camera in the eye, the Hellraiser 3, and other bottles of bottles for mo-hawk stylish. After they all lose their guts on their special design teacher drunk now says it burns mannequin, now called Jigsaw aptly. Now to date this has been the usual level of theatrical exhibition, the worst act, the conversation with everything else, but it has been very good, but after being infected with the hot jigsaw things turn to the worse ... Jigsaw comes alive .. How you ask? I do not know, he does only because the authors could not think of the second two-way plastic being cleaned (Come to the youth, lighting lights, priest of voodoo travel, anything that can work.) So once Jigsaw comes life uses its new power a slow walk and used by the use of his fingers that cause damage. First he kills a cool guy and wire barb, this guy who was about to get up with chic fire determines drinking beer down off is more important than what is ahead of him. With him going to Jigsaw hits a girl girl on the face and then gives the old man a heart attack and a slight reduction of his head, then he sees a beautiful southern woman and then her husband's hill; Jigsaw then kills a hungry person with an untrue illusion. Did I mention that Jigsaw was taking part of the body away from its victims to make a human version of himself? No! In fact it is not even necessary to show his creation, they do not even show him to steal a torch from his poor creators (perhaps he was trying to create a headline in In Color Color). So after these five have been killed by the teacher and the nerdy girl are all left behind, the teacher explains that Jigsaw only requires a head to finish his masterpiece, since it is still not available. So being a fool he is a teacher has closed a girl as a sacrifice to Jigsaw who comes just to go to the teacher with his electrical buzz which is not even interrupted inside. Yes where a freaking movie ends, we don't even see a teacher killed or happening to a girl, not having a definition of what Jigsaw lived or how he was purified after being burned. This movie is too embarrassing too, it's only 71 minutes a small part of your day; For life records, Jigsaw, Jigsaw, Jigsaw. Thank You Total Remember! The judge has ruled, see Jigsaw only if your plans to eliminate your secret parts seem.
