This film had been my heart. Acting is angry. Unbelievable. And it's about executives. The story is very clear: A group of independent actors takes Passion Play and, on the other hand, begins to live out of the lives of the players who play. I have been watching many movies recently, because of Netflix, and this was the first time I didn't look the whole way for a long time. I felt I didn't need to see the end; we all know the end of this story. For some, it seems, this "modern" of the Gospel is either rebellion or shining. I can't talk to anything like this if I wasn't raised in the Christian church. What I said, I was raised in the United States and live in a more cultured Christian. I have a strong desire for Jesus and about modern religion, for better or worse. I haven't seen the version of Mel Gibson, but I think that those who loved that one would like this, except for the most conservative. I just want this is the best film. These posts praise the Arcand trends and especially movies. I didn't like him. The film itself is rather than an advertisement and preaching. I did not believe the characters' personae and I have never shared with them on screen life. Playing in play is very dated and without, I think, bear the weight yourself in real-time production. But that's the point. I was very much needed to do this work would have a strong development of the characters and the plot to support the philosophical and theological questions that the film would like to be. And the choice of music is clear and unusual. There were two examples of this that come easily. First, there is a comparison of Jesus' parable of running money borrowers from the temple: a leading actor, fallen for a woman who will play Magdalene and who is also fashionable and player, becomes angry that he must bother himself and vote for business (including the wicked producer and many viewers and his pants off. He makes himself a place and pulls them out. I think this is the level that the film wants to achieve. The love between these two is totally unacceptable and is not entirely emotional and the scene has been done as the death of the high school of Salesman, for example, is not good. Please stand up and hit me on the head and "high importance". Another is the relationship between another female leadership and a priest who has asked them to play with who, ultimately, returns to them and takes them to the corrupt church today. Why. Why he sleeps with this man. "It brings him great pleasure and I'm very sad." Ah, the sacred adultery with the old coot loved. It seems to be enough for Arcand to mention but it is not appropriate to strengthen and strengthen these characters. They go through the way and I get to the stop button. Feel free to write me bored, walking or not just interested. Feel free to watch this film and see Passion, with all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, given as an amateur and gimmicky digger. Feel free to have all your proven ideas confirmed by any artistic loyalty left by the monotonous shade. But don't tell them I don't warn you.
