It is difficult to say if Noonan and Marshall are trying to give Abbott & Costello, Martin & Lewis, Curley & Larry, or another comedy team, but who were trying to imitate, failed miserably. There is one weak laughter in all this wonderful picture. Noonan (who helped write claims "script") and Marshall don't have any chemistry; Marshall seems to be trying to Dean Martin's cool-care-care type, but even coming very close. God knows what Noonan thinks he was doing, but being funny sure was not. He seems to think that hitting his hands and so many feet and watching dumbly for everyone and everything is the length of the comedy screen; maybe for him it is, but not for the audience. I remember seeing this in the movie when it came out. It was under a double bill by Jeff Chandler's three-year-old ("Heavenly Columns," which were very good) and Three Short Stooges ("Sappy Bullfighters", which was not), and about 20 minutes in this matter all the children in the audience were throwing things on the screen; It was not very good that it was not even in the worst of the three stooges. I stayed close to his end (not that I wanted, but my people were not worthy to give me until after the film was completed), and when this confusion was over, I was alone in the theater. I saw it again 15 years or more on one cable at night, and caught around to see if it was as bad as I remembered. It was worse. The only thing that was for him was Julie Newmar, who was like a cigarette like ever; more of him, this thing can not quite recommend. Both of them also play the Japanese soldiers, and how they do it makes the play for the Japanese characters to be like lensed thick, buck-toothed, gibbering mind mind check benign for comparison. Marshall continued to attend "Hollywood stadiums," and Noonan kept trying his hand in making movies, but most of them were very close like this. Not true, though, if I don't think anything can be as bad as this. The real destruction of the film. Don't waste your time on it.
