"Kings and Queen" is a French festival that is beaten for two hours and thirty-two minutes without any uncertainty or purpose. <br /> <br /> The movie has two seemingly unrelated stories at first but eventually connect with someone about half through the movie. The first stations near Nora and its problems with various men in his life, including an old father who knows he has only a few days left. Another story involves a young man named Ismael, a violinist woman who finds himself placed - for justice, believes - in a mental institution through the destruction of an unknown person. After traveling on different tracks for a short time, these two details come to an end when we learn that Ismael is an old Nora partner and someone who has chosen to use her son from an early and sad relationship. For a little more purpose and a large expansion, "Kings and Queen" may be a powerful, fascinating and tough, tense relationship of modern-day relationships. Certainly has a time of great understanding and emotional power, and the exhibition is for the most part, hard and touching. But, in general, filmmakers and maunders to the extent that, in fact, begins to destroy our patience and lose welcome early. Even more confusing is the fact that, even though we use what appears to be a quick detective in the company of these people, we do not know exactly what to do with any of them when the show has an end. For example, Nora's father, on his deathbed, writes a misunderstanding of his daughter's behavior that is not only good for a woman and we have been looking for more than two hours. Nora can't have Mama Theresa (then, again, who?), But she certainly doesn't deserve to be thrown into her by her own father. Nora can be accused of being confused, lack of courage, a little to feel sometimes, but evil enough to have her father like to give her cancer and make her die in her place? I don't think so. <br /> <br /> Maybe this film works only to a deep level that I couldn't understand. But my solution is that even author Roger Bohbot and author-director / director Arnaud Desplechin will have trouble explaining their purpose here. This is a good job, with the careful attention of the film that takes the viewer on a long journey, to run through the sea of ​​personal conflicts, a journey that is not supposed to be wise or more bright at the end than it was at the beginning.
