"Rois et Reine" is an aggressive blow with a movie that convinces many viewers as it enjoys. It is aimed at turning to former Nora lovers (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric) as they all suffer from a great crisis in their lives now different. Although the story of Nora is played directly and dropped in sound, Ismael is played especially with laugh, although it is not particularly good. The Nora crisis is caused by the last epidemic of his father Louis (Maurice Garrel), and Ismael for his sudden closure in a psychiatric hospital by stirring a strange party. Ismael and Louis are just two of the men who have created Nora's life, and are also created by him, some of the most famous that he now loved the first lover Pierre and their young son Elias. If past and current events are being heard by the audience, and former partners are involved in each other's life again, it appears that the personal action of Nora to take up her life story could be more reliable than the first encounter with the eye. > <br /> Worship director Arnaud Desplechin has put a great deal here, one that has found great plaudits in France. He deliberately performs a collection of stories and develops the film through a series of major changes in feelings and sounds. If this technique was founded on the basic idea of ​​integrating the foundation or the theme may have worked, but it is not known at the end of what Desplechin's true film is on. The most powerful tips for the Greek theory and Freudian theory are obvious to the loads of meaning but, at least for this goo-unseroled movie-goer, still less helpful in shining and translating the lives of the characters. Sometimes the treatment goes into the kitsch but the use of anodyne "Moon River" as the theme of the film's film shows this perhaps for purposes. Spoiler warning ** I witness the main theme of the movie is not a preliminary investigation that how we see ourselves can be very different from how others see us or even how we think others see us. This idea is well-known in the film and death of Pierre and the discovery in the secret newspaper of Louis, but unfortunately all of these events are quite visible and what has been revealed to the audience of Pierre and Louis and Nora. This seems to be a delusion in the Desplechin section, as if he gives us an idea about an unsuspecting form rather than describing it in a natural way. There is one or two on the surreal touch means the existence of an alternate but unconscious world of people who have been left in fear, but again these are regarded as a careful intrusions of filmmaking techniques instead of an explosion from a deep reserve of natural truth. In fact, with all the theories of the load in detail, the characters are very strange to be designed and unnuanced, if they work more like the creators of their ideas of the creator over people rather than real people for their own right. Many details of their lives are easily seen rather than organic. For example, Ismael, as we are constantly reminded, is a viola player, but over two hours passes before seeing him or hearing him play, and the impact of his chosen instrument or profession on his personality has not been defined. Therefore, he can also be a marine biologist or a tribe artist. Amalric brings some manic charm to the careless but ultimately it is Ismael, but I've got cloying and monotone Devos (which may be deliberately, however) like an unusual Nora. At the same time Jean-Paul Roussillon as Ismael's father, Elsa Wolliaston as her psychoanalyst and Magalie Woch as an injured psychologist but who bothered at the hospital would have a great impact among the characters. Catherine Deneuve in it, too, though her role is a little more than a personal coming. Finally, "Rois and Reine" are a very popular taste. If it is impossible to push your bonds, it is most likely that Desiredchin's unsolicited and florid ways will be disappointing and even damaging even if you somehow look at them.
