Anita and I seem to be just a bit of excuse for Meera Syal, author of novels and screens, giving her feelings, complaints and general deficits in English. The overall opinion of Indian quality on English in this film is foul. The English people in this film are shown to be more vulnerable, violent, unoccupied, unsuspecting, engaged in incompetent children, ignorant, uneducated, racist, bad, eating poor, and dim-witted - to describe, only by turning to the Indian culture can be a local priest to be "redeemed" at the end of the film. On the other hand, the Indian family is good, clever, educated, can speak many languages, caring and loving parents, and grammar-school meals. The film faces weaknesses because I am surprised the BBC is fully funded. If it was another way, the English family in the Indian community showed this way, the film would have been shown as a racist. There was a short time when my eye was blowing up on my forehead, I thought I could sleep in my hair. First, the place of tolerance among women in the Muslim celebration - under the ground: English is dirty and uncomfortable - and the men - below: Women English are prostitutes. Second, food with Anita where the Neema family tells her about cutting - down: English is stupid, you can make them do anything. <br /> <br /> But the basic contempt of English - even English wedding is something to contemplate - it is definitely all the way through the film. Anita's behavior was very interesting - near the star of the fallen woman - that I had finished the furious film. This is not "Bend it as Beckham" where humor has completed the love of the widespread social and cultural behavior from the person within that society, and it is a film about two girls from different backgrounds come together. Instead, Anita and Me show that ethnic racial segregation is inevitable, since English is almost an indispensable Indian version, and this is emphasized by a good series of attacks on the "other" film: English. I have heard Anita and I am part of a work full of hate, complaining. On this basis, the BBC should not be sponsored for its production.
