This is one of those 'insects vs insects / eco-horror' features; The theme which was popular at the end of 70 years. You can not just call it a panic. There is no doubt of zero and no bad events. In other words: this movie is very good. It's not that very bad or something; it's just very interesting. The construction site next to the hotel reveals a large nest of germs. Later we learn that, perhaps because of the various antibiotics used in the past, their bite became poisonous. Some people are beaten and rushed to the hospital and it takes age for hospital residents to know what is going on. Robert Foxworth describes himself first and then you can see him going to berserk with a drilling machine for what seems like a couple of hours. Then they run home, waiting to be saved. And, man, you should see all the efforts they make for rescue. I can't destroy a lot, but at one time even uses a large helicopter. When I was watching this, I sat there thinking, "Come, people, all of you are wearing shoes. Just run out of the building. I'm sure the germs did not find you." They are all foolish. Of course, most of the most widespread wounds of filing are shown in all films. Ants in the garden. Ants in the trash. Ants kitchen. Ants on the roof. Ants in the bedroom. Ants in the ditch. And a good place: The insects that walk on the faces of people when actors breathe through the leaves. But when you see the sandy soils in broad shots, it certainly looks like a black rice creator to put in the wall. One little surprise came to an end. No, you don't have any connection with losing on the plot. It was just that Brian Dennehy made it seem like a great farmer. Ehrr ... What more can I say? This movie is called IT HAPPENED AT LAKEWOOD MANOR but the art box of my copy read ANTS and the head when it opened the credit was PANIC AT LAKEWOOD MANOR. There is that. Now, since this is a movie released for TV from 70 years, I'll never be too gentle in my last rating. Now, SAVAGE BEES, another 'movie vs insects' TV movie from 1976 was better than this. I even feel I must return and add a few points to its level after seeing ANTS. Lack of doubt, action, exciting, frightening and beauty, the only thing you will be left with after seeing ANTS is a problem that is offensive.
