About the only thing I liked about this film was that there was enough in it to put me on my seat until the end ... I continued to think that perhaps in the search for the situation would be the gel ... Ole ... <br /> Wale who is the film of Van Van Sant - especially those of the future - maybe this one. Of course, I see the films of van Sant being lighter, prudent and simple. In fact, he was a producer of this film, so it is not surprising that the film would have been made by him - although I loved it more than the recent van van efforts (eg elephant). Contrary to many here, I don't think the film was hard to understand or incorporated, I thought that all of it is a film that wants to show a certain situation - a teenager going slowly into an adult world - but so slowly that The change doesn't look like if. But I feel that the problem with the film is that "feeling" is not enough ... and not just, but that the chosen mood here is for my mind, chosen incorrectly for the story being considered. The quality of a dream, closely related to nature, is bound by beauty here, but it is a mood that is more than a very young child, who still finds it quite natural to look at the natural opening (waves on the shore, grass and flowers, spiders etc.). Rhythm of the film reminds me at the end of my time when I was about eight or nine. There is a language for a film that deals with what is appropriate during youth life. When you have a victory over someone - or something to abuse at school - you are nothing BUT languorous! There is only a short time that really worked for me in the film ... SPOILERS HAPI - first time Logan chooses vegetables and her mother gives us a little. The adult mind who deals with the klutzy kid - especially for the father no now - looks really to me. The second, and only part of the film and any tension to them, were the events where "Leah" (creation of Logan himself) phone Rodeo and tries to deceive her on a mobile phone. The first reason I liked it was because the person who made the "Leah" voice was an active actress. (It made me financially for Claire Danes from My Life-Call ... sounded like Claire.) She and Rodeo had the only events that seemed to be reliable among children. And what I really liked is the fact that Rodeo pretended to only play ... it was perhaps the best time in the film as - finally! - we have developed character. All of them, inappropriate efforts ... we will need to see what he is doing in his next film before we will talk much about the talents of the director. At the same time, if he can stop the influence of van Sant, it can make a good world. Who is this director - one of the young fingers of van Sant?
