First of all, this film is rapidly moving, and I see many viewers lose the most patience in the first thirty minutes. This aspect of the film is one I thought it would be the basis of the best film; what was missing here is a plot that would develop a basic theme. It is unfortunate, because in the hands of the author as (say) Lanford Wilson, I think the sign as a lion-mountain facing the school of the school can take a huge amount of, horrible without having a heavy burden. I think, with a good script that supports the film, the filmmaker, and the same flavor, and even the same actors (who did not even have the opportunity to please me), may have a meaningful and touching show of pain and conflict that boy he passes the time he continues to "crush" the power of an older man who loves. However, I am sorry to say that without this foundation, and unintelligible weapons, without color, and a very large script, without any kind of plot before, and lack of any form of wise (for example, after looking at it, I believe you will find that you cannot explain on the climactic scenes, and instead, you will see it writing "well, maybe that event, or that one, was the obstacles ...") - the result is 95 minutes to run. <br /> <br /> Without a good plot, we can't get very strong in any characters; their experiments and problems are better and better. <br /> <br /> Without a good plot, wonderful tools and freedom of preferential directions are puzzling and confused rather than additions to the story line. I can never believe, for example, the creation of "Leah" and I think that many viewers will be completely defeated by the usual way in which his call was held. <br /> <br /> If the film stands, I'm afraid it is one that I can't totally recommend. Something I can't understand is why this film has not been re-developed by an interesting film manufacturer ... instead of all religious remake that was very good at the first release! All that is needed is a good script, written by a good authors, and I think this film can easily be converted to a classic non-forgetful story about the coming of a male who is rarely treated in the game. All the elements that were so tough and so visible in the film (written message on the abdomen of the boy, the events of "Leah", the television screen fantasies) can be rich if stressed with a good STORYLINE. <br /> <br> I see a few comments that people are talking about this film somehow about "gay" subject, and I think that's wrong. Obviously, the "crush" shown is the new boy boy to the old boy's boyfriend, but the attitude of Logan is too small to solve on any gender choice, and in fact, in his fantastic blowing mouse, we see all kinds of excitation , sex and not sex, as we expect in a young boy like him. I believe "crushing" such as Logan is common among young men who grow up with a decision that has been decided by gender partners.
