Sitting down to look at the 14th of the Bachelor ("On The Love of Love"), I knew I would be in "interesting" time. I was looking at some of the last season of Bachelor for passing; look at the part or two with missing three or more next. I find that Bachelor often attracts and attractive, although its quality and values ​​are often lacking. “In Love of Love” notes a trip taken by Jake, a 31-year-old business trip from Dallas, Texas, to find true love, like real love if someone can get in a long period of time show-display display. Jake meets 25 beautiful girls from all over the country. He begins to know them a little, but it's about the top; how do you get to know someone in a few minutes of 5 minutes? Jake tries to make his real intention known from the beginning, at least for the audience. He noted that he does not just want a love or a good time, but wants a partner or wife. We can only assume that he has given them clear to women in the competition as well. If so, it can explain, to some extent, some of the actions of women. Women are extremely competitive. And they don't even know Jake however, they still fight against it without cost. Not only women are competitive, but they were also confident and few. Threats, back, and warning "Look!" all show that these women were not in good time either. Jake noted that he did not want just to appeal to sex, but to search for "connections." However, girls removed all the attempts to try to impress Jake and sex appeal. They came to the skimpy clothing house? either cut-cut or short. <br /> <br /> When other girls seemed to have a sense of decoration, others missed that invitation. One girl, Channy, said that Jake was a "good man" who could be a "bad girl." He continued to say that Jake could give us a "runway" at any time. He got a flack from other girls for his inspiring information which showed that they take these conditions. Therefore, the reality of dating dating cannot be bad, can it? In addition to the obvious aspect of sexual orientation, there are other factors that show this unseen display. What? This is the right way to find a future partner; to fight for the attention of a person with a large-scale isolation? Unfortunately, however, the Americas has decreased dating for these days: pleasure and sex without volunteers and a little fun side. Another problem is an emotional attachment before many girls are locked up by Jake. Few girls seemed to be standing very much. One girl said "If I didn't get the first impression it will kill me!" As mentioned earlier, they do not know yet and he was talking about a certain rose, not just one of 15 roses to prevent release. Michelle, in particular, appeared to have other issues and attachments to Jake. Other girls also saw it. After the burst of Michelle, Vienna said that Michelle had a "mental breakdown and we've been here only one hour." Michelle got the last evening rose on the first show? lose cuts? and he was very impressed on her. Some girls thought it was just ridiculous. Another girl also cried, but because she was removed. <br /> <br /> Started with Survivor, and from there just took away? reality TV. It shows our entertainment interests as a country; if we didn't watch the exhibitions and give them good ratings, networks cannot continue to run. The only conclusion of the logic that can be found is that the American Order is walking. One thing is clear: America (generally) likes real TV and its subsequent events. <br /> <br /> This asks me to ask: why are we even like real TV? What? What about it that draws us to that? Is it because we see the similarity of our own life, or is it because we want to be sure that we are more stable and not stronger than others? Whatever motivates us, we should be careful with the media and entertainment we allow to fill our minds. I did not say that all TV shows are bad; however, I say that we need to evaluate each other. <br /> <br /> Events used to consider: Prime Minister's Season and Part 2.
