Yes, even if the fan shows as a winner and student, this show is very bad. I had no idea of ​​the first two exhibitions, but then I saw how everyone who had a pathetic was going to actually show in the first place. The Antics of Alex and Aaron give the people a bad name in the way they have deceived or lost their choice for the first opportunity really not good for the show. <br /> <br /> Ryan, you can have Trista. He had a sad voice that I had heard on television, and he certainly was not the most intelligent girl (savvy media, but I doubt there is much more there). looked at any exhibition since, without running on the TV day. I think the truth of the TV is to treat it as a "trash of entertainment". Look like something that you can laugh, and you don't need to think too hard (see CSI as a real-TV-exhausted and clichéd reality, but you think too much when you look at) show. At first the 'woman tells all of them' Mama like Amy (who had many classrooms on her) said she had tried every area of ​​the bar and the club's place to meet the guy and didn't happen to her. Hey Amy, how about joining the club? Find a volunteer job to help you? To change your work to one where you meet more people, all I know is that going to the bar is not a good place to meet a future partner. Amy and many other girls seemed to consider the idea of ​​meeting the "perfect man". Tip for women: does not exist. There is, however, many great people out there that would make great men, others that could be right for you! they can get six figures per year or have JFK junior look the same, but they're great people alike. The woman's deficiency in this show is not quite possible. I am still a young man, at that time it was leading to believe that a woman gradually grew up from their depths as they were older and more realistic about their future partner. This period is to confirm otherwise. <br /> <br /> Overall this show has a lot to prove the majority of how a woman sees people in society. In fact it is a bad show and I think all these types of exhibitions should only stop being done. The best relationship is shown by the miles of the country is the Day of the Blind and the Five Wheel because it is fun. There is nothing more than a "couple" than a simple night. bachelor, sadly takes itself very seriously.
