** SPOILERS ** Describes a slasher film that is completely useless and a fighter around a black dress and wearing what looks like a rubber truck Peter Lorre. They were told earlier in the cinema, near the first place, that Beth Morgan's little was in rehab due to the high use of drugs after her boyfriend was killed in Tennyson Collage about a year ago. It is also supplied that the FBI Agent Sacker's (Jeff Conaway), who has considered taking the killer, was also killed in Tennyson almost simultaneously. When the movie "Do You Want to Know the Secret" is simply not about what the two killings in the connection include in the murder of Florida's twelveteen-day students? The other that the killer, at least in the murder of Beth's boyfriend, was wearing Halloween's silly same clothes. <br /> <br /> During the spring breaks in the State of Sunshine Six students spend their holidays on the beach house and before they know they start getting knocked off one at a time. Starting with a computer geek Brad Clyton, Chad Allen, the killings have gone through the city and a number of people who have nothing to do with a fascinating student including Gavin's chief, Jack McGee, to get sliced ​​open. The masked killer saves Beth for the last time in this mysterious ceremony in a private church, in what looks like Florida Everglades. Then it finally reveals who is and what he wants is that makes sense like the film does, no. Trying to be afraid of all the film viewers make it and do it with a lot of proven slasher. The most effective with Oz Washington affected, Tom Jay Jones, live at least three attempts on his life and end up, with Agent Sacker, a hero in the film. Oz also had a despair over a foot from a large glass mirror that was close to half and injured but later saved himself, after a murder that he did not commit, actually had a second time The more with the killer with him is not such as having a little motion in his walk! It was also quite meaningless why Oz and Beth went to themselves to fight and kill the killer instead of calling the police, and the cell phone that Oz had, instead? Beth, who has lost his head on him, in the movie Hank Ford, Joseph Lawrence, also feels very much with two girls at the beach house. somehow disappear from the front! for a while knew whether they were completely killed or whether it was a kind of hallucination on Oz or a local police section. Until the end of the wall where they came from the church. We also get an understanding about the relationship between Tina and Hank with him, drinking and doing bad work, trying to get it with Hank as Bet walks without Hank and Tina even recognizing him. That seems to have hated Beth even more then his girlfriend was killed at the beginning of the movie!
