Just too bad, it is made from I KNOW WHAT YOU CAN MAKE A Lunch, has a rich college students using a spring break at a condom killed in Florida directly. The attack of each group that can be attributed to the interruption of the construction of the death march. This text is handled properly and the characters leave a little more than the caricatures you are seeing to see as soon as possible. Del Tenney (Curse of the Dead to Live, I Eat Your Skin), of all people, produced by the executive, participant in writing, and stars as a priest in the core role that his relationship with the killer thinks means something for what he is psychotic. The revelation of the murderer is used with caution and improperly, perhaps not surprising the soul watching it. There are many attempts to fly, and one character that walks out to be afraid of their friends, which can't even make a few cheap buttons, because it was calculated that way. Most attacks occur away from cuts (or pools) representing the actual demonstration of violence. The end of the end, where the killer continues to play with the actor trying to make his villain a romantic and possible arrangement as possible, is embarrassing and low. There is not one positive one that comes out of this clichéd exercise with a red and good effort to make little effort to raise their direct roles. And, because of compassion, they would allow us to see Joey Lawrence to get a desire or something to cope with the trouble of staying through this heap of junk for 90 minutes of bitterness. Dorie Barton, as the last girl of the heroine, Beth Morgan, whom the killer seems to have been considered, can not be more open and was unhappy (.., was in rehab, and takes medicine for her pain, this amazing show ). Chad Allen, fighting against such a "friend" of the most horrible group (who happens to disappear from the film first, introducing the idea that he is the first victim), has a complicated hill climbing his role, so steep he finally is dancing, rolling without control without end in front. Jeff Conaway, who needs some money I think, has the role of the FBI agent, whose murder of his daughter encourages him to seek a murderer, and take him to Florida. Jack McGee has a modest $$ s hole as a police chief of Florida who is often nose and nose and conaway agent. Oh, the answer to the question of the head .. is not true. Because when you get an answer, you will wonder why you are suffering with this however.
