The movie started with a run Wheeler run into the partner's apartment. Her aunt (Edna May Oliver - a talented person for this film) did not like Wheeler - a feeling that I can easily understand. Aunt decided to take that little foreign woman to pick up a Wheeler. They left with Wheeler invested in a revolution in a little historical kingdom because they promised to make him their king. At the same time, Woolsey was in the little kingdom and was king. So when Wheeler came, it was for boys to fight it, but they rejected it because they are already friends - something that was so desperate for people, like to kill and replace kings is national time. I am a great fan of comedy from the Golden Age of Hollywood - a silent era for the 1940s. I have seen and through hundreds, if not thousands of these films and even despite my love and thanks to these films I have never understood the appeal of Wheeler and Woolsey - team The only comedy that could be as bad as Ritz Brother! Despite the great success in their short work in Hollywood (reduced due to the first death of Robert Woolsey), I cannot help but be aware that each success group made the same basic but better ideas. For example, there were many aspects of this film that reminds the Marx Brother film, DUCK SOUP, but registered NUTS never did laugh and DUCK SOUP was romp and very enjoyable. Sometimes, Woolsey spoke like Groucho, but his joke had no punchlines that even away is funny! In fact, he appeared only with a touch. Its unique quality is that it appeared goofy - certainly not a sufficient reason to put it on the film. Additionally, Wheeler had a comedic appeal of a piece of cheese - a piece of cheese too much! The former Vaudeville problem was proposed by Abbott and Costello as "the first" made in this film but it had no magic. In fact, as soon as they started their spiel, they just finished routine - so early that you're left confused. I knew that "the first one" had been around for many years and was used by many teams, but I wanted to see Wheeler and Woolsey to give them the right shot and make it their own. again, I've got a small film with this duo. While I have to admit that I liked the small films (such as BILLIES OF SILLY and RAINMAKERS - which I gave 6 to IMDb), this was a great test of patience to complete - something that I find happens all too often I watch Wheeler and Woolsey movies. Where were they all?
