As a relative that gives you a bad gift, the salvation of the soul has its heart in the right place but it goes with the worst action. Stephen Carpenter's writing / lead work is freely borrowed from other films, better, such as Ladder Jacob and Abre Los Ojos (Open Your Eyes). For those who have not seen one of these films, I will not give them an inspiration; it should say that it is not near and also addressed here than in these two best films. Melissa Sagemiller star as Cassie, about going to university. His present partner Sean (Ben Affleck) and former Matt Matt (Wes Bentley), two friends, and Annabel (acabic Eliza Dushku) are in a car accident after being followed by two killers (?) In transparent masks. He lives during the fall, but when attending university there is a vision of hospital problems and the dead are seen again and disappearing, leaving a mixture of general mixing: who died? Who is alive? What's the truth? <br /> <br /> Salvation of the soul seems to be rotten-there, done-that, filling the gore, blood-splattered, body-stacking boy exploitation flick. True, it has its part of the scenes-kill-stalking-victim (a lot, repeat, and mind-numbing), but at least tries to create doubts through ideas rather than plans, unfortunately not succeeded. It generates a mixture more often than a partnership, as an emerging, frightening and unusual story next to the key points (it is possible as it is.) <br /> <br /> Scary fans who take copies don't have their idea for it. The film that deals more with creating a bad facade of reality than giving the body a number. Credit goes to Carpenter to try to create something more than a flick of a young derivative fear; The worst has formed a psychological thriller derived. Sagemiller also deserves kudos to show power in central performance, to actually develop his character and pull the feeling of feeling like Cassie unraveling. It is better to watch filmmakers trying something different, but the film ends up a combination package with a failed attempt. <br /> <br /> 4 out of 10
