Final Score: 1.8 (between 10) <br /> After seeing 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back' I had to be on a big kick of Eliza Dushku when I used this movie. 'The salvation of the soul' is the junk "psychological thriller" dressed as a young girl girl with flick - even to the peak of killing young and boys as Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty), Casey Affleck (Drowning Mona) The star visible Melissa Sagemiller. Luke Wilson is also there, being deceived as a priest. The movie, the brain brain of the author / director Stephen Carpenter, looks like a creature of 'Open Eyes' or 'Vanilla Sky' and movies where the character (and audience) is found in the world of dillusion caused by accidents / death. The movie continues to churning out the exciting pictures and it leaves us in a state of chaos all the time running up to this new reality finally resolved. I don't think these movies are so entertaining - by their original-start, but 'SS' is the rock bottom of the cheap garbage cinema any way you can cut. Exhibitions, script, acting and any authenticity attempts are all lost after movies like this. Further, it is PG-13 so it even provides a gauge or a T&A to develop it as a pleasure of guilt (even an unregistered version is tame). I had heard that a movie with a "hot" swimming pool between Dushku & Sagemiller. If the movie collapsed in front of me and all the other entertainment seemed to be lost I found myself waiting patiently for the swimming area - at least I could get something out of this. Then comes: two girls get the color on their shirts, jump in swimming perfectly to wear and wipe. That's right. Did people think this was hot? 'The salvation of the soul' is one of the most interesting movies that are very low and are not available to have any feeling in that direction. Sets something and it is not appropriate to write about. At the end it leaves us empty. The end of the creators is a glow of bright light and blowing sounds and that's the most exciting place. Certainly it will make a demonstration as a nightly rate at the end of the US or Sci-Fi Channel, because of the cheap and PG-13 rating - and that's probably the best for it.
