The world is experiencing imminent destruction and suicide mission is sent to the Sun to eliminate the tragedy by bombing into its hot heart: yes, it is Solar Crisis, aka the Crisis in 2050, which burned up a huge chunk of change that is never revealed on the rear mirror The 1990s return to a sufficient quantity to buy Food for Fun for everyone who was planned in Japan before going directly to the video (remember?) in the revised version was listed by Alan Smithee. The hook plot of pretty much the same as the Sunshine - suicide mission to the Sun, the crocodile on the board, logical cast adrift - except this time you will not try to reignite the sun but early blow the solar flare before it can reach the world. And a talking bomb. Issued by Paul Williams. Who wants to be developed so that the staff will take him more? Since the cast is also included with Jack Palance at his OTT more dementedly, Charlton Heston at his most rigid, top of Tim Matheson's most timely names, the original Hills Have Eyes' unforgettable Michael Berryman (you can remember the name, but remember the same face ) and Peter Boyle as a trader of destroying the message because, if, succeeding the world will be saved but its stock price will decline, you would expect if not at least a minute-at least to laugh every reel. No fun. This is the worst kind of bad film: one boring. Finally the world may be standing horizontally but the whole film is hit by a complete lack of speed or speed with the same improper efficiency. There is a low key and there is a walk that way, but here the cast does not. Instead, they stand still looking at the screens around the dark for a lot of time. You continue to expect Paul Williams' to speak a bomb to suffer the existence of the crisis, but instead of the film only… it stands there, doing nothing. In fact. Is this one of the most inert movies done? so inert that if Clive Owen was cast, he almost almost felt alive by comparison. Even attempting to make an unsafe suicide fails to raise the fritter of interest because it involves exactly, yep, standing just looking at the screen around the dark. Even when a bomb comes in before they are launched they are fighting a new crisis? standing still looking at close and dark screens as if they had all the time around the world. Traders-Ivory film with the best action action <br /> <br /> Many things livelier down to the world where the movie spends most of it running while with Matheson's son / Chuck granddaughter Nem Nemec try to apply for an elevator. The spaceport on the desert landscapes with the insane Palance artist of the desert "finding a note that out there when chicks still dig me" when waylaid and refuses from Mad Max ripoff with evil company suits who track it down so they can ?? dismiss him on the beautiful beach. Don't expect logic, if you have never thought of that. Best time? The girl who was in the bar describing Jack Palance as "old old white hair and face as a rotting skin," although Chucky Baby took a villain's plane with a bazooka was chased out of the hip from an office window or beat a barfly who likes her beret are players The camp in the film which by 99% of its time provides a lot of nuttin '. Richard C. Sarafian's little more than the original cut that played in Japan offers an additional six minutes but he cries off cut down for more minutes to be managed 17: The director of Vanishing Point should thank his lucky star when re-edit gave him the excuse to take his name away from the film. Bad movies are not good, and they don't like much
