I chose this head from a friend who was sitting in his full collection of DVD / Video / Laserdisc, for luck I had no one to pay. I had a ink that would be a bad film, but I know the worst films are after looking at the greats like Children without bumps and many strange creatures that stopped living and became a mixed zombies, and now nothing is doing for me unless it's very bad. The sun's crisis is bad, but it does not reach the best of all the pain that some movies have. However, the general plot is that the sun is about to remove the brightness of solar energy towards the earth that will destroy them. In order to deal with the immediate threat, humanity has gathered a spaceship field with staff whose duty is the fire of an antimatter bomb (which opens as a "eternal explosion") into the sun, which through sci fi fi logic will lead them to shoot at different angles, leaving the world of piracy. Never think that what I have described is like a bad part of the original Star Trek. Even with the strangled group (Charlton Heston, Peter Boyle, and Jack Palance), the Solar Crisis can manage that level of freedom, because of a simple plot, but it becomes increasingly nonsensical during wear. The success of the title of this film debacle is to add a life-style (played by Boyle) who insists on sabotaging the message. Through unfamiliar ways, it sends bad minion for bad hair shyness by using some kind of unconscious mind control over genetic scientist, and playing with female leader Annabel Schofield. Why did he sabotaging the message? Because of her ethical view, she believes that the situation will not happen and that when it will not be, she will be very rich because she has removed her bad claws from the stock market. In fact, you have a villain with a great sense of stupidity. The film plan is taking place in an amazing way and it progresses slowly, for a while you are using the characters who have only open or non-important roles in story stories. I would like to sit here and describe in detail what is happening to show that it is impossible for a scribe to make a plot that clarifies or takes your thoughts, but I'm sitting here to write this review on Microsoft Word and I really know that this would take three pages, and I would succeed. just lose your interest. But again, you would like to get the same effect as watching the film. However, the film is very disturbed by very poor conversation. Imagine if all that happened in the Star Trek Enterprise was that the characters were sci-fi jargon for each other. Yes, I know, it already does, but imagine if they did all of them, and that they used the jargon to introduce open and close scenes that do not contain excitement, tension, or interest for any viewer. <Br /> <br /> This is a good example when the behavior in Zero-G setting is behind the bolt in the metal box before the right to cry for a few minutes before you cancel. The script says earlier in the behavior that threatens the explosion, but it does not help to give any answer why or how this happens, or why it cannot escape completely. In general, you have a cross of a mysterious pole and a loss. <br /> <br /> Then we have several scenes where you build faster it causes something. Jack Palance's performance has been lost in a habit that only serves to drive a young man (don't ask) near the desert, before being reduced and killed by a group of suits. In his death bed, Palance finally tells our young hero his last name (while wearing a painful job that makes him like a man putting a balloon under his eyeball), which he kept silent about the past. Colonel Travis J. Richards. The boy repeats silence after he is finished, giving the audience the impression that the name is more important later in the film. Perhaps the admiral character of Charlton Heston knows he and the plot will develop so once his name is repeated. Something. Anything. Nope. Sorry. Any hope you have will be lost when this time will only be one of the many attempts to fail, fail to create a drama ?? for flat and hackneyed behavior that will ever be stain on the work of Palance, as well as those of the other cast are also destroyed. Completing the film is a sudden end of life with Schofield running in the middle of the sun in an attempt to redeem his actions during the tribal wind, a peak that shows some of the most well-made films made by which, even with a clear observation, they are able to make the film look like it is. The sad part of this film is a very clear budget, used to trouble on the script stinker and help to be healed behind Boyle, Heston, and Palance which can freeze the file by installing on the action. <br /> <br /> Bridge: D-
