(This is a review of the English release to Disney, with Alison Lohman, Patrick Stewart, and cooperation.) <br /> <br /> I wanted this film to be good. True, really. I am a great fan of Princess Mononoke and Spirited Away, and after seeing all the interesting views on this original Miyazaki film, I was willing to see it. But I was shocked and amazed, saying, for the quality of this film. The future films are concerned with well-plots, 3-dimensional characters, and the best music videos since ... well ... forever. This movie does not come close. It is also possible to start features well, though. Like all Miyazaki films, this is still very thoughtful, with a beautiful fantasy / sci-fi environment, in the post-surgery world where insects are a great variety. Nausicaa can also boast more animation for other films from its time. (although it's not good with water like the future of Miyazaki's films) And the voice of English voice has been done well. <br /> But this film ... just ... not ... good ... All the characters are nasty - from Nachuaa sweet little of saccharine, for the evil Tolmekians evil, for everyone in the middle. Once you see each other for 30 seconds, you have seen all there. And the fact that the plot eliminates aside is not recommended. Then there is music ... Now, Hisaichi has hands under my songwriter, but Nausicaa didn't do it right. Half of the music is 80 keyboards on overdrive, and often comes in with the leaves suddenly that prevents visuals instead of helping them. I testify so much that Hisaichi was told to compose a lot of music before they even saw pictures. <br /> <br /> But wait! There's a good message with this film, right? Let's save the environment! Such a bad that this film hits you on its head as a sledgehammer. There is a place that Nausicaa embraces a tree. No, indeed. I don't know. <br /> <br /> It is a little sad to talk about how this movie has been released. But for some reason all the other views on IMDb seem to love it. And when characters should talk to themselves in extended sentences to tell you what is going on, they are lame. If you are a type of person who worships anime, he enjoys 80 music, and climbs the tree every day of Arbor, maybe you would like this film. Otherwise, secure your money for future films, because they spend too much time.
