Currently, this film is listed on the IMD as the 42 worst-made movie - that's why I used it from NetFlix. However, I am frustrated to report that the film, at the wrong time, is not the place where it was not really worthy to be on the 100-listed films. I have seen at least 100 bad films than this. It does not approve the adoption, but did not meet the expected level of evil being included in this inappropriate list. The film begins with Stewart Moss and Marianne McAndrew at their nighttime (by the way, married in real life). She is a doctor who is considered by bats and insists going to the closest cave. Once there, it works very, very, very ridiculous (shows bad films) and recently beaten by bat. According to this film, bats love to attack people and there are vampire bats in the United States - both of which are not quite true. Then, after being bitten, you can't even get to the hospital! The first thing for anyone's mind (especially a doctor) is to get medical help immediately, but not this boob. Recently, he is injured - however he does not care about seeking help! Occasionally you continue to think that this must be a stupidest couple in the history of the film! After a while, it eventually goes to see a doctor and is taken to the hospital. But, at that time it is too late and its attacks become stronger and he begins to kill people to absorb their blood. If it is obvious to everyone that a person is a machine of murder, a wife (who, like her husband, has a brain vine) refuses to believe it is dangerous - even after defeating people, stealing an ambulance and escaping a car off the road! Now when most of the Moss pass through these events, his eyes return and he looks like a normal person. Instead, however, it often develops hands like hands and towards the end they used the cosmetics well on it to make it quite visible. If this was true, the film would have succeeded. How all this planned was secret as it was Moss and McAndrew's belief that this film could help their work - although both have had long-term work on TV to play small tasks since 1974. <br /> <br /> Total, dumb very much. The plan is stupid and does not know and depend on people to act in a non-verbal way. It's not quite a good film, but it's not among the worst films at all. NOTE: For some reason, IMD shows a graphic for DVD set up for IT ALIVE and is two columns of web page for BAT people. While the BAT people have been seen by the title "Ni Hai", the two movies are not quite relevant. It is easy to understand the mistake - especially since both of them went out in 1974, but the movie I was looking at star Stewart Moss and Marianne McAndrew and another film shared by John Ryan and Sharon Farrell.
