I often ... try and try and try to be the help of all the Z Z Z movies out there, but once a certain film explores your patience until you want to force everyone involved. "People of Bat" (which I saw under the title "Living With Night") is just the same movie. You can't watch this without thinking that it should be part of the "Night Gallery", and not one of the best, either. The movie has something to do with a battered by a bat and it begins to erase into the ones that were drinking human blood. (True, you would think if he would turn on a real bat, he could eat mosquito buckets, but because this is a cheap, lurid film of fear, a word of blood). with black events almost every night, his friend and colleague, Dr Mustache Aspen-Extreme, insists that he has only to have 'allergic reaction' to shots of rabies. At the same time, Sheriff who is more concerned about the world is responsible for the brutal killing and exsanguination of several local girls (and one ink). At the same time, the doctor's wife decides that the refusal is a river in Egypt and in some way recognizes him and makes him go astray. It is not so much that acting is bad - you can tell that executives make the choice of professionals, and try to bring the juice and life into the script, even the person who plays sheriff. (OK, not bad, but it's bad in the clichéd, wood, professional way). It's just that everything about acting, how events have been reviewed, clothing, discussion, script and story line generally keep your teeth sharp and makes you want, well, give everyone involved. <br /> I think the film had an outdoor opportunity to have a basket, it did not open a preference for a small ritual, but: Pataki acknowledged ACT, and not only the Dennis Weaver channel. He also needed to find a script which made a little more sense about "Bite Bites Man", who then turns into "Bat" mode. 3) He also needed an actor who played a doctor to get a little more of the physical business action for his 'episodes', instead of using the “Man Has A Seizure” page from the Little Book of Golden Golden Clichéd. 4) He needed to fix the entire 'wife' attitude, making him more intelligent, less surprising and more waaaaay. I can never watch this film voluntarily, except for the help of Mike and Bots. It is bad, but it is not bad in a pleasant, exciting or interesting way. It is still better than "World War" or "Waterworld", though.
