"Bat people" are the proud inhabitants of IMDb Bottom 100. Every time and when the film comes from a list of beauty, according to that there are new movies and Paris Hilton in leadership or document about American Idol stars, but it always returns honestly sooner or later. And why? Because, unlike a large number in the list, "People's Bat" is a bad bad film and deserves to be there regardless of any media or buzz influence of the web! That's almost not a very bad film made, since the basic concept has a definite charm and certain skills, but it's still difficult to stay all the way. The script is very surprising, with images of unwanted padding and a great gap in the continuation, and yet the main characters are still the total visitors in the entire film. Other than the wise screens, the film also does not have an interesting killing system with the make-up effects? although the honor of young Stan Winston ?? it's very safe and still not visible to the end of the film. The name of the film is correct, as "people" refers to the numbers in abundance where the story actually refers to one of the Bat. More than Bruce Wayne, the real Batman plays in this film and he also has a Bat-real cave with Bat-mobile (stolen ambulance)! The plan precedes young couples in the early weekend to investigate caves. They are walking from a visiting group and battled by bat while trying to protect his wife from the vicious attack of animals. Concerned that she may be infected with rabies, she gets severe treatment at local hospitals, but this does not stop her from slowly changing the blood organ. He kills innocent people during the night and fingers near the police force who is suspicious when his loving wife still believes that bad habits are only due to allergic reactions to diabetes treatment. Indeed, honey! Script does not explain why the bat can attack people and how John will always come back to the normal humanity of the new day instead of gradually turning into a permanent bat-guano. So basically, "People's Bat" are different on the good old landscape of the waswolf, but certainly not one very interesting. The concept showed a lot of power, but somehow the small plots were placed on gold and ignorant fools rather than ghastly strokes. Some of the layouts and outdoor movies seem amazing, the inappropriate song of playing during the credit is so amazing, there is little good to the time of the peak (finally!) And the main actor Marianne McAndrew is ravishing look (though not listening to . This list of the films of the evil and the most popular of less than 100 is the number 80, and I personally hope it places it in the area. The list can't feel and traditional without "People's Bat".
