Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II begins in Hamilton High School of 1957 where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) cheats her Bill Billham (Steve Atkinson) and Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill gets & has been damaged, while Mary Lou has been promoted to the 1957 & promotional act by accepting her award. Bill, still hurting, decides to play a joke on Mary Lou so he gives us a firecracker on stage but still fuse lit fabric to dress Mary Lou put her with her on fire, within Mary Lou's seconds to toast. 30 years later & Hamilton High will have to hold the evening evening. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now chief & has a child named Craig (Justin Louis) who lives with Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and both are planning to go together. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, that very bad day 30 years ago haunt Bill & Bud. One day Vicki looks closer to the school's subject to discovering the big trunk that opens up, this is a bad argument if Mary Lou's retaliation is free and she wants to claim her title as prom queen and in her time of delivery gives revenge revenge his death. The first thing is Jess Browning (Beth Gondek) whose death is suicidal, Mary Lou begins to possess Vicki's body as the night of prom approaches. After losing the competition in the shape of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes) who tries to fix the prom so he wins. Mary Lou in the body of Vicki has crowned Hamilton High prom queen that allows Mary Lou himself to rise from the dead to make an unexpected appearance & actually liven party up ... <br /> <br /> No relationship with the Prom Night's original ( 1980) and led by Bruce Pittman I thought Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II was not a very good film. Ron Oliver's script focuses on the most common features rather than the young subject of the young, if this good or bad decision will depend on your expectations. Of course I have seen these different elements did not have a gel or work well together. The entire film was far less enjoyable, after the opening series where Mary Lou died no one was killed until half an hour and then the film plods for half an hour until Vicki finally got the film finally takes the moment to the top where the bad woman Mary Lou kills an adult in the prom before failing to defeat, coming to the horror of the movie fans expecting 'death killer' was not dead & ready for the end ''? Do not expect to count the entire body, only five in the entire film and no one has ever appeared even though I acted like Monica's (Beverley Hendry as Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in the swimming pool that Mary Lou had caused and caused poor blood Monica to run out. The most common part of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is displayed by Vicki with lots of votes for the first hour & Mary Lou control items during the last stages including several shots of the rocking chunky horse that comes to life, the board The board is very good and also turns into water and zombie hands drag Vicki into it. Slasher side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is not the best, I acted like Mary Lou herself lifting builders of one duty and made for a good villain even if she didn't kill enough people. Oh, and that's what I got to worship the other director of fear and close to each of the names of the names sharing one, this does not know anything on the film but it's a little good touch I think. Acting is similar but trustworthy Micheal Ironside seems to be lost and has not felt as close as he asks himself what he is doing in this & if he will ever work again. Forget about any year, someone is hung, there is a disease and a cross that leaves the screens, someone tied with neon light, the computer goes crazy with the electrocutes face (!?) & Mary Lou comes out of the body of Vicki first as a zombie decay that it was quite a cool area. There are some complete shots of weakness in front of girls too, if it's your thing. To give you a Mary Lou credit: Prom Night II is the same look, has the best production standards and is generally done well. In general I was misled by Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II, it was very slow and finally not knowing how to keep my interest for about 100 minutes. I don't know if it deserves a 3 or 4 star score, I will give you 4 for there is nothing particularly wrong and I think I have been in most films but not just do anything for I'm afraid.
