I only got a special edition of UK 4-disc Superman 1 for about 5 dollars. Additional items include 1951 Superman and Mole-Men. So I ran into the DVD player last night, and here's my result. <br /> <br /> Some of the original desires - I didn't have a look, and I think I had a mental mind like one of Kirk Alyn's websites. I'm not a big fan of George Reeves as Superman, and I didn't see anything except an unusual picture of Kirk Alyn - but hey ho, never. <br /> <br /> This black and white production runs for less than an hour. It feels a number of cases of one of the first Reeves TV series, two parter, put together for the release of movies, although IMDb says it was closed as a movie released before the first TV series. In any event, it is an unusual choice because I will get it later. I am an age when I remember the production of television and films that are limited to one or two places and set, so there was no great surprise here. However, for a small budget movie, this is actually a low budget. <br /> <br /> Story involves a small town of Silsby - a population of 1,430 - which, puzzlingly, is also home to a deep fatty oil (6 miles). The story opens up and the cashier is quick to take steps to be closed. This faces the arrival of journalists of the Metropolis Kent and Lane to report on the well, for the oil company. As Clark describes the fact that the drill has emerged in the 6-rock radiation crops, under the young ordinary young (small in the form, big in the head, black in the jumpsuit, and the eye in the eye) comes from the drillshaft barrier, and starts the townching cycle The city and the words puzzled on their faces. <br /> <br /> Great breath now, here is the remaining plot of the picture. Young boys fear children, so Jeff Corey (who plays the xenophobe of the widespread city) convinces some of the pals to kill these "creatures". Superman action (in an ineffective amount) and grab one of the young youth who has been shot and took him to the local hospital. Corey's story burns down under the shadow of a little fellow hiding and thinks he is killed, but he runs with his feet under the ditch. Corey encourages a group of lynch (in spite of sheriff to catch him) hanging Mole-Man hospital. Superman stops them from entering the hospital and taking the injured chappie into the ditch back to his colleagues. Total 4 Mole-Men are emerging with a weapon of some sort which they fire in Jeff Corey (I call this Aargh gun because its sole effect seems to be making Corey going "Aargh!") And Superman saves. He immediately changes his ways because of the surprise of Superman to save him after the way he did, the men of Mole come back down into the ditch. Finally. <br /> <br /> Despite the film being just one hour long, there is a huge amount of crawling around, considering and following - I have left all of the "Mole-Man 1 creeps from A to B, looking out to make sure nobody follows "things. Mole-Men have never been involved in any way - they do not talk - they just turn, tortured, and return. They look at the little creepy, but it is not difficult for the organisms that the city's answers mean. <br /> <br /> Reeves is quite good Clark Kent - a very hard journalist, more than Phyllis Coates' than Lois Lane different. But he is a terrible terrible, terrible. Not only is he looking at the parts (at least his hair is black in this, which is the improvement from the red hair he played in some TV shows), the way he is playing is very bad in my book. I am sure he was told "he will hit pose" (which Superman is doing regularly), but someone should tell him that it must be a fist on the fingers, not a fist on the number. And he plays Superman as a very powerful and touching teacher - he can't touch his finger in the transfer, but he can also do. <br /> <br /> And Superman has a lot of walking around (I say a lot - he's not really in it all), and a bit of running. He takes and owns several times, but does not appear to be a bird at any time. Oh, some bullets cast him out, and he uses telescopic vision as Clark, but it has no visible effect. In fact, the effect of seeing is obvious in their absence, and few who are not very good. I have tried to think of this effort by looking at the standards of time: but even with the standards I think it's a very good effort. Surprisingly, the production rates in the television series were high, and at least they took trouble to come up with stories that had nothing more to them. It's something to despair - I won't look at them again.
