Johnp Gary Kent, under the illusion of Michael Brody who lives in a cave, describes voters who make a terrible mistake of returning back into his desert. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend Charlie (John Batis) find the argument to play with their wives, Sharon (Tomi Barrett, Gary Kent's real life wife) & Teddi (Ann Wilkinson) on living in a forest camp for themselves . To prove this, young people decide to go to the wilderness outside Los Angeles for a camping trip to disturb their allies to the sooner that they will follow later. John's death, Teddi was recently murdered as Sharon runs his life when men arrive at the end of the desert due to the burning of a truck. Fear, fatigue, and reconciliation, Sharon receives extraordinary help. John's children of spirit! That is true, the children of John remain in the wilderness, the spiritual killing that surrounds those who live in the forest, loving Sharon special, helping her to take safety with her friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie soon find shelter from the ground and drown the night in a cave where John lives. Cooking on a burning fire, beef meat is actually from Charlie's wife, Teddi! By not knowing Charlie eats from the meat given by John who finds people out into his home! However, recently, concerns about their wives, Steve and Charlie were found to find them as a morning break. Meanwhile, John comes hunting, and Charlie, Steve, and Sharon in fighting for survival. When Steve breaks the rocks between the two big rocks over the river that turns out, he will have a disability just as long as the dream situation already exists, and Sharon follows his young gray friends safely ... even one time, they ask the father not to kill him. Charlie, unfortunately, have no such friends. <br /> <br /> Director Donald Jones (who also wrote and went to break the film film) smartly shoots the film in the respiratory space, beautiful in Sequoia National Park, in California, where the village trees are growing in great height, and I looked at the backwoods shillings for this purpose. For some strange reason, I did not have a particular trend of Jones in the climate of the climate. The fear was gone, although there are several attacks of harassment with John using his knife (he shot with cunning, Jones's camera shows more of what is on the screen, however, somehow still achieves what John does for the victims. Within a very beautiful environment, seeing innocent people organized by maniac, that kind of increased fear. The people of the city are trying to use a few good days elsewhere, smell of fresh air, fresh air, enjoy the best viewpoints, just call themselves a terrible shepherd and a terrible knife. Give a story back to why John is a monster he is, Jones allows us to witness his flashback memories in discovering his wife's wife and responding accordingly. (Also a spirit in the wilderness looking for his children, wishing to punish them for "being naughty") killed him all and partner in bed (.. refrigerator repairman). Children, sadness and sadness have committed suicide and now "hate" in the wilderness, still dealing with them or those they choose. I realize novels such as spirit children in slasher backwoods are unique and loved by some, but I found a rather hokey idea and also silly to take a bigger. They help our heroine escape several situations that could be dangerous, but it was very difficult for me to keep frustration without control. The secret music of 80 hides and exhibitions is not a good idea. I mean I could deal with the situation they had, it was really scary to see them in an unfamiliar and hostile environment protected by someone who knows the area well. I think the film is the same in many ways to intervene in the material, except that the FUN has the children of the spirit mentioned earlier (their voices say when talking to Sharon, their father, or each other). Gary Kent looks like a foul-looking George Lucas, and the clothes worn, and humanity was lost. As I said above, violence is not as much as it was proposed because the director Jones can overcome the strong intrusion of knife, but the way he puts the pieces he leaves leaves them instead of frustration. The great neighborhood, his command to John stop and, immediately beaten several times, attempted to crawl away from his fiance just to complete off, hanging John's dead skin. I have seen better and worse than this type of slasher film, it is rather mediocre, for better, and some of the effective shooting scenery. I don't think it's really memorable, except spiritual children.
