The movie comes with a pair of campers, a man and woman maybe together, going alone in a vast desert. Certainly a person hears something and hurts him going to investigate. Our killer is grateful for stomach disease. He then dismisses the girl and eliminates her throat. The camera at the opening is from view as a killer. We are dealing with our four main characters, two couples, one on the rocks. The men laugh at how the woman could not handle the camp alone for two days, persuading the blonde's intention to leave the week earlier. In anticipation, men leave the same day and their car decreases. They end up late in the evening. When men arrive, they warn about people disappearing in the forest and doppleganger madness of Ralph. They ignore the warning and get into the night of black with the thirty song you have back with lyrics about being killed in the dark forests. Men lose. At the next place we realize that this is not just a brilliant Burning, but a spirit story! Women, fear and loneliness encounter with fire. Two children appear in the shadows and decide to play Tom. Well they are ghosts through their voice! Their mother appears to have blood coming out of the hole on her forehead and asked two women if they had seen her children, before they disappeared. Children go home to the father and tell him about two beautiful women and a river. This causes a stir and rises up, taking his knife from the fireplace. "Daddy go hunting," the little girl, says and acting badly. It is clear here, that the father is not a spirit as his children. Removal of something in the forest, the blonde of the color divides, runs blindly at night, taking a knife. He meets a father who explains that he is hungry and will be quick. This is meaningless because the asses of the panther we heard earlier (maybe she is allergic! Is the operation honest even in California)? The rains are rising and men are looking for accommodations, which turn into a pope. Certainly one lives here because there is a fire and something good that burns on it. Children appear and warn the pope, who shows the future. They are lost once they arrive. <br /> <br /> For any reason, our killer only goes after women. He invites men to have something to eat and tell us a story about his ex-wife. We are given a flashback of his wife to get caught cheat. An older man does not even tell him that he kills him and his partner later, but in the daytime about it. We are not given the reason for the death of children. Men sleep and are not left. The next morning men are getting the outside area of ​​their kings. After a brief discussion they were divided. One is staying in the camp, sometimes it goes and gets help. The one who returns to his car breaks his leg. We are reunited with children as they describe a woman who lived as ghosts who committed suicide for their mother. They agree to help a woman reunite with her friends / knight / kicking / kicking. He also loved or married a blonde. Some children know that she has been killed and told a woman about it. He decides to see himself and certainly runs inside the killer. Fortunately the children make him stand by threatening to leave him forever. You know where this goes. <br /> <br /> Total movie deserves four out of ten stars, and that's generous. For all of his sadness, the music marks have been done well. Still looks again. There are some professional cameras that look professional, and some sets are well done. The plan is not possible. There is something like suspension of unbelief, but with string 6 miles away; I can't imagine a blonde sign would be removed like that at midnight. I mean, come! >
