I mean everything that is hidden, ignored, low-budget videos that await replenishment on the released DVD, why are you taking MALI? I like a low-down budget directly on a home video or other fear of an alternative release. I love the fear of 80 hacker. I love the backwoods and stupid fools who walk to the night to be expelled, killed and eaten by psychopaths. I am with the idea of ​​non-professionals working on a horrible movie as a way to perhaps enter the industry or just make a movie because they want to do one. I am for the use of public places, non-characters, no talent behind the camera and on the label. NO PROBLEM! The most helpful image from PURI is to open a couple of walks away from the forest in the forest: We see them as small, vulnerable organisms into the world of distress where human beings cannot be on a food chain or many fearful predators. Then the film takes dive & never is available - we are constantly confronted with a couple of backsliding as they realize they are being beaten. They break up, both of them beaten, and then we meet the film characters as they drive their cars on the traffic jam. They meet with their partner and decide to take a trip to the camp. The snoring sounds fill the room as people who came to watch the fiddle movie with their mobile phone message message people are not there to tell how much the movie takes. <br /> <br /> This film is very slow, this movie is too sad, and this movie speaks very much. That would not be a bad thing if the authors had given people something to say except the ignorant, the things that were unnecessary. You know your movie fear is in trouble when a character with the most interesting lines is a droopy neighborhood parker who warns everyone away from the Cannibal Wood. And talking about these "timber" looks like far away from civilization as much more than back behind the soccer field, just with big rocks and a swirling stream. There are interesting shots of the great forest, but no real sense of being out in the middle of it. If any of the characters are sitting just on the election and waiting for a long time someone can be beaten. What's worse about the film is that it fails to produce any human interest: I do not know what these couples do not care about what's happening to them. The player's player is not happy even when he pretends to see the meat cooked quickly in the foot of one of his victims to serve his boy, who just happens to find fun in his cave. The evil of which is the image of "giving birth". With a deliberate and deliberate music genre, the movie looks like a man who drives a camera on a dog and follows a movement of people, a lack of known years, a fraud, an unhappy and unpleasant mood and what we are here is a terrible movie that is not like the fear of the PBS TV show about how the magnet works. I don't mean to “close” the people behind this film, since they entered the project almost nothing, they did not boast themselves to be creative and end up with another movie of boring on certain weeds hunting women through forests and knife. There is nothing wrong with that idea, what is wrong is the way of thinking and walking through the feet that was done, to the bottom of any conclusion that the film is leaving the 80-minute mark. The best thing you can say about the news is that is about fast and there is not a lot of search commands to repeat - so my mixture why anyone would feel the need for a DVD release. It was as good as Prenm Video renting odd years, as the DVD will be $ 5.99 rack fares within a month of hitting a shelf. There is a little piracy or no film, unless you think of making your smell down the budget backwoods set in the public park where no one can pay money for concealing the image there. Here is a guide to the steps to avoid doing. With all that has been said and done, the film had one of the most interesting sequences, or say a single sequel that was sad and did not think it would be difficult in another filmed and dry film: The noble comes home to find his wife in bed with the local contractor. He sends his loved one, the weapon himself with a kitchen knife that seems to have been made just to be used in a terrible film and takes off after entering. The horns of the guy and the attack of his city, who sprouts and run away, just have a psychological facing his footsteps and a large, bad weapon. Psychological attack again, and the husband leaves. Psychology includes AGAIN, and once again the guy leaves. Then AGAIN! Finally the fifth-day psychological experiment is traveling to dude so that the fall of some sort of fierce opposition. How did he carry jewelry and more serious weapons like? What? Is this common psychological element? Since the film is not suitable to clear the way the event is just hard, it has created building tension. It is still unclear. The whole film is like that, without any need to be made and carried out in such an improper way, which is not appropriate but one cannot know what the situation was. <br /> <br /> 3/10, and full proof that because you can release the film on a DVD that doesn't necessarily mean you must be.
