The title of this article should not exceed (almost right) forgotten slasher 80 inevitably reminding you of the Mega-Smash-monster song hit with the same head, so a piece of lyrics in the head of this user's comments section. Also, I had nothing to say which was beneficial, however. But hey, "Forest" is not quite hopeful and even that * bad, in fact. If there is nothing, at least obey, certainly not written, the first rule of the 80th slasher: to kill someone within the first 10 minutes of play. You have certainly felt on the basis of this film several times before, but don't let it stop you from looking at it, like "Forest" you have other things that offer more than interesting interesting pictures. In fact it's a bit of 80 player atypical! The main characters are not ordinary people with no thought and script has a strong hope for destruction. The concept is not always successful, safe alone, but it is more interesting enough to keep your attention and there are even several times the amazing strength of tension and twists plot to enjoy. Two couples decide to go to a camp in California's special forests, but because of their stupid bet they are lost differently from their husbands. They are made in the night, they get erroneous visits from the mother looking for her two children, their own children and finally the father who is outside the hunt for human flesh. The family that stood up could be true or thoughtful, but women are obviously in danger and when their men arrive, they have already disappeared. Men also meet the family, and find more about the history of little dysfunction. "Forest" is a wonderful and unusual film, to say the least. It is not a priority of planning, but a very strange environment will appeal to fans with open-minded fears. . In addition to meditating on the story and his sudden loss, the bottom is useless, so my advice will only enjoy the extraordinary experience of watching as long as you stay and not long. Acting performances are just above average, music is the same as at least Donald Jones's director (also about 70's "Schoolgirls in Chains") tried to be a little more creative that most of the 80 awesome movies. Neither bad eventually fails.
