I watched this film last night and anticipated, but really was not interested. <br /> <br /> Except 'Combo', I thought the acting was bad and the story had decreased. It came as a game 'conducted for television'. I heard that the film was so full. The whole implementation of the hammer at the beginning (yes, we find that this is the UK's 80s - you can stand now) was a teteome, and provided a unique perspective of life that was like the UK's 80s - poverty, royal war, Margaret Thatcher, still nothing ? There were middle classes that were present at that time - ordinary people working, and a good salary and credit. The Falklands also seemed to be added to the end, with 'great effect', I think. The sequence of events saw the tad appeared, since the characters moved to one point to the next without us seeing how their ideas would have changed very quickly. The relationship between 'Shaun' and 'Smell' was a string. I could not even look during the flight area. I find it very difficult to believe that he would be attracted to a young man who was not only young, but also very young. I know there were only four years of them, but four years is nothing when you reach your twenties, but it's a big difference in your young people! In my experience, that kind of young age difference occurs only when a girl is younger, since girls are growing very mature, and are more than a wavelength of boys of a few years. Sorry, but I didn't buy you - a mandatory step of the plot designed for the shock value. The end was suddenly and, again, appeared. If the flag gave an event that was supposed to be iconic, then it fell a little in my eyes. It informs you that British films are involved in high classes or poverty. Do not make a mistake, I would Trainspotting, and the Four Wedding has its charm, but can't we Brits come with anything different? Why are our films always locked in the class system? I was born in 1973, so I was very different from 'Shaun' age in 1983. I was born into a single-parent family in the city council of the city of England. However, my childhood experience was very different from those shown in the film - I don't even remember racism as a matter (though we say it does not exist). 'This is the UK'? Not in my experience. The bottom line is that I felt this film did not get the substance, and I was very tired and very careless.
