It's always hard to be your brother doing better in their life than you, always fighting from under this shadow and don't let the pain not put you and your family. So, imagine that your older brother is Santa and then think about how hard it must be. That's the right here. Vince Vaughn, who is Fred, an amazing man who uses a lot of energy to make sure that people don't go to expect good things to happen or to give to his brother, Santa (played by Paul Giamatti), a great reputation for just being - praying, persevering, the little boy Fred would like to show him. Then, without knowing, Fred needs a financial permit and so he has to strengthen it by helping his brother run until Christmas. And the subjects of hilarity and life are required. That is what should happen. The fact is that we get a very short Christmas movie of the music video of Vaughn's registered video and copyright, during a ridiculously out-of-date video, Kevin Spacey plays an inspection inspector to free Santa's work (and he is one The most weakest baddies I have seen at some point), not enough of Elizabeth Banks beautiful Christmas dress, very much of John Michael Higgins in his elf dress (to be fair, he is showing though) and the movie which is very swimming in pain feel as a good season season but also schmaltzy in the last half feel like a happy poke in all the bad things about the business time. Rachel Weisz is included for the trip too, if it's Kathy Bates, but it's nothing more than a movie of Vaughn and if you would like her style you will find something to enjoy here. Unfortunately, there is a very little thing to recommend this season's stinker. Out of Vaughn's rantings script barely cast any respect except one very good location involving a hilarious support group dealing with a specific problem. David Dobkin is like mediocre and staid like 20p The Christmas Card that you send the visitor has not seen 10 years and he seems to think that just putting the ingredients together without a good mix or a prestigious prestige that will prove the Christmas pudding. No, we get a burnt string, a bland and a high sugar. Forget this and keep Elf hilarious again if you want a beautiful Christmas, modern comedy. Check this if you like: Santa Clause 2, Santa Baby, Santa Clause 3: Clause Escape.
