"Fred Claus" somehow avoids this year "Santa Clause" for at least having a little more interesting time than Tim Allen starrer, but it does not mean that it has enough to go to it the value of a theater trip. <br /> <br /> As the holiday movies go, they are available and interesting. But in fact, that may be a little worried like "Fred Claus," boasting that David Dobkin ("Shanghai Knights," "Crashers of the Wedding") to reserve, has almost completely nary realistic moments as it clumsily crush the line between Vince Vaughn's boorish car with a fuzzy Christmas film. Finally, it's okay and not a lot of both. And for the cast that comprises Paul Giamatti, Kevin Spacey, Rachel Weisz, and Kathy Bates, everything that is caused by the same thing. Vaughn plays Fred, Nick's (Giamatti) a big brother and a stranger, who once at a time, left him with their parents (Bates and Trevor Peacock) after having enough to tolerate his parents' preference her younger brother. Nick grows up to Santa Claus (and if the top voice tells us, when it opens you and your family when you become a saint), while Fred is a Yuletide-jaded repo man in Chicago who has a hard time remembering his beloved Wanda's birthday (Weisz). He is in trouble with the law and he should call his younger brother (who looks at least ten years more than he) to accuse him out of jail. Nick agrees but only if Fred agrees to help in a toy close to the North Pole. Fred agrees but his controversy is fighting with Santa and elves' natural festivals, even if an effective (Spacey) expert is looking at the factory's activities, it is just a pleasure to have all Arctic activities closed if things fail. <Br /> <br /> The movie, as it said, has time, but the length of the race is too narrow for its time. In the middle are the christmas clichés of Christmas films that were taken more well, say, "Elf" and sensory trials are as pleasant as last year's fruit. Vaugn, as usual, brings its charm to the table, but the neutered script of Dan Fogelman prevented him from actually doing his thing. Giamatti, under the bad oil suit, brings the old charm to his personal character, but unfortunately, he needs to play the second fiddle to Fred. Spacey brings his face to the game, but his leg may be finished as enough moisture. Finally, "Fred Claus" becomes a fictional film that falls under what they are doing and deserves. Of course, there are more bad ways to start the season on movies, but there is a better way.
