The bad movie of Christmas that has a very bad performance with Vince Vaughn, who has to pay for her own young teenager but this time for children's movie but out of the wit or charm in its films. Vaughn looks like he is on an independent though most of the films and keeps running into the walls and its performance. After 30 minutes on the film, you would like to contact your local tragedy and say "Bahumbag" as it is not suitable for this film after 30 minutes, you will need to walk on how the film is not possible at that time. Of all the participants involved in this aggression, Paul Giamatti and Rachel Weisz only bring life there to the power of a thin paper and that's manly because they are all the best way to actors in this film. Paul Giamatti brings deepness and temperatures to the character of Saint Nick himself but is forced to Vaughn's level of youth behavior when they make their brother depressed. You can see in the chapter of Giamatti that it is unacceptable and its role and shows pain in certain parts of the film. Rachel Weisz brings a sense of fun and spirit to her role but in fact they do not have many habits to work with her and you can see in her face that she knows well, so much seems to be angry at certain parts of the film. Fortunately for her, she is not in the film completely and can save a certain face, unlike Giamatti, who looks like she wants to give her agent at the end of the movie. Trends also hear the uninspiring, if there is no feeling or flow that this is allegedly being a movie of the holiday but you end up feeling like you're just looking for a fancy widow's concept which is bursting. <Br /> <br /> I don't know what caused it here but with only two actors involved (Giamatti and Weisz) they are trying to bring something to the table and the unwanted script had to work with, spot spot without feeling for a close subject (and this is a Christmas movie everything) and an actor who just cares about his performance (Vaughn), you have a very improper film that is very painful to see.
