Recap: The most secret thing that sends radio signals is available in Antarctica. A secret blogs are brought to the research center on Antarctica. Julian Rome, a former SETI employee, has been called to explain the message. The problem is that one of the researchers is the old girl's mother, and the situation quickly returns, especially because other female researchers appear to them. And the block of ice and something inside is to evolve unnaturally quickly. Soon something is clear. However, the secret continues to be a major source of electricity. It is taken to open something, but before this release, Julian decides a sign. "Unlock". But it's too late, and something that explodes as it was finally broken, and two things are given out of the world. The first is a stranger, who has been an objector, and another is a virus that kills research workers regularly. And Washington, which is caused by doubts about this historical event, decides that these things cannot be opened in the world. Therefore, the Russian nuclear submarine, carrying nuclear weapons is taken to Antarctica. <br /> <br /> Comments: The movie has a few surprises. One is Carl Lewis who is surprisingly puts in good performance, and another is that special effects are good, they work better and better than expected. Unfortunately the story holds a lot of surprise itself, and this time not in a good way. In fact it is full of conspiracy holes which sometimes the movies seem to have close scenes and randomly connected. It did not explain why Washington knew so much, why Washington has the ability to command the Russian destination, why something is in Antarctic and has to wake up now. It is very strange that the guest powder is to send English to understand. Others may want to explain this because the visitor was of the world before and knew the language (and clearly chose English, why?). But then it's so much confusion why good visitors who seem to save the Earth from the virus, send their message "Don't open" the encoded message! And finally the end is clear as the end may be. <br /> <br /> The movie is a little entertainment but very energy (from me) must be reduced to fill voids in the plot. Therefore, the general sense of the film is not very good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
