And maybe, like Fred Sandford wanted to say, "one with lips". That's for those who gave this film to a non-public view. And maybe for someone "Rue Morgue" who called this "Fender Hellbender" and said it was good. Five little girls, it seems to take a short house from a high school football game, lost and stop asking for directions in a small shop in the middle of anywhere. While there is an accident driver takes up a stabilized SUV and takes the head, but all the girls decide to just leave and not to go for a driver. But the driver is coming to them, and not only that the microphone on his car is hit, it is for another reason that girls still do not know. When the driver takes them first (yes, he is) he fights the gun and makes them open down, and keeps shouting, "how much did you see?". In fact the girls are afraid to die and do not know she says about it. If night goes for girls living in a cat game with a mouse and a SUV driver, who can manage to cause all the wounds to girls, who deserve to shoot with guns where they did not want. Finally they come to find something that happened back in the shop after the departure is the reason for this psychological woman's anger. And finally they have a chance to take revenge and take over as far as they can go. There are some aspects of this film that rather than disturbing and scary, but unfortunately, at the time it is weakened by the bad act, bad conversation, and serious damage to trust. One girl has been hit by a gun and appears to have been injured, and feels cold, her life is going ahead of her eyes, but has got better? And how far is a mini car that can run on a tank near an empty gas station at 80 miles per hour? I need one of those things, it seems to find a great mileage. It is likely to be the end when the girls retaliated, but the film goes to a little after that, which is anti-peak, but at least learn some of what took away the woman, and the driver still worries about " disrupting the mother's car ", which is quite obvious of the person's worries. So this is not the worst movie I have seen, but it is also amateur to be beautiful and still a little scary and gruesome to be quite awesome. But it takes a few cakes to your favorite and you will need to put two in your ears if you look at this. Which, by the way, I don't necessarily recommend. 4 out of 10.
