Less than 10 minutes on this film I wanted to end it if it was painful. All this film "fear" was almost a bunch of whiny whitening to do stupid things for 90 minutes, speaking, crying and screaming. Do not let good ideas deceive you if this is really a terrible movie and certainly should not look at it. The film program was likely to be a good thing, but it is not done. A group of five "young" girls drive home one night while they find themselves being led by a lovely female driver who wants to kill them. Two minutes into the film, and the characters are already struggling with this does not stop. All we have for 90 minutes is a group of girls shouting, crying, screaming, "doing" and speaking. No even interesting conversations too, so you can not know these characters or enjoy them. It was awesome and I was shocked to know that these characters were meant to be young. None of these women looked under the age of 20, and one of them looked like she was about 30 years old. At least they find people who are looking at age. No one gave them even a show of beauty, and seemed like they were removed from the streets or were friends of the director without the ability to act. "Gymnastics" who played the killer, but at least showed something that other girls did not use - a little talent. <br /> <br /> Anime have no support because these girls are a group of whiny, stupid bitches. That's all I can say to them about them, and it didn't help to be ALL saved. If I have to get in detail, in one place girls are driven by a killer and have their car hit so hard. One girl injures herself and screams on it ... four do not wear seat belts ... what do you expect? One of your friends is brutally injured by the killer ... and you all just happen easily "also hurts" help? Anything. <br /> <br /> The film size is quite awesome. I don't care if this movie had a budget size of nuts, a horrible picture and it was like watching the pirated version of the movie. The camera was open in the car and the girls, stood on the window somewhere and the amount of time the camera came out, trembled and burned on the "actress" was awesome. It was also powerful, and sometimes you can't hear the characters they were saying (not just anything that they should hear). It is known as the killer car in the film (which appears to have been hit, even though we just felt an accident) are actually car drivers in real life. No wonder they didn't show the car to get hit! This film is cheaper, can not even show the car a little less. Oh, you gotta mention the voice sounds too ... if so. It was sad ... the second sad, then the hard rock coming up. At the end of the day, Five Only Eyes feel like a horrible home movie held in the middle of the night night with a group of stupid girls shouting and speaking for 90 minutes. even any year to make it does not exist, acting is awesome and the quality of the image and concealing the picture is bad. <br /> This was a small movie of the awesome budget. Avoid at all costs. </ 1/1 / / 1/10
