- Has a miner supplier - <br /> <br /> I've seen several Indie films such as Hamiltons, The Boys Love Mandy Lane and Cabin Park; unfortunately I felt Five In Eyes do not fit into this category. From start to finish the film is facing an amateur acting of resonating from a very bad script, the only God knows why the author (s) thought the conversation as "No go out, do not go out he will get you: if he finds you will kill you and kill you dead" is of high quality film. This video shows the development of a little character and being honest I could not take care of the pain and suffering that they experienced if they were a group of university girls who show almost no features of redemption. All who do are right and upgrade to the whole film and if the girls do not listen to complaints; when they are talking about this topic is quite random: about boys boys or how one of the girls was recently cooked (correct lessons when you are being hit by a psychologist). The voice sounds also show the best music of corny techno during the first and last credit (although hearing the music of the loan to know the limit was approaching it as heaven). The camera function is frustrated and sometimes makes the film impossible. I think due to a small budget or no director was limited to just one digital camera that stays the girls' car next to the entire movie. I think this was an attempt to connect with the audience as close to the possible steps: feel the experience that girls are experiencing. But because of the shaky camera, the sand pictures and be very close to the action can be difficult to explain what is happening during action events and is simply chaotic. It's one thing to make a film view but it is another to have a point on the screens that the audience can't recognize because of poor displays. I understand that Five All Eyes are limited to the indie budget budget but that does not cause a very poor reason. There is no reason for redemption on this film: a bad acting, poor scripting, work of scam camera and no story. Considering all this I have decided to give 1 film out of 10 as it was left to me very much; wanting meteor to hit the world brings me a good apology. 94 minutes for college college girls are crying, talking, running and having a bad random conversation. However, how often do you feel that girls are defending themselves in their hands and throwing a frog on the wind chasing wind?
