I'm dumbfounded. That's right. I'm taken here. There was no way I found it very bad, but on the other hand it was a very traumatic thing in the macabre hysterical and bad incoherency. The concept of the jaw, low budget budget budget is not bad, but it is a confused problem and eventually did nothing for me. It's amateur and easy; it wants to use more to think and do it in the late fashion style of late. We have a handwritten (hand) camera that is held everywhere (even though you never leave the van), and sometimes you feel uncomfortable and enthusiastic to make certain details difficult to think. Soon you have a kind of access to it, but there are times that are so much caused by even despair. Put it still will help. The summary has a low base (which has five young girls leaving home from a football game at the end of the night and lost on the back roads. In the street shop they are involved in a small accident that breaks the head of the caused SUV. not too long that one SUV of light appears behind them. Quickly making their night become an unforgettable thing in fear) spend a lot of time playing a cat game with an impressive, noisy mouse. <br /> <br /> Like to disturb? I think it depends on. Sometimes they can make you look with pain, despair and brutality (for good use of sound FX sounds that seem to be more interested in photography and forget to destroy natural sounds), but I also found myself. In passages can be strong and intense with a real rush, but difficult to be trusted. The casualties of the unlikely characters appear to be bad if you had faith, despite the clear they should be. Look at how blood flows freely, but it is not quite persuasive and can get lighter. Escape to the car's regular car can only do it before repeating again. We get to scream, decrease, bleeding, run, insulting, body fluids and so on. Very good details were followed. For quite a bit to do, it required a more powerful script than compelling a single written one. A lot of things went out of it, and it didn't have much in-depth way for the characters and the situation they had. It was on the pieces of the set, waiting to meet the next torturous and dragging a long time. Providing out is a predictable example. <br /> <br /> displays; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lilley, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi are working-like and their problematic characters and draw real chemistry to make the weaknesses of the script based on character. Veronica Garcia lost out, the scale of a small-scale as a loony driver of SUV was something? that's the thing. The catalyst of his fearsome behavior and the uncertainties of his mind are almost nonexistent. I think that the psychotic was good enough. Now maybe the most insignificant thing I found in that feature was the voice of an unseen voice. Songs of awesome technology, and hard-rocked cheesy and final closing scores. It has never felt degraded or found on the way, but it made a stick out like a big finger. Co-directors Greg Greg Swinson and Ryan Thiessen are trying to get more of their small resources, but even with the spirit of the world becomes nothing at all. Maybe it was fun to do, but the look was not.
