As fans of fear we all know that the blind taxes are shooting the crap. Sometimes we get a real gem, but often we see that the films we put up hard earned not more than the putrid steamer has worsened the worst and unfortunate review of the unwanted films and film awards suggested in the box. That's the case with Five Eyes (the name I am sure is twice the entender about both the films of the film and forced anyone looking at it could be using all the fingers to make their eyes out). The stories, or, at least what * ahem * authors think it passes by one, puts a young girl center who carefully decides to go to the backwoods joy at the end of the night after leaving a soccer game and running a woman a female who plays a cat with a mouse with them as a punishment for what she thinks girls found in her car after fender-bender at a gas parking station. <br /> <br /> Right, it's an interesting idea. Some of the best threats have very simple story lines. It is in the implementation of All Five Eyes that this idea falls flat. The film tries to be a cross between Blair's sorceress and his work of shaky cameras and the killings of the Chainsaw of Texas in his open bones but it fails to be no. What we find instead is the great scenes of expulsion, torture, release; run the torture, release, to the same procedure for 94 minutes and a long intervention of humidity, exciting, and walking enough if you do much in the middle of the expulsion guide. The look of the film is very good and dark, which, in the best made film can have the power of tension and originality. Here it is just angry. The characters have not been developed and the viewer is very difficult to find anything to sympathize with them. One character stops from getting the first aid kit and has face-to-face seats when the rear weapons show his friends can be killed. Another girl separates dumb lines like "Don't go out, she will find you, if she finds you dead and if you die you are dead." It was a source of Fangoria newspaper and Dreadcentral.com listed on the box which forced it to watch this. Talk about artificial orgasm! Perhaps my expectations would have been encountered if this has been in the comedy section. I am afraid of the budget budget below but this takes a stuck cake. Give Five In Eyes (or FATE; get?) Pass. <br /> <br /> RazorFriendly offers FATE 1 slash out of five /
