Watching the Truth About Love (this is a double entender on a star?) It is like entering a white noise or water water sound to help you sleep - you put in a slot DVD because nothing else left in the store shelves and you are in need of disruption after a hectare day. And it works for that: the British romantic comedy is a little more. The story is much easier about the wife Alice (Jennifer Love Hewitt) married with a man who passes Sam (Jimi Mistry) who has put their life of love to hold on to the burden of his law enforcement. His partner Archie (Dougray Scott) enjoys Sam and Alice, but he is attracted to Alice for a long time. Alice pals and her sister Felicity (Kate Miles), a free advocate of love, who encourages Alice to have things. Valentine's Day, after drinking binge with her sister, Alice writes a letter to Sam signing 'Anonymous' as a test to see if Sam is responding, trying to prove his loyalty. At the same time Archie emails a pack of green seed to Alice that has written the wrong love. Both of them have past postal errors. Sam really spends time with Katya boyfriend (Branka Katic) and is actually cheating Alice. Alice works with Sam via email and phone and plans to meet Sam in disguise as 'Anonymous' to try his loyalty. The entire scope of the characters is found in the secret vein and ultimately proves that true love should take into account the fact - and how it does in different pairs is a surprise (of type) of fluffy script. The UK's comedies are working because of the quality of writing and good quality of the act. Perhaps he had a director John Hay was chosen to imitate the British actor as Alice instead of emphasizing the emphasis on Jennifer Love Hewitt results can be improved. But at the end this story with Peter Bloore emerges between meekness and humility in his message. From a straightforward is the color of the music which is consistently loudly that covers all the conversations and is intrusive. There are some positive events in London and a short time of visible humor, but eventually this small film is used better as a background music / white noise. Grady Harp
