I saw this film going back when it congratulated. It was based on the assumption that autistic children could talk to a message organized by someone else just to help them and guide their hands. <br /> <br> Then suddenly these kids, many of whom were not even looking at the keyboard or screens when the message was hit out (they could look on the ceiling in other events), but their supervisors had eyes on the keyboard, began to write abuse messages from their parents and other people, sending parents and welfare organizations in the amazzy, left and right. The object appeared to be false when the third party presented the File, opened the child and said 'make the image you see', and then if the advertiser turned the file to the administrator, the hole fell down, revealing another picture. So when a child can see a dog, the supervisor sees something like a boat. Every time, all the time of the bloomin, the name of the printed image is what the supervisor had examined, never what the child was shown. So who made the writing? Never baby. This more movie began to come back and, as the Australian poster said, the person who hated the child in the movie was in a position to try to help the child. If Melissa Gilbert never put her baby in the place, she didn't want to be discharged, so the movie says. He was much better under his supervision. If I turn to my child in your organization for help and gets disabled instead, do you think I will be willing to hear anything you need to say after that? Not possible! I think it's a safe bet that all messages of charges that these children were writing, that this film was based, did not charge anyone in its operation as it happened here. Unfortunately, I remember that the movie provided a very good performance from Gilbert as an autistic mother, but moreover, the film is not very suitable. The worst is far from writing a child at the end of Patty Duke, and we hear the mechanical sound to read again what he printed ,. . . . . "we won!" This child was upset. If you forbid my foot and I will take you to court and you are found guilty of destroying me, attacking, whatever, then that's a legal right, but it does not fit my foot back. The best, in my case, will see it as a triumph of holes. Anything this child had had the so-called normal and autism alone is further damaged by abuse. The child 'normal' has the ability to compete with experience from the situation. It's amazing to think that you must look at any situation and go 'win' if that person is found guilty in court. <br /> <br /> Only the bad handling of the situation and all the conditions around here.
