"The Powerful Young People with Bad Hair!" "Girls Girls Neither Of course!" "Buginga Gangsters Who Can't Shoot Right!" From the dragon dynasty comes the game of Hong Kong group, "Heat Temperature." For reasons that may be completely hidden, production and calling for this movie 'criminals-on-steroids' somehow found both Maggie Q and Michael Biehn to enter as criminals. But they don't have all the things they did in this terrible slug-fest. They are both the best modern characters all around, each with their own resume 'and success list, and Biehn in particular has the courage to take responsibility instead of challenges and non-heroes. Maggie Q was a very "Mama" in "Live Free or Die Hard," so nuff said. Biehn is, of course, famous for being a soldier-from-the-future who made the "Terminator" of 1984 as a true science-fiction / fantasy romp, to fight against Big Arnold, who is now a California Supervisor! Michael Biehn has been completely lost in this terrible tragedy of the police train. There is no reason to be, such as a very well-designed plot in Chinese, as the story of Hong Kong - would be well defined by non-Chinese audience and foreign writer. In other words, if biehn had been like something like an Interpol observer or a coordinator, or agent under a deep lid, who needs to get “beaten for every five or ten minutes, which would have been good. , it brings as part of an odd group of special forces that appear to be independent of their own initiative, and in the midst of anyone who destroys the king of the bribes. Yes, there, I said it all. I also. "Welcome to the party, pal." <br /> <br /> In a real Hong Kong crime game, known by its English title as "Breaking News," there is also a number of interesting characters, but there is only one line of story in the compound. <br /> <br /> Bad guys vs good cops. The fire is a little more than a parade of duck between The gallery of shooting, the way the criminals give them down. <So, it is not surprising, there is another unknown place (a few cases, in fact), where children are trying to hit wooden ducks in a sporting game, winning animal prizes. And so the flames of good police officers intervene on their behalf, so that the owner of the arcade will leave Kewpie papers. There is also a half effort to create a "love" interest "among one of" visiting cops "and the only woman 'visiting cop'. <br /> <br /> Visiting men should be physical witnesses against the group leader Triad, who gets on his way to appear in court, but not with his team but with the army (Biehn, Maggie Q, and others). All these killers want something but we can't get to learn about what, to the end of the film! stupid in the general story. <br /> <br /> You can't build a celebration in a game of crime without something to get, or get, or stop, brought too early in the story. since some "scenes-cut scenes" have been done with the effects of the most, all of the non-'bad' and the most recent young offenders, and any movie buff can understand why this dog laughs to get 1 level from a fan of all the movies and criminals and the manamaman aji and Hong Kong.
