At the end of the "Desert Desert," all I could think of why I had trouble staying all the way. The image of the film is interesting and that - like Maggie Q - what was interesting to me for the film in the first place. But I was desperate. The author's director Daniel Lee cannot hold a lighting for John Woo, Ringo Lam and Corey Yuen. This should be one of the most supported videos that I have seen. Lee is very wrapped in his visual style - and I use these words to a large extent - that fills the film with black-and-white unwanted stills, freezing frames, slow motion, speed and non-visible invisible. I think he did all this for the lack of good story or talk. Practical action is a unique thing and plays as a more popular music video than anything else. There is little to care about the characters - including snipers considered to be pensioners who could not hit the broad side of the barn from inside! - who is filled with a few conversations that I have seen in one of Hong Kong operators. The plan is not lost and it turns out - from the original setting, everything goes to a predictable style - and Lee feels the need to keep reminding us of the stories of the characters if we didn't get the first few times. This is the text of the mysterious writing and films and loses Sammo Hung's talent, Michael Biehn and Maggie Q. <br /> <br /> If you are true in the case of Hong Kong protagonist, you are better connected to some crops - John Woo's "The Killer" (1989) and "Hard-boiled" (1992), "The City of Fire" of Ringo Lam (1987) - which Quentin Tarantino stole for "Dogs Reservoir" (1992) - or "Point Blank" his (1967) fix "Full Contact" (1992). Or, even look "So Close" of Yuen (2002), the attraction of entertainment, but still heavy, interesting. And there is always a French police force, "Nest" (2002). True, many, if not all, are higher, but were films that continue to be exciting, exciting and even insisting. They have characters that we care about and follow up on the steps of mind. The "Desert Desert," on the other hand, is just very interesting. The problem is that Lee has not made a bad film of action, has made one of the light.
