Story goes something like this: Little girl, Katie (Jessica Simpson), decided to visit her boyfriend in the big city. When he comes he finds that it is not as honest as he should be. Katie then ends up in the adventure that is New York. Filling as a bicycle comediki bicycle and interesting mishaps appear. He falls into the bottom of the pit and so meets with the wise Ben (Luke Wilson). It is not love in the first place, at least for him, but eventually with Ben, it will never leave it easy. Be a "fair" little girl of the city And the blonde of the two evil actors in the building company decides that it is a perfect rival to their trick plan. The misunderstanding of negative consequences and sadness follows. However, this is one of the blonde who should not sleep! People who are judged by this film will soon be verified. Jokes are bold and appropriate, and the story is well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben feels that it is normal to put anything that God has built up in shame. Many talented Jessica Simpson was once again surprised by the only great responsibility she could smoke. Simpson is actually Marilyn Monroe of our day (there is even one place of respect!). It is fully tested between difficult and difficult conditions. Katie really shows us that you can't judge the book for her lid! Luke Wilson is as charming as ever. Even though he was wrapped in manure that man would be appealing like anyone. Touch her light, the eyes of the puppy dog ​​and the way back makes it difficult to resist. Andy Dick plays the role played to play, one of the two diabolical actors. Certainly cannot be counted. The power of performance is in its obstruction. It's amazing, because most executives could run and play and play for cheap. Not this person! In conclusion, director Scott Marshall has created an intellectual and regular comedy that has a slide that has become a classic with masterpieces of movies like Epic Movie and Norbit. Kudos for everyone involved in this, especially Jessica Simpson. His true smile and heart laughter would make even a tough man breaking into a big grin. You can be tough, but not tough! It was recommended for the warmth for everyone who wants to have the legs removed and see the romantic comedy that once, feels faithful. Thank you for this film! Oh, and the sound of the voice has fallen! <br /> <br /> Now if you haven't received it yet. I was shocked. 1/10
