It is common for films to suppress a certain amount of style and sound. There are differences, however, between the use of the barrier and the negative impact of the audience. In the "Medical Life Doctor's Life," with Campbell Scott's club and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph has close to the possible vest, and the result is a film that is not more available to run as the dentist is a model of life. <br /> <br /> Scott gives good performance in David Hurst's position, a dentist married to another dentist (Davis). Rudolph puts the power of their relationship fast - he is actively involved in the day-to-day work of being a parent, he has broken his silence and their family's worries - and then reduces tension when Scott can or cannot witness to his wife and someone else. From this point, the film takes into account whether David will face his wife Dana about her possible adultery, or if she will hit him with a punch and leave well. From time to time, David is visited to visit a "friend" who is considered by the patient who was played by Denis Leary (lending Tyler Durden to "Fight Club" and Brad Pitt). Even though there is insufficient uncertainty about Dana's loyalty and lack of David's securities for the investigation of the warranty, the last two parts of the film are embarrassing to the title or the details. Instead, Rudolph creates a drama from a severe fever that travels slowly through the Hurst family, reaching the hospital's insufficient hospital at the top of the film. The film never gets on what David can really do if he is not dedicated to his family; nor does it take a lot of time to look at the act of balancing Dana between his family life and his other needs, more than to satisfy. Choose to use many films worried about enough flu, Rudolph kills the speed of his film. While the fifth member of the family shows the sweat and the patient, the film has spent on all the good virtues of Scott's well-being. David and Dana take steps to follow up their steps until the end of the cathartic. If you have anything to build on the last hour, the conclusion seems odd and beaten. "The secret life of dentists" takes a natural theme and nothing to improve on it. In general, a desperate, thoughtless film.
