I saw Chan Lost when it first came out, about four years after moving from San Francisco to New York. Maybe it was a few years view, but this film seemed to capture the center of the city and its people better than anything else I saw (going on). It focuses on one category - the Chinese - but that is good, because the amount of the city's soul is neglected through settings, surfaces, and perhaps all of the voices of the characters. This is not San Francisco's tourists. The settings are humble and everyday: cab cabins, Chinese restaurant kitchens, Richmond District houses, small rooms of Chinatown and small business offices, piers, the Philippine center. That is the city you see and feels like a day for people living there - even now, during the launch of the cities of Silicon Gulch. Unlike, say, dirty Harry (through himself the best film of San Francisco as well), everything is hit on the road level: We are coming to understand the views of the characters from their perspective to give them, not from a fancy concept of bullet. It looks like to hide B & W because it didn't have money to do otherwise, yet one of the most powerful features of the cinema is the natural light that fulfills. The sun's quality is often, the most widespread, is one of the closest parties to San Francisco: It seems to reveal everything, bring buildings, mountains, other symbols to a great extent, and surprisingly, making people pass them on the street seem like an individual possibly close to you than they can elsewhere. Wang's full photography shows this, and even helps stories with points. Wang uses speech and style of Chinese conversation with some of San Francisco better than anyone who has ever had, I think. If there is something like San Francisco really “inspiring,” what is hearing from balding taxis medallion broker (I think) who seems to talk about the phone in one location (listen to the way he calls someone on the other side of “dingaling!”). The story is bad and, with very few exceptions, makes its points well on the desires that attract the hearts of people living in the former migrants - including political and ethnic hatreds, with a little amazing amusements, which helps to give them oil. All of this has been easily communicated - perhaps why some participants here think film films. It does not - it should say that the Cab drivers' efforts to Chan become a very personal effort. Chan It lacks the end of a series of Chinatown series supported by a goofy song of innovation from the 1930s (I think) about San Francisco and all its diversity of things. American caricature, yes, but somehow not far off the mark.
