Live! Yes, but don't run. Real-time Story: Sometimes ago, the Dutch TV station made the announcement that they were going to show a new show. Contest instead. The main participant in this show will be a woman who was dying to something terrible and could give her kidneys to one lucky person and kidney failure. In fact. The world and international media were on this story as flies on the turd, saying it was horrible, of fornication, what-this-to-come, and, like. Somehow, I had to agree. If the months passed, the tension that was built at the level that the government was incorporated in terms of whether they should allow this show to go ahead or not, instead of running the country. <br /> <br /> The show made the air and right up to the last hour they were pushing forward. And until the last time the earth was on hand, the Prime Minister speaking, every newspaper writing about it, everyone in the country with their breath. And the network continued. Welcome to new borders on television. And they certainly did just that. They hit the envelope. The show was shown and we all looked at the sick woman to finish selecting the right candidate to receive her kidneys to live, when she died soon. <br /> <br /> And then, at the end of the show was revealed that it was a hoax of the part. The woman was not sick, but all the candidates were. There was no kidney auction. All summary, that, with advertising and advertising and all discussions, created for months at an incredible peak, was the stunt of broadcasting to focus on the problem of massive shortage in organ donors. The person who created this network himself died of kidney disease. Now this is television. Stop everyone back back to amazingly. Do not give me an unpleasant job, a well-directed flick of a woman trying to get a Russian show on American TV. <br /> <br /> Like. Spoiler * If I believe they will get this through FCC. If I believe this will go through the US Supreme Court on the basis of independent expression. As I believe the end of ignorance that this woman has removed and has issues of conscience because some young man strikes herself on the air. It's all done before. See Man's Race with Arnold instead. At least it was the end of a good half. Farmer * This is a bad piece of film, as well as finishing with ignorance. So he is shooting at the end, that he should make the film feel more public after leaving the theater because there was some kind of justice? Do not take my word for it, but I would say this: leave this alone and look at the model test instead, you will get the best quality.
