This is the most interesting and interesting thriller that I have ever seen. Oh .... Where to start .... <br /> <br /> Plot (slightly less): Clayton Beresford Jr. (Hayden Christensen), a little billionaire, a bad heart needs very much transplant. Clay has been secretly cooperating with PA's mother, Samantha, played by Jessica Alba. The night these two are married, it only happens that heart donors and a rare blood type are found. Go and see the bad situation! Once on the operating table, Clay finds that anesthesia does not work, and can feel everything and hear everything. Unfortunately burns seem to be able to filter the pain of the sharp scalpel cutting of his chest by taking into account Samantha's event, which we are told to do through a furious voice - that doesn't seem to stop. If you did not burst in laughter yet, you will surely start when you see surgery events. How can a little billionaire agree to have a heartbeat made by one surgeon, one nurse, a attending doctor and anesthesiologist drunk? There were more people in the room when my wise tooth was finished. Never mention a medical character, which also happens to be taken seriously ... The operating room is not even carried out ... people are able to walk out and out of the room without even washing. During the operation the viewer gets to hear the ideas of Clay, which none of which is very interesting. Ah ... but here's what about ... doctors are trying to kill him to give his money. By believing that he does not know, criminals speak freely. Gosh! What will happen? Well ... at least no intervention from anyone else in the hospital, when an unsuspecting doctor who has four charges of prosecution against him is making heart surgery. Even the mother of Clay overprotective looks can look at her situation. The only one interested in keeping the update is Samantha ... but oh no ... he might have a sweet Sam in it .... You will quickly get through the Scooby Doo chat ... <br /> <br /> In the end, there will be no The most important thing whether or not to eat was not anesthesia, because the end would be the same in both cases. If you can ignore the feelings that the director / writer tries to surprise the patients who are affected by anesthesia awareness, perhaps there is a dumbness of having ... <br /> <br /> Enjoy ...
