I ask its importance to the Queer Cinema as it seems to be more about having homosexual sex through violent behavior than making any information about homosexuality and abuse. Three stories are incorrectly presented. I found myself trying to overcome the aggressive story in the first 15 minutes, that alone did not fit well with me. The small pieces of the plot were frequently mentioned as though we cannot find the first 10 times. There was a sense of discussion on the film. More as short of the Minutes of 45 minutes instead of full-time film. It had some interesting impression, male sex and sex but the total was not equal to its parts. Part 1: Boxer / Stalker's story was stabilized and it was as good as it was pulled thin. Bob has been following Tim for four years and just now calls him? I felt like their mouse-game was not made enough to conclude its conclusion. We needed more information about them and under Loti / Locker screenshots and Tim saying "What do you want?" Part 2: Danny wants his friend, Tony, to beat him when he is finished. Tony does not seem to have intelligence, but he will not be willing to explore the meaning of his hobby homo homologue - even after doing it in nude. This theme is not suitable for the most important transition from "I am a direct boy who loves my boyfriend to go around with fun" and "I think I might be gay and beat him because I would like to spread his ass and make him / S style. stop. <br /> <br /> These stories clear each other could submit their points for half a time. Section 3 and the man and woman are beaten each other and adds to the idea. In addition, it was not needed and did not add anything to the film. Yes, the actors did a good job under the circumstances and four male leaders were very sexy. Preparation (banned and reduced) however it was the same as the school's grammar talent show. There was not enough meat for this story to have any effect on homosexual politics. The film has not yet reported, lost time, and is not relevant or appropriate to consider investments. His bad taste is his amateur approach, which makes it impossible to take seriously.
