I offer this film is props that are very well done and well-done. You can add I couldn't pass the import of anything. First, the game is built around the idea of ​​"Russian Roulette" which fills the hour. The biggest problem is that if you do a show "show", you are likely to be your first candidate to be a good shepherd to draw a "real" bullet. So what are you doing? You have 50 minutes of show to fill with no display. Corollary is that OK, you get to the end and the first five competitors are living, which means the number six has a shot and cannot get a reward. He can not beat himself at that time, so it is a kind of anti-weather. <br /> <br /> The second problem, almost big. Human nature. People will die, fear, the soil of their underwear and do things that are not very good television. Extremely severe. That is why "real" real television is actually written and has been suspended. The only thing that is random is a "performance artist" on women's sacrifices, which was really unknown historical, predictable, as he went through the shot himself without effect. \ t We are led to believe that the exhibition exhibitions would increase when it continues at 1 am morning (likely) and Asia's token girl announcing every promotion for ratings. <br /> <br /> Views on race and sex. The great surprise of two minor movies (one gay) and two female competitors are living. So we were left with two white men, and of course, the least they are the one who buys them. The purpose of the show will be randomness, but the youngest boy is the one who dies. The rate is that after spending two hours fighting with suicidal television, Eva Mendes (Mendes is produced and starred in this matter, therefore does not have a person to blame but herself) in fact it becomes a conscience when someone dies . What did he think would happen? He is beaten immediately by someone who is angry about the whole thing (intention has never been explained) and the show continues to be a big hit. True? <br /> <br /> The problem with the media satire is that it must have a certain base in fact or it should be on top of a cunning (like Network). This is not.
