What a bad mess is "Shiner." I wanted to love this over, on a protest film, and actually found several times with a powerful resonance. Sadly, at that time a few and in the middle. When I appreciate some of what Calson was trying, any benefits for an unseen bones, no movie movies were destroyed and some kind of an angry film that had benefited from the cinema ever. When the worst action is growing down the budget (and the big budget) movies, Shiner has a very good display which is very interesting. Especially Linda and Young Guy couple "direct". These are two unqualified texts to offer any sacrifice to the story. The actor is very serious and no actor can oppose the noise or lose if they lose their lines with awesome skills. The order of the choppy almost makes the impression that these roles were completely free and dropped in avoiding the film being stereotypically cast as a film oddball. It would be much better than that. For everything that causes them, there are several displays that seem to capture what Calson wanted to get. Especially the story that focuses on Bob and Tim. These are two very interesting characters and offer many awards for realistic performances by Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a striker with major issues. The lowest glory is hiding with a carpet almost as arrogant as wearing a coat of arms. He is considered by Tim, Bob who seems to be uninterested but eventually he likes, he blows the gun in the usual style of the cat-and-mouse. When the table has turned to the hunter becomes hunting, resulting in only real film of emotional catharsis. In the film that artificially hard-edged (that's compliment) one character must have that revelatory break through (or breakdown, if the case proves here) and the final struggle between Bob and Tim will give Zelinas and King the chance to show some real chops acting. . <br /> <br /> As played by Scott Stepp and Derris Nile, Tony and Danny seem to be the focus of the film, and with some time the courage of their own (including real violence scene to show sex / obsession violence), but they can't seem to escape as an animated artifice and it's hard to watch - or more of them seeming one note symphony and get anything away from clear <br /> <br /> Finally this raw material. can (and must) be used to describe this story in a better fashion. Alas, there is no really very suggesting this yet, the Messrs King and Zelinas exhibition, in fact offers something special and photographing what might be finally worth seeing.
