Shiner, led by Christian Calson, comprises three "couples" and their relationship with violence and violence. Start very well even I'm worried. Interesting. Couples decrease in male and male husband, two male males and a direct husband to be "unprotected" led by a man of the sex. <br /> <br /> Children "het" do not play a major role in the film. There are some cases that show how they like to worry when having sex or playing around each other, but they seem to have no real purpose since they lost. My idea is that they represent a typical example of the day and how sex / violence is linked in a couple's life. Couples are not very aggressive and even not shot in any way. As characters, they do not move the theme or plot. Two male friends make a lot of conspiracy. They are collaborating with some of the sexually active people by convincing one of their sexual behaviors. This grows in violence. And violence changes them. It becomes a way to satisfy sex. And their need for violence is growing as the film goes on. The main problem I had is violence is not lobbying. Never seems that any of the characters are in any real danger. It doesn't just work. Given that all the movie themes are about relationships and violence, this is a big problem. Unfortunately, the decision does not affect either. Sometimes, it's okay, sometimes it's very bad. In one area, I wondered why one of the characters had a rouge smeared on his face. Combine. <br /> <br /> The interesting pair of characters is a "couple of stalker." Here Calson appeared to have more to say and was able to develop more relevant stories. Maybe it's because the characters seem to develop more and have a resolution at the end. Shiner could be better if it had been stuck with these two. Thank you that Calson wanted to achieve a lot with this film. It's interesting. The low budget budget does not require much. I don't think Calson got the wish he had a goal. I myself, I did not find any great controversy or contest. Shiner was not strong. This does not mean, however, that the director can not achieve something with his next film. It seems to have something to say.
