-SPOILES- Lame on the south side of the movie adventure of the border which deals with the bravery of the general director of cooperative Rosenlski president of Unasco Inc for the island of David David Ziegler who lives the life of Reilly, or Ziegler, on his coast Cancun Mexico. With this CD, she gave her brother James, which has three years of telephone conversations between Rosenlski and US President involved in criminal agreements. This CD has given David a great deal about the following international groups. The fact that James is so desperate to try to shake down Rosenlski for 2 million diamonds is not just lost his life but he put David at risk of losing him too. Ropsenlski want to talk to David for a CD to find his ex-wife Liz to talk to him about giving, Rosnelski made a plan to pay off his debts if he comes. David was later killed by Tony, a Mexican man of Rosenliski, with the help of a white white shark, who is not only going for all these peace activities for his boss's part. Tony had taken a CD that Liz had left with his boss at a local hotel safe and now he wants to kill James, as did David, and at the same time put the CD into something on Rosenlski. David who had hidden the secret of the diamond that James had at the time of his murder is now the goal of Tony and his men to bind him for good. David also wants to take diamonds and at the same time give his master Rosenlski the impression that the CD that David had been lost but will later use, without Rosenlski knowing who is behind him, betraying him. <br /> <br /> The movie "Night Sharks" has a number of shark attacks in it with this large white-eyed white shark who ends up taking out half of the cast members including Tony. David who is faithful to the control of the gun uses high knives and Molotov pipes, as well as his fists, taking all Tony's staff. Even the shark killer has been completed by Tony but with a hunting knife, not a gun. When using weapons to save his friend and sidekick Paco girl Juanita and his priest Father Mattia lives from Tony and his guns were no-no and David; he was more than a knife and a man then something else. The end of the film was about predictable if you could do it and David thought to be killed by a shark one of the pope's future out of the crowd, after Rosenlski believed he was dead and left the village. David continues his life as a free life and love of the beach and nobody wants to kill him with about two million dollars. David's debt was his friend Paco giving Rosenski back to his CD but under the conditions that if anything that happened to his cousin, Rosenlski does not know who and where, he would hit his mouth and allow the whole world to know about his activities and crimes.
