So, did it really come? What? We, as adults who agree, we charge the next generation of movies - do not understand the film and celluloid capabilities? About Wayans and Co will soon add an image to the image migration; The little man. This UK P.G. (Parental Guidelines), anyone under the age of twelve must be with an adult who is involved, a proven movie, is the shape of what is now going to be worse than sleeping since smoking "lost" from pictures of icons 1950s films. <br /> <br /> Many people under a dozen listeners here who, others without an adult supervisor too, sat there, in obedience, doing all, they don't know their subject and advanced features that Little it shows, for at least partly. The film, in general, can do better than this unusual attempt, while this shortage gets them when they are still young and clean, the greatest fear for the future of Cinema is that the ignorance of the child can continue to the full. Cinema deserves more than this, and so their growing, and in reality also, viewers, this fierce bull gives the attention of the youth of every time. It is no Cinema experience here, there is no wonder of open eyes, no respect for the magic of movies'. There is nothing but frustration and contempt, because of the lack of substance, nature and the inadequate mental and disease of everything that is now bad for the Hollywood machine, for buck quickly, we must tolerate our future movie audiences for favorites of this archetypal disaster. <br /> <br /> What! this will be with Hitchcock lovers, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner joining their graves? All the money they loved, of course, but the talent and happiness for perfection and quality, and largely, respect for the profession and their audience, were never reduced. We see, once again, and the work of the Jews devotes another picture of the worst taste, while the White Chicks (2004) loved ones were undoubtedly to have an American outbreak. The feeling here is that the two leading actors, played again, and the brothers of the Wayans, are a lot of discovery, that recognizing all is not available, this makes the movie better too, and is an actor Terry Crews White White finds the finger and personality, not Wayans. <br /> <br /> However, with their pasts of movies to relax for the 1970s, such as the movie 1988 I Gonna Git You Sucka, this can be seen as a comical and exciting movie, heavy weight like Isaac Hayes, Jim Brown, Bernie Casey and a good actress Ja'net Du Bois. That is, the little person doesn't have any one of any kind of what is eternal, he is shallow and narcissistic, without appreciation or value to his supporters, he comes quickly takes your money and before we know, he hides in his cogs commercial. There is no known knowledge of where our money has been spent, after the Scary Movie (2000), things can only go, but they have not done it, without reflecting on the artistic value and of course that phase from this non-bold film the following movies will be one one on video, one can only hope. These routes seem to have created all kinds of films for themselves, to some extent; have played bludgeoned death part of the film, have washed water in every way and in their inevitable style. They have gradually broken the reputation of a hundred years ago that Cinéma has given us, may be the movie ghosts keep being humble in their sentences, as their growing viewers, so far, seem to be, when the bubble breaks, and they become like.
