United States. Country of freedom, hope and dream. This is a nation that has, since its independence, endeavored to bring democracy, prosperity, and peace to the whole world, for the benefit of all people. There are times, however, when a person cannot help but want America to stay just on their Atlantic side. <br /> <br /> This 'movie' (and I use that word and reservations) provides these feelings for bright purity. This vision of hell follows the advent of Calvin, the shadow of the shadow shadows who was created by connecting the head of Marlon Wayan on the foot of the foot of the upper leg. After suddenly stopping a big diamond into Vanessa's wallet, a working woman who does not stop children, Calvin knows that to get a diamond she must get involved with him. So, as any ordinary person can, Calvin is wearing himself as a 2-year-old with private parks on the door of a poor woman, where she is discovered by Darryl's husband, Vanessa's husband. Darryl falls in a quarrel with Calvin in spite of the fact that 'baby' has full teeth, stubble, tattoo, knife-scar, and sex-car-16-year old. Even more amazing, Vanessa does not see Calvin's son wearing or trying to breastfeed the decline. Criticism on the human soul tries, and fails, to find humor in rape, scatology, sexual harassment, and pedophilia, however, in an honest effort to build themselves in a 'family' family's brother 's family entertainment. wrong moral and guilty. The attempt by the brothers of the Freudian liberation struggle of their fighters to reveal that "she had a bad father". Frequent blowing Darryl in the hippo enables Calvin to develop a relationship with a man with whom Darryl has always desired. If this was not ridiculous, Calvin's attempts to attack Vanessa in some way to persuade her to be self-centered in a successful career, and instead she should spend her life in the place of a little housewife, who spends her time and canceling children young and cook for her husband. In this film, the Wayan brothers combine their damage with lost humor along with the feeling of clichéd that has infused a lot of recent Hollywood work. Additionally, they are of the current generation of black comedians who are responsible for changing African and American humor in poor and poor shadows that are embroiled in fart and sexual jokes. For these two rights they should restrict the law from taking anything even the same as the camera again. Unfortunately the current artistic and moral degradation of America means that at this time next month they will certainly have shown two rows and made millions of dollars from business trading agreements.
