[INVESTIGATORS]! Timon decides to return before the beginning, when the story began. So they come back. Way back. Come back even before the Lion was born. Back to the old house of Timon which was a mile away from Pride Rock. Family of meerkats closed underground to hide from hyenas. The best singer in the family was glorious, a special host named Timon. His mother felt sorry for him but Uncle Max honored her head. Mother suggested to put Timon on the duty of sentry; Timon had a dream of a great and better place out there somewhere. At that time, Shenzi hyenas, Bonzai and Ed arrived and almost killed Uncle Max. That's it. Other Meerkats just wanted Timon to leave when Timon withdrew himself to leave. So he kissed his mother and began. He didn't have too far before he started getting home. So he met a friend, who taught him to look beyond what he saw. Timon was not aware of what he meant and he met with a warthog named Pumbaa, who was alone because of a fraudulent problem. Timon and Pumbaa are joining at that time, but Timon announced that friends, rather than friends. They come to Pride Rock where all the riders, antelopes, wildebeests, rhinoceroses, giraffes, elephants and many other open animals were assembled. What's going on? Timon didn't care. They continued. Timon then saw Friend atop Pride Rock lifting into the air something that he could not see. Then all the animals took the bow. What? This was the honor of the birth of the new king? No, Pumbaa had passed the gas and the animals were lying to cover their jewels; Timon and Pumbaa try to make a new home, but everyone is worried about singing or hyenas without breathing or striking with wildebeests! Pumbaa and Timon suddenly find themselves under the stream. When they reach the ground, Timon decides to stop. But then they look closer to their new paradise. It was good: trees and water fall to the eye that can see. Timon called the place after the wonderful words he learned from Friend: No Matata. Timon and Pumbaa come from the gun for one day buzzards when they flee the Lion suddenly. They take him under their wing and become a father's figure. They teach him to eat insects and contests. Recently, the young Lion takes Timon to the slurping snail competition. Lion won, leaving Timon ill death. One day, a friend of the Child of Nala's childhood arrived. Timon and Pumbaa knew only that he could break the friendship. Suddenly, the Lion runs off. Nala and Pumbaa ran after him, but not Timon. She chose to stay "No Matata" with her soul, until a friend "speaking" in some sense in it, so she joins her friends at Pride Rock. Timon's mother and Uncle Max arrives at that time. When the Lion Wars are dirty, Mama and Max create a big hole with a trap of hyenas Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed in. It worked. The street lost the same hole where it is eaten by hyenas. Then all is well. Mother, Uncle Max and others of meerkats live with Timon and Pumbaa in a paradise that is No Matata. Come back now, Timon and Pumbaa finish the movie when suddenly Mom, Uncle Max, Lion and Friend want to look at it again. So, Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, Few Children, Dumbo, Peter Pan, Children Lost, Mad Hatter, March Hare, Genie, Aladdin, and Jasmine. must say that the King of Lion 1 1/2 was not as good as I expected. It was very ridiculous and silly. The Lion of the original Lion was the hub. It had a great story with a light comedy thrown in. This was just silly and made her shy. I swear, sometimes Timon and Pumbaa are just the most unlikely way. They are involved in the fact that it is not funny, just angry. The original sound dropped back: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumbaa, Matthew Broddrick as the Old Lion, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin like Bonzai, Jim Cummings like Ed, Robert Guillame as Friend. New to cast is Julie Kavner's series of TV series (Too) a long series. Simpsons as the mother of Timon and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max. Therefore, this movie is not the King of Lion III, and not II because there is already II. It happens after Part I and Part II is a way off. So, it's 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend this death to the fans of the Lion King because it is very far from ignorance. However children will love it so I recommend them. I hope this also will be the last movie of the Lion King. Two is enough. "King of the Lion 1 1/2". What we have come to expect from the creators of Disney supporters. <br /> <br /> -
