The director and his crew are going to Beal's house alone, making a horrible film of the low budget for the seven extraordinary family of Beal family that have taken place in the past century. Even with warnings and guardian, the director does not care about the caution of the condemned house. One of the staff finds a book called the Dead Book of Tibet, and uses some passages from them to their script. But by doing so, the red color raises ghoul from his grave. The rotting, mixing and completing all of it is connected to one, corresponding to this midnight production. What it feels like ever, has never been seen to go or show any efficiency from good ideas. Even as the director of Paul Harrison, the unstable direction built a few structures, luggage and atmosphere. But laziness put it first. The entire film within the film structure takes many films and this time nothing happens with great interest. And it's not fun. Think of "Children who don't play with the things that have died (1972)", and now we have big actors in that area. However I have seen "Seven Corps" being inferior. The script earlier has some mass cutting, before it ends up being a drabe, predictable and left with many unfulfilled possibilities. A cheap foundation involving small sets did not help the issues, but the dreary of the house, the dark appearance there was an interesting air. Exhibitions from identified b-cast are particularly rigid. John Carradine in the small part actually tries. John Ireland has a head of fire, Imani Domergue actor has advised the attention of Charles Macaulay. The grinding curve slowed between the "Ten Indians" and your usual set of zombie. Yet not all of it is involved, even with its magic and odd edge. Hell even throws us into the cemetery, without winning. When ghoul decay appears? finally, but a little bit. You don't get better, if it's too hard. As well as the revealed opening, the end is a bad taste. Wickedness in the middle, always causes trouble. Continuing on many events comes on the absence, and deaths are more exciting and bloodier (but actually not done) in the movies they do, then what happens to them when the zombie will appear. The most common color of the music comes with its shuddery, but the clear cue of the Gothic, and the function of the camera is blandly programmed with a lack of imagination. Shoot and shape. Shoot and shape. Work done. That's the shape.
