After reading the original comments, I am happy that it is not the only person left to be confused, especially for the last 20 minutes. John Carradine is shown twice to go to the grave and unite the cover behind him. I waited a lot of some sort of clarity of this unusual behavior ... I usually thought he had nothing to do with evil-home evil, but since he was killed by the first dead body (here is known as Zombie # 1), events these have no meaning at all. Please, if someone out there knows why Carradine went on down into the cemetery - then we are all in it! All steps are closed for the last 20 minutes so I will try synopsis. John Carradine comes out of the cemetery, and is beaten by Zombie # 1. So far, it is very good. But then we find a place of confusion where John Ireland and Jerry Strickler, out of a small sand film in the grave, finds the body of Carradine. Strickler often tries to push Ireland into an open grave from where Zombie # 1 emerged, but Ireland is able to take him into an open grave instead, with PRESTO! Strickler comes out as Zombie # 2! Well, I think we can kill that Strickler dead around (witch?), But why it changed from the normal appearance in the body-body version by jumping into the tomb of Zombie # 1 is not described. (Considering how to slow down the mobilization of these zombies, I'd like to think he would like to stay in his "normal" form until his business was achieved). This feature also brings a question to the mind - who is the only one # Zombie ??? We can only think Zombie # 1 is one of the victims of the initial killings shown during the opening of the film, but who knows, or why he has some efforts against film workers. However, after Ireland sees this change and goes away, we see SAME OF SAME OF Zombie # 2 walking through the trees as we saw in Zombie # 1. (This causes a temporary frustration on how fighters many there there is a truth). Then in the best of the 1950s of fear of Ireland Ireland manages to fly during the rush. He touches his head with a little head of Domergue's head of faith (it was not very good for John Carradine to lay a grave for a cat he knew?) <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Zombie # 1 has been destroying home. He easily sends three members of the film, then begins the level. Faith Domergue hears him, and thinks is John Ireland's partner back from his night shot, it comes out. After seeing it's Zombie # 1 alone, he stops shouting back into the bedroom where he gets the Irish revolver. While the star Carole Wells shows this time and can't hear the scream, his star star Charles Macauley (who reduces and reinforces the mirror in his bedroom) does. Take his best time (and only after more swigs from his bottle of hat) finally decides to explore. (One thing that strikes the viewer during the last quarter of this movie is how NOW OF LOOKING OF THE stars is shouting and weapons). Domergue returns to the armed and ready road, but Macauley's mistake for Zombie # 1 and fetching him six times! He makes a good frobatic flip on the insults, then Domergue's fear of coming back, into the hands of waiting Zombie # 1. <br /> <br /> Carole Wells is now out of his shower and drying off when he hears the weapon and blow la Domergue; he also does not feel a great sense in running to explore. So this time Zombie # 1 has a time to string Domergue to the neck of the string. Wells sees the death of Domergue's death and facing death-away. The next time we see him on the outside of the house (???) - but more about the future. At the same time, Ireland has found its impression and disruption in the house where it finds the killing of Zombie # 1. Although Ireland has accused 3 people who have been killed she is worried that her film has been revealed and destroyed! For his mercy (and viewers), Zombie # 1 hits the movie equipment down under his head from the 2nd floor. That's the end we see of the # 1. At this time viewers are held at the entire meeting, showing that the new "glass" "old. How to fun. Zombie # 2, at the same time, has found around the house (note, these zombies migrate as slowly as molasses in January) where it happens to see Carole Wells located near the river, and the fish out. How did he get there? What? Zombie # 1 has taken down, throw him in, then pull back to the top up just when you hit John Ireland? It seems that one of the original victims was lying on the tub, so Wells should also swallow (but why not offline, rather than on the tub, it is never explained). Zombie # 2 does not make it into your own home (everyone is currently dead, anyways, thanks to Zombie # 1) but instead carries Carol Wells behind the cemetery. As the end discovers on the screen, we see Zombie # 2 with its deadly love still in her hands, descending into the open grave. <br /> <br /> The viewer hears citing: Yes, but not the Grave # 1? Why Zombie # 2 take shelter? And what if Zombie # 1 comes and wants to climb again - it's Zombie # 2 gonna let, or will there be a zombie fight? Will the zombies be with the grave and Carole Wells dead? And what about John Carradine now dead - where will he live? After all, from the previous events we know he is in the grave in the grave ... If this last reserve plot is left you confused, do not worry because you are not alone.
