I have three comments about this film, which I found hanging out on the bottom shelf in Blockbuster. At first, it is interesting to see filmmakers when they are trying to work on films that cannot be closed. Others have, as Kubrick did with "Lolita", got an original author to write a screens that are like the original work. Of course that can't happen here; Kraft-Ebing has been dead for a long time. Others have used the original work premises as a starting point in a new, unrelated direction (recent revision of "Tristram Shandy" comes to mind here). You can throw him - the film "The Fifth Five" is for my imagination. Or you can only take a natural structure and try to provide in the cinema vignettes. That's the way that Woody Allen's "Everything you want to know about sex", and, of course, this film. After considering, perhaps it is the only thing that one can do with professional work like "Psychopathia Sexualis". Loss of capacity is that any action to complete the original work was closed or destroyed. And so it's here. It is a cinema style. Others may call it "worship" to Murnau, Pabst, Carl Dreyer, etc., but I think it's worse than that. It is too heavy and you feel that you have been effective for a long time. Finally it only becomes angry. The third point is perhaps a little mental mentality. What? People involved with this can make a film about gender deficits and sexual misconduct that are so strange? I have seen the film impossible to consider, and anyone who is not directly inspired by the picture of gender deficit will also find. I don't want to be legitimate and say that the movie is useless, but I have to say that everything that the creators of the film had something hidden with the nature of the source material, copying more than the styles of the film, and refusing to engage the audience on the emotional level ( perhaps for fear of suspect for titillation. <br /> <br /> The movie is an amazing practice from the beginning and it doesn't work for me, sorry say.
