Wow, this is odd on the one hand: usually the first movie in the long string of sequels is the best of the group. People are wondering what a good time is better. And Tarzan, I thought that this film was worse than a bunch, or at least the first six of which included my Tarzan DVD collection. I will enjoy watching sequels many times but it is through staying through this Turkey, thanks to several characters. Yes, let's start with the good news first: <br /> <br /> MASS - Many publications and many wild animals displayed, even if they are just a video clip. You see the lion's attacks, pigs, hippos, panthers, call it the name, and you see the different tribes of all kinds, including pygmies (called "youth" in the film.) Since this movie was made nearly 75 years ago, I can't hit the truth. any because they had no movies in the past. They do the best they can so that you can put up with the actors talking in front of artificial nature. However, Weissmuller made many scenes of action and was in good shape. He and O'Sullivan make a very good couple, if there is one in the Golden Golden years. <br /> <br /> The film has a historical value (with many sequels) because it shows how Tarzan got Jane and its beginning to learn English. <br /> <br /> BAD - From the time "Jane Parker" is taken by Tarzan almost every area and she is Maureen O'Sullivan in emotion, screaming and screaming after the scene. It's enough to give you a headache and damage the film. Interestingly, he reduced the stability in the sequels, but not in this film. The film is also unacceptable for the "Red Head Teacher" as C. Aubrey Smith, dancing Jane's father, and Neil Hamilton, as "Harry Holt," a guide to the journey, shooting every animal into the eyes, like animals threatening or not. These people are killed, especially Smith. For another note, it is so bad nothing here defines how Tarzan should be in the jungle first place. There is no history of him here or pictures of his growth. He is there when Jane and the group reach a certain point in Africa.
