Pigs of the pigs, despite Tony's failure to achieve a year in Broadway, have never been what could specify the jewel in the stage of the stage. However, that is not to say that in the hands of the right film could not be closed and destroyed in something appropriate on the screen. Unfortunately, what is being transferred to the screen is a reliable version of the issue of the action affected by all its improper weaknesses. First, the mark has never been one of these power productions and the film does not change the reason. There are many songs (probably very many), but few are memorable. All new ones come to an interesting song is the title of the head and one night - you are very worthy And I tell you that I'm not going to be a little song than it's a great piece of Effie (Jennifer Hudson). The film is lighter and technically well, but the story and characters are surprisingly thin and does not exist in any resonance. There are some interests at the opening, looking at Svengali's manager for Jamie Foxx to carry out his actions at the top, but that takes the back seat in the last part of the film, while the story tries to throw him like man, despite being correct from the point of business for a large number of films. Beyonce Knowles is good and sings his songs well, but stuck with a character that is essentially a glitz of the face. Anika Noni Rose as a third member of Dreamgirls trio real has nothing to do for the whole film. Eddie Murphy admits himself as an open singer on the basis of James Brown, but the role is not particularly meat and ultimately has a small effect. Foxx would seem fit to be thrown, but it seems to release and bored. The main part of the film's film is certainly a former American Idol winner / Oscar Jennifer Hudson in the role of Effie White, a compassionate singer who gets booted from the group and returns to win the stage of closing. For me, Effie has always been a big problem in the show and movie. The film wants you to feel compassion for him and instead he-handedly takes his side, but I've never been sure that this behavior deserves the same kind of worship. From the outset, Effie separates itself from many parts like a feel, self-devising diver, who is more interested in what everyone can do instead of having a lot of interest in the group that she is part of. When he is bound from a group to his unprofessionalism and odds, the charges are more basic, but show stage / film seem to think Effie should cut off the unlimited slack because he has a great voice. Although the film attempts to reduce some of the Effie limits to make it more attractive, the charges are still standing. His story becomes more deceiving by suggesting that he should be more sympathetic because he is a single mother struggling to raise his daughter - by means of which (such as talent card) instantly makes any behavior caused. Indeed the only great effort of the film makes it show that Effie's mother is telling us about it and then it includes a place where she tells her daughter in the unemployment office, insists that the girl does not "father" and then refuses to seek a job to help her since singing is all he knows. In the hands of an experienced actor, the limitations may have been done with the technique and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not an actor. He sings well, but the time run by the conversation does not usually come naturally and is unhealthy during emotion. The signature of Effie (mentioned above and I told you ... numbers) sing well with Hudson, but it emerges emotionally in the acting department. Effie should show her anger and despair in her trouble, but Hudson comes as a pregnant cabaret giving a hot number. All in all, do not show quite a single impression. The last part of the film is basically predictable of events that make Foxx in the original position of Hudson and allow him to enter again with the master over everyone. Foxx criminal offenses in the film are certainly for the training of many struggling manufacturers, but the meaning of the film that appears that he has come because he was helped to share the disco era is rather ignorant, not to mention engaging in self-indulgence, especially from A round-film film. The end result is a sketch of step-by-step, published by emotions, energy or anything that can be described as power.
