Before I start, I want to say briefly that this movie and itself has been done well and done well with all involved, including Whittaker, who deserves his appointment. It is very entertaining, and. . . taken into an appropriate environment as the function of FICTION, is a very good movie. So, I give two stars. <br /> <br /> However, instead of wasting your time and what you can read one hundred times elsewhere, I want instead to mention the false nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell people a false job if it is true. I insist that this film is not in any of the features that enable us to know that the main character, Dr Nicholas Garrigan, is a perfect innovation. Instead, it provides this character in a real historical setting, and allows an unknown viewer to think it was true, and what they see is true. I do not have a problem of mixing truth with falsehood - but doing so in a matter of loyalty like that, in a word, legitimate. There is no doubt that Africa, as well as the Third World countries are full of human wickedness and suffering. For a long time Hollywood tries to capture the suffering of people in these countries on film. But Hollywood also has an eye on money. The only true way to capture the suffering that seems to be happening everywhere but the West is gaining yourself, or at least has been taken into the trust document. But these images of false characters in a real historical setting can only do much. At the end of the day, they are under submission to the viewer to decide for themselves, and more about leading you from the picture to the picture and striking you on the head shouting, "SEE, WE ARE BEING IN!" An example of this seminar can be found by anyone who wants to view the document on the DVD after sitting through the movie. In fact, the most amazing picture of the film is to see the body of Kay Amin, the second wife of Idi, who killed her when she discovered her honesty. In the film, we see that his feet have been taken up and reunited (hands on foot and vice versa). This is the reassuring director that Amin is, as the people of Gungans say, Bom-bad! But when we look at the document, we learn that this is not true of the story, which the Health Minister then tells us is not true. <br /> <br /> So. . . what. . . Do they do these things? Why? Because Hollywood has a low opinion of our mind, that's why! They do not hope we come to the correct conclusion ourselves. See, that he was killed and destroyed is itself enough for us to conclude that Amin was not a good person he demonstrated to the media - we don't need this Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE image inspired by enhancing it! And this is the tip of the ice. Something that has not been explained to the ordinary viewer is that the behavior of Garrigan himself himself writes. No little Scotland doctor was taken under Amin's wing. Consequently, Garrigan is only open to helping us with the ignorance of the West to understand the African world. Manufacturers seem to be something that we cannot be interested in film about Africa unless there is a white face in it. (Surprisingly, even the unique character is shown by the American black actor!) This problem is that the film is no longer appropriate with Amin and his rule, but rather it is a great excitement about Western Whiteer to come to Africa for all the bad reasons, making several mistakes terrible, and then "isolate" himself, even at the expense of three other innocent people. In fact, I must say it is almost impossible to show that the death of Mrs. Amin's death was the result of an attempt by a Scottish falsehood - almost seems to be a hateful soup for entertainment! I would really Hollywood would stop standing next to our money. I first discovered his ability to do that with MOSES PROFESSIONAL, Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman's delightful chapter of the life of John Nash, which took away the black side of the man to present only the affected hero that America could only get enough. The sad fact is that Hollywood has been selling these fakes for years, and viewers, who are predicted by lazy or worried to struggle themselves, buy a hook, fake, and fake sink. > See, I certainly don't mean Amin is turning that villain he didn't. My quote is, in fact it's amazing enough to persuade us about the brutality of man, why should Hollywood then go to the height of the lie? Why should Hollywood scare us by holding our hands through these films? Why can't they expect us to think for ourselves? What? Can't just put the photo of loyalty on the screen and let the audience decide themselves? I urge all who continue to watch "Hollywood" movies that have to pretend to have their own permission, and never think that something on the screen is close to reality!
