"Women? All are scrubbers ...!" It is not a good translation; Absolutely not! This is locked behind the previous "Father of Army", none of the special magic, of the original seminal television screens, and the complete failure of large screens ... you can only say that this film well represents the UK entering the descent , and even more precisely than that, the industry * of the UK film * to come down. And that's not a proposal, is it? To be an example of sadness of sadness ... All that remained after the original TV trick was taken by the surgeon, and Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson are: forever endless, of music, yawn songs, from Ron Grainer theme. Strengthening sensitivity (that shoddy, thick-eared end up ... how much of the second Steptoe film seen in comparison) the seed rises - and the director and authors seem to quite pretend - fully relevant to something like 'demolition' damage (your actually on This site has since 1973, "Change". There is a very surprising voice, a voice of refusal about the area where Harold has been beaten in a rugby club, which I hate and bring it back (so far, as a friend who spoke, from the state of the TV series ...), but this least seems slant natural , and the sign of tension just climbing to boil in the UK of 1972 ... There, however, the prostate said, the 'heart-of-gold' who turns a free woman -Tahara 'poor auld' Arold - and more-caricature write a 'class' feature; not to mention, an amazing display of variations from common leading. Brambell and Corbett are joining the script, and in fact they are not able to come up with an important ham. What did Anthony Aloysius Hancock do ...? I will only show that only a short time on the job - especially those G & S plays more carefully with the nerves and touch B & C - and not anything unknown. But, and oh, how this hurts my pain is to say: it's breathing, stimulating, all deliberate separation from the truth and what made the series of television so great, and also looking very active and lazy, tawdry. , misogynist 'repair, which will make ...' of a lot of a lot allowed to pass for common film making in the UK at that time.
