Okay, allow me to accept that I haven't seen any film of Ivory Traders (distributor). I have not seen more work with the director, so my ability to negotiate before the rain out of the film analysis is reduced. By accepting that, I would like to start. Before the Rain is a different type of film that does not know which type it wants to be. At first, she pretends to be a partner. In many romance, the protagonist loves with love and supportive behaviors, provided by the supportive behavior, and is (sometimes) united with his partner. The hero of this movie has already won the heart of his girlfriend but can not be with him. His name is Henry Moores and his name is Sajani, and they live in southern India during the rest of Raj (British empire). Henry has been away from London for a long time and has fallen in love with his girlfriend's married daughter, despite her legal marriage and a child abroad. What could be better than that? They often walk around until some children see them. The word spreads to Sajani's husband who asks his participation with Moores. She refuses to contact him, but Moores asks him to leave the area. Sajani rejects because of his commitment to suicide and suicide. Please beware that these events occur in three of the opening of the film. The film changes the tone and becomes a criminal drama in its final parts. The Sajani body is found to be sure if the Moores family comes. The defendant is the Assistant T.K. taught English. T. he knows the thing of his master but he keeps silent until his life is lost. Once he declares he is innocent, he tries to restore his dignity by killing Moores. T. it is also squeamish and clean the dirt path as the rain falls. <br /> <br /> I want to warn you, this is not a romance film. The DVD cover and exhibition posters show a Indian woman and a Caucasia man admitting in a tropical environment. This chapter is taken directly from the opening of the film, but disappears quickly. Then it's over. It seems like an effort to strengthen on the Western layout with a banned love. It is not effective, however. It's not just a film that is not romance, but its characters do not have any personality. They are clichés passages of walking. Moores is a proud person who does not know his Hindi friend, the mind of the T.K. T. it breaks between its own heritage and its educational history. Sajani is a woman who cannot have a choice in her romantic life. O, and, of course, the family of Moores are investigating the death of Sajani but still a little racist for Indians. If the voice wasn't too bad, I'd like to stop these problems, but it's not. The film has been presented by the anactic overtone that shows its progressive behavior. No, this film is not bad. Other than spectacular screens, not poor. All actors have experience and do well here. Nandita Das, who plays Sajani, was part of the amazing Indian drama. Even the director Sivan has to start with amazing. He recently supervised the Terrorist, which is part of the collection of "Great Movies" of the Ebert Roger. What happened here? Why is this film so bad? Sivan explained how he was led to lead this film because of the short time he saw in Israel called Red Roofs. It seems, the story was "timeless," and Sivan wanted to create a similar experience set in 1930 in India. I have no problem with that way, but I think Sivan can also be mobilized at this time. Artists, movies, and set design are accepted but unless you share the Sivan anura, you may not enjoy it. My recommendations are that you think you are not according to him and look something else. Last Agreement: * and ½ out of *****
