Although executives do the job of lobbying for lost players who vote on screens, the fact that these characters can not recognize and had me look at me just 20 minutes on the film (and more than once). The development of the conspiracy has emerged and slower, the divergence of the words of a friend's character is very difficult, the basic quality of the many actions of the perpetrators and the way the fighters they deal with are offended. <br /> <br /> It is an example of Ventura Pons to incorporate psychiatric characters. However, this societal investigation is a major step down from CARICIAS or Caresses, where the perpetrators are offensive and despise each other for basic reasons that play during the film. In AMOR IDIOTA we are forced to follow the most commonly misleading instructions as she eliminates a very sad and injured woman. Certainly this is due to its own depression but the script does not support it. I will not give away the story if there are eyeschists out there? What? He cures through his neglect or the woman is distressed by her depression through her weak vigilance? Even though I looked at anything I did not take care of even for a few moments of each other. <br /> <br /> If you can stay in this hate, ignorance, rebellion, BAD conversation, flimsy philosophy, and so on? The camera function was very good and it seems to be a led by the DOGMA group. Decoration also seemed to be aimed at showing these players in the bright and angry light as it was so bad I saw Cayetana Guillen Cuervo in any movies (when for someone she is really interesting). I think if the idea is that we should be obliged to see the lowest level of society so that we can appreciate it and not part of it then Pons achieved its goal. The closure of the sex incidents was a waste of films (if the characters were beaten but once for a green color paints of a pale green color, their background background can be transformed into a special label of effects for pittance). Actually I have heard a lot of male listeners who were in their seats at this time but looking at the goal proves that it is not the real purpose of those events. Try yourself and look for something else.
