I can understand after looking for the first time for many years how it is considered to be one of Laurel & Hardy's worst. For me, it's not close to such a bad "Wardens Air Raid" and "Bullfighters", but there are some serious errors in it. The movie has been created to show Laurel and Hardy as the owners and teachers of the dance studio. Hardy is as funny as the "London Bridge" drum player, surrounded by the 20th-century Fox's stars, while Laurel teaches the first ballet while wearing a square ball. A painter draws the glue on the floor, causing a gag to predict where Hardy ends the player. Then, the followers came, now using insurance cover for their protection. One of them is very small and very good Robert Mitchum. But no sooner do they hate the boys in buying insurance, they are caught. <br /> <br /> This is the end of the bandits and the last time we see the dance studio. Some of the films are dedicated to the help of Laurel and Hardy's rich owner Trudy Marshall and his lover's pride, Robert Bailey. They first try to help them hide their relationship from their adoptive parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and the winner of Allan Lane, whom we can tell the right is a bad pig. This leads to a secret bar of Briggs revealed to Dumont's general tea, and a gag where rug appears completely from a rich sister that breaks her bed into the bottom pool. Bailey uses boys to help show his gun, the pandemonium continues. Butler's dead hair announces Case and Dumont that their home has fire. <br /> Later, Hardy wants to use the insurance policy to get money to pay for their studio studios and hope to get Laurel to break the foot to do so. There is no record of the fact that insurance traders were gangsters and that the policy would probably be invalid. (Even if they were a valid insurance premier, after their arrest, their licenses would be removed). Laurel has gone to the run which had been abandoned by the driver on a dog considered to be rabid (just a covered crop, Toto consuming Toto look the same, or maybe a real pooch), and caused Oliver to put an end to a big beach-coaster that somehow then standing, fully fitting its wheels on the tracks. Mixed pieces can be exciting, as evidenced in "Abbott and Costello Go to Hollywood", and this is exciting but non-romantic. <br /> <br /> As the story faces, these all seem to be uncertain, giving the impression that this was just a series of single reelers to put together to make the full feature length, hope part of the double bill. L & H, as I said in another review of their future films, had lost a lot of their luster after the departure of Hal Roach, but surprisingly here, they don't come as older and tired to look like they had films held the same year. It was not interesting as it was with other films, this would certainly have put "2" as opposed to "3".
