For the Laurel and Hardy fans, in the 1940s and more they were a sad time for the team. Their contract with Studios of Hal Roach died and they were now "free agents" - they can work for any label that has given them work. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach) and even a French film company who employed boys did not have any touch to their comedic talents. Plus, Stan and Ollie were very big and saw these gray men taking the crop seemed to be sad, not particularly good. Stan looked very much with Ollie's weight to the extent that he could walk very much - so it made me feel exciting exciting on their very interesting antics. <br /> <br /> In addition to their age, this film is facing why Fox Studios has fallen down to help with creating a parallel plot involving a young couple - something that slowed their time on the screen and turned them into "spa" uninformed instead of be their own. A good Stan and Cuddly and Ollie are very foreign to Laurel and Hardy of 20 and 30 years - and seemed to be very extraordinary and fit for them. Now, even for their age, this may have been a good movie if it has been awarded a decent title and if it appears to the label it cares - and it was obviously they were using the "B" unit here - and, for better, second-class support. Specifically, there are very few laughs and the last 10 minutes of the film are awesome - the only dependent on the previously unsupported screens for fools dismissing the area - which can only rank as one of the worst forms in the history of the film. <br /> <br /> For hungry zombie lovers of Laurel and Hardy, perhaps it's a favorite movie. But, for the team lovers who are willing to watch this film with respect to their early films, it comes only to the real quest. In fact, of all their films of the full length before 1940, I can't think of one I loved under MASTERS. Unfortunately, the post-1940 films, this can only be one of their best. Sadly, it was worse - with a bad film like BIG NOISE and NOTHING but BUTO. I just want the boys had just retired after SAPS AT SEA. At the end, I wonder if all the positive comments of this film on the IMDb can show the love of the team more than the signals that this is a good film? For the audience who do not love the team, I do not know how this film will do anything but give the audience - it certainly won't convince anyone that Laurel and Hardy were comedic scholars. But even comedic scholars need facilities that deserve their talents.
