This film uses all the pictures of art art (slow speed, long-shots shots, a small amount of dialog) to try to hide the fact that there is no worthwhile thing here: No plot to talk, characters are dreary (female guide) or cliché (The behavior of Tersteeghe), and they do not discuss each other on anything that involves their unrepentant life. The film focuses on a woman who knows about her prostitution. Instead of accusing him, he half-hearted retaliates by committing adultery. After fighting with reconciliation with her sister - who knew about adultery without telling her - she asks her husband to deceive her. They seem to be reunited as a family. Two other lines of the story - the planned action of an older father father and his young wife to Guernsey and a competition with a woman's sister - does not provide any interesting development. The suicide of a female partner who seems to put off the events in the film is not the issue itself. For 2005 - or any other year for it - this is not enough to make an interesting film. Besides, it is unlikely the least significant development in the script is not used or is avoided openly, as at all times the woman and her sister place certain furniture from their father's house that will be sold because of his move was planned. Both sisters want this piece and given their competitions in the past - on the most important items than furniture: men - this can in theory cause shock. Or the issue could have been resolved by one sister with another way. In any way, this can not be an interesting or original development story but at least would introduce some development. The film makes it clear (with both sisters looking carefully at signing with a sister saying they do not want to pick up dirt) but it stimulates us out of any resolution: the area has just ceased and how this itself rather than dreary and property issue - resolved, not displayed. Even though it is almost nonexistent, the conversation on the film is flat and insulting. For example, during Guernsey's visit, two sisters deal with their competition in a third-party conversation that has a child "yes - no". Fighting and reconciliation with the sister 2 is completely without conversation - giving a very fake, overly stylized and unrealistic feeling and significantly reducing its effect. The woman's way finally - finally! - they tell her sexually immoral men in one line of dialogue should appear to believe - and at the same time it is not possible. The husband does not seem to have any visible or indirect responses. The woman did not mention her adultery to her husband. The part that shows the woman, the husband and their newborn baby lying on the plane, looking at the sister may mean the end of happiness, but how the characters described their life issues in the past did so as much as possible. Because of its slow pace, the unpredictable story, the leading direction and the lack of extraordinary dialogue, I saw this film an example of everything that could be wrong with the cinema gallery and wasting time.
