I don't know what I missed here, but I can't believe all these positive comments with many people on this film. I thought it was wrong, and a little over. I loved Gregg Henry's exhibition and Michael Rooker, however others were just ... boring. Now I like B movies, I do, but this was a bit less alphabet for me. I have found a man to compare humor and fear in this with "Dark Army" and "Shaun of the Dead", with "On par with The Re-Animator". You must be interesting. I did not find this amazing film, tried it, made an effort, (perhaps there was a lot of effort), but failed in my opinion. When I was hit by a third or fourth builder I was blowing my eyes and looking at me. There were obvious worships made by several other films, which are common, of kind like local jokes to us fans of fear. But here can be just a lack of original ideas. In fact there was a special good effect, a good year, but that can not bear the whole movie. Grant used looks like a cross between Jabba Hut, and in the early stages of the mutation- Chet from the "Own Science" (after becoming a monster) and one of the alien / child creation from "The Explorers". Didn't work. I thought it looked like something a child from the class of class 5 class could create. Then there was Brenda, a woman whose Grant was placed and closed in the warehouse. When help finally arrived it appeared as a big tick waiting for him to spread. The design was once again thoughtless. The color of the round colors with the middle face. * yawn * <br /> <br /> Now about the zombies - more movies I see with zombies in them these days more I like George A. Romero had a patent on them and was just a writer / director allowed to make movies about them. He is the only person so far doing well, except Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg (but that was comedy). Oh, and Danny Boyle, but they were a different style of Zombie. Perhaps Mr. Romero has destroyed any movie of the zombie because of his ability to make his painters to mourn, wailing and trembling as their joints have broken down and not even a drop of synovial water, and their muscles are fighting the effects caused by previous genocide right before restoring. The people of "Wheels" did not have good motivation ... were terrible zombies. <br /> <br /> So in the end I give "Slither" 3, for a couple of laughs and a few nice cloud scenes.
