Slither is a terrible comedy that does not really fear enough or comedy worthy as one or the other. It has one of the most beautiful places, any number of lingers that work, but it causes very few and enough smells to store the movie. In addition, the script does not matter the hero and heroine, and goes off the kilter in several places. The failure of this film is that it starts and then leaves its hero (Fillion) to follow Grant Grant (Michael Rooker) as he started first and then becomes a monster. All this part of the film comes out - The character of Michael Rooker is not interesting to us as a person, and checking whether he keeps going through a series of trends while performing in the interests of a monster can be interesting if this was Grant - Photo of a Person Turning into Monster instead the awesome movie of the awesome alien. In the final analysis these films are on the script - it's not important for the audience how the leader makes or spreads. The purpose of the comedy-horror is to find the heroes backed up in the corner and shoot and shoot and then throw their bugs, and they lose wisdom every time something fear or disgust occurs. Instead we find an examination of alien behavior and techniques that only make this part of the film. The strongest hero (Elizabeth Banks as Starla Grant) is in the middle of this section, but yet I heard that the film dropped to track its details, unless it was planned for following Grant Grant to the end. <br /> <br /> When Fillion and its place finally deal with the alien movie does not start cooking, but again the problem is in the script. At this point the audience knows - and the parties should know - that Grant is not just a suffering of some disease, and acting accordingly (weapons of firearms) - instead they continue to spread ahead of this evidence that this is nothing "you hospital" will help. Although their answers may be human and true, these are the characters in the action movie and they must have just done what the promised film - an action given. Lack of practical events in a film with a few ideas like this is very failure. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS *** IN *** After the first fight with the burst of the larval alien sack (limited character and perhaps the best location in the movie) script once again the movie betrays. At this point one of the characters is almost taken by the stranger and develops awareness for the visitor. The author (Gunn) chooses whether this character is a completely new character, rather than one of the small characters. Why? Why did he need to introduce a new character rather than an hour on a movie that becomes a conspiracy? While this behavior is attacked, we do not know anything about it and we can take care of it over it, though she is a young girl who enjoys the boy in her bath. He had Gunn decided to use this habit and using one of the little characters, he was able to completely avoid his family, and save time and money. Additionally, the hero and heroine would have been filled on the guest plans without all the extra characters, and they could get around around the visitors quickly and more powerful. <br /> <br /> My last criticism depends on looking for a movie. Gunn is essentially a writer, or perhaps it was a budget constraint, but this movie seemed to be unpleasant and unpopular. Many steps take place at night in the forest or on the field, and the screen looks just gold. Sets in Wheels (a false city where action takes place) see cheap prices. The whole movie looks cheap. Board Office Mojo says the film's budget was 15 million dollars, newspapers say $ 29 million, and considering that they did not have any talent of the name, I would say money is not displayed on the screen. This period is simply overlooking, and seemingly very few. <br /> <br /> The end of the end is basically based on the fact of the behavior. By the time Fillion and Co have started to hunt Grant / visitor, one woman has disappeared and Grant is known to be an enhanced animal. At this point I was expecting the FBI or at least the State Police to show and take it from the wild Sheriff. The woman is lost and likely had been killed, and the district has been doing psychological. Time to call the authorities. But basically I was hoping that it would happen because I just wanted the characters who will show with ACT. Even though this film is wonderful-comedy, the movie is very similar to Dreamcatcher in terms of a strict invasion and a variety of monster with its intentions. While Dreamcatcher had more serious problems with stories (especially the entire split of Morgan Freeman) and especially the latter, in many ways it was established, especially because the main characters were strong, but most importantly because it seems to be good. Although this may be unpleasant - love movie that is weak in general plot and backbone structures because of the production values ​​- which shows how uninteresting I found the look of Slither.
