With the real reality, the possibility of computers, communications and past, the ongoing effort to show your identity in a preventative society, and Ada Byron Lovelace's spectacular display by Tilda Swinton, this film should be good. But it's lousy, awesome if you consider potential! Acting - away from Tilda Swinton and Karen Black-veers from patience and anxiety. The construction of the plot is an amazing thing to say at least - a modern-day manufacturer is a bad habit of one note, but half of the movie has used to establish its character, and then Ada finally appears, is to write down her life events, not to present the relevant story ( Swinton almost removes this, though). You cannot know him as a real person, it is just an example from a student's history page. <br /> <br /> Digital effects, like a bird dog and aircraft, are mad and terrible, considering it was 1997 and not 1985. And finally, the script is very bad. Wicked, constant conversation of attention - especially the struggle between the app and his girlfriend, which made me wrong - cool and distant characters, and a zero attempt to create a strange feeling. Successful settings communicate with someone in the past! Surprise! But it doesn't seem any surprise, and her boyfriend says, "Well, be careful." (Although we were not given a clue or later why it might be dangerous, and it does not seem to be dangerous.) Also, despite having a computer with Ada Lovelace and her mathematical love, it is obvious that nobody involved with the script had any mathematical knowledge OR computer - any reference to these studies comes as a perfect shark that fails to stop any unbelief. One place, towards the end of the movie, is quite good, monolog and Tilda Swinton describing her grief for the weakness of life but her happiness in this life. It shows that it is renowned, enthusiastic, and prudent, seemingly dropped from another film. So I am disappointed in this film, because it is a lost opportunity for a small religious film. If you find something interesting, you would like to pay taxes, but be certified. See Orlando for another, the best observation of gender roles in history and the great performance of Tilda Swinton. *** spoiler / question: * * <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, Ada asks that his memory is not protected (in what I thought was better in the film). But then the modern day program seems to do it however, transferring memory into her little girl (hence the name of the movie). Am I right, that the trainer broke the requirement of Ada without even striving on it? Or is this another point of combining the plot that I'm misinterpreting?
