I am the type of person who came down to the local library and read books on the different Babichi engine when my school pupils played soccer etc.. So, if there is such a thing as a target audience for this film, then I think it 'possible to be with it. Maybe I just need to look at it again. The previous inspector has mentioned the film while tired. Maybe that's my fault. I tried to enjoy this film, and there are things I like, but in general I have seen it as an amateurish and plodding altogether. It is a certain amount of personalized computers, I can't help but take the exact time when the film is made, and how the graphics are used at the time (ie 1997). After playing soccer games. "To rub the mind" to mention one example, this film cannot avoid the blast of the 16-bit low-size multimedia of the time. Now thanks to this little decrease in recent years in the world of gaming at least, for real play of the game. After watching this film through the German FTA satellite station (if I don't think it has been seen in the UK FTA TV, well not soon), I was angry with the observation of the document's The last Gottdog (God's dog) had 4 people working on the design. Perhaps it is the meaning of my spirit being hated by this, since ten years since the movie was made, however the final result makes a picture of the film from eight years looks good in comparison. But, as with the main story, I agree that the structure is not the best idea. If others agree that Ada deserves a film without a sci-fi angle, and a direct geographical approach would be more appropriate to cover the life story of this famous woman. <br /> <br /> There are basic errors that undermine my enjoyment of this movie. First of all the basic idea that somehow lost the real information of the old world can be precisely reviewed through some sort of extrapolation through the software according intelligent agents, it seems some form of ridicule. Also, the theme rush to the movie that a computer device can predict the order of all items for a period of time (eg wind) is now known to be not a case. Well, so Israel can have this opinion, but the 20th century Gödel's work proves that there is no mathematical system that can be completed, Turing works at the limits of the calculation, not to mention the theory of confusion and the of quantum, all of them have completely avoided these ideas, which seem to be the main how the modern-day software programmer should do the job <br /> <br /> Last, clicking the mouse in the air for a sense. The "app" also just plainly wrong, as described earlier. <br /> <br /> This film probably would have been the same, but at least some technical advice would give the film a huge amount of credit in the parts of faith. I will not forget the film, such as "Pi", it is obviously a special job, but also a lot of bad mistakes for me to enjoy it, 3/10 from me.
