This is interesting to me. It is possible that I am only a fool of the United States, but I can only get 400 Blows. Everything that I have learned about this film has been a general story, but I can not just remain interested. I am sure that it was like a revolutionary film-making as all critics say, but when it blows down, it's really really provoking. Maybe it's a language barrier, I would not be "sensitive" or "very" enough, but whatever it was, I hated this film. The story itself is not bad; it is about a young French boy who is being abused by his parents and teachers, and finally lives in a youth center. That itself should be interesting, and it was, for the first time. There was nothing wrong with the discussion, but it is also hard to say because half of the conversation has not been with the head and for no reason, so I didn't know everything going on. But for the discussion we can understand, it made sense enough. Actors were honest enough, but it is difficult to say a real person can do in these situations. So you feel for the main character, but only for that when you enter trouble you think, well that it takes. The plan is not your usual plot. Every time she gets in trouble, she gets worse than the last time, but the reason is not much. And through the whole film you realize that nothing the main character can actually do about it. So it's more like just waiting to see how end. Finally, by the way, it was on my head completely. It's also too much for me, and I just got it. Lead to the end there was enough ease to follow. The structure was there, and it was also wise, but everything provided. With the amount of conversations and time necessary, the film can be at a short time. It was not just the end. His part was an unwanted shots for a long time, none of which is not so much remembered; for example, the end is a piece of the main character driving down the road to the country which lasted thirty seconds. Now, I'm sure he had a deep meaning in it somewhere, but for an average viewer, I'd like to have more food at the time. Or at least done something less than staying and watching this boy runs, like making my clothes, or taking a nap. The Final Decision / Over-The-Master's Impression The whole movie was that perhaps it would have been moving very simply and just that it could teach me a good lesson, if I could just find what the director was trying to say to her? unique decisions. As it was, I just felt hated out of two good hours of my life.
