One star. That's all this document deserves. I have never felt this despair in watching the film, allowing the document, at some point. <br /> <br /> I am a fan of BIG's "Walking and ..." series, including Nigel Marvin chooses, for all their fun fun news news. And although the old man has never loved me with other historical creatures, this is amazing and unique to explore. After seeing all the other performances from the series, I thought I needed to see this too, especially after seeing good reviews in other areas. <br /> <br /> Similar to those who put a new comment on this doc ... what would you think? lol. Though the information they could reach was amazing, the presentation died in every way. It had a horrible flow, it was not very common in what it was trying to say (for information and sometimes not in place), bad effects (which include short-term CGI and flower effects), and are widely used by MTV's camera effects. Speaking about the effects of flowers, one inspector here described how shocking the area was during the cemetery when they came to this large piece and how it looked very much like a movie of fear of 70s people. Yes, there are many times as people have shown men who seem to be worried and ignorant. Nothing is supported by awesome camera positions and songs. The worst part of it is not shown in an interesting or powerful way, or it looks far away. It doesn't look like it was taken seriously. He also did not have any emotional punch which the predecessors of the series had. Remember the section in "Walking with Dinosaurs" of the fate of Ornithochirus (sp?)? This period still gets me in tears every time I look at it. It is this kind of engaging in the subject that misses most of all. When you are more involved in the subject and it is a personal story, even one that is just patience, you are more concerned about the surrounding reality. These are just the saving gifts of this production is the story of beauty (at least in the BBC version I saw) and music. Otherwise, do not even enter this lease unless you want to have a good laugh (which I did regularly, but often followed by decreased eyes). This is not on the shelf and the other "Walking with ..." text. <br /> <br /> Is it reasonable to know that this doc was not created or shared directly with the same people in a row? Hmmm ...
