This film has "four hundred blows" is destructive. After 400 obstacles "means" to live wild life. As a French, I am surprised when I see this popularity, but there is no better way to film. "It's not the first film of" new ", see Agnes Varda's" point point courte ", (1956)" Hiroshima mon amour "of Alain Resnais (1958)," Le beau serge "of Claude Chabrol (1958), is Anterior In particular, "400 sanctions" comes after. 2. "New publication" was sometimes a concern and hard for their predecessors: Night night, Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves allégret and many others they were punished for their selfishness. they will never find a lot of French or 50 years gems (Duvuvier "under ciel de Paris", "Autumn-Lara" of "douce", Yves Allégret's "un not jolie petite plage" and "manèges") went away saying that William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann had no meaning! lojia instead of despair: it is very inviting, the story is as common as it may be, teachers are caricatures, and mother Claire Maurier provides such lines as memorable as (you should be French circuit 1960 to understand how absurd it is): Well, father your only brevet (a small diploma) and, for me, I've just got my secondary diploma! You know, that circa 1960, not 10% of students had HSD in France! Antoine Doinel must be proud of his mother after all! He wants to have a diploma, who can blame him? 4.Compared with the creativity of "Hiroshima mon amour", which has new types of products, and new content "is divided", "400 sanctions" were important. Truffaut will create a new form with "best" Jules and Jim ", was helped by Jeanne Moreau who is unable to succeed. The definition is very serious, Jean-Pierre Léaud, who is called English, is still useful, but will soon come down to the most affected by generation 6. Drugs = the stolen brain had the best days, before the "Poil de Carotte" of Julien Duvivier, "Luis Bunuel" "los olvidados") and after Maurice Pialat of "enfance nue", "Kes" of Kenneth Loach does not want to impose Truffaut, his movie is not bad, but, in fact, French film films, prefer "Jules and Jim" "la sauvage" (a trustworthy, realistic and non-fiction business film) "l 'argent de poche' (as professionally as “400 restrictions” but more than funny) or its beautiful Hitchcock pastiche “vivement dimanche”.
