It is axiom of Frank Zappa that "music writing is people who can't write to question people who can't talk to people who can't read." If you ever need proof that musicians cannot talk, this is the film for you. Frequent loan attempts stumble upon themselves to complete monosyllabic views made with strong voices: "Wow." (Thank you, Idris Muhammed.) This film is careful but, while most of the pontificating from Youssou N'Dour and its group of men who enjoy (and one woman) beat, music saves the day. The main idea behind the film (what I take to be the main idea, given out of an unknown definition) is interesting. Collect a group of musicians from America and Europe and take them on a journey through different styles of music growing in and out of bondage, back to their roots in West African music, and the festival at the old slave fortress of Gorée from Senegal coast. . We are dealt with in the gospel, blues, jazz and diversity of these, including some of the wonderful blows in New Orleans and Senegal. There is also a good deal of N'Dour's own songs. <br /> <br /> Sadly, that's another weakness. He did not know what N'Dour himself wants to achieve. At some point, the film appears to be an independent exercise for the N'Dour section. He wants to play his own music, jazzed to a certain degree and works in a group of favorite musicians. He is a little embarrassing with this and earlier in the film finds the blessings of the curator of Gorée's museum. <br /> <br /> The conflict between the different agenda shows through several other locations. For example, a person apparently felt that it was impossible to tell the story of black music without involving the gospel choir, but N'Dour and many of his men are Muslims (something that has been done repeatedly in the film). The first whole series involving black Christians is not worried and then disappears from the story until a close group is accepted (only black Christians who can hold a voice?) Going to Dakar at the end of the film. (Being fair, they go to victory and make the best piece in the film.) If the story of black music needs to pull through the gospel, why not also in the leadership of South America? What is the attraction of black music from the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then there is Europe. Here is a black animal not found to have produced any musicians, because N'Dour chooses to write an Austrian guitarist and a trumpet player from Luxembourg. Is it only in the team because N'Dour played with him before? I was very persuasive, though, it was a long chain that tried to restore the power of 60 / black / Islamic state in New York's home of Amir Baraka (a.k.a Leroi Jones). Hearing people talk about the importance of "knowing your history", and then in the next breath continue with ignorance. Why do many African-Americans believe that taking the Arab name is proof of their African roots? And why do they think Arab religion is better than European Christianity? What? Do they think they start trading in African slaves in the first place? The film does not have much to say about the state of West Africa today than the courage that "the current situation" is the most bright and better result of being transported away for 300 years. Senegal seems to be poor but happy, talented musicians, with friendly and welcoming, respecting their elders (and not about motivating Americans visiting the fish market). Is this just racial or my humor? There is no comment on the armed guards that N'Dour and camera staff seem to need in the opening sequence when they are driving Dakar's roads. There is also a great meaning in the film that slaves who were taken from Dakar came from Dakar. The comparison between the New Orleans voters' style and the Senegalese style of the people of Senegal is said to be. The last thing the slaves heard before being sent away was to act out their country, expelling them. Unless, of course, that normally, slaves sent from Dakar did not come from Dakar. They were arrested or traded from the interior with Senegal's beach and sold to any European power traders which now took place at Gorée's slave. The people of Dakar are not descendants of Africans who have survived the slave trade, they are only likely? more likely? be the parents of people who bought their black brothers to be slaves and exile. <br /> <br /> The two agenda talks again in the last part of the film. There are two different breaks. On the one hand, the festival that N'Dour and Co have been narrating and organizing along the way and which provides in the courtyard of the Gorée slave slave. Another end comes when Harmony Traders sing spiritual "Return to Glory", at the sea gate of the slave fortress. This is moving in detail, even if it is hard to believe performance is quite similar to it looks. <br /> <br /> This is a film that is destructive. The secret of the story tries to tell and hit in different ways. It is irritating, combining, good and emotionally turns. Watch (listen) for music and emotions, but do not expect the lights or the attention of the mind.
