I loved "Frankenstein's curses" so much that I ran to get "Frankenstein You Must Be Destroyed" to see Cushing again ... even if it was without Chistopher Lee this time. For my great desire, this movie does not just do without Lee, but it doesn't without Monster Frankenstein completely! Was the case "If we can't get Lee, we can't have a monster at all"? Why would they do it? Monster is half the fun of the whole thing! This film is dedicated only to the study of Baron Frankenstein and its attempts to complete the experiment he started in brain transmission before ending in reserve. I found the script so weak, and the need to strengthen unbelief encouraged the audience very little. I intend to strengthen the right amount, but this film got ridiculous, which took me out of the film instead of throwing it into it. <br /> Peter Cushing, though, is quite brilliant playing evil in this film. As one of the most popular and well-known male participants, he is certainly able to play too much and hurt too. Support support is capable, but it has nothing to do, even a young doctor and his girlfriend standing in support of Frankenstein. The police chief of the disruption is brought, along with his seat, to generate some resources, then they have completely abandoned the movie! Why? We have been led to believe that the head of the police will be the great Nemesis of Baron, then we are led to a lesser doctor, and then end up being a victim of an experimental brain transplant Frankenstein. There was no tension, we had no investment in the "creature", and the end was left too much to leave the person unworthy because it is definitely setting another order. <br /> <br /> Also, there is almost no "fear" elements. Yes, there is a beginning head (start-up camera), and we are dealt with the Cushing voices to cut the heads of two skulls (again, away from the camera), and there is a part of an unwanted and unwanted rape rape (90% is, again , off-camera). I understand that there is a love of "allowing listeners to think all, because their thoughts are worse than what we can show", but come, if you don't give us a Monster, then just let us see a few "awesome" things you choose to include. To show us the bones in the laboratory of the green light is not just awesome. <br /> <br /> On the weak script, I thought to refer them often is flat. There were good shots, but otherwise there is no excitement, atmosphere, or a stressed emphasis. The director made the "Curse" back in 1958 and I thought it had been directed to the open ... I think it was if he had no heart and this film I had. The movie gets 4 out of 10 from me strictly for the performance of Peter Cushing's power ... more than that, I've got a little in this movie to recommend. Instead, my opinion is to check "Frankenstein's curses" and see a great hammer to hammer a hammer.
