"The love of Kadibodi" is the last movie of Norma Shearer. She left the movies and, I think, joined the Board of Directors in MGM. That was a good step for his side. "Kadebodi's lover" was speaking and interesting. It was obvious that there were just a few of the characters and parts of the chat so they had a lot of chat talks to develop this Turkey. The story was a good idea about a wealthy woman (Norma Shearer) employing a man (Robert Taylor) to make her a boyfriend (George Sanders) jealous. I wonder that the director, George Cukor, did not forbid many exhibitions between Mrs Shearer and Mr. Taylor. Mr. Cukor served Ms Shearer well in "Women" but not in this film. The best performance in the film was produced by Robert Taylor. During Mr. Taylor's career, he was given his exciting work in this movie and "When Women Meet" in 1941. In 1942, he gave his best performance of the "Comedy Cardboard Lover" and, until then, his excellent performance in "Johnny Eager." He had a whole year. I think about all MGM executives, Mr. Taylor worked with all major and small actors in the vote. Also, MGM has given Mr. Taylor all kinds of movies to do - many of them succeeded. That is why MGM prevented him for 25 years. <br /> <br /> Mr. George Sanders was very good as a social heel. He played a similar role eight years later in "All About Eve" which won Oscar for the role of helping. For Ms Shearer, this was one of his worst performances, was not funny and too much for this comedy. It's amazing that he made a great comedy in 1939, "Women", and gave his best performance. It was obvious that he was too old to look at his younger men in his "Card Card Card." Also, it did not help that some of his clothes were bad. Neither bad nor Mr. Taylor did not make another movie like their last movie together, "super" escape. "The same opinion on this film can be mentioned about another movie," Personal Property "which Mr. Taylor did in 1937 by Jean Harlow. It was a very, very interesting conversation, and the actress appeared to be an old man. 26. What a waste!
