Even in 1942 theatrical performances of HARD CARDBOARD LOVER was very high. Half of the pair (the husband / wife, the former wife / wife) to give others back to the threat of marriage with another, divorce, or isolation in the form of envy, abuse, or other projects have been best done in ordinary books such as Friday's GIRL and PHILADELPHIA STORY. All these movies include women with a strong presence of glass, who have no indomitable and who have played independent, non-female characters. In both films, all women were strangers / divorced from their first husbands (witches) and decided to marry uninformed men who were opposed to them, and both would be refusing to reject their recent husbands and give them their desire again for each other. <br /> <br /> The program in HARD CARDBOARD LOVER takes gender: here, it's Norma Shearer in Cary Grant role out, this time, preventing the former partner (George Sanders) through the rental of Robert Taylor making it as his gigolo. The problem is, Shearer is too old to have the most important role for the mid-late midfielder; Sanders are about to act as a furniture for many people - anyone who will have a love with his girlfriend, seeing a wonderful man out of his bathroom if it happens here, will grow lights in it and cause a large area. Not here. And Robert Taylor plays his role as he tries to provide a Cary Grant center in half, not for the introduction of the speech but for the general essence. But the worst part is Shearer himself. For an actor who has used parts that have given him a sense of intellectual sex and a great presence, playing Consuelo Craydon seems to put him in the throat of complete work, on photography, and on breastfeeding which, while still part of his style of action more than ten years earlier, it makes him like a very good singer who drives a joke from the situation like water from a dry sponge. It only stimulates the fire that describes the theory that gives Irving Thalberg a job planner and a chooser (most of it) roles; why came out such roles as Charlotte Vale and Ms Miniver on mega-hits now VOYAGER and MRS. MINIVER is a mystery, but again, many accounts also say that at this time she had been burned out and done, that she had lost interest in the whole thing and that it is no secret that anyone who has learned this type of thing is basically lost and cannot wait until The retirement or the end of the contract is almost to leave as soon as possible. That may be the case here. He seems to be lost, seemingly tired, seemingly easily ill, walking in a way rather than living. After this film did not do it again, it will be obliged to discover Janet Leigh who would come to himself as a screen star during 40 years and 60 years.
