Welcome to the 17 film on the 50 packet of packet packet. Where we will see, That's right. Another movie that is not quite suitable. Hardly, this movie was with me confused at the end, I thought I had rewatching "In Dawn's Sleep." The program seems to be very simple .... even up to 3 seconds on the movie where the girl claims to kill the cat and then ... um .. it rises? I don't know what happened. and that was before TITLE SCREEN. That's very sad when I can't even tell him what happened in the first three minutes. <br /> <br /> Yet it's a photographer and a great mustache who finds this girl after throwing her another girl on the way to take pictures of something somewhere. so we get there but not before someone steals their jeep driving 200 meters out of the way towards the city. suspicious? Nah. so they decide to stay in this village left by one old woman. and then blah blah things happen with blah blah talking. A boy with a mustache goes out with a mist for some reason even though an older woman did not tell him. He disappears and then finds the way back. Oh, I forgot to mention all this after 20 minutes worthless of those living in the house of a boy who looked like the boy who looked at casablanca. Then they leave. There is no point to this area. It's really just padding. if you want to refuse no one will see or care. But sadly, that was the best part of the movie. wait. let me do it again. True to the sad that it was a good part of the movie. because others are so confused that I had to look at the IMDb to find out what happened. But of course no one knows so I am SOL. Overall, the last 30 minutes of the movie were a lot of time that I had seen on the movie. They put him in a dress, he gets robbed, then he is released, he goes back home, then finally your witches at home and his end? for weight. I have never been confused in the movie. I mean, as bad as movies like "Robots War" are, at least they do SENSE. This movie does not even make ATTEMPT be consistent. The latter was controversial as the end of "morning sleep" and the plot was worse. This film gets only 1 for her "I don't know what happened in this film" ness. The "witches of witches" find 1 player of the film out of 10.
