I could not mean this film a lot of time, nor did anyone else, according to other comments. The opening part of this film is not worth anything to do with the whole story. In it, a picture-player with a big mustache takes off his holiday to get away from his partner. She is given a picture of the mountain. It's rumored to be haunted, but I couldn't say if he heard it from his boss or later in the film. His way, meets with a good writer (Patty Shepard) and persuades him to join him on his way to work. In all the film, there is this scary of awesome music, which includes singing to the noise that makes you want to shout "SHUT!" What really a bucket man is that the film always looks like it's about being good, though it never does. There is a beautiful mountain mountain with a certain highly creepy situation. The guest house and silence, separated the ancient buildings scattered on the mountain are rather frightening. The night of the night seems real, not like a man putting a fake machine on the set. And the idea, when not original, was able. But it has never improved, at least not enough to be useful. Here's how it goes, more or less. They stand at this guest-driven guest house (anticipated called Igor) and hearing problems. There is a place where the author thinks that the star appears on his window, but the area is dark, I did not know what was going on. If this was a bad light or transfer of poor film unknown to me. In any case, we do not know what happened. There is a place that disappears at night. Although he is sleepy or standing with the head of the head is never told. Another place that is not described is when their car is stolen, then found again, without something stolen. They turn into that seemingly deserted mountain alone that this woman is a compassionate woman. There are other things, including an adult with chains in a cave that have never been told, an attempt to release a writer somehow (they will kill or guide him to join them?), Witches themselves, a women's brunette group in white clothes that do not show up to 15 minutes The last of the films and who are not familiar with the beliefs. Even the closure area has no meaning. When all is said and done, many people will say, "Huh?"
