Saying this film is very complicated to follow and as much as confused to go through it put it very gently. Also say that current newspapers are available are dark, dreary, scratchy, modified correctly, consisting of dubbed pain, visible censored and in almost non-sufficient shape is also correct. This film is very much needed for good feedback from complete, inappropriate, natural damage and see how it is air atmosphere (and won the award winner at the Catalonia Film Festival), can be worth the trouble. Then again, maybe not ... It is impossible to say in its present form what kind of movie is true. It begins to attract, if you can reduce the sequence of opening before the opening, which involves a little girl to kill a cat, who loved a snake called Gerda. The mother of the girls, Carla (Mónica Randall, who should keep them off a little eyeliner), some gasoline splashes near the garage and brat lights. It seems like such a little Gerda, he is going to visit his old photographer (ex?) Mario ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). He is on vacation from work, but so refuse to leave with Carla that asks his employers to put him on the job ... any work. He blows "You will have mercy!" out of the door. Well, Mario has been given a picture "Witch Mountain" (somewhere in Pyrenees, I believe). Before he gets to his destination, he sees a sea of ​​fire called Delia (Patty Shepard) and stimulates a few photographs of taking her on top. It's a little peeved, claims to be one writer, two flirt and then decided to be the idea of ​​swelling as they went on a mountain along. When they stand in his place to carry his bags, Mario suddenly hears a loud voice, innocent music. Delia says she is just hearing things. So they both begin their journey on the mountain, leaving it in the inn to stay at night. There he meets the unthankful, deaf, the homeowner of the ignorant (Victor Israel) and the Delia claiming someone was a detective through his window. The next day, under a certain position, he goes around the mountain and finally is with Mario, who walks out of his jeep and runs away. When he was aware of what was going on, someone steals the wheels and they have to walk a piece, finally getting an impenetrable jeep on the foot of a small, old, seemingly abandoned ... almost as one tries to attract them to that purpose. And as we will see, that's exactly what happened. In the village she meets a young woman named Zanta (Ana Farra) who says she is the only person who lives there and empowers her to stay at her home. Mario takes pictures of the "abandoned" city and while developing them are eerily full of people. From a little, she and Delia start leaving and stuck in a "fake" mist and they should smoke and camp at night. All parts of movies are about voodoo dolls, black cats are transformed into beautiful women, Satan's rituals made by women in their bras and death fall under the rock. Well, fortunately Carla's wife was turned out to be one of the witches, too. It is all done in the dark half and being completely honest, I did not know what hell was going on a lot of time. An unknown end of "opened" is an additional barrier to the face and anyone who has to suffer through this unnecessary mess. Indeed, there are few things that seem to me as very good. The first is the Shepard actor, who has Barbara Steele's great kind of dark, wonderful beauty. There is also the best music track (known as Fernando Garcia Morcillo) and singing songs, which helped to make this film as much as it is. The work of the area is very good, but as I said, the publication is as bad as it may be and it is not appropriate to be impressed, so beware of this.
