In Europe, it is known as a success. in the United States, known as the Last Option, but under any interesting head of the SAS action ask the audience to put their concerns on one side for almost two hours. I find it very difficult to understand how Lewis Collins (hero here) was chosen as Roger Moore's successor on Bond movies .... this person is an unsuspecting person who could strive to get a job in the waxwork museum (like Waxwork !!!) Luckily, Judy Davis is on hand to liberate the matter by part of the function of the meat as a tribal division of hard work, and there is a series of ten-minute action that is appropriate for leadership by Ian Sharp. Let it be added that it is waiting too much, for a very long time, with these exciting closures to come around, and I can honestly say that about two hours waiting for a very good step was a quest. SAS A tough man Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins) goes under a group of peace protesters who would like to see the end of nuclear weapons. He meets their leader Frankie (Judy Davis), a strong and speaking woman who can be able to take extraordinary steps to achieve her goals. The Frankie volunteer team has taken a strong view of the US Embassy in London, claiming that the nuclear missile was expelled from Scotland's base (he believes that when the world will witness a nuclear explosion indeed, everyone will be so surprised that they will join the arms campaign). Unfortunately for Frankie, he makes the mistake of taking Skellen on his invasion of a small embassy, ​​and has a plan to remove their plan from within and a little outside foreign support from his SAS friends. The film is inspired - the most obvious - for the SAS attack of the Iranian Embassy in 1981. A person who saw the event in the news seems to be well planning to film on the same lines. Unfortunately, the film is banned, with a very stupid discussion with many bad chaos (arch-bishop debate that comes out of friction, any?) Frankie's idea for peace by sparking a nuclear explosion is so foolish, so it becomes an example The disgusting moment when the audience is about to see him as an interesting villain. Who the Effects of Anger tries to be a festive legend of the military which is SAS, but at the same time takes into the clichés of the worst action and planning a plot-thinking out. The result is a positive but fully committed piece of boyhood.
