There is something in many of us, especially boys, who enjoy a small group working in a small village "real men" a fascinating fare. And Sean Penn serves us with a high cherry. Hey, many people use Penn as a political boy, but I am not a movie or actress / director in terms of politics or personality. That is the right-wing speakers as the faux film filler Debbie Schlussel does. While admitting that he was one of our best actors and a good director, I think this picture was a simple piece of dreck that has been purified since now. Okay, you have a question of this, there is a good soldier, a small city striker, Joe, played against David Morse's type, who in the opening area drives someone off the country's road. The biggest sixty cars. The wicked leaves, comes out, throws him so Joe must kill the dead. There was no comment that drove this man to do a great deal of brutality and the parents of the dead makes the redneck fun out of the police station when Joe feels sad and guilty that he was killed. So we know that Joe, the farmer drove his land into police work, is a good kind of guy. Then his brother Frank shows, he is shocked, rebellious, coming out of the Army and Nam where the war had its blood. Some people here and in other reviews called him a hell he was not guilty of raising a younger brother and Sean was trying to describe what John Wayne had of a tough culture and a battle for other unkind people but what I saw was proud, sad that enjoys hurting and take people away. Then there is a mother and father, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who return to turn as an old couple of the country, then die; he for disease and he for suicide shot, develop stories for us. All the time Frank bad man is far from being SOB sad. But good Joe brings him back to Podunksville from jail so that Frank can improve his life with bruising bridges and live with his very pregnant wife. But Joe has a good wife, played by Italian actors Valeria Golina, who is Mexican and Sean uses this as a practice in painting of Joe's positive verification and his true heart under uniform with his staff. For me, that was a pointless act of action that Sean uses to stimulate the stature of his tough boy by exploiting the Mexicans because Mexicans are hard and cold. But Frank is bad and we get a condition. The events like stealing a friend's car, stealing a gas station by hitting the clerk on the head then wiping the car with all the good things that the hell farmers do. Then there are the requirements of the 8mm youth of Joey's youth led by the soil and the cowboy dressed in Franky with the backsliding and overcoming him with the dad so that we know what collateral between them. So the film encompasses the sand of a small town to accelerate the heart of any red stater. According to the film it was a great song of sixty songs such as Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin that were not quite good, except for the 60's of the era, winning the old hippies hearts. The worst mistake is that, since the movie was followed by Springsteen song, "The Highway Patrolman", the song was not included. So, the dead Joe's brain goes into work with Joe runs on the bar to get a load and spout some of the few of the victims of the victim about how difficult things are when Joey has gone back to his wife. Bartender is good Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. So, Viggo - Frank drives out for some reason and beat Ceasar his death after a good Joe Cop match. <br /> So Joe dismisses his bad brother and I was hoping that he would do the right thing and the blow that threatens the community away. Instead we find a place where his brother has gone before him in a 50-year-old junker on the road alone at night, and Franky's little in his cowboy suit and gun guns comes out of the car to deal with the good Joe, the 8mm baby flashback The sequence of movie home. Oy, dreck such! Then on top of this drecky festu, there is a Zen crap about the Indian runner, who is a member, becomes a message, Ala Marshall MacLuhen? Look what I mean, Sean has done better than this so don't be afraid to lose this.
