I am afraid this is very good, despite a few good performances and a normal-to-do camera. It is the first and last attempt by author Soo Lyu. "Tiga and Tug" (2002) is one of the most unfortunate Canadian program products to promote household decisions. Although the program emphasizes good efforts like the "New Waterford Girl", it opens the door of an unimportant activity like Lyu who did not have the power to ring for this project but had a green light without adequate observation of its document or its characteristics. It doesn't matter the low budget because the shabby production structure, bad lighting, poor radio, and the image of the dreary docu image are similar to the issue; employees in the massage of Canada's massage. But negotiations and settings do not give the actors to do anything to work with, a very aggregate editor, or any viewer to challenge any intelligence except suspension of unbelief. When your story is more simple the last thing you need is a story story story; even though nothing happens, the film is hard to follow and the point-of-view is impossible to blow. The performance of Don McKellar as Conrad is a few publications under its similar attributes in "Exotica". Lindy Booth's Lean is its normal air rate; as always likes but here he is another one. Cindy Kira Clavell is a good surprise, a kind of Asian Shelley Duval. The only responsibility for any results, betty of Tara Spencer-Nairn's road-wise, more than erasing its best performance in the "New Waterford Girl". Its inferior performance in "Rub and Tug" should reduce any tendency to find other films that have arisen; unless you need more confirmation of the "Waterford" director of Alan Moyle's work in working with small actors. You think quickly that Lyu's reproductive brain cannot understand the concept as the hardness of the plot, so the need to insert a sluggish and blind "deus ex machina" to the end is not surprising. However, it may be even worse, a trivial story has a little logic of the inside, however that an impossible end is not as painful as it was. <br /> <br /> Then again, what do I know? I am just a child.
