If my memory is correct, when this movie was released as something of comedy - a funny look in the adult entertainment industry. If so, it should not work. It's not just that it's not funny. Putting the most important thing (since this is called comedy!) Failing aside, since I have no personal experience on this issue, I will avoid answering the authenticity of the story - relating to the actions behind the events in Toronto massage parlor, except to say that - if this is true - life is pretty light. <br /> <br /> For more than an hour, this film does not give us a lot of anything except the natural knowledge of the main characters. Conrad is a employed manager of a massage room whose primary function is to ensure that girls do not get "full service" - uphemism for real sex. For girls themselves, Betty's goal is to buy her own home so that she can run her own business, Cindy is a Canadian immigrant working to support her family at home and Lea is - well, Lea is very strange, an unknown character with a fetish fetus. - really - who seems to be in business because - well, because he is in it! I don't know what his behavior was about. The three may be the participants of the wrong group who represent the positive influence of women who are involved in this business. <br /> <br /> movie meanders up and does not give much until "twist" shows Conrad being a bad person. We should be accessed by that step earlier. The only interesting thing here was part of the story - the Conrad's secret plan and revenge on it and the girls. The retaliation plan was good, and you are grateful when you come out because it is essentially a point that you wonder why you have lost your time with this. If the story was more focused on revenge, this could be a real movie. Exercises from 4 direction were similar, although I didn't think anyone came as better. All four characters were very little. Cindy was a sympathetic character, and was also Conrad for a while, though he returns to be a bad person of the movie. In this regard, there is a little bit amazing (and what is an obstacle to the same area.) In fact, there is even some air of guilt near many of these things. For the overall quality of the film, it is a low-budget effort, which suggests, although you expect a certain severity, I think, of the movie set in the physical environment is moving, so it is forgiven. In fact it says something, however, that this was released 8 years ago now and it is still only credit on the author-director of Soo Lyu and - due to a general lack of depth in the Canadian film industry - that was not even seen to be deserves the appointment of any Genie award - the Canadian edition of Oscars. 4/10 - and I'm a little too much for that.
