This kind of story is unacceptable The only reason for this film is anywhere more than 5 stars between 10 lines is because it has George Lucas behind it, and has the words "Star" and "War" in its head. That's hate for filmmakers, and many others out there who have made the best film with the best stories, writing and acting, but they did not get credit. This is destruction. <br /> <br /> First things first. Stories. Change Anakin? Nothing. In addition to doing little on the eyes, and blowing a bit, no. He becomes a young, stupid, cocky Anakin Skywalker for Darth Vader for one blow. The only thing about Darth Vader in the previous series was his mind, how good he was almost everything he did, planning, fighting, that name. The only thing about Anakin that is available in the prequel trilogy is its unstable ignorance. He even loses his body because of stupid ignorance. What part of King Palpatine to tell Sith's stories does not mean for the King to be Sith? Unacceptable! <br /> <br /> Combat events used twice as digital. Everyone jumps everywhere like teddy bears in a house to believe doll house. Numbers Dooku, King Palpatine, Anakin, Obi-Wan, almost every fighter had a double-flying football. In one battlefield, Obi-Wan and Anakin in war wars, both really stop in the middle of the ceremony and chains, to beat their sabers a few times when inch away. I realize the fight is choreographed, but that just got me trembling head for unbelief and neglect. <br /> <br /> Writing was bad. All discussions were of very low quality. The best actors like Ewan McGregor and Natalie Portman did better with their lines, but that wasn't enough. I can't say bad things about this film. The most serious side effects, the bigger holes than the center of the universe, and there is no comprehensive knowledge of any characters. This is the biggest mistake of this film: nothing new is offered. We know the bad picture of everything, both Lucas did it color. We knew Anakin lost his limbs. We knew Luke and Leia were brothers and sisters, we knew Luke was the son of Anakin, we knew Obi-Wan and Yoda to go into exile, we knew everything. Nothing new is available in this film. If all the fans wanted, then that's good, Lucas could not go against it. <br /> But when Anakin finally becomes Darth Vader, and asks after Padme, and when he hears that he is dead, he gets out his hands suddenly and screams "Nooooooooooooooooooooo." The area screamed the B-movie along the way, and half I expected Darth Vader to go to "DANGER WILL ROBINSON, DANGER" at any time. That's this. B-movie, hidden by a large budget and a fan-ultraistist base that will live with anything now that the first two films have broken their levels under the holes of the Earth.
