Well, finally I noticed. I didn't go when it came out because because, in fact, I was really scared. Fear of being bad can be, or how terrible. While it's not as bad as shock, and better than the clones, it didn't remember exactly, or satisfactory. I was 11 years old when I saw Star Wars. I remember still sitting in the theater. From a walk to the opening for the last credit was the experience of the film I never forget. A fictional story of a bored boy who knows only that he had more meaning, saving the princess and the galaxy from the danger of evil when led by a wise magician, pirate of rogue and various comic aid - all in space-spa put. It does not punish Lucas by using the old form. It's an old formula correctly because it works. And with his talent, he gave them new changes that made it special. Then came the Empire and the story became more than a story story. Darkness has gone into the picture and we have learned one of the great works of the film all the time. The main striker, Vader was Luke's father. Wow, no one has seen that come. Of course, I'm sure neither Lucas had spoken on the screen. Go back and look at Star Wars again. Find out what you know now, especially with the first three-dimensional look, see if you are really trying. It brings me the trouble I have. Revenge is a movie of entertainment - a great impact, a lot of actions, some good events of fighting. But the movie is still crowding or dying on its plot - a story telling. Oh, of course, a very good acting hero can save a weak plot, but a weak plot with a bad acting - that's a burden no winner can win, it's certainly not as bad as I should recognize George Lucas is (The man has managed to lead some of the worst displays in their work from other good actors - Liam Neeson, Natalie Portman, Samuel Jackson). ***** SPOILERS AHEAD ******* * Poor. Oh my. To understand, he has already been injured by what happened in the first two films so it's a wonderful burden. One very much for him to win. We have a natural feeling. We have Anakin found as a child on Tatooine, a brand of birth, wonderful - "chosen". In fact, these details are not available. Indeed, the closest definition is the investigation of Yoda that maybe they were right. Oh, well, right. Our error. Now, this wunderkind is becoming a creator of C3PO. Hey, it's a coincidence. And he will return to Tatooine and never know he was from there? Wow! How about it. Trying to stop the old age of unbelief there, eh George? However, we have this bright, stupid child, screaming, persuading young adults, who somehow should be one of the most criminals in the history of Cinematic - a great tragedy of Darth Vador - a good man who falls from grace, just to reach finally the redemption at the end. How are you, you should ask, does this happen? Why, he has a dream that his wife will die during childbirth. Now, of course, he lives in a civilization that takes the gravity as we touch gasoline, but does it happen "one dark one" maybe look and a doctor causes perhaps, perhaps perhaps, this future society could do something about this problem? Why, no, the only thing that he can think to do is go to kill children because a bad person in the root of all the evil they were exposing two films tells him that he has a mystery of immortality. Certainly, of course he does. Sheesh. Can Lucas expect us to look at that foolishness and relocate to it? Can anyone expect us to take care? Hell, why one needs this brat to be saved or redeemed at first place. I wanted Kenobi to kill him not because he was evil, but because he was stupid. <br /> <br /> Oh, by the way, Amidala eventually dies. In delivery. Why? Well, they don't know. Doctor, who is a droid and his highest indicator of technology that this society has continued, offers only the conclusion of "he has lost a living life". Well, oh, alright, of course he has. Maybe he finally realized what dweeb was lying. <br /> <br /> But here we are. We have Kenobi now for all this. He knows about Luke's birth and Leia. He knows who their father is and knows what happens to them. He knows, too, the role of R2 and C3PO. However, for several years, as Luke reaches humanity and shows with 3PO and R2 (for amazingly, the 3PO's mind feeds, but not R2's - why? was built by someone who believed to be "chosen" and learned by the King himself, and who appeared only on this planet, says "amazing, I don't remember to possess any droids". <br /> <br /> Oh good sad. It is just as Lucas just did it on he went on. Once he told VAder as Luke's father, sadly, the story began to turn out without control because he DIDN'T KNOW WHAT IS IN THIS. The set of Events 1-3 is just incomprehensible. No Palpatine has made any sense of wisdom at all. And there is no connection in the story that was originally told in Star Wars. <br /> <br /> It's after learning, and it seems. <br /> <br /> I can't give this film a high score. It reminds me of Triple X. a fun film watch, but it is not quite possible. Star Wars will stand in my mind forever. Amazingly, this, and the last two, will soon die.
