At one time, Violet (Lucy Liu) tells Neil (Cillian Murphy) why she always wants for adventure. He said "because I am bearing-phobic". It means that he cannot continue his life by doing unnecessary activities. Well, I think its reason and how this film goes is very amazing. Because "Watching Followers" is a passion for pleasure. Is there any of these characters doing something exciting at once? Neil is a geek who runs his usual video shop. She and her other friends of geek usually hang around the shop and watch the movies together while discussing them later. But Neil's life has been completely changed when Violet walks in her shop. She is a female woman who hides a little secret from him. However, after a certain date, they decide to see. The problem is Violet is a person who keeps making a joke of prank on Neil and can't do something normal, while Neil is completely different from her. The question is. Will they be in love at the end? You are a bet. <br /> <br /> "Watching defenders" is a romantic-comedy cliché for its foundation. And they did even worse by pretending to be something else. From the first two set-up, we know that Neil is a good man who was beaten back who did not do anything. And then, Violet enters the area, looking at everything wrong and offensive. So at this point, we all know that we're going to stay though all the useless conditions know how they will go to the end. What? It's worth waiting? I would like to say no. <br /> <br /> As I said, they tried to give something more to the audience. "Watching Followers" is trying to talk about volunteering. Explore how people go away to achieve what they desire. We knew finally that false things that Violet has done is all the test how far Neil is ready to win his heart (or whatever). Well, I think it's quite complicated. This movie will end as soon as Neil told himself "Remember about it, that girl is one of the nutjob!" After collaborating with most recent directors ("Sunshine" of Danny Boyle and "28 Days Later", Ken Loach's "Winds of Barley Wind" and "Jordan Food Foods" of Neil Jordan, the name of Cillian Murphy doing the movie and one of the Broken Lizard comedy troop, Paul Soter. By all means, He is not bad (as usual), but the talented actor as he should not waste his time in this film. His work is a mess. I mean it is everywhere and so over-top. Tony Montana would have been proud of it. with his head, and then you will come to think that it doesn't mean anything. br> BloodyMonday Ra ting: 1.5 / 4
