WARNING: This audit contains SPOILERS. Do not read if you do not want to be exposed to some points before watching the movie. <br /> <br /> To be cast like this, you wonder if artists and artists do not know exactly what they entered. What? They saw the script and said, 'Heyesha, Connect to the Third Type was hit if this can't fail.' Unfortunately, it does. What? Did they even consider exploring the qualities of the director? I mean, would you make a film with a movie director called 'Sheerleaders of Satan'? 'Greydon Clark, who would later lead the' Final Decision 'of pride, did this. It makes you wonder how the people of the Mystery of Secrecy Science 3,000 can strengthen the 'Last Law' and miss the most 'Return. '<br /> <br /> Movies installed in a small town in New Mexico. The boy and the little girl missed one night when a powerful mirror that appears on the scene and around them. It is probably the worst series of film effect, the ship provides some kind of red ink on them. It seems like Clark had made a village of water from the lens of the camera and put his fishing pen in it, so it was once dealt with cheese. However, the ship leaves and adults do not believe children. Elsewhere, we see Vincent Schiavelli, who I think is a sharp actor (see its scenes in the 'Ghost' for confirmation, whether they are better), who plays the player, or as I called him, 1949 player. his dog is put in by ship. Twenty-five years pass, and the girl has become a Cybill Pastor, who works with her father, Raymond Burr, studying abnormal weather events. Or something like that. Pastor incredible events in satellite pictures on the beautiful city of New Mexico, and he travels to the study. Once there, the retired local people persecute him, and charged with the recent genocide, and deputy Jan-Michael Vincent helps him. From this point, the film pulls like two falling fast, especially after Vincent wards away from the locals and telling Pastor that he was a young boy who saw the ship at the age of twenty-five years earlier. While this aggressive aggression is happening, Vincent Schiavelli, along with his dog killers on his side, walks around and kills the cattle and any people who come in with odd products. Do you know the pieces of packed plastic that are kept by the ignorant-or-characters in Halloween, the kind that touches them to make them shine? Schiavelli uses what looks like one of these sticks to burn instructions to people. It is the second most impact on the movie. Every time Schiavelli is on the screen with a light stick, the scene of the scene changes suddenly, as the creators of the film thought the light stick needed to strengthen. Approaching the movie will appear even cheaper than it is. <br /> And all this leads to what? It is difficult to say when the last area, the confusion is reaching. See, Burr and his team of scientists are trying to describe satellites pictures that the Pastor got as a kind of a 'call card,' but none of them means. Why the Pastor and Vincent age and Schiavelli do not? Schiavelli explains why he kills cattle and people and why he wants Pastor to die, but even that doesn't mean much when you think about it. I mean, why didn't he kill Jan-Michael Vincent? After all, he was twenty-five years old. And strangers will not need him as a dead Pastor, why not try to kill him? Speaking of visitors, unknown what they really wanted from Pastor and Vincent. What is their goal? Why are they waiting for a long time to intervene? How could they be that very sure Shepherd to return? It is not that the answer to any of these and other questions would make the 'Return' again interesting. You would still have bad lines, acting very badly, especially with Pastor, the effects of cheesy, and bad trends. Fortunately, stars have fled from this film. Pastor of Cybill recently began to star in the 'Moonlighting' and Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent continued to be made in many B movies, often in the top. Raymond Burr made a bunch of Perry Mason television movies to his death. Vincent Schiavelli continued to be a good actor in a large number of films. Martin Landau, who played the kooky law enforcement officer, quickly made 'the sole' in the dark 'and' Evil 'Presence before entering the films that have become popular recently. You can ring no one of these stars will need their work to return to 'Return. 'Zantara logo: 2 out of 10.
