<br /> <br /> The movie "Slugs" is unique because the verular vermin is really good people in this horrible story of nature gone awry. You see, these poor slugs have been beaten through human pollution and do not mean to do anything wrong, they are only slugs- slugs and sharp teeth that eat meat and cause poison, but no slugs are less. They are the worst of humanity, who are struggling to destroy our beloved slugs, or ignore them when they meet them. For example, take a place where the boy puts on the slugs full of glove. They were standing outside on a good job while without this great hand came to them, and they responded equally, defending themselves and telling the man. Now, instead of looking for a slug bite, this boy runs around with his dirty screaming as idiot, pollutes some of the very strong chemicals, starts burning, draws the top book on himself, and eliminates his own hand - then fire and chemical the fragile mixes with his house evaporates. How can you complain that on slugs? This video shows a picture of human beings that is not recommended. The characters in this movie include a dumb sheriff who hates everyone, a drunken drunk who is meant for his dog, and a lumpy sidekick whose wife is at least forty-five years older than him. There is also a set of teenagers covered in the trap, and we should see the long-term secret of the smell of the skin. Meanwhile, there is someone who looks like Leslie Neilson who has a demon who says "You have no authority to announce a happy birthday!" for some reason. Finally, this unfolding of dirt is rounded by a boy from the classic Mst3K "Pod People" whose face rises after eating slug-laces salad (eventually avoided easily punished by help slugs, regardless). People are shown as greedy, ignorant, racist, drunken, and, in one unimportant, if they would be-fighters. In the cinema area, people are trying to burn slugs who are very hard at the sewage of water, Well, since they are fighters, human beings are successful in GIVING IN TOWN. They alone do more damage than the slugs they did! If you hate men, and I know I do, you'll enjoy "Slugs". If you are a fan of bad movies, you will also appreciate this from the director of "Pieces" and "People's Pod". There is enough adequate action, silly dialogue, loss of tribal conspiracy, special losses, trivial events, and poor dubbing to consider.
