Kubrick meets King. It seemed so promising back in the spring of 1980, I remember. Then the movie came out, and the Kubrick's artisan had been fighting the King's followers since then. The King's Pastors say Stanley Kubrick took a great story of horror and destroyed it. Kubrick pastors should not be told about the King's story. They say about steadicams, track shots, camera angles. This is a film, insisting: It should be observed alone. If it happens, all camps are correct. Unfortunately. If someone is looking at it as a mixture of the King's novel, "Shining" is really a failure, a lost opportunity, a series of gambits of the stories. I was blaming you for the Kubrick screens. Author Diane Johnson (Le Ndoa correspondent, L'Affaire, Le Divorce, etc.) has a reputation as a writer of social behavior. Perhaps he was chosen for his cunning skills of marriage or family. But the small blue-collar of the Sidewinder, Colorado is not on any map in its world of Francophile. Kubrick Anglophile has probably found him, however He, without \ t of course, is a real author. And taken to its own reputation, its screenplay of "Shining" - and its Mishmashi of odd psychology, rationalism, supernaturalism, and reincarnation meaning - just do not stand for logical analysis. I intend to consider the "Shining" of Kubrick for its own terms. I have even a desire to take it as something other than the usual movie of the horror-genre. But it is not as effective as learning the nature of separation, isolation, or spirituality. Facing any way, a very good film falls off. <br /> <br /> What! The Overlook Hotel Overlook is real? Or do you? It is not just in mind - first as an attack on the scorn of Danny Torrance less, then as his father's show? One view is how at any time Jack Torrance seems to speak to the "spirit" actually looking at the mirror. One of the details of how a hotel of the topiary-hedge hotel of the visible hotel shows that it appears to have been beaten, caused by the psyche. But things are very deep. But if the true "ghosts" of Overlook are obviously disgusting to Jack Torrance, then who let the jack Jack out of the walk to the kitchen-kitchen kitchen to the closet, so that he can go on his wind rampage pressure? And anyone can describe, with the same face, that black-and-white images (written with help "1921") of Nicholson as a selected-choice party that comes out of the left field and entering the wall hotel-ballroom during the closing seconds of films? What? We are carefully concluding that the worst Crazyess of Jack Torrance is derived from some kind of experience of "old life"? (And when you finish it, since the new born again people should be real physical replicas of their own past) <br /> <br /> Maybe Kubrick didn't care about its storyline. Maybe just wanted to erase the feeling of fear. In any case, the film tries to beat its story bets - have both, wise and unusual ways. As a result, the story is aggressive. This movie has not changed with age, and it certainly does not improve for regular viewing. I don't want that short time of fear, claustrophobia, and a common shortage spreading over this long, long film. But those Elevators of bathing 'Blood, a regular appearance in a little vision of Danny, are wonderful and interesting. With wonderful lines of Jack Torrance ("Wendy, I am home!" And "JOHNNY of Heeeeeere!") Just causes a sharp tension of movies and losing its energy story. (I know: I sat in the theater and heard the audience laugh at the comic aid: "Whew! Enjoy we shouldn't take these things seriously!") Finally, Kubrick is a sea - or perhaps quite - during those events that Wendy surrounds an empty hotel when her husband tries to accuse your son. Foyer full of female visitors, all sitting there dead in their party hats? Yikes, now I'm very scared. <br /> <br /> Due to the beauty of Jack Nicholson over the years, one can only assume that only gave a combination of eyes-rolling, wiggling-wiggling, scenery-chomping performance that the director wanted. The performance of Shelley Duvall, as a female type of Don Knotts in "Ghost and Mr. Chicken," is better to pass in silence. <br /> <br /> This movie doesn't fit - it's not like reform, it's not for its own terms. Probably 3 out of 10, but I give 1 because it's been a GROTESQUELY tested more on this platform.
