I am a great fan of Lucio Fulci; Many of its Giallo and splicks of splatter are among my favorites all the time, but this made for TV movies is very small and not what I expect from the general director of Italy. The film is not suitable, like some of Fulri's Giallo's tame more, or it looks like most of its cult group; so stop that it does not exist in two major areas, and ultimately ensures that the film is not very good. The film works from a plot that has been used many times before, but it is still the idea that it always has the opportunity to produce just interesting stories because it focuses on the post-life, which is the last known. This film focuses on Giorgio Mainardi; a person who does not love well and after the death of the abdomen of the abdomen, there are not many people who are sad to see him go. This means that her soul is closed somewhere between life and after life, and so she decides to try and reach her death, and her sole partner in this effort is her daughter. that I got this film about fun that the film is "in the style of HP Lovecraft", and that is one of the most beautiful experiments of selling the film I ever saw. Nothing even reminiscent of the great author of fear in this story, and the date of that date will appear to be because of the similarity to the Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft film, 'From More' - which is better. The film benefits the Italian style, and the logo is very good. Unfortunately, however, Fulci said it would be appropriate to attract every area in it - and so the theme quickly becomes angry. This plan is seen in a very realistic way, and most of the event involves the soul 'largely' trying to find things, or the daughter puts her charges on her family members. This movie was done for the Italian TV, and so it is not surprising that all has been disturbed. There is a bit of gore and a series of dreams and zombies; but this is not Fulci we know and love. In general, this film is very big and not a good representation of Fulci's talent. It's not worth bothering, unless you're perfect Fulci.
