Now I am a B form of a film but this piece of rubbish is totally insulting me. The first of the movies is the brother of Lizzy McGuire's brother as a little child who is looking for his lost 3 lost dog. Now please what kind of dumb ass of three-legged dogs to crochet god mutned mutated please ask you? And it reduces another step of reflection, why do they show Dinocroc behind the movie box to be big and real in the water? I believe if memory uses something spent about 2.6 minutes in water and was shy of 6 feet long, which was a broken heart. But the attributes of redemption for this movie were so bad that I almost died because you believe that the worst was the cause of death. But the fact remains that once again this is made up of another military testing site to teach many crocodiles by combating the military or something like that from the source of all negative things E.V.I.L Corporation. And let us forget the characters we see we have left # 1 as a male and half-honored chicken (who does not know how to act) as a leading woman for that I say WOW! Any worse thing when acting was the end of doubt the heroes spend on what seemed like 2 hours talking and planning a long way to kill the dinocroc just to have failed and kill in a natural way that can be taken over 15 seconds to come with. All in this movie was all gay and his music random opera back to the fact that perhaps it was the gayest of all the CGI monsters ever made with the fact it was undoubtedly locked by the bombing (otherwise it will not have been done by the military DUH! ). In a more favorable way it was when the brothers of Lizzy McGuire runs into the shade and dinocroc grows to lead his head approved by the increased noise I can add. I believe that you would be better off suicide among the eyes and watch Dinocroc. And for the director I believe that we should get a group of people to trust him in shape and they all run to catch him in the hippo by losing the hour and half of our lives until he finally dies and then I can go live.
