"Sort B" is largely and the numbers are selected except for one thing. I was surprised that it was still shameful. Jon Cryer is a "star" of this film and plays its most common, stupid, typical, which is very interesting in "Pretty In Pink" and has NOT been amusing since then. Refusal did not even begin to describe his performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a player, tough, a struggling player who (gasp!) Is worried about his hair and getting put. Talk about stock behavior ... ugh. Of course three other characters are involved. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest plays a couple of foundation, optimistic, caring, who are struggling to get pregnant. Since they are not acting white players, however, their roles seem to be boring and do not get enough screen time. Sara Mornell walks out of stripes to play Gina, your beautiful and beautiful woman who can be seen as the right partner in love. I have seen this practice a million times before but at least its performance overcomes some of the shortcomings that are caused by the predictable state of its condition. What prompted this film was the promotion of the youth of fraud. They developed the Russian character for the sole purpose of mocking and humiliating the way he said. He was shown to be wild, ignorant and very strange. They were only getting warm even though they were commonly gay. Gina decides to be gay for a while because they are not lucky with boys. True. That's not bad unless they went further when Gina brought the lesbians to the Christmas party his friends were throwing. His lesbians had short hair (if I am sure that all lesbians are doing). It was also very interesting (if I am sure that all scholars are doing) when Gina had the courage to wear lipstick (!). Finally, her date goes around the party that is close to every woman there and the mouth when Gina expresses her desire. Of course, we all know how gay people can't stay faithful for a couple of hours under months or even years, right? (Please check the filters in this description. Thank you.) This video was due to a weak and predictable Power to start with the invisible Cryer function and the sounding of the mirror drives this movie to the depth under the cinema. 2/10
