Imagine that in changing the James Bond novels to the film, the filmmakers removed all the steps and stopped to make it a child. Or if a television producer told Chris Rock he could not fight for his specialists to be tested for PG. In the same way, the film director "Something Wrong This Way" comes an excited and welcoming melodrama to a small audience. This made an unintentional plot without the problems of the book. In trying to make the story of "Something Wrong This Way Comes" easy for children to follow, filmmakers removed the good and all the evil that exists for everyone, and good always prevails over evil. This appears in the behavior change of Will, the rescue of Jim Halloway's Jim, and the defeat of karni. <br /> <br /> What! The change to a more fun boy has been shaken on the film. The Dust Witches Tour The house in the balloon is cut off from the film. Instead, the green mist follows Jim and Will go home and give them the same bad dream on the witch and his spider. The balloon attacks show us that Will will overcome his fear of doing things alone. It gets on the neighboring roof with tears of balloon and bow, defeat the witch. "Sorry, Father, he thought, and sat down, thrilling. This time I am out, alone," He will take decisions when he prepares to see him. The film shows many examples of There will be a fear of following Jim, but it will not be curious as his friend. In this book, Will he have a good, quiet side and "evil," a lasting side like his Jim. In the movie, each boy has one way of thinking, which destroys the theme of Bradbury's being good and bad for everyone. In the book, Will save Jim for their friendship, but, in the movie, Charles Halloway saves Jim to pay Jim's father. Will dismiss Jim on the platform in Bradbury's novel because he doesn't want his friend to grow without him. It's good at Will, the fact that he cares about his friend, that saves Jim from the bad curse of carnival. On the platform, Jim "caused his other hand free through the wind, one part of him, small, white, different parts that still remember their friendship" (269.) This shows that there was a good left inside Jim, which has The ability to still win evil. But when Charles Halloway saves Jim in the cinema, he does pay off the debt he had with Jim, who rescued It when he was a little boy. By changing the pressure to save Jim, film artists have destroyed the original idea of ​​Bradbury that it takes good to win against evil. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, the festival is defeated by a hurricane and lightning instead of smiles and laughter. When the book ends, Mr. Giza returns to be a little boy and Charles Halloway says and laughs so much that he can't stand up and spread. In the world of Bradbury, evil people bring fear and they can only defeat the joy and love. His message is that good will always prevail over evil, but only as the goodness appears. "Good for evil seems to be bad," says Charles Halloway as he is with Mr. Giza dead. "So I will only do good to you, Jed. I will only take care of you and look at you." By removing the weapons of laughter and exciting, the film representatives claim that bad weather is the best way to win evil, if the lightning beat those who are bad. This takes the main head of the book of Bradbury, which is doing "good" towards other ward cut off from evil. <br /> <br /> Good can always win over evil, but trying to make more kid-friendly movies will continue to always powerful artists to leave some themes from books that depend on. In the film, "Something Wrong This Way Comes," Will not change, Friendly Friendship can not save Jim, and exciting and laughter do not win the ban. As a result, film artists have dropped too many items from Bradbury. The book revision process is also often damaging the author's world. In the case of this story, the terrible world of Bradbury's anti-evil forces have been reduced to a tamer, the most simple version.
