Before you start, you need to know that I am a great fan of many films of Sonny Chiba. His series of biography of his master's life, Mas Oyama, was remarkable and among the best military films made, as was his many Fighter films. The move was not to stop and for the exceptional discrimination of Bruce Lee (according to whom you ask), he was the greatest military expert during the 1970s. in the checking process). Unfortunately, in spite of my love of these films, I am not a minded zombie who worships the person to the extent that I measure ALL film 10. There are new comments like this here on IMD and I think anyone The film 10 should be ignored because this is such a bad film from a technical perspective and not close to Chiba's best work. The 10 mark is not a real rating - it's a zombie fan trying to give information about Chiba, not this film! As I said, this film is really bad. Some of this was the result of seeing my American opinion, and its useless and dubbing introduction. But many problems still had a original Japanese copy. The camera function is just angry - as it was with chimps (smart fibers, but still climbing). Often, much of the immediate action of martial arts has been lost because the camera is slow or heads of administrators heads are examined due to the shoddiness of production. And, from time to time, camera cameras inside and out as a new toy used by idiot as well as editing are more than trouble - and cuts made haphazardly and confused. <br /> <br /> I don 'We know if the music mark is natural or not - but it was too, too bad. Such as the 1970s rocky rock mixed with the Ennio Morricone music of "Spaghetti West" - you were sad, bothered and just plain. <br /> <br /> On the military side, the choreography would have improved little things. Instead of major fighting events you would like to watch the movie of Chiba, the fight is very short and often missed by the camera! So what you have left with stories ... and this can only be the worst part of the film! It should be a anti-drug film from Sonny Chiba as .... Sonny Chiba! And when the film begins, he promises to destroy the drug business in Japan. But, Mafia (complete and not one member who looks Italian, but who are all of the Japanese) promises to stop Chiba. And, when a woman comes to Chiba with promises to give her information about how to destroy drug trafficking, she agrees to help her and risk her life - no matter how much she knows about what she knows! In fact, later it seems to be trying to use Chiba to protect him when he sells himself a great hat full of cocaine - and keeps trying to protect him! This does not mean all the time and in many parts of the film it looks like they just hit the film without the script - just as they went to the bars and squares and had Chiba walking like that was drunk. <Br /> <br /> So if it's bad, why is still 3? Yes, there are first many martial arts films (such as many from Hong Kong in the 1970s) - including one with boys wearing gorilla suits to make kung fu and their three-legged pedestrians who used to fight (now THAT'S SOMETHING). Secondly, when the action is very bad compared to other Sonny Chiba films, compared to people of his day, it is not bad. Still, you can do more easily than this small film. The way, if you wonder if this is the worst movie of Sonny Chiba, certainly not! In one of his first films, PEOPLE'S TIME, Chiba plays a great-hero hero who fights with the head of the Neptune head. It's too bad to be opponents PLAN 9 FROM THE SPACE GRACE AND THE HITLER'S HITLER'S BECAUSE OF BECAUSE. Remember to last for parents - Like many Sonny Chiba movies, this is very violent and has its own part of the boobies. Don't allow young children to watch this regardless of how much they ask! They enable them to become adults before they are able to watch film-rated karate movies!
