That is one of the most popular martial arts movies I have ever seen, and that says something. Chant's viva Chiba, viva Chiba is heard in the head, soon you will feel yourself stupid, stupid. The basic story is that mafia runs drugs in Japan and one stops one stop, of course is our son Sonny Chiba. The Karate Lord offers its services to anyone who can report on drug lords. The woman comes forward and becomes a watchman, but what are the real goals? Let me say this while he cares? Recently we are treated or tortured by a series of evil choreographed fights and stories of cripples that become more and more more at all. Sonny will finally evict bad people for his Karate skills, the end of the story. Laam, the woman was also corrupt. Congratulations you may have watched the funniest film ever. <br /> <br /> As explained already this is one of the most martial arts movies I have ever seen. What makes it seem to be half seen is to see how films are made wrong. Some have already mentioned an incredible introduction to the United States. That's the most entertaining part of the film and it's more funny. I would like to agree with its value just to see how the martial arts scene 70 was at that time. See if the Bank of Aaron has left the boy sent by his nuts and then hits the fat student (bad editing) to hit the throat. But everything has been done wrong in this film. The terrible horrific war, fake I mean the fake blood, the worst act, dubbing, wardrobe, and we should not forget the story. One man taking any drug problem in the country? I am bet. Fighting after the fight is laughable. This was 70 years when people believed that martial arts were the most effective in the fight, but Chiba brings them to new levels and some of the wrongs put in this film. Let's see he is rifling for half, he hit the guy so hard that it looks like his teeth come out and of course cutting the bottle area, give me a break. Not to mention the fact that it is very difficult to tell what is happening in the fight because it has been done so badly. One part that was exciting was when he broke the hands of the boy through the door to give him a fracture of the compound. OK. As the progress goes, we are treated with blood lesions, a real fake blood. It also says it seems unlikely to be done and reduced. Acting is not entirely in this film. I don't expect much from this film of this caliber however if the action is good, but it was not as expected to be dubbing is very poor. Was it my thought or came to Asia to go to the dancer with black smell? As expected from the 70 wardrobe you will be in the laughing stitches in some trends with bad women giving you for freeous nudity come with these flicks. Also why the mafia would be obvious and all where black dress hats and hats all the time? Don't try to hide now. The characters were also ignorant. One of the owner of a pimp club who is bound in a Japanese pimp suit and another who has a taste of the head of the bores looks like a hippie oil. Also one last thing that distorted me in the film was a music and a whaling woman. It was very angry. This is generally a horrible film and military artistic standards and good film decisions. That doesn't mean that it's not entertainment. For this film it is impossible to laugh in many of these films, if you can swell. This was the old look with my good friend. If it was so bad I could give one star, but it drops the drops. 4 out of 10.
