Lil Bush is a 30-minute show of a shop with 2 minutes of minutes shown on Comedy Central. It takes place in the fictional concept, Washington D.C., and puts closer to the representation of the daughters of George W. Bush, Condoleeza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheyney. Other politicians are also suffering in the same way, and acting as small actors. Bush's little experiment, with the expectation of this provider, has proved to be a non-copper and esoteric production, which can not give its clear promise: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. Although one should take that the premise of the show has some characteristics, although it would be difficult to imagine a basic foundation based on the transfer of one political perspective would survive to continue to produce events after its office term, which could be described only as the best player , and very bad at worst, has led to less likely to show it. Lil Bush, which can be programmed as "satire", tends to refuse the actual use of a particular comedy tool to focus on its goals for unique barriers (but not natural, entertaining, or funny). Frequent weaknesses of weakness tend to be more than recording Bush / Cheney's hearing elsewhere ad nauseam and keeping them all in one 30-minute television region. Therefore, most of the jokes that were presented by the authors had no disgrace clichés, some of which were in public circles for more than 6 years already. In comparison with Vice President for Darth Vader, for example, it might be funny in the first 300 times he heard on Daily Show / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno monologue / any night-talk-show-show - every, but it's not funny here. If that was not enough, the showgrounds appear to be just like a way to develop the old Bush joke, which causes the concerns that the authors have made the software center. <br /> <br /> In the show of the show, when authors try to write in the original joke (which appears to be a rarity) they are often humorous. If the show would extend its depth somewhat, and put its characters in a new situation, the foreign situation, instead of the same past mistakes and "quagmires" developed by Bush administration, therefore do not necessarily depend on the old Bush joke on and again, the show can be considered to be acceptable, and maybe even creative. Finally, it is difficult to prove which deficit causes a series of Lil Bush more damage; its clear lack of nature and the quality of the weak writing, or its very good prospects. It is wise to expect that Lil Bush will be able to maintain a limited number of left-wing fans, that is, if they can endure very poor text; as long as the program continues to strengthen Bush administration completely. However, many viewers will soon recognize the plan of what is true, the weak and non-destructive satire, and they seek out the search for a great stimulus mentality; Prices are Right, perhaps.
