Well I had a great hope of this movie of Carnosaur just because it seemed like sequels were getting better if they went out. I did as Carnosaur 2 better than 1. I thought this was new and it should be better? Okay ... I learned quickly I was wrong. I was very confused and cast. They returned to Rick Dean for another observer behavior by Michael MacDonald as a police officer. At present for Rick Dean lol, in Carnosaur 2 I thought he fits a very good role and was not really angry with him, now in Carnosaur 3 wow put him as an elite soldier. Now we start getting goofy here. Modern actually started very well with the fight with good guns and dinos run out there a little freezer trucks, but only the team Scott Valentines showed us had a romantic comedy mix with very funny performances from retinoed and floppy dinosaurs. br> <br /> I will start with the first raptors, they had tails at the bottom, which in the second was on the air which looked more common to dinosaur which could run up to 50-60 mph. Now as they were running around and returning and the heads did not go completely. there were hands on the scene and since they were shot so much and their director seemed to be ignorant and out of place. T-rex was very sad, it would be better to use one from the previous 2 movies. At least that one seems to be awesome. The one in this film appeared as it was always exciting. The feet when you walked was hilarious, as was john wayne in the old all the hardest and hardest things. LOL something else I found was that the hands did not move, they had been stuck close to her body so it seemed and apparently (God the effects of the sound was bad) disappeared !!! Now if I was a director and realized that I had this working and maybe I'd try to try a little to hide the truth. For the remaining film, this was a military and louder team I saw. The weapon they used was not relevant to the situation. They had a hand to hand in the warehouse where the guests were around, now I was surprised at this area because I thought that at that time ignorance was going on that Dinos would come in and cause some damage. Instead the director spent 7 minutes of our time. I would like to watch this film as 3 movie dinosaur movies. You have tried the military, lost dinosaurs, and you have good 83 minutes to spend your day looking at this. <br /> Now I don't say I didn't look at this, bc actually I recommend everyone to see this film that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. It may seem like I am ignoring but I actually am playing this movie for what it is. Is it a great pleasure to see because when you look at this you think yourself, "did the director really do this thing with great weight?"
