In fact I do fail to see the real value of this movie. Not enough to be hilarious. No sleaze or improper shortness (although there were many opportunities). No error. There is no doubt in the first hour of the movie "because there are many ways of tourism to have a party and the locals are playing funky ethnic music. The last part was true often many times: You see these people hitting congas and" jembés 'and really what you hear (badly) in the sound of the voice, but also added this bass-line line to the sound of the voice. So, where was the bass player? One time the locals get angry and start killing tourists. ? It must be because the evil white people build this tourist guide, which according to their stories stirred the wrath of god-alligator-god (I actually missed the details of it.) But the locals did help for several months to build a tourist complex and why in the hell were able to push the helicopter into the water? This is all silent and useless. see it. When one of our leading couples visit this cave which an old man, a whole-year-old, lives. The only action for the area is that they make a "discovery" discovery that the killer-crocodile is actually alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what is the difference? It is great, it is done with plastic and eats people. The same for me. Alligator is the creation of silence. It is very difficult and unstable and even strikes its feet when swimming. Eyes don't even do when they are shot near. I think they didn't know 'animatronics' back in Italy during 1979. There is also a lot of stripes in the wildlife organs. I think it's stock shares. As I said, the first hour was very good and the only reason I did not turn off the movie is because my cat was lying on my slap and I didn't 't want to wake up something sweet. But the last half hour of the movie got better. Finally we will see a certain point when alligator jumps through the terrifying people who are dumbling and using them. Many entertainment (and at the same time funny) is when Alice and Daniel run van on the bridge and falls. We look at the match match match of the van van down here. Funny. But shoot well. In fact there are other good ways to travel cameras. Surprise for this type of flick. I was showing a stupid description of the end of the film, but I don't want to destroy it completely, if you decide to watch this film. My advice is to stay away from it. If you want to see the best film of alligator, then check out ALLIGATOR of Lewis Teague. I agree, that it is not Italian and not JAWS to put an end to it, but it is definitely more fun. And if you are attracted to other films made by Sergio Martino, then I recommend very entertaining 2019: TO THE NEW YORK. That is a top-over deficit of everything possible after freezing-of-movie. "Italy" and "off-offs", two words that go along very well.
