Something that has stood in my mind in this film (sad) is the introduction, where John Berlin (Andy Garcia) runs within the city. You see his Mercedes expedition on a windy road through a forest that appears to be carrying Redwood trees. It's quite good. As Andy Garcia plays the character with the last name of Berlin, well ... Andy is just an architectural / Latin for it can be approved. Maybe the caucasian father married his Spanish mother for this story? Who knows. But I can tell you that when you put in the city of the field and the cover, he comes out like tuberculosis, especially with his inspiration that opens when he gets angry. Well, I know, a great deal is the same? He is still a good actor. The head covers the serial killer who chooses its victims Jennifer. All victims are blind and destroy them. The murderer has taken hiatus but suddenly comes when the blind evidence (don't ask) appears, Helena Robertson (Uma Thurman). Thurman does a good job of playing blind man, to my surprise. When I saw Lance Henriksen played Sgt. Freddy Ross was concerned. Henriksen played in other amazing films, especially the late. I still can't forget in the movie of blood, Pumpkinhead. Berlin movies come into a small town from L.A. as a detective. He begins to investigate the genocide of Jennifer after finding parts of the body in the inner zone. His ability to discover one of the victims was a blind man who seemed to be unconscious. Also the rebellion of * SPOILER * the murder of Freddy, and recording and identical name. I was so confused about the logic of how there were "Jennifers" eight. And the cause of the killer as a shock just did not have many packs of punch. By watching, this film is probably the most realistic of life in showing a man who has no views as the ability to kill just because they started to be a little bit of time or maybe they were born to the looney fingers. John Malkovich does a great job in his Garcia investigation! Of course no one will be allowed to touch the person harder and motivate them without going outside. About the end, it's a bit of surprise, but very suitable, like Sgt. Ross killings. The murderer chooses to walk after his victim, choosing instead I think. And there are too many opportunities to kill him for ignorance. I can't destroy the very end because in spite of shakiness, it's a good surprise. Later however, perhaps you will say, as I did, "the young man was lucky!" 4/10
