Dennis Hopper is undoubtedly one of the former US actors, and it was amazing to see how he could play his role as prosecutor for the case of a child killer. Many Hopper movies have always played a psychological risk threatening a blow on things or going to kill a spree, but in this movie, Hopper tried to better put that power and feeling when carrying shields. As soon as I got into the film plot, I had some restrictions, but it was a little thing that was finally killed by the film. <br /> <br /> The concept of the film is good - not just fighters on the move to put the killer, but we get a chance to see how gangsters work in infecting the killer. Subplot of football field is kinda ignorant, but it must involve bandits in hunting killers. That's about all the good you can say about the film. Although Hopper tried to act as hard, knowledgeable street knowledge, I could not help but feel his acting was less than, and there was not enough right that he had been truly bound in the case. Redirecting was also bad - it had no sense of true film, but instead of film production on television. This is clear when group groups meet for the first time to form an elite team to hunt the killer. When the guest gangster spurs another gangster with a slow motion, the acting was weak, predictable and very uncomfortable. That's when I knew that 1 of all, that action would be sad. <br /> <br /> Then the camera was amateurish, and the events to remember or haunting the image of the little sister of the killer did not really true effect. If it was supposed to be awesome, it was not. Everyone's work was terrible, and even with the Hopper, I did not feel his character, and I wasn't very concerned about his relationship with his daughter. The last thing that hurt me most is the swat team. Once you saw the swat team in action, I was thinking, finally, it's a good thing. But I was wrong. 1 of all, the whole swat team had 4 people. That's just impossible. 2 of all, it seems that the swat team does not have training because often in the film they carry their HKA4 guns in one hand. If the murderer had hidden near the staircase and shot, these 4 idiots would have piped to bits because they were not even aiming at anything or paying attention. They should have two hands on the front of the gun, but it just looks like they won't take a job to the weight and it's just to advertise. 3, SWAT team members do not command commands such as "Keep your eyes, beware of yourself, are we good to go ... etc." In fact, they use a hand signal or have a radio. But they are shouting to each other - how should you put the killer when he can hear you coming? And above all, these people do not have a plan - it seems they just ran up and down to Turkey escape after. Finally they don't do anything. That was the last straw. I am not an expert on special forces, but primarily what I have chosen, is common sense. When observers know that the film is awesome, a very good step becomes the life of the movie - when you can't even make an effort to make a big step, the film is gone. I give 2 stars for a concept, but others cannot be counted. If you want to look at crime, don't bother with this. There is a lot of crime in the movie - but it has a lack of fun.
