Honesty falls directly into that kind of films that wish to do something great while lifting it still falls flat completely. I don't like the film, but there are no important things, such as emphasizing. There have been other attempts to make a film about computers, such as Hackers and The Net. They all lack. The incredible end of Net and Antirust seems to be the same. This film breaks is faced with one of the biggest discrepancies in view: People in the PC's most self-reliant business that thinks the number of people are living is waiting to hear the latest news about PC and software. I have worked for many companies and industries, and they all seem to be faced with an expanding view of their own importance, such as this film does. The way they started the lines of the plot was sad. Show Milo, who is allergic to death for Sesame Seed, almost one from a restaurant restaurant restaurant crossed the ignorance line. His "girlfriend" just prevented him from the death of the point. This surprises exactly how Milo could live as long as he did, struggling with the explosion of Big Mac onions and Sesame Seed seeds, since they are wearing as well, well .... Sesame seeds and Baku Big Mac. Antitrust also does not give too much trouble. Creative and predictable elements can be considered long before being disclosed (coming, is anybody injured when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), And thus damaging any value of shock. And here we have another film / story where at the end, bad people drive good people to get 'disk'. We need to terminate on this simple line of Simon for 20 years. However, I insisted. Maybe the last can be money, but no. Absolute livelihoods where we have the company's security head, someone who is considered to be evil, turns to being a good man who can bring Milo to bring down N.U.R.V CEO Gary Winston was delicious. And in fact, the news of the arrest of Gary Winston is weaker than when Hinckley or Oswald were brought into prison. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, is cutting the paperwork of character similar to Robbins played in Arlington Road. But that is best suited here in Antitrust, which should be called 'Anticlimactic' or 'Anti-Original'. In the coming years, this film will be possible to be deleted, only displayed on your third-level UHF level.
