As I watched this film I was looking at a little bit, as the plot takes very difficult issues. Using football as a setup for trouble was also an interesting approach. Unfortunately, in spite of his courage to deal with controversial issues as the clashes of culture between Islamic and western cultures, increasing the generation of conflict and hatred of homosexuals / scholars, enables you to go to the resolution for the most appropriate solution for all doubts created in The film. This leads me to the impression that the creators took on a big job for themselves, trying to feel more then they could handle. However, this does not mean that the film is one of the worst, for giving disputes where it is completely trusted and also loves. The film succeeds in engaging and enjoyable in this regard, but as described above, the authors seem to have developed very little. This has led to behavioral tendency towards the end to deal with increasing conflicts. For this to stop the ball when the creators can actually show the wisdom to take the film on another level of thanks. Even if the film is not suitable for actually trying a great drama, the settings have a lot of potential in the plot becomes desperate when the "drops of the ball". In this way the film begins to be a good comedy and encountered by a common cliché that becomes ridiculous in its fun-ending. There was nothing left in Hollywood as it ended. So even if the story deals with someone can abdomen a large amount of montages, one can not help but looks at the eyes towards the resolution. Of course I was close to shouting "finished already!" on screen. There was some respect to act in the film, and the two midwife characters had a good time. So their parents and other characters did so. However, a good Irish coach was a piece of embarrassing practice, which allows the film to be quite low in terms of originality. He was not found even very visible, but rather he was involved with his good deeds, which makes the intervention of girls seem to have little problems. I am giving you a 4 film, as it was an engaging story and they wanted a good view of reaching a lesson from. Script and cast had many reliable characters, giving viewers the opportunity to identify themselves or others. If the values ​​were not despair, I would like to give you a 7 or 8 film. Enjoying this film, I would like to recommend the film "East is East", which I think is good, if not the best delivery of cultural conflicts, as well as amusing and participating.
