My girl has a tendency to go to Blockbuster and choose no movies anyone has ever heard about. Actually, sometimes, it has caused some fun. Often, the best that can be mentioned is definitely run at half and a half. He brought home "Advice From the Generation He was happy because the box said it was funny. Lucky for us, propaganda on the boxes does not give false. it is one of those movies where, unless you are a smart person who is interested in watching movies about yourself, you will hate every character in the movie. in such a way, in the real world, it would expel anybody away from it. Then, it meets a good, intelligent, mature and loving personality (a very good person). We look at a woman, a contemptible (30 year old) artist. children try to run away from a good, intelligent, mature person and stay with a married person who has had a good but innocent sex. He is faithful to man and does everything in his power to drive him out. In the real world, he would have great success. I certainly wanted to run to him and I had no relationship with him! Although it is so good that a man 'fought for his love', I didn't want him to be with him. (Neither my girl) did not deserve it. And, why am I wondering, the director thought that 'almost a good person' should be punished for having a relationship with him? When the artist asked 'close to the adult' to leave, when we were crying for leaving too. There is a problem with the film when the heroine of the film is awesome, the boy and the stupid that you want to fail. Additionally, I would like to say that Andy Dick made me laugh a few times even though his behavior was also engaging in an angry action. Regarding other characters, they had done well, legal and offensive characters. It is a comedy and I can say I laughed a few times on the film. Unfortunately, it is not so much laughing that it happened up to the last 10 minutes or so. But when I laughed, I have been praying for the movie to reach for too long. I needed to get these characters out of my life. If you want to watch people you hate to fight love for people who aren't worthy, then this is a film for you.
