I saw the trailer of this film a few months before its release, and MAN, did it seem to be scary, especially how this film came from the realities of life. I was very serious, and I think that this could eventually become a terrible / exciting film after years if you desire. Well you know how the film trailers make it look better than it is: perhaps by displaying all the creepy parts or by multiplying certain things. Advertising for the film made both, which is caused by my last desire. It doesn't mean this is "the most confused movie in years". Hell, I doubt that it was an exciting movie for the release of that week. This film takes all "far away from reality" something far away <br /> <br /> This movie was not full of crap. I must accept it, it was my interest and Micheal Keaton was believed to be the person who received the most unusual answers. Other than that, however, this film is one big picture. After the death of John's wife, she learns about EVP, which sends the voices of the dead in everyday electrical appliances. He suddenly receives a message from his wife! My God! Not just his wife who comes to him, is the other dead. Gee, think that. Movies about helping the dead. Come, give me a break! Clichés does not stop there. There is also a trick to stop the clock-straight-time-every-night with three evil spirits that destroy our hero. It's not just a hit film, it was not written. The film had two flying events, and the two events are the same. The end is terrible, for it leaves the WOW OPEN for a series. There is also a final message and message saying just how 1 of X sounds to hear through EVP is threatening, and playing good to play tune. The way to break the feeling, you men. Jeez! At the end, if you want another horrible film to forget, check the White Voice. The only reason I could think of anyone who would watch this film is that the person is a Keaton fan or interested in EVP. Indeed, EVP elements may be less attractive, but I do not like my movie ideas to be beaten under the throat and beaten with my face. This movie tries to be awesome, original, and disturbing, but it is the opposite. You know you have an erupted movie when advertising uses ghosts to talk about the film. "I will see FILIA This is no more."
