The life of John Rivers as an architect and family member has taken the opportunity to get worse when his wife has disappeared and he has died after a freakish accident that involves changing the tire on his car. In the days that he has passed away, he faces a man who has followed him and tells him that he has contacted his dead wife from another side through E.V.P - Electronic Voice Phenomenon. Usually he doesn't believe but then he gets a call call from his phone and so he contacts someone to find out more about E.V.P. John earlier is mentioned about it, but the most common thing does not like him to interfere with the dead, if now another contact with his wife, the white noise predicts events before they happen. Since this DVD has been sitting on my shelf for a while now, I thought it better to get around to look at it since it wasn't my copy. But again I think the owners were trying to come back, because they didn't know about it. Oh well. So I decided to make it a play, as I was in a good mood. After hearing and reading all the bad news, I had no good expectations, but I was saved for 90 minutes. Well, more than 60 minutes, as the last half of the hour was very good of confusion. The film is not as good as it would be, but when it is opened fast enough even though it is a strange strange joy. I thought not all the waste. The first hour I have found a series of effective rather interesting and there is a fear of spooky derived from the slow development of the trick and the tragedy that you hate, but sadly comes after the fall of the film. That is when the events of the power of predicting predict themselves and somehow are unacceptable to the environment. It becomes a hectare, very loud and powerful and its editing style of MTV and kinetic camera-work that is approaching in action. I could not understand what was going on in the dirty and sudden peak. All details how everything enters into a big picture is a hokey clean. It is a very exciting conclusion because it goes to something big, but it falls under the rock. I thought they did a good job until they reached the point with the work of the camera showing the lights. Others then have a special lighting stand, the marks preventing this wind of unfolding atmosphere. All of this has been made very much by its manufactured and conventional material, which makes it so complicated and empty. You can easily see that the heart of the film is in technical components and not inward enlarging characters and stories. There is no connection with the permanent feeling within these flimsy material. Over time, it strives to convince you that it is coming into practice of cheating and getting into many blood items out of the grave. It has been looking for repeatedly repeating the person to watch the television screen after time. The E.V.P machine was a star on the show. Indeed, it had more impact than the painting displays. Michael Keaton is more than a potential actor, but recently lost on the map and here he gives good performance as John Rivers had been injured by accident. In fact he deserves more, though. Everyone else is pretty brittle and forget. Not because of the exhibition, but for lack of depth in their characters. This chain was not bad to start, but it goes to the shape of the pear to fall too far. <br /> <br /> I don't care to see it again and I will not recommend you to anyone, unless you have earned interest for the issue and enjoy the recent yield of Hollywood produces horror / thrillers. It is a disgraceful disgrace that this most productive flick could not put it together successfully, as was the promise in his idea and more of the respect given by hand. I had no hatred, but what desire.
