Absolutely one of the worst movies of the year. The plan is stupid, the characters are well organized, and the angry cluster of folly. It all starts when Michael Keaton, who has lost anything known since Batman, lost his good wife, Anna, crash on a car crash, perhaps caused by one of his VW car that is being changed even though he should be rich. In his grief, Batman goes to a new home and takes a hobby: to record anything and then look at it. He learned this from a very powerful young man who was killed by three shadow friends who lived on his TV. Recently, he begins to see dead people, due to EVP, or Voice Sounds, which is obviously this program where dead people can send messages to people who live through tape recordings, video cameras, mobile phones (" Anna cell calling? "He is ... DEAD! ... Must be ghosts Mhmmm No other details possible I would like to start around with this without selecting.") Why can't just write something under paper or knock on other things to create Of course, eventually Batman discovers that he is looking at the future, and decides to go to help this woman he does not know. He comes out of his house for a short while, because dark people of darkness enter after leaving ("D * mn" "He can travel among the living and the dead by using electricity, but I will be a wife like us. It can be time! Am I the right boys?" (They magnify the contract). "). She follows this woman to the warehouse and finds that this behavior from the first ten minutes of the movie (see hard, or you will forget!) It is actually the killer of the singer who works for three dirty demons, who in Raiders of the Lost Journey style has declined and killed, it looks like cartoons that are. So the other spies show and save the woman. After the funeral of Batman, he decides to send a message from the grave to apologize to his son for being a teenager, obviously feeling that the best way to protect his child from EVP fears is to reveal him. The little baby just marvels. There are no steps that are not available, even when his father, Batman of course, begins to talk to TV. The top of the movie was when someone's phone got up and someone cried, "It's Anna!"
