Seeking a choice of choice: David Jannsen was 38 years old dancing for Robert Drivas, who was then, 31 (yes, I know he deserves to be out of university, but the tips in the script make him a composer and so maybe 24 -25 in The script --- which still places Jannsen in parenting classes at Junior High). I think AMA wrote a medical miracle in their 1938 Year in Medicine. This movie has never been too old and is now the only major appeal to see the picture of Sin City, in 1969 with all unwanted cigarettes, hair hair (Drivas has to combine atomic which makes him identical to the string adorned by his cousin) and suitable fashions related to it. If someone remembers, LV was not a particular London ... the city gathered a group and run sports car in those days. The driver comes as far as gender concerns; his father thinks he can be homosexual (sadly sad, Driver himself died of AIDS at 47) and the soap dispute comes from a generation of generation (ahem, if one can call a 7-year gap). Sonny's son wants to be her husband and father wants to take her to the Casino (Palace of Caesar!), And ask her for girls (including Edy Williams). Surprisingly enough, the man was not considered to be gay - odd for a time and cute Brenda Vaccarro is close to swoon platonically on it. What nudity is there so bad — just what was needed to pull the audience to the 'R' rate in the early days of the MPAA rating system (which was G-M-R [16] - and X). The editor is HORRLE and there are stupid-silly overdubs and Committee (late 60's neo-avante-garde comedy troupe that compassion faded off the map within a few years). Don Rickles is on board as a blackjack supplier ... looks like preparing for a role as a floor manager in CASINO much more than two decades later. They are not giving anything away, but they could handle the character of Mr. Rickles and the powerful tools and pit in the wilderness at that time. The best effort, away from the usual work of Joshua Logan's work. Dos / Dias. Now go see CASINO again ...
