Planned (edited) from dead body parts (deleted items) from the dead (Anchorman), Monster of Frankenstein (Wake Up, Ron Burgundy) is certainly not eyesight with pain (something that you would like to see twice ... .. maybe even once for that matter.) It is often more than a non-proportion of events in the WURB is made in accordance with a third party. The most disturbing is that the perpetrators in the WURB are not in line with their own versions that we had at the end of Anchorman (in the opening details we were told WURB happens shortly after). At the end of Anchorman, Burgundy grew from the beginning of the film and accepted being a cooperative / partner partner. In this film, it returns to its cool antics and phone calls to Veronica (quite clear these are more than similar incidents from the previous Anchorman beaten by the WURB.) <br /> <br /> The part that makes this movie, the ongoing story The change, involves a brother to steal the bank without a reason called Alarm Clock. These events are very painful to stay. This part was derived from the original writings of Anchorman. Many other shows associated with our Channel 4 news team are more clear of deletion / deletion takes pictures from Anchorman. They are going to the same party as the same, the same "group of connections on having a woman on the team" of the area, and the same part of the cat style that Veronica had to report barriers. Burgundy to rebuild their first date with the incoming spot on San Diego and dinner at his favorite club, Tinos. Nor is it characteristic that they have been on a drive to drive before and when Burgundy goes into Tinos and Veronica, introduces him as if he had never been before. Oh, and dressed in the same clothes as on their original date. Still, I must give credit to filmmakers - even if the WURB is nothing more than a clever way of presenting deleted scenes bound with notes. Of the two stories of Ron Burgundy - this is the most weak. Looking back to it, it is quite a feat for Anchorman which has risen from the ashes of the WURB. You remain classy, ​​IMD. Thank you for stopping.
