This movie is not interesting, except for the first ten minutes. The action and editing is a perfect introduction in a piece of piece, even better than saying Gosford Park. Then it slows down, loses focus and begins to resemble a traditional French film just to bring back the relationship with Antoine (Depardieu) and Cécile (Deneuve). In the middle there are so many small and very few tips in the story, several fibers have started. SPOILERS AHEAD The main story is the relationship between Antoine and Cécile. She has been faithful to him after his relationship with many years ago, despite remarriage and establishing a house in Morocco. If the builder now rebuilds his own life and brings him back to Cécile's wedding. After completing this, he is buried after a freak accident (literally) and becomes the opposite. He wakes up just after he burns their old picture as a sign that they have joined the old and can start their life again together. ******* END OF SPOILERS! / It is not clear what vision the director wants us to see because there are so many stories here: illegal migrants want to enter Europe, there are regular radio broadcasts on the destruction of the old Iraqi regime. Cécile's child is bisexual and beaten by a dog (trustworthy) immediately meeting her boyfriend, while a girl who lives and seems to be ill (of that?). Her sister is a traditional Islam, and she comes in contact with Cécile's husband. It shows Morocco as a backbone, despite any building there is a foreign colonial vision that shines in the near future. It shows Islam as a back and facing inflammation, which can sometimes be true, but certainly not in general. At the end it can be well described as adding the color area and art for art. Deneuve and Depardieu are the best. For these materials they know very well they can look at something else in any area: lift the eye, body language, excessive pride, bad behavior. The movie itself is desperate and only confirms the small space of the French film today. For some special distinction of course.
