No, I have never seen any of the "Santa Slasher" series, namely "Night Night, Night Night," original 'Black Christmas' or this, 'Evil Christmas.' I have heard all about their qualities, or, MADS (Mama against Deranged Santas.) I thought I would lease this one I have heard it became as a reference to the section of 'Fat Guys in Movies'. Br /> <br /> Mama should fight this, but not to ooooohhhh "killer" Santa, but in fact this movie was just plain. Boring, long? even after just 92 minutes, crap. <br /> <br /> The little boy sees Santa coming down the chimney in 1947, giving gifts, eating some things and by a miracle, floating on the chimney. The boy goes to bed, but he returns to the bedroom to witness Mother and Santa (kind) to get it. It seems that this baby gave birth to the rest of her life, although the area was like steam as the father of Ralphie got "Lamp Lamp" in the "Christmas Story." He was suffering with sooo, he went to the top, and cut his own hand. <br /> <br /> Quickly for the future! Now, it is in 1980 with a lost boy working in a toy factory. We get a hippopotamus to be a little kilter, and he hits all the children and the same parents. Who is naughty, who is good, blah blah. Does it take the best of two-thirds of the film to reach him last? as if it is not an example of one shape. NO MOVIE should take a long time. I will confess, this film had a tension building, but it was because I kept expecting to do something, anything for anyone. When he finally does, well, the penalty “who is naughty,” is like a graphic like “Garbage Pail Kid” card. And I haven't described the end of WTF. I think it was an example, but in fact, it's as wonderful as all the film. (Take a brother who has hated his brother killed, and his solution is, to kill.) Don't open this mess, even during Christmas, or Evil. Again, I did not look at another "Santa-Slashers" but this has hated the worst. It created an inconvenience from the state of the film and never presented it now to honor.
