This is one of the worst disasters that I have ever seen in my life. Finally it is something you should see to believe. <br /> <br /> The movie comes with staying Harry Standing and Phillip Standing on the ladder with their mother watching their father coming down the chimney when dressed in Santa's suit. She puts the gift under the tree, eats cookies and milk and then returns on the chimney. Phillip sleeps but Harry just comes to look for his father wearing Santa's suit to please his mother. Then, Harry goes up the stairs, defeats the snow, holds the shade of the glass, and eliminates. <br /> <br /> Then continue now. You see Harry. He is the only person who sleeps in Santa's suit and sees little children through pairs of binoculars. He has two books. One book for good children and others for bad children. He writes everything to do in these books. The boy goes. He also works at the Jolly Dream toy factory. His brother Phillip has a family and two children and he lives in a nice house. Harry gets that his master cares only for the benefit, he is going to collect all the toys and take them to a few children. Then, they go to church and kill 4 people. Then they go to another house and put things under a tree. Children catch him but they go back to sleep. So Harry goes to the bedroom and kills the father and the leaves. When he was walking towards the house, a group of children saw him and ran away. Parent is afraid and try to get their children back to them so that they are not hurt. How do they know that Harry is a murderer? Indeed, you should have doubts because you don't know who can be. Harry gives children a gift and a father draws out to switch to an attempt to beat him in front of children. Harry finishes, urban lighting lights and follow him to kill him. They don't even know that he is a murderer. Harry coming home to his brother, his brother and he has a few discussions with Phillip wandering around. He only loses consciousness. Phillip sends Harry back to his car. Harry wakes up, takes off. <br /> <br /> The end is something I couldn't believe. Once again, you will have to see it to believe. One thing that has given me is a black Santa. That is true, a man in Santa's suit felt he was a white man. Why did they bring the black man? Skip this and see Silent Night Deadly Night and Santa's Kill. You will find the value of your money to see the two films. They are better than this bunch of trash! I give this film 1 star out of 10. I would like to give it 0 stars because that's the movie it deserves.
