This is not an art, an internal-urban, political propaganda! Jindabyne's lack of politics cannot be forgiven ... you do not see people as individuals, but rather, as members of the groups. This is Australia's most controversial films that I can ever remember (and it's up against very good competition!). Movie's message, every theme of the exhaust of your loved ones is there: Aborigines are victims; White men are violent or alcohol; white women are not bad - especially if they are elite - but they are more likely to be hurt. Four men who leave fishing, find the body of a murdered woman (Persians, usually) and leave her in the river for several days when they catch a river. A strange decision is taken by a close discussion, if men are animals. One person who is very shy is a goodie ... we know this because she lives with a female woman - she wants to hold her baby so much - and eventually goes to a high-cost fashion area (away from all ethnic residents). This is a film made by developing cities that live in fear of the Australian environment and those who live in evil. It is the ignorance of the country's life is almost as horrible as its contempt. The film is shot by a long-distance forest view, an amazing music. It is made quite clear and ultimately that the Aboriginal people are the only home in this environment. It concludes with a pointless black-and-white connection. <br /> <br /> In Jindabyne, the life of the country has been reduced slightly more than the history of the story that in the sense it shows the quality of the left urban values ​​of light inhabitants on other Australians. This film was not made by real people but funded by the State Finance Fund. It is a product of art, which is not appropriate to have good people whose government funds have reinforced these reluctant projects (which are as a preventive from real life as possible), as opposed to making popular films that people want to see. It doesn't matter if the film is stinker, it is still paid. <br /> <br /> Shut yourself by wasting time, avoiding as a blow. Beyond the community's jaded views than real entertainment, this film deserves it!
