This film is very real creepy. Unfortunately, not because the creators of the film will be able to trust. <br /> <br /> There is a serial killer too, but it's not something interesting. He is the only common comic book, the cross between Hannibal Lecter and Freddie Kruger, though there is nothing to add either. Unfortunately, for many criminals and more criminals, they can be detained in a place of stress, on their feet, weapons delivered 24 hours a week a week out? I think in the world that gave Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay, anything is possible. No, what is so interesting about this film is the main character, Danny. This helpless boy, backed up by ensuring that it is true for other lax safety plans and a doctor regardless of any professional ethics or confidentiality of the patient, goes to the hospital room concerned with what can be described as dangerous young people and with the woman, and on the basis of anything (her chronic sleep prevents from being able to give anything as a news permit) she feels herself having a special relationship with her. It looks like in the day, has boasted the right to capture him, believe (completely false, as we find out) that he can take care of him more than anyone else, and within minutes to bring him back to his house, is to hate sex although he is (again due to his sleep) he can not totally agree or resist. Our worries about why he would feel this relationship is soon confirmed. He can certainly create any adult life, not to have sexual relations, so instead he falls back to this planned woman, who because of her permanent sleep is a mental age-related experience of just a few years. The area that gets a glass of ice cream is mainly to make a cotton, and to know it honestly to see him giving when he screams that he should be cleaned again causes great fear. But again, I am afraid, not that the fear of fear of the creators of hope was optimistic, but a few more direct of the rebellion. We can see what is all at the end of our fence here - it's a perfect dream of a pedophile of innocence, follow sex and full dependence. Horror, terrible, terrible. What else do we have on this mash? Dream proposals are not the same as the Toro. Must "You need to go to the police point", where the leadership behavior always has a reason to do it even though it is the only wise course. The automaton sequence, is highly recommended in the comments here, though completely and completely useless ("It does not work!", As Sigourney Weaver agreed to remind you in the Galaxy endeavors) and looked at me as a Preferred Hate Doctor lost in one of the Saw derivatives. Jeffrey Combs is doing a good job though, so the star for it, and more than a few because you have put down the lowest standards of films that are worse than this, and generally this is good - shot and made effectively.
