Written by evil, scripted bad and amateurishly paced sequel to 1981 Joe Dante classic. "Crying" is one of only two or three films of goodwolf films that have been done and still have been "paid" for a series of irrelevant and unsupported series like this. If it is any comfort, "Stirba" is just a sequel by name and no relationship with the characters or events brought in the Dante film. The program here refers to the blood ritual of Waswolves of Spain? especially women? led by Stirba. Stirba is played by Sybil Danning who converts from a young woman into a super-babe (with an amazing chest) in combination with the eye and becomes all hair when stimulating sex. His striker plays with Christopher Lee who seems to be tired. His character? Stefan Crosscoe ?? it is a magic investigation that goes to the kingdom of Stirba, accompanied by a couple of Americans who lost their friends at the Waswolf cult. If you are only looking for the dirt of the year and the impurities dirty ... this is your film. Even the smallest killings are shown in detail and we are also treated by stimulating the optical illusion and a bad picture of the gray who is beaten on the right fence. However, if you want a little or deep substance, you will be very disappointed. Talk is a shame and there is absolutely no tension to explore anywhere. All authors always seem to combine waswolves and packages (Transordanian landscape, onions, wooden columns ...) and a good balcony of Danning is an attack to use as a mere film of gimmick. During the last credit, the bullet that stimulates it, is constantly adjusted (according to our colleague Dr. Gore, not less than seventeen times!) Which is very good and useless. Music is very similar to some environment is very good. I am talking about the most violent images of the opening of the opening and the dark cemetery of Stirba castle. Guided by Philippe Mora is a great mess with ?? since I'm worried? His film worth only remains "Animal inside", released three years ago.
