The Howling II begins as it means to continue with the most amazing and advanced details of Christopher Lee whose image has been given on a migrant star, oh and bones appears also for some reason. He says "because it is written by the inhabitants of the world that they have been sprinkled with his blood. I couldn't do no matter how many times I went through the tape and try, sorry # with all the abominations of the world ”. This opening text does not mean anything and is just too wonderful. After the opening credit that has been installed on the Transylvanian architecture design we get information on the screen that informs us we're 'Los Angeles, California U.S.A. The City of Angels'. I knew I was for 86 minutes. It may not be too long after the previous Howling events (1981) and it's a funeral of Karen White. After the ceremony of Karen Ben (Reb Brown) says with 'magic investigation' named Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee) who says Karen is Werewolf and that he will be resurrected. Ben rejects such feelings. But with one of Karen's friends and colleagues Jenny (Annie McEnroe) she visits Stefan at her home. There Stefan tells them about Werewolves and how they can be killed, says Stirba (Sybil Danning) who is the queen of Werewolves. Stefan also shows them a photograph taken from Karen's funeral of a woman named Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt) and that she is a very dangerous and dangerous league who wants Karen. Stefan says he will forbid Waswoves through heart and ton. Ben explains that Stefan means that he will tell Karen as well as Jenny goes to the graves where her sister is crypt to stop Stefan. However many votes of Werewolves turn out to attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. Escaped attack and manage to know that Stirba is available in Transylvania. They all decide to move to Transylvania and stop Stirba and hiswolves from taking land to fulfill the old curse of the century. Immediately it goes to a small town called Vlkava which means 'where the wolf lives' and meets the local priest, Father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and his little but faithful group of Werewolf hunters, what else could I call? Oh, and a boy named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) also helps. They follow Mariana who expect to lead Stirba. But Stirba knows about the arrival of Stefan and has plans for Ben and Jenny. Will Stefan be able to put an end to Stirba's plans for world domination? What? This movie will get more amazing or higher? See and know. Directed by Philippe Mora this is one wonderful mess of film. It has been altered badly if some order just fly around without considering. One major problem is Robert Sano's script and Gary Brandner according to his novel that is on the place and does not make any sense of mind or leads us to any relevant characters we like. Luckily it goes together as a rocket and is never enough or tampering, unlike nature. A strange or strange thing happens every time to keep the viewer acceptable. Most people probably hate, but for those who enjoy this 'bad' film this is up there with their best. There arewwolf concerns who are just freaky looking. We find weapons of murder for the Jews. Sets and places are only visible out of place and I don't know if this was actually beaten in Transylvania but it doesn't seem like I thought in the mid 80's of Transylvania would. The Stirba castle is part of the shaft, part of the Gothic castle and the modern luxury part. Stirba and his attendant's dress are over-top, Stirba wearing a dress that looks like the S / M video and being fair to him he looks very good, and his children wear leather leather clothes too. Specific effects of recycling are from good to the poor, the eyes of the keyboard explode, the man has his hand and the priest has a certain creature that comes out of his mouth but this is not a film that carries with the gore, although there is a lot of systemic effect and change of Werewolf and attack. . There is a lot of dirt with Stirba and his boys are a real randy group of Werewolves! I must also mention music, music sounds dominated by many rock music that I hated and I have just changed the volume down. Working is weak on both sides and what on earth was Christopher Lee thinking when he accepted this film? I wonder what he thinks. Basically the whole thing is a real mess, but I've got an excited mess. It is impossible to recommend but watch to the end. Referring to what the last features are walking on what appears to have been deleted and cut off the image, it also has the same picture of Sybil Danning to pick up her dress and disclose her breasts for more than 20 times! If that's your thing.
