I will need to add objections to this. Various reviews I have read compared to this film for Wong Kar Wai or Hou Hsiao-hsien. one of the most beautiful flotilla of Mandarin items that have come in recent years. Unfortunately this is not quite correct. The film looks like a school graduate attempt to imitate these masters. All pieces are there - small, fine minimalist chat, slow working, and leading, especially, who spend a lot of time sitting around and reflecting. It expresses good but unfortunately nothing is right. Conversations are leaden. Acting in general is not able to lift the above type of characters; A married couple and a younger sister are very poor and do not know. Unfortunately, the character of the character among them is included in the modern "Chekovian" strategy (ie, very possible), the result is very effective and more devastating. I could not help but see the location of the river "Blue Danube", for example, if you look on a kind of parody (though smoggy look "springtime" atmosphere on the river gave a bit of black humor ...) I actually went to this movie on the basis that Mark Li Ping was photography. When the settings are elegant, and a mobile camera tries to restore the "Flower of Shanghai", the film is not in the league, visually. In fact I must admit that after an hour of wonder if it was a script or acting that was destroying the film, I remembered suddenly that I meant to meet my partner for dinner and take a chance to leave (and I can't remember the last movie I came out of) . I think from the opinion that the last can be left after the transfer but for that point I did not care. If you would like to see the same thing as real talent then I would recommend anything to the two directors, for example "In Mood for Love" or "Shanghai Flowers", all made by Mr Ping's talent (formerly by Chris Doyle), and both are a masterful film enough to encourage years of failures emulations like this. Not many times Mr. Hoberman leads me, and maybe you would like to listen to him, but don't tell him that you didn't. Craig. <br /> <br />
