This is the first "William Shakespeare" Full Works "The BBC's series I saw, and if all like this, I can't look again. Being a perfect example of playing is everything this "Romao & Juliet" goes to it, does not exist in all other departments. Alvin Rakoff manifests himself as a good director, both in technical and artistic things. In the past, because he makes mistakes that even a first-class student of the film could avoid wisely. Consider, for example, the first shot of Abraham and Balthasar in the opening area, or the entry of Friar Lawrence's nurse, asking where Romeo was with him in front of him that he could see him even though he was blind. And, in the end, because each of the artists is consistent, even if some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks exactly how I was thinking Juliet looked like, and she doesn't seem to be a bad actor for a boy, but her performance can't be quite passionate about any kind. Patrick Ryecart as Romeo is worse, being not just as red as Juliet, but also a very old way and not very good, it comes as a mixture of Malcolm McDowell and Chucky doll. Putting them together makes it possible to think they feel anything to each other, then alone to be the main players of the ever-written love story. Alan Rickman, in his first screen, plays Tybalt as he was Darth Vader, which is a big mistake that takes away the controversy that Shakespeare wanted, no character being a hero or villain but all human beings. This Tybalt seems to be so important that we do not believe the concerns of the characters after his death. For Paris, I continued to think of "Prince Valium" from Spaceballs. Celia Johnson can only do the behavior of a certain nurse right. In 168 minutes, this production does not make us feel with the characters, because the characters have no feelings with each other and never seem to believe their own roles. The best screen version is still Franco Zeffirelli. But, being fair, this BBC is not nearly as bad as disgusting as George Cukor's version of flamboyant geriatric, or crimes against Human that are Baz Luhrmann's feature-length MTV video. 4/10.
