Incredibly, "Brigadoon" is an entertaining fund. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the team behind "An American in Paris", have reunited with many authors and many women behind their previous cooperation. The leading woman of Gene is Cyd Charisse, one of the best 40s / 50s movies, and different from the general size "Every time it's a good climate" This film gave them an opportunity not only one but two dances. Lerner and Loewe were the team after the hits as future "My Lady Fair" and the music center of Minnelli "Gigi"; Lerner and Minnelli had already shown their blood co-operation on the best "America in Paris." What happened on the way? Why the movie itself is a stupid bear? Minnelli himself did not want to make a film, despite his original artistic and personal relationship with Lerner. Perhaps it was because the innate conservatism of the film was very little of two front steps for MGM and one step back to Vincente Minnelli. But once they were beaten in this work as Brigadoon representatives were beaten within its borders, Minnelli tried to turn it into something that would be exciting in an exciting way, if not free. The end result is very awesome to see. When the aim of the charm of Minnelli's past ignorance is like "Cabin in the Sky" and "I might meet St. Louis", the tights of Brigadoon's inhabitants can separate no unusual concepts of those who have never been they have been. His Levites did not accept even on the luster of "Yolanda and the Thief" or "Pirate" because the forest settings appear at the same time also special for this fantastic fantasy and also common to human feelings. The only people in Brigadoon who I may at least be considered by someone who does not know someone who tries to escape with an unfortunate traveler has played with Van Johnson who causes an accident. The general inquiry in the city of Brigadoon itself is very good and the region even associated with the form of Christianity of the past: they seem to be pagans in their aspect. For example, instead of the immortality of Brigadoon, a respectable and “good” shepherd of the city has given himself in his own place in a barrier. One time we are assured that "everyone looking at their own Brigadoon." It is worth mentioning the box office on this picture confirms my suspicion that most of us are not looking for this kind of quasi-queasy paradise. The column itself is ridiculous and very interesting, but it can work if the players are perfect. But Kelly himself is a very active part of the film, and Charisse is the worst shock as a common hope in the same way as Lucille Bremer was sent to "Yolanda and Mwizi." Van Johnson makes his best version of Oscar Levant sidekick for Kelly (even 3 cigarette lights at the same time as Levant in "AIP"), and offers a lot of exciting time. But it says only that the best additional budget component and all the best MGM talents are the performance of Van Johnson.
