Not often I feel it should be forced to give a bad film; after all I often feel maxim, "if you don't say anything to say do not say," it would be the correct advice for many naysayers we listen to every day who nitpick in the things we like. If you are the same reader even though I feel compelled to say that for the only exception of Christopher Walken in the role of returning as Gabriel this film is pathetically HORRID. I tell you this to warn you that even if you are a fan of the walken and fashioning or you like the "original" prophecy you will be very broken. If you buy us, come back. If you rent, make sure it is ninety-nine cents. What is wrong with this movie? A full list could take a long time to read and would give birth to tears, but a short summary is the following: a clear picture of the mirror between angels and the first film characters has burst. Gabriel has turned from the right hand of the right God who once was (and in this role he is often funny in the first) a little more than the thug of heaven. Since Walken is very good at playing heavies (we all remember Frank White from the "King of New York") still enjoys but the support is an unacceptable and unmistakable mess of men and angels who could not buy a clue for 50 cents. If you can imagine a plot you are more intelligent than I am. One gets the feeling we walk through the scene from the area to the only place moving the film on the second line of Walken. At the end of the film you want he would blow his horns and make the walls of Jericho fall for the people who made this natural disaster. Under the bottom - it's insulting to our mind that they did sequel for this film first place. Contents told the story of justice, answered the questions that would have to be, and left only what was meant to reflect on the future. There is no compelling reason to follow these characters who were the first - the priest who lost his faith, the little girl who put "a great secret", a teacher who protected her children - even Lucifer himself was more attractive and herself in the first film than all the other actors who were together. I feel sorry for anyone who sees this film and not the first because they probably never want to look at nature and that's a real tragedy.
