Everyone knows that previously Gregory Widen's "Prophecy" had no final significance, but also has no need for a science of rocket-based degree on your chimney to realize that most of the concepts of this concept of the benefits of fear were inevitable. The second part is a very prototypic prototype of direct-video sequel, meaning the creative and convoluted plot originally has been very easy for further action, most of the liners liner and much more religious scenery. The only good news is that producers managed to manage Christopher Walken for Gabriel's role, and provides another performance of copper that shows the right to lease. If it was not for Walken's performance (and perhaps a few players used as Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), "Prophecy II" would certainly disappear carefully after his release. The movie begins with Gabriel to actually get a spat out of hell to continue with his continuous battle in heaven on earth. The purpose of his war at this time is to prevent the baby's nurse Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals) from being born. For you see, his unborn child is the first of the diversion between the angels of heaven and the earthly "monkey" and the birth of a man of great rank means the fall of Gabriel's evil rule. So, like on the first movie, he is engaging in suicide and hunting Valerie until the way to Eden for the final destruction. "Prophecy II" is a durable and regular movie of the entertainment as long as you cannot compare with nature and as long as you deal with many holes and errors in promotions. At any time the story becomes very bad, fortune-makers enough to always incorporate the closest brilliance of Christopher Walken to stop you. His interaction with Izzy rebels and especially his ignorance of modern world technology has positive and memorable results. For a little note on the topic, I often felt like the prospect of "Prophecy II" to look similar to "Terminator II"? Gabriel's resurrection was seen as a teleportation of the future cyborg and the area of ​​Eden, where the final battle takes place, it looks similar to the metal factory where "Terminator II" also ended. Unfortunately, I think? In general, this is a poor and approved sequel but it is still worth checking if you are a fan of Christopher Walken's unique charisma (and who?).
