That is one of those terrible fricks where twenty-somethings explode around the dark art around the camp of the camp, entering into the pot of trouble for doing so. The park was opened with a world of demons known as the Kelippoth of Sitra Achra and a man whose daughter, Summer, takes spoil and something, is taken into it. Summer is a training and a wonderful group whose identity is not disclosed to fight demonic beings. This is part of a conspiracy to explore. However, witches, who went to secondary school together, Renea, a very powerful teacher, in dark arts, and its lesbians, Jasmine and Marlene (are more than fad pass them, though.) Joining friends, Jason and Ricky, on a journey to the desert where Summer was lost from his home ten years ago. Opening the port through written literature written in an ancient book, the demon is set free, as it was in Summer, now a fighter who has trained a good body and sports and skills that are needed to prevent monsters in another world. The bottom budget has a beautiful, but proud, story-based story, blocking it in closed settings. These young people spend a lot of time around the trees they expect to be food for the animal. As it may be in these movies, the demons stand aside when the story comes as the sun trying to remember how everything went, when it was Jason's friend who wants to help her return when it was lost. The action is being shot in the dark, making any violence difficult to erase. Brigitte Kingsley (and all the other females were beaten for that), it's a very good eye candy, wearing a very string like a female Conan, a beautiful body that we should be glad to see from when she looks until she gets a movie. Some lesbianism (.. kissing and crush) and magic items are good, and they seem to enjoy the goofy plot. That's amazing that the silly sound fit for the material. It can be an interest in the cooperation of the National Christian Wrestling Entertainment of the "Captain Courageous" Christian (real name, Jason Reso) as one of the group, changing his conversion, like chickens, screaming for The sound of the tree head. Landy magazine is proposed as an impossible hero, Jason, a foolish young man, a young man who is a former boyfriend, Jasmine (Vanessa James) now has sex and love Marlene. Marlene from her knowledge), while Ricky and Renea are trying to evict her from this idea that she can restore a dead fire that has never been. Kelippoti's shade has decreased significantly, I think I have to refrain from showing how interesting / lose looks if it is fully presented. Antics of Jasmine and Marlene (Haley Shannon) lesbians are very bad, their love of doing, once alone in the forests on a tree, is cut down and also reduces the use of black night. My estimation is slightly better towards it, just because of Kingsley, just because it is high, rather than conspiracy or film. Movie intends to enjoy and sells to boys (and girls who love women's fire). I think, however, for the most part, humor falls a little flat.
