That's a wonderful way to promote a film that a great deal was found. And it looks like a suicide part of the studio, for that (1) feuds between cast were well known long before the movie release. (2) The courage between Producer (Robert Fryer) and Director (Michael Sarne) is also a common skill. (3) cast did not make the secret of their contempt of the film and put it open to each position, and the daily information from the careful placement and journalists everywhere. And (4) the author, Gore Vidal disliked practically since one day. However, that only describes the calculation. Raquel Welch doesn't do it / does <br /> provides good performance like Myra, and looks better. John Huston is very funny as Buck Loner, the former Cowboy Star who runs academy acting academy. Mae West, (in its first appearance of the screen since 1943) typically wrote his own self-rehearsal section, and he is as good as '' suspended '' (and that's set to gently) '' Talent Agent '' Leticia Van Allen. However, he must have asked himself (after a long wait for a good car to come back) how he lived in this mess. Tom / Selleck (in his first film) is one of the 'customers''. John Carradine and Jim Backus, as Doctors, also cite briefly. Rex Reed as Myron, Farrah Fawcett and Roger Herren, as victims of Myra / Myron, are not here or there. It also goes to the script, which is not just considering the basic plot of the book, but it seems to have a head at least three different directions at once. Although the western part was greater, it was reduced to the task of coming to the time when Sarne had editing. And, because of this, it seems to be in a different film. It seems, at some point, the producers found that Mae would be a bigger to draw a film, and, he could not take much of his photographs, cut him off at the end of the second publishing of his two songs, both of which came out anywhere. The Sarne device used to give off the old films of the stars that were beaten to emphasize any points she made, does not work. By the time the movie is finished, every tired player can do what is wonderful in hell. Not surprisingly, almost everyone connected to production felt the same way, and died in the box office. A non-inclusive DVD includes, (extra additional) different views from Welch and Sarne, each of which has a very different view of what has just happened. Of course it's a video to restore video from 2001 '' Vanity Fair 'piece, which tried it (very deeply) to do the same thing. Actually, the novel structure made the functionality of the screens work not surprising, but, with Sarne with the help of what was 'production', it had no chance.
