(I will show in this point the point where the perpetrators begin.) My dissatisfaction is split: 30% of attentiveness, 70% of insufficient writing. <br /> <br /> 30%: I agree with the first synopsis of comments about the lack of diversity in characters and scope of stories. I wondered how, this film, effectively, varies with the actual NYC evil by presenting a crowd of people with very few relationships to achieve if it just stays with the cast of the Girl Girl (this comes from someone who loves Gossip Girl). Few characters have been written on the story, but it includes responsibility, when we can see the gears under the film so open, striving to "be different" but always fall-short. % 70% is why everything is decreasing. All characters, white with a few of the signs, are single-dimensional pieces, cardboard concepts of people. Similarly, their interaction with each other is written in such a way that each vignette in the film viewers are given what I will say is "gag": we get a basic pride, then punchline aims to be clever moving. But even if we stopped feeling for a moment to say, "Well, that was strange" ... The story is still not interesting, because they, too, are inferior. When you give a story so that their presence only surpasses the lack of expectations, you write a joke. <br /> <br /> Traders down ... <br /> <br /> The movie actually tries to tell romantic stories. Its okay. But romance is amazing, deep, sometimes hard. These “romantic” stories each include a girl and a boy who sometimes shares the same area and looks at. To change words, ideas are expected through the high voice, but can also manage contact with viewers only that one person is attracted to another. <br /> <br /> Meaning, no seduction (in broad terms), no tension, neither conflict nor fellowship between two different people trying to reconcile their existence with another. The only story involving physical "deception" is just told so that the audience can be surprised that the boy (Ethan Hawke) has been beaten out by the battling girl, who unexpectedly turns into a farmer. In fact, his words while trying to pick him up are interesting to hear and we are troubled if we would like to be around them, but there is nothing to the substance of this story out of "A then B". So it is disclosed, if something like a postcard can be "opened", and all other stories also: A then B - That is, the only point that these happen to happen "on set" Manhattan. By the way, Brooklyn only we see is the art of Coney Island; Queens alone is to stimulate a train trip taken by behavior moving to Western Village. It is easy to choose on movies that play in all of the common colors, gender, sex orientation, and so on. _New York, I Love You_, however, is worthy of consideration for strict investigation because of its head. We hope to see New York's real, and New Yorkers real, but instead we have emerged a piece of population, its characters come from OC, with a few others to make SEEM if we focus on diversity. But when we look closely at those who are involved, the whole sham becomes a shock to the very concept of diversity and ethnic culture and forgetting to stop. For example, the story with the Latino Man and the little white girl in the garden, who gets wrong with the two women as her manny (male nanny) when in fact she is the father. However, the last part of this section was not needed due to the wonder of the wonderful construction (it would be more interesting to finish when mother and boy / male husband beat the girl away), in fact it is a disgusting scene that we learn to the point that the father The girl is Latino also must inform us that she is a desirable sex dancer. What, father cannot be just a man from South America? Now that it is obviously a fire, are the best listeners willing to admit that he had a child with a middle-aged woman? Are we the ones that we need as well? Just as a Mexican construction worker would undoubtedly have no great potential. It's not my place to force where the film should be gone. But in every setting and planning plan, the direction of the noise scream, asks for security. All these stories can be made more interesting, even if we had to put one-dimensionality of the characters living with them, at least to the exclusion from the normal and clear level. A Asian girl who lives in Chinatown sitting with an old white woman? How to beat Asian spoon looking for a white college child instead. Again, I have not said that the whole dispute should be changed. It's that everyone. damn. story story. it's so hackneyed - and so they fail to convey anything on what one can love New York, out of the trite. The real way to improve the film would be written script worth reading. <br /> <br /> I will persuade you the sound of the voice, the sound of the movie (even if it was what it was, well, dredge), and feel a whole lot of events. The movie was just good to stay, and I didn't stop anyone from doing it. However, it explains that the most important worship to be paid for the unusual is when the old opera singer says (he explained) "That's what I like about New York: everyone from a different place." Well, you don't know for this look.
