Anyone who knows me even from far away can tell you that I love bad movies next to where I love so much, and I can honestly say that I have seen one of the most bad movies: an unknown mess that is MYRA BRECKINRIDGE. The exchange of the most selling book of Gore Vidal (later rejected the film version), MYRA BRECKINRIDGE full of star is a very bad movie which remains a wonderful entertainment from the beginning to the end. Movie planned by X about the transformation of sex and Hollywood was a great tragedy in the box office and it had dropped quite down on screens and critics and audience during release. Not surprisingly, the film continued to have a close rite of worship among bad movie lovers, and I was quite excited to see it first time. Director Michael Sarne (who had only the first two leading to his name at the time), took a lot of flack to the finished film, and honestly, certainly does not seem like he had a clue about what he tried to achieve. Movies are often inappropriate, and the whole series has been prepared by half-hazzard which many events have been almost misunderstood. Also angry is the gimmick to use documentary images from Fox's buttons and hit them on the photos for regular intervals. This means that there are pictures of the previous movie stars such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple that came into new sexual events, and the process doesn't work as planned (this has also caused less stress, as actors such as the Temple and Loretta Young studios using their photos without permission) It may be that Sarne is not the only one being treated, however, like film films and photography will lead many viewers to sway leading to unbelief. For example, this film will ask you to believe that the rex Rex Reed filmmaker (in its first role of the big film) can work on sex change and emerge as a beautiful sex woman Raquel Welch? The film becomes more difficult to follow when Welch as Myra tries to take a school film from her uncle's death (played by the film director John Huston), exploring a nubile film student (Farrah Fawcett), and teaching a young school boy. (Roger Herren) a lesson for a string-on dildo. What? Everyone followed it? And it gets better (or worse, depending on your view)! I have never mentioned the star on the film: this is the sex of twenty-nine sex, Mae West! Mrs West was 77 years old when she was seen in this film (she had retired for 26 years), and it seems that she still thought it was a strange sex act as a talented upscale agent who has hunky men (including young Tom Selleck) throwing himself. If this was not bad, West-deaf deaf tone really makes two written songs recently over half of the film's way, and I think that I could have a long-suffering brain from listening! Normally, however, there is nothing that anyone who has a proper taste would describe as "good," but I would give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE 4 out of 10 because it is always legal entertainment even when I didn't have The idea of ​​what in hell was to continue. Also, many attempts try really hard. Raquel, in particular, seems so hell-considering to turn his bad-written part to mean that he single-handedly succeeded in making a movie worth looking. If he was only working with a nice screens and a competent director then he might have finally received critics of a decent form. <br /> <br /> Other cast are also good. John Huston (who should be leading the photo) for a short time, Rex Reed is not bad for the non-actress, and Farrah Fawcett is very happy with the one he likes. Roger Herren is also good, but there has never been another film after this (I think she could not live down to be a boy beaten by Raquel Welch). And if anyone could think from the above details, Mae West was completely out of his mind when he agreed to make this movie - but that's part of what makes it fun for us who love bad movies.
