Watching this last night was surprised that Fox spent a lot of money on it and getting too little on their investment. It is a kind of disaster that seems reliable. I am sure that on the first morning of publishing Raquel Welch lost a shelf on its hot place to prepare a spot for the Academy Award for the course would certainly win for this unusual movie. Oops. That's not what happened. <br /> <br /> The repression on the set was deep in publishing and Rex Reed and this helped the film to achieve the reputation before it was removed. Finally it was released was not the size of the three rings of broadcasting. If I remember correctly, in Houston you opened it in a training car and a neighboring movies and never have played a big part. I charge more charges to director Michael Sarne, who was hot after being led (not all good) JOANNA, a music film about young people in London. If I remember correctly, Fox attacked to shoot him and beat the film together better. That is why events play without a certain sequence and the characters appear and then disappear. Amazing Casting (Kathleen Freeman, Jim Backus, John Carradine, Andy Devine and others) loses nothing to do. To expand in order to see the height there are many parts from Fox's films such as Carmen Miranda (with amazing images from all of GANGI ALL) and Laurel and Hardy, who never wanted to play on a tested movie. X. <br /> <br/> X rating is due to the frequent language of misleading sex; however, no characters seem to have any fun. Perhaps anyone involved in the film had the understanding of the beaten Puritan and thought that if they could do these things to be bad they were not bad to use. This was one of the "youth" pictures that were blocked around Hollywood in the 1970s. One writer told him that RIDER EASY (made for pocket change) was a very expensive movie made because many films were followed which tried and failed in a more serious way to make it his success. Sixtyish, once dignified directors like Stanley Kramer and Otto Preminger made movies like RPM and SKIDOO in an effort to attract a small audience. The major directors and authors tried to make the film to attract Black listeners. The films are locked somewhere in the vault and two others called and many from that type never, like I know, have been on a home or cable video. They are a comprehensive secret to the studio label. Raquel Welch's performance in this is all things considered, very good. With the right direction and script he could play a variety of saved women sassy Rosiland Russel and Barbara Stanwyck specialized in. She looks great and has amazing dress. Mae West is a seventy-year actor and something I have ever seen. On the one hand it is a kind of breathing to watch his attempt to capture his glory from years ago, but I'm sure he needed money. <br /> <br /> If you want to see the big budget X-rated movie from this time check out the BEYOND THE VALLEY of DOLLS (also from Fox) because it does not take itself by weight. They are mad kids playing with accessories on a great studio. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE tries to say something. There was no one who wanted to listen.
