From time to time since the release of the exhibition in 1970, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has been the main focus of the cinema's number of stories. Now on a DVD in an unprecedented package, it is impossible to win the audience today as it was when it was first released. The best year of 1968 Vidal was the statement of dark satirical. Many filmmakers felt that the story of the novel, structure, and general voice did not translate to the film, and the residents of the industry were surprised when the 20th century Fox was not only getting right but also employed Vidal to solve his novel on the screen. But the studio operators recently had cool feet: Vidal changes were repeatedly rejected by the novice author Michael Sarne was brought to bring the film on the screen. The label staff expected that Sarne would enter the youth market and felt like the aim of the film, but Sarne showed even more for synch and material than the actors themselves. Rewrite. The events of the cast, recognized, began to fight. In his view of the DVD, star Raquel Welch says that he rarely had any idea of ​​Myra's intentions from the location to the location or even within the same area alone, and that everyone involved was seen to be making a completely different film. In the "Back to Story" magazine, Rex Reed says that MYRA BRECKINRIDGE was a film made by a group of people who had hidden their closet rooms while waiting for their lawyers to return their call. The accuracy of these comments is shown by the film itself. The basis of Vidal's story is there, but not just that the story has been the rice of all broad results, it seems to be useless and itself. Everything comes with many directions, nothing linking, and many events taking any logic of previous events that may have. And when Sarne director often says in his opinion that he wanted to make a film like a fresh farce, just the laughs are generated is an accident. The biggest among these accidents is Mae West. It is true that the West is not stored carefully and for that he did not have any way to lose to one liner - but no consideration of the fact that he is in seventy years, and his belief that he is still a sexiest trick in leather shoe is very unsettling, say at least . But worse, in fact, is the fact that the West is out of its era. His attempt to translate himself into the hip and what happens to persona causes one of the most humorous human exhibitions on the film. <br /> <br /> Escape left largely lost. Raquel Welch, an underestimated actress very much, has the position of the very title of Myra as a doll of Barbie on steroids; Rex Reed is not an effective actor in Myron's position, but the whole role is essentially uncertain. John Huston only with cameos players John Carradine, Jim Backus, William Hopper, and Andy Devine are emerging. Yes, it is true everyone who is involved in the film was afraid it would be: soon when you should be slow, slow when you should be quick, without unfunny from the beginning to the end. It is true that the director Sarne has an idea that is constantly guided - like in the use of everyone's films from Shirley Temple to Judy Garland to create a counterpoint for action - but in general, every time Sarne was given a choice of how to do something that he seems to have done wrong. How and why that is made clear in the voice of Sarne. Sarne did not like a novel or, for that, the whole thing. He didn't want to write a screenplay, but he needed money; he strongly did not want to direct the film, but he needs money. He makes it clear that he did not like the author Gore Vidal and Rex Reed (when he says openly that Reed "is not a good man"), and even today he sees that Vidal and Reed worked under the film because he refused to play in "homosexual agenda" - which, when you come down, it seems to be their desire that Sarne really novels of Vidal films rather than letting himself of weirdly. Even though he uses the right time of the definition that the film is very popular with the gay community, Sarne is never quite clear to understand that the film's appeal to the gay audience comes from its improper orientation to gender people. While being taken aside by the film itself, Sarne emerges as more than a minor discrimination - and indeed the worst choice of writers and directors who could be made to this project. <br /> <br /> In addition to Sarne and Welch's views and text documentation, the release of DVD includes several tracks and two versions of the film: the "release of the" release version and the "restored" version. The only difference between the two is that the last place in the "restored" version is published in black and white colors. Plans made before the film have not been restored, but the details of the document that had been. The biggest transfers of both are very good and sound is very good. But when I started it, this is really a film that interested filmmakers are interested in the interests, films, and fans of devotional movies. I give three out of five stars for them alone, but everyone has to pass. Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Reviewer
