MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of the films that have never created a history of the film immediately. Praise for the film did not exist, even from people involved in making it. This film was hit one day. While everyone now and someone meets some of the maverick who will praise the film on the basis of philosophy (feminine or boldness to deal with transgenderism), the film has not created the following worship as some of the worst. It is not regarded as an incomprehensible as SCARFACE, or is provided to be displaced as a classic camp like SHOWGIRLS. Of course the reason is that the film, though very angry, does not like, or looks even. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is quite clear. If the satire of Hollywood is cold-blood and meaning-spirited, but in a meaningless meaningless way. MYRA takes the place that Hollywood is a bad city, but it goes beyond attacking icons as lovers like Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The film seems to mean that everything about Hollywood is of its very nature. It seems to think that there is something good for courage to mock the sacred bull, but it does not give the reason to make the first shock. The film also faces an anti-US and anti-establishment and protesting this and protesting it, but all over, in the late 1960s, the trend of the trend. Like CASINO ROYALE; SKI-DOO; I love you, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other hip, MYRA is a vision of a mid-hippy-dippy culture. It tries to accept that view that you are ignoring. But instead of being disrespectful to boasting, MYRA does not attempt to hide its scorn for everything that comes within its grasp. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has a humorous humor; there is not one time of innocence in it. Its purpose is not honorable. TIME newspapers clarify that “about as amazing as a child molester,” but not as close as compassionate. For example, Poor Mae West had experienced a serious infringement of the criticism of the film, it is said as it seems like everything from the queen of aging to the walk-in again. The octogenarian star is not known how stupid he was looking to play the talent of talented talent after young enough to be his grandchildren or even his grandchildren. But, director Michael Sarne had to know, but he used him yet. Why? Because, it seems that he was a joke. Like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine and other movie artists, when they are just so the film can despise their age and use it to lose their film photos. They are beaten as private organs, like Rex Reed, a proud film filler, who is beaten just like in the film. But real reed, celebrity hound, bird-set, talk show speculation, can be charming through obnoxiously funny; but as Myron, Myra alter ego, he is just obnoxious. Again, it looks for Sarne, Reed is a joke. You are looking at MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you don't see actors, you see the victims. No more than Raquel Welch. No one will accuse Welch of being a good actor, but it is his loyalty agreement and his appeal that he survived this film and his work was successful. Since almost every area, Welch was in front and in the middle as a focus on film-based violence, but on its loan, it gives a very good performance. Although, of course, the focus was on the Huston chewing and the Western landscape near the catatonic, Welch should not do much to make a good balance. However, he gives his indifferent conversation with the death ceremony, with a sense of self-righteous self that would make any of James Bond villain pride. Legend is that Welch was struck by Western Destruction and has often abused the verbal abuse of the director of the disturbing Sarne, not to mention the appearance in one area that caused it after another, and to make it more remarkable that he was able to offer as well as cool and collected performance. The only interesting feature of the film is trying to find out what the film agenda is. The whole story is a fable story, which should show that it has the values ​​to give, but what could be a guess of anyone. With all his discussion about destroying the "ultimate culture of traditional cultural culture from the race," it seems to have a feminine mason. But as a woman, Myra is a great example, a sexual partner. Besides, Myra is not a woman, but it is the deception of Myron, who may be a gay man. That could describe the area of ​​male rape as well as the love / hate attitude toward the eyes, it seems to be the same, the dead, but it does not describe her endurance and sexual experiment with Mary Ann Farrah Fawcett. The film is considered by sex, but it cannot be charged that it is partnering with the sexual revolution; All sex is considered to be, if not dirty, than at least lose and lose. Turning to the original novel of Gore Vidal is not any help, because it is confused and nothing like a film. And this is an odd movie that seems to hate movies. Not only movies as business, but movies are part of culture as well. The film itself is a reflection of the wall to the old cinema, all of which the director-journalist Sarne is approaching in desperation. He has invaded the 20-year-old film films and films films and films of the old films, not as a cult or a public comment, but to contemplate the lack of Hollywood in the past. How can the artist - if you want to call Sarne - do artwork if you already hate the most working one? Much effort is completely failed. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE does not seem to be interesting for anything unless it is very bad. It hates Hollywood, hates America, hates sex, hates homosexuals and young men and women and men and young people and Laurel and Hardy and, well, you call it and possibly have an area of ​​disrespect. In a sad and very sad way, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE can be the first manifesto of the punk, the ceremony of nihilism of pop culture.
