I bought a set of 4 DVDs of 10 bucks on my local Suncoast, which had this movie with three other horrible fricks (including its series "Ratio XI"). So basically I paid less than $ 2.50 rock for this movie, if you do math. I can't say exactly that I was broken. I have something of horrible movies, but this is the kind of trash that gives the garbage bad name. The budget cannot be more than $ 1,000 (although it looks like they spent a total of 1.50 dollars). I know it's a small movie budget, but that is not an excuse for a never-worked camera. The film "Blood Religion," though not very good, was given to a very low budget and still had a good working camera and act. Acting in this film is the definition of "unintentional," especially from the young muscle and the emphasis on Texas. Everyone is reading too much their lines off the page. You can take it for example or real. I can't be surprised if the script was off the camera when they were doing. I said before I had never seen an English actor. This movie has quite a few. And although English movies are not always good, they seem to have at least a modern standard, why I don't see why any English, or English, volunteer to make a sandy video-style freeze like this. Is Ivory Merchant kept their call? Typically, I think people are very hard for directors and executives. Even some of the worst movies in Hollywood have a professional level in leading departments, acting and movies. Even when you look at the film as "Glitter" you can not honestly look like a third party trader photographed (although a third player could write a script). I have seen home movies that are better shot than "X-Revolution," and that's not expanding anything. Even that year has been limited since the filmmakers found only money to buy a fake buyer on the Party Party. Not one effort put into making this film - let's just count it like that. You get a picture. There is a good deal of weakness, although it does not save it. However, I must say that a red-orange girl, who is either naked or wearing a filtering in the film, is very hot! My logo: 1 (between 10)
