I saw this movie directly after completing the book, and perhaps that was a negative or very stupid idea. I think it was the end. First of all, it was not correct in many small details, but important. One of the first things I saw was, during the day of the day of Winston's day in his career, his conversation, eating in a restaurant, etc.. He feels free to be happy and make a pleasing eye to people without great fear. One of the most important parts of the book, is that even in small business it was not easy to show even the feeling of his true feelings in his face. This has also been shown in the events of the road. In Winston's book he knew that this was a great risk of walking around there and was worried about every trip. While in the film, it does so often and without fear, that it loses important sense of heavy monitoring and risk away from the bat. <br /> <br /> Other incorrect ones include Winston to hide his diary in the wall, that's very few changes, but it asks a question, what is the point? There is also something that oppresses the director who can do with the book, and that's the epileptic characters. A great understanding was very stressful, however. First of all, one of the key pieces of the book is that Big Brother is a government derived from a philosophical philosophy, but it is not lost. In the film, jump and go straight to make you think that the government is run by Hitler and technology. Which is true, for, when it is directed to its association, but if all of it comes from Big Brother, you have lost the book. The awesome thing about Big Brother is that, somehow, has some points behind his philosophy. When O'Brien takes the attention of Winstons in the Ministry of Love, he understands everything Winston says against Big Brother. The fact that he listens, and progresses in his philosophy, is actually what is interesting and exciting. At the end, (look carefully at the front) when Winston says he loves Big Brother, the horrible thing is that you don't know if it's the shape of the beat and torture that has caused this, or the real power behind philosophy. I don't mean to say that Big Brother's philosophy has points that are interesting to me, but his mind and depth are what makes this book very interesting. Also, how can anyone feel any relationship between Julia and Winston in the film? It was very bad, no relationship. <br /> Where was O'Brien before she gave her a Winston address? One of the things that carried the book was Winstons thought on O'Brien before contacting him. In the film, just jump the gun. But that's about the summary why this film was a bad adaption: because it is impossible NOT to fly the gun characters and morph in less than two hours. How can one think that this film was seen as if it was less than two hours? At the very least, the movie requires 3 hours to capture some of the highlights and connections. Any little thing is not important. If you liked the book, and I really meant it, you won't approve this film, and the space is, you already know you can't. Because the book cannot be closed, and this film proves how impossible it is to have something of respect in a small film film. <br /> <br /> Two out of ten stars
