I had no experience of the first film "Cube". It was a good idea, but acting with angry anger was always protecting me from love. It doesn't really feel the need to see its safe but when I heard they were making a third film that would be like the prequel more original. I was so surprised, I think that maybe they could fix some of the original problems and give us a memorable award for the characters. Well I thought wrong. Cube Zero begins well by introducing us with two characters involved to watch and maintain an endless maze of traps that destroy people in the cube. Film workers succeed in providing a sense of mystery and the introduction of the daily routine of two men. Several questions have been created from them, about why people are sent there and also the true nature of those who run the whole operation. All that is left entirely for the viewer. Acting was very weak but all in the first half of the movies moved smoothly. For the story going on, one of the two "viewers" begins to develop a great concern about what he is doing. And then they decide to go and help the group is closed. Here is everything that starts fast to clear on soft cheese. Sent by people who run the Cube program are brought by the "Jax" character. Together with the two wives they make a major reason why this film is a failure. The start of "Jax" looks and talks more like a third of a man who is taken directly from the movie James Bond full with the "glass" of the popular, which alone damages any situation designed to the first half. What's more is that it starts to feel more like a comedy rather big movie. With some extraordinary lines, perhaps the scan writer got tired and didn't care. Acting itself weakens the lowest when the former "observers" meet the group in the Cube. The whole mix is ​​interesting to look like everything else follows. <br /> <br /> Then defeat the amazing anything but weak characters, dialog and act "Cube Zero" is a waste of time for those who are looking for a good movie.
