but "Cinderella" gets my vote, not only for the worst movies of Disney's princess, but for a very bad movie company made during Walt's life. Music is very good, and the story deserves to be called "classic." What fails in this film is the characters, especially the character of the head, who could only be called "heroine" for the loosest sense of time. <br /> <br /> After a short talk, the audience is brought to Cinderella. He comes in the morning and sing "Dream is You Want Your Heart to Do It." This put him as a professional (and so it suits our mercy). Unfortunately, the script is not given a clue about what he is going to do. Freedom from the role of his servant? Respect for his family's action? A person talking to him instead of a mouse and a bird? In one song (cut from the film but presented in a special part of a recent DVD) Cinderella explains his passion that there may be many of him so that he can do his job more effectively. You're going to a girl! In short, Cinderella is a very good character. He accepts the abuse of his family's step, by running in his unknown dreams of solutions. He is stating at once to remind his mother that he is still a member of the family. For this, he is given permission to go to the ball if he finishes his homework and finds something to wear, a sign that is quite clear to everyone but, in fact, Cinderella. What? Can anyone see Belle or Jasmine being the same door? If Cinderella is slow, her boyfriend is nothing to lose. The King of Cinderella has no conversations with no screen time. We are not given a signal if he is a good person, if he respects Cinderella or anything. All we know is 1) he is great and 2) plays well. Heck, even the greatest from "Snow White" sounded a romantic song at least. Not only does this lack of development make unpleasant love, it makes Cinderella look like a social player or idiot, undermining its already tenuous appeal. <br /> <br /> Maybe realize how red the main characters, the animators chose to give a lot of time screens to the comic aid of movies, friends of Cinderella, mouse. In fact, these characters love. However, when the comic aid plays the performances from the heads, well, let's just say your story has some problems. Dinsey likes to announce all its animations as "art works." Although most of them are, there are some that do not deserve this quality in any way. Cinderella is a prime example of this fact.
