Cube 2: Hypercube (2003), and play off the success of the original Cube claim (1998), Director Ernie Barbarash takes the freedom to bring us a third phase in trilogy, Zero Zube before Cube. > Deep inside the intestines of a large and useless institution, time and place unknown, two low operators, Wynn (Zachary Bennett) and Dodd (David Huband) sit and watch over monitors behavior of people who have been placed in a huge network of The cubia rooms, some of which are poured to death traps. He told them that the investigators are being judged by the killers who have chosen this terrible and deadly problem on the injection of the assassination, these viewers have no problems with their work until Wynn, a mathematician, finds that one of the prisoners, a woman named Cassandra (Stephanie Moore) never did not accept entry into Cube. Suddenly it has realized that their "work" is not what they appear, and that they can be part of a major disease and a distorted ... <br /> For people who have seen and enjoyed the original Cube, this prequel is probably not for your love. It is not that the story is not capable; it's just that the first Cube film was not needed to be extended. Standing alone, it is a good psychological fun with a very interesting and sure concept about its own message. It was also itself. The problem with Zube Zube is that it destroys some of the original mystique, trying to answer questions and more questions but only cause a mess of what you never need to fix. <br /> <br /> What this new film has to offer, which is questions about the psychological state of freedom and destruction of evil, is certainly good questions to rise, but perhaps should be done so on their own qualities, rather than developing The film that had no such expectations. Having said these, other films, such as acting and leadership and writing, are not bad. There is a black look, a dark film like films such as 'Matrix' and 'Dark City', and indeed they have been able to restore the sense of claustrophobic of the first Cube. Unfortunately for Barbarash, these are not good enough to keep it.
