If you ever wanted to see a film that emphasizes the style on the substance, this is for you. For me, the Son of Mar is good to see, but there is a small value substances, except mawkish, melodramatic, manipative love yarn to turn you. This may be one of the most popular 'flicks' that you have heard many stories. <br /> <br /> We are about half of this film before anything happens: Ulises (Jordi Molla) goes to the sea looking for us, and returns, leaving his wife Martina (Leonor Watling) and child to make herself. Then, for six minutes of screen time, the Ulises, Martina gets married again, and her child grows in the middle of childhood. This quick guide is jarring, say at least, and very angry: after 40 minutes of hanging around, we're in full melodrama, every six minutes. I think this is called "pacing narrative narrative". Five years later, Ulises (such as Ulysses to fight too hard, to get it?), just returning to Penelope's (Watling) just to find Sierra (Eduard Fernandez), a useless rich man (What does he do to get all the dough?) Who sets the crocodile so much enough. When Martina, with great anger, Ulises questions about his lack, tells him that he will take the island of Sumatra one day and he will understand everything. <br /> <br /> And here's the thing: he DOESN 'T took him to the island of Sumatra. Refer to the only place in the script. It is not true to describe when she was and why she ignored his wife and her child for five years. RIGHT to leave it as a decent young man, and the film is not worth filling the holes that look at us for at least half of the film. I can only assume that Bigas Luna's director wants us to fill in the lines of stories and hidden symbols (fish, reptiles, ocean) provides through a revolutionary display and evasive dialogue. It doesn't just work. The film "film" on this film is about to look more like a dressing cloth. <br /> <br /> I am sure Jordi Molla is a good actor, but I can just buy her Ulises as any kind of hero (which is what Ulysses originally had to be). With a sense of humility, it provides a short line of poems similar to Virgil twice and every time it likes Martina for an explosive orgasm. This person should be rented to strengthen stale marriage. I'm sure Virgil would be interested. He didn't get too often, as I understand. This poetry "device" is very popular in the film, and I had no choice but to think it was a gender change of the famous "siren" song of Ulysses (ie beautiful girls like to sing in the sea, who were punished if they answered, well, the siren phone. If this is the Bigas Luna is approaching, you can see the problem - it gives a signal caused by a hitting-and-grab sign on Top Art. Once again, it doesn't work, at least in my eyes. <br /> <br /> Watling is a good and beautiful magnetic ritual, but gives us a character here that doesn't seem to have a lot of intelligence or even a deep romance. It is beyond me how he can fall in love with a boy who plays a tax on his face (if he doesn't exist), the hair of the 1960's hair that looks more like the sea, and one of the 21st-century beards (you know , growing for four days, no longer, no less. He deserves to be a dream boy (I think), but those eyes that show that he can have more suffering from the great prediction for the preposterous script. But, do not break down, this film is good looking. Don't try to connect the dots on red dirt or think about what you hear through discussion. You can make the lost by quickly distributing this film (especially in the first 40 minutes) and you will certainly not miss too much.
