Steven Vasquez ordered and wrote in collaboration with James Townsend, a star, this amazing extraordinary game that emerges with great ideas and motives: make a gay film that takes a different story than usual and perform a concert that wants to be judged on its reputation as excited. Why doesn't it work? At the beginning the film loses its focus from the opening frame and walks rather than in the film, the dead have made a horrible excitement but interrupted to convince viewers who want to see nude encounters. It is not a bad thing: it can actually improve the films that have become the success of Hollywood. The film also tries to talk about experience from young men and women, relationships, reproductive health, the club's location and all wild antics associated with these events - and murder. It is too little to photograph in 96 minutes. It is a successful child and a good partner Jenna (Sarah Kelly) but has an eye on boys and visiting a bar where it meets Brian (Alex Wilson) who has been under that way and can offer Devon's support each level. They are collateral, Devon comes out, and the mystery begins: boys are missing in the neighborhood, the father of Devon's father Dr. Kirk Tyler (Dan Swett) is not all visible and despite the devon's mother of comfort Donna (Sonja Fisher) Devon is thrown on the street because of its new relationship. It seems that Dr. Tyler is in the business of dark and Hunky Detective Cunningham (Earl McDougle) who seems to explore the missing boys ... Devon collects his resources from his friend's partner Jenna and his observers and colleagues reveals the dark activities of Dr. Tyler and his side of the detective. And in that way Donna shines the warmth and understanding as the perfect mother of the girl, etc.. Some of the actors are fascinating to the eye (and there is a very irregular eye!) But the degree of action is at all times down. The only thing that makes us forgive (and in some cases is just the poor to forgive) is a sense of commitment to the part of everyone involved. Yes, this is a small budget movie and yes, the director needs time to learn his business. But at the end there is something needed for people involved trying to take a gay film to different levels. Maybe one of them will be beaten more. Grady Harp
