... and not in a good way. BASEketball is losing the film for many ways. It is irritating to all emotions. This is not bothering me, I have seen many bad movies, very bad movies before and you will see them again. BASEketball though it is a caliber film where you regret to lose ninety minutes of life staying that way. The reason for BASEketball accuses me is that the star Trey Parker and Matt Stone in the film they did not write. Any respect I had for David Zucker has taken a long time. His latest films are a delicate mess that is seen and felt like they were made by boys before pubescent hit on the penis. "Birds" was a revolutionary comedy and very funny, looking at BASEketball will be surprised to discover that they were made by one person. I'm very respectable to Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These men are the happiest and most intelligent girls in today's entertainment today. Their photos and South Park sessions are as important as they like. All the consumption even the fart joke has a mind behind them. It is easy to forget that there is a mature way to achieve maturity. I think BASEketball was a great experience for them because they hate the film for all the right reasons. It's a stupid mess without respect of class or class. Parker and Stone tied themselves. Film plays as part of the 90 minutes of Family Life. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone has never been good actors. They have been used in their films. I can't find a way to describe their performance in BASEketball, except the fact that it feels like they spoofing film spoofing film spoof. Each line is provided in such a form of foam. It is as if they are trying to stimulate these worst images and still do the same for them. I am reminded of a part of South Park "How to eat with your butt" where Cartman stays in the cinema theater watching a great comedy without a conspiracy or a possibility except outside the outside, Parker and Stone uses the same sounds they did in the area for all this picture. The truth is sad. It is not my problem with BASEketball. My big gripe and picture is that I stay there knowing that Parker and Stone know to follow this piece of script. I know that if they took something big and wrote again that this would have been saved to the point of appearance. There is no indication that Zucker enables improper attractions. Parker and Stone are just a tool for a bad director. BASEketball has some funny ideas and I think Parker especially if she was allowed to take Zuckers script she could define them more. Instead we get the fun of potty. Don't lose BASEketball you can get the same laughter to watch a group of school readers shouting
