When you want a dragon to eat every member of the cast, you know you're on a bad journey. I came in with a very low expectation, after reading some of the other comments, and didn't stop. Unlike other cheap and failed movies, however, this is not recommended hilariously (and without surprising) for everything. It is a very different plan. Checking the "small" errors, like a 3-hour dragon, any idea of ​​this is broken. Look, the cinema asks us to believe that dragons came from the outside space in the form of meteorites which was actually the dragon's eggs. After describing this, they show some farmers blowing one side of his hat and the dragon comes out. Later, the boy of "mad scientist" writes about how dragons lived more than dinosaurs. So apparently human beings were around when the dinosaurs were, or we just have a hole of a little plot here. Another important thing is that the laboratory is beaten with a strong "half as strong" as it was used by Hiroshima. Then the two boys walk in to watch everything out, and certainly not disturbed! There is even another dragon, which grew from who knows what. All in all possible. As soon as the boy mentioned the cloning, I thought they would connect the dragon. That means that our Smarty-Pants security guy's guy is not so intuitive and smart as the movie would you believe, if you ignore that I knew this film would be about, you know, dragons. Try to set it aside, the second is the worst thing is "special effects." Some have mentioned artificial reefs in the beginning, the CG helicopter, and the dragon. It seems to be much better than a blob, but it has caused anything that was going on when it came out of the hall in the same way from time to time. With their credit, dragons originally appeared OK from far (though one in the cave is probably the worst in the entire movie.) These things are funny look, however. The events where the different shots of the same person facing different ways are shown are not. Neither is "safe" screens with key stats. <br /> <br /> Coming to the participants, they were not heads, but I think at least they tried? They seemed more interested in what they did than most of the participants involved in the recent BloodRayne, for example, and give them points for it. One thing I noticed though is that the woman who plays Meredith often had her face covered in making that was the most tons of lighter than the rest of her. He seemed like he had run-in bad with a white face. <br /> <br /> Script is bad and cheesy. You don't know music, but in fact it's not the worst for the most part. The bottom line does not look at it unless you want to see it because you feel it is bad (as I did), although only interesting things are the bad effects of CG. Other than that, don't waste your time and money.
