I paid this 5 film for pure mercy. My intention is not to burst the bubble of anyone, because I have seen, as I have considered other views, that this film is widely known by many. In fact, it is not worth any attribute, and I say this because I have seen the original anime, Basilisk, and this movie destroys it very much. Perhaps if you see Shinobi alone, you can love it. It is enjoyable due to better warfare, according to more fantasy than military art, and I agree that their beauty has been greatly enhanced. But the story is not something like the original. Now, I understand that when someone changes the anime / manga on a movie, someone must make some changes. I did not expect to see freakish characters from the anime, although they have a well-established role, and some are very detailed and well designed. But I certainly didn't expect to see the big and bad changes, which basically destroys the whole story. The characters who are largely and unhealthy, have been transformed into something that the public can love more, perhaps. For example, Oboro, who, in anime is a beautiful, innocent girl, completely and totally with Gennosuke, becomes the leader of the generation of revenge in the movie. I loved the fact that the woman is strong and prevents the shortcomings set by that time (we say about Japan, the 17th century), but the change of her feelings is uncertain and wrong. Hotarubi, which is one of my most famous characters in the film, but who is unknown to its young and sensitive nature, becomes a little girl who does not know only in love as in anime, but is more or less meant to plot. I could continue on, as did Tenzen, the most dangerous and most dangerous in the anime, unique weak and unpopular, or how Gennosuke, the leading character seems to have been beaten and confused, without mentioning, WEAK. Music is beautiful and the picture is amazing, which was expected on the Japanese movie, and I enjoy it. But don't look at this if you have seen and enjoyed Basilisk, because it doesn't have hope. Basilisk, although according to fantasy, and things of fear and largely spread it is splendid and has much deeper in its characters, storyline, historical value and it is, I can say, heart of heart. Shinobi was a temporary destruction and I could not believe it continued to follow what was supposed to be a peak. Alas, it hurts so much pain to judge the movie so violently, but I advise you against it. Please, check out the anime, or at least look at the first film and then repeat your pictures of what Basilisk really is watching anime. Otherwise you will be shocked when you realize how they killed.
