It seems embarrassing that Greta Garbo finished his remarkable career at the age of 36 with this deficit of the wrong marriage error. The successful departure of his first romantic comedy, Ernst Lubitsch's "Ninotchka" (1939), where he had to be thrown as a Russian delegate who was not easily accessible, Garbo reunited with his leading Melvyn Douglas to sitcom's story. to play Karin Borg, a Jane-clear mountain teacher who tries to marry the publishing executive Larry Blake beaten by him. Once he explains that the job is his priority, Karin decides to be responsible as his sister's lifetime twin Katherine to try to trust her husband when he returns to Manhattan. It is strange that this 1941 of the misfire contamination was led by George Cukor, who led Garbo to its greatest performance in 1937 "Camille", because this is like deleting the car as someone can think for the story of the screen. The only person with the natural sense of ease and destruction of Carole Lombard could escape with shenanigans released in the script by-the-numbers by S.N. Behrman, Salka Viertel and George Oppenheimer. MGM's intention behind this comedy was to reflect and fix the Garbo picture for the audience of the battle that the heads of the studios felt uncomfortable with the traumatic characters that he liked in three years. However, Garbo looks sick- more easily like a bogus party girl Catherine and especially compared to an expert farceurs like Douglas and Constance Bennett as a romantic partner Griselda. He was photographed unlike Joseph Ruttenberg, Garbo appears tired in many cases and standing very in his hair cut with a chica-choca dance. Stories are usually completed but by adding a long series where Larry tries to run his skis on a mountain range of mountains which unfortunately reminds me of the death of Sonny Bono. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (for a rare appearance at this stage of his work) show the role of comic support as Douglas partners. This movie has never been on DVD, and it would not have been a priority for the transfer if it represents a curio in another work of Garbo's story. It was reported that he was not happy when photography. I can see why.
