When this film plays on television you would like to save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There is nothing special here that you need to see. The story is about two married couples from Arkansas who travel along with Reno. Number one is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton) who is a car dealer and has trouble with his marriage. His wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and has a low opinion of her and they have never been a long time. Lonnie has been sleeping with Candy (Shakira Theron) who is the best friend of his friend Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). They all move to Reno and four of them live in one prestigious one. Roy and Pipi have been trying to have a baby and finally Candy finds that she is pregnant. But Roy calls his doctor in Arkansas and sees that he is born. Candy and Lonnie accept their situation and now the whole trip is in chaos. This film is directed to Jordan Brady and has made some of the smaller budget films but this is the first to give us this amazing. Unfortunately Brady does not show many flair but can't put all blame on it. This script is not only surprising and one of the most difficult problems is that all characters are recorded at the sitcom level. Because they all come from the south doesn't mean they should be stupid and the internet. Thornton's behavior does not have much more to wait bellboy than a dollar. And Swayze's behavior is called a fool and dumb and everyone in the film and one of the best moments comes when he asks everyone to put him at least one day. Penelope Cruz is emerging as a prostitute and is worthless and meaningless comeo. He hardly speaks more than 3 or 4 verses! I think he was fulfilling the duty of Harvey and Bob Weinstein who are the producers of this film. The only person who is not bad is Richardson. We look at him more confident in himself but this program in the film is obvious and cliche. All these actors should know well and it is difficult to think that they all read the script and liked it. It is a complete waste of time for these actors but at least they were paid. As for the audience, it is not paid to you to discard this!
