David H. Steinberg's script seemed to have some realistic facts that could make a good romantic comedy, BUT but, oh dear! What happened in the way ??? !!! <br /> <br /> I'll tell you what happened. Origin is (House of Animals - 1978) and (Porky's - 1982). Although that was a long time ago, but those are the founders, the godfathers of the new species: the little boy. Then the 1990s came. After the most important events that happened hits (I have lowered myself) like (Child Problems - 1990), (Dumb and Dumber - 1994), (Nutty Professor - 1996), and (Something About Mary - 1998) which I think slackers are affected and, there was about the era and the prophet of the second age, one and alone: ​​(American Pie - 1999) which of course is a typical type of type. After this I think every comedy of that kind of being very dirty, cum laude bad, being admired by the youth otherwise it can be out of fashion! I believe that (Slackers) had a good plot as first as a script, then its creators need to add a huge amount of: fraud, dirt, incredible innocent sex - those days - as simple as a pie! If they had to fill each area with autonomous things such as: sexual intercourse, oral sex, urination .. just check the mode '. They are absolutely unnecessary things for the story but surely they are very important to make profits, and get the latest vogue in making young comedies. The problem is how all this has been changed to any comedy as possible in it. <br /> <br /> Some of his time seems real horrible, and that as you see it is a step. All looks (Jason Schwartzman) looks and performance; memorable to remember it completely. Therefore, the desire was transformed from being a romantic citizen in doing things that were not done before the pictures of red skin. Be more like a panic where you ask all the time; what nastier could happen? (vomiting, deleting, etc.); these are the most simple combinations of creating comedy these days. Even though you hate you should be interested in something (especially for being confident), for me is just a Gina Gershon event of coming. Yet they put it in general to achieve it to be degraded-to-absurd, as the dream of a naughty boy. Although most of them were close to anyone's dream. What I did sadly was that this basic was a real job, and not cheap, another stupid fool as he finally managed to be. Remember well the details of stealing the test (the first 2 minutes), so the main plot of the movie (weirdo try to reach the girl by pouring the guys) through the example of (boy likes the girl, and the girl loves another boy) because saving that, not anything except The obvious schlock. It was done with its material in the form of a strong college of boys, who had nothing to do but to make the whales out of nothing, without doing it. Finished like, and I'm sorry to say, sh * t! Sming! <br /> <br /> At the end they said something (you might think!) About how it's time and place too for the offender or slack to win, quite like this comedy itself. It seems to end up well but with another movie quite better; which can prove my opinion on this as one smart .. Once! And it does not need many to understand that the creators of this film were real slackers! Perhaps the ignorant is the way to be smart in Hollywood, but even if the final result here was not at least a witty with any word of the word. PS: Its author (David H. Steinberg), who wrote the (American Pie 2) story, also has a main page on the IMDb where you will find the "extra" common "Plot Keywords" which is: Gender / Livestock / Humor raw / ... They just forget to write Urineing when Showering or Baring 70 Year Old Women!
