Slackers is another young boy who is not worth looking. Dave (Devon Sawa), Sam (Jason Segel) and Jeff (Michael C. Maronna) are approaching graduation from the University of Holden and Honors for lying, cheating and planning. Three participants are engaged in breach through the last four years of the university and now, during the final exams, these men-on-college deserve to be excluded from the most impenetrable dude at school. The plan is very stupid and there is no reason to look at this unless you are trying to stop the brain for a short time. Slackers is a young man who can be predicted which is not suitable for something new. Comedy in Slackers is a hit or miss but no really realistic or original time in the movie. It's really just a collection of gags and some are really pretty funny. Although with all the jokes you work there are at least eight more that are not recommended. Screenplay is full of male and breast jokes which secondary school students and college students can enjoy. Even if they do, they will probably not remember this film after a while if it is not a very comedy comedy. Jason Schwartzman has Ethan's female and after being seen in other beautiful comedies she has bowed pretty down. Jaime King and Devon Sawa are another great star but they are doing the worst in this film. This is headed by Nicks Dewey and this is his first film so you can't blame him. The character of funniest maybe Laura Prepon though, she is not in the very movie. The film is very short for only 86 minutes, however, which can be too long for other people who do not like this humor. Slackers are not worse films than in 2002 but they are certainly less than average. Compared to other films in such a variety there is much better outside such as No Another Movie Movie, American Pie and its sequels, scary Movie 1 & 2 etc. So unless you have seen many of them and you're looking for something new then Slackers can agree with the bill but better more if you see anything else. 4.3 / 10 testing below the average comedy of the boy which needed to fly.
