There are many films that have set the release date, just get pulled from the distribution due to a legal snafu of some sort, and then put in the song for a long time. You can only want the film as rotten as "Slackers" remained in the coma for what is worth, which is miniscule. Release dates have continued to change around this very bad film which is very bleep on the radar as it deserves. The cluster has ended under the shadow of Ethan, the creepy nerd and the scary obsession for the bushell's college Angela. Ethan Satan causes the help of David and his friends who have been hitting school to run for their support to help win Angela. I don't like to give out, but with a piece of skin like this I can make discrimination. Angela falls to David, Ethan deliberately hits everything up, good people win. That's what happens briefly with another rejead of exhausting the kind of outdoor boy. The most humorous humor is always in the days of eternal life "The House of Animals", for the loved ones of the day as "There Is Something About Mary" and "Road Journey" among many others who have too much to mention. But when you use it as a plot you can only get to date, the case for sure, Ethan has an Angela doll that includes her own hair which hair knows why. Nobody wants to give evidence to look at Ethan picking in the shower while singing for himself. Nobody wants to ask a young man to sing "He will come near the mountain" and sock on his penis. But nothing can prepare you for a full sight of seeing 50 bombs. Mamie Van Doren has opened her breasts at the age of 71 years. Dewey Nicks was a former photographer, and after watching this film, you can only want him to return to the profession. The worst thing you can do on any film, is to make it look like you're enjoying it, because it prevents your goals, such as "Slackers" makes it, by hiding the details of the plot under a bunch of large, insignificant vignettes, and lack of construction. It's like a group of college students who were drunk, took one camcorder, and hit a group of random crap and collected it together. If you want to see the comedy out of the boy which is very good, then I recommend "America Pie" and "House of Animals", or "Road Trip", something that is entertainment, and not as bad as "Slackers". Unfortunately Cameron Diaz makes a cameo in this film, just like he did in other bad films such as "Sweetest Thing" where the story takes great humor as another plot, instead of a device such as this catastrophe. your local video, keep walking, and stop back to the shelves as appropriate.
