I was aware of Rohmer's admiration for the late work of those like cineasts, and that viewers usually are generally considered to be an art failure (like Renoir or Chaplin's last movie, yes, "politique des Auteurs" also has its dark side) . But with the "Les amours d'Astrée et de Celadon", it is as if Rohmer himself wanted, why could have its last movie, to develop this culture of the great directors, who made the ultimate fiction film, by fixing the "Urfé" L 'astrée', with ridiculous aesthetic codes, just a wizard look like a Rosselini parody of the last cinema (those made for TV from Descartes or Marx life). <br /> <br /> In its version of "Perceval", Rohmer refused the real image movies to revise what could be a medium-sized representation. The director apparently changed his mind during the XVII century involved, and film actors, dressed as 1600 farmers memorize their antic text surrounded by modern trees and landscapes. But anything seems to be more ridiculous than Luchini and its fake trees. It is not that the story itself is stupid, but the way Rohmer combines the nature of nature and material seems to be a teenager and a child that becomes subject to ease (and I have never talked about the angry remarks of actors, humorist sadness and sadness trying by Rodolphe Pauly. , soft soft erotic tone, poor music music, or fascination wonderful for trasvestisment!). The radical aesthetic of the film eventually makes it seem like a joke, which mixes the soft-erotic movie made by TV and biological discussions (sic!). At the beginning of the film, Rohmer teaches us that the original French region of the story was now seen in the future, and this is why he had the film "L'Astrée" in other parts of the country. However, I am sure the movie would look more sophisticated and interesting, as Rohmer would really still have the same story movies in the modern area with similar story stories and artistic decisions. This film may be of interest to a few historians, but most of the cinephiles can laugh at this last and sad film of Rohmer.
