I don't usually write a comment when there are many others but this time I feel it should. I have talked about taste in another review, and say that it's all in the eye of the viewer but when it comes to this film, if you like, it just means having a bad taste. <br /> <br /> I like the film. I liked the "Isle of the Dead" which is a lot of B&W unknown film. I loved even “screaming” and “Scary Movie” I liked these movies because, if not much, at least something good about them. I am grateful to 99.9% of the movies I have seen because they say a story I have never heard before, and many directors are doing only film and good news. In this film I was thinking "Where does this go?" (even near the end) "Where did they get evil actors from?" "Was that a joke?" and as such. I was worried, but I hope it would "make" the film and prove that I had not lost my time. I was very wrong. The story of the story was bad to start with the loss of the truth to destroy any hope of hope there was. Here is the region: Story story? much like the first film, which was the same, this is slow and decreased and no connection of viewers with characters or situations. The situation is both controversial and mysterious and predictable. Loss was bad, it didn't make me feel something, like excitement or WOW. Only "MY GOD." There was nothing in the abundance of films that you can look back and think "Oooo is not clever" because it was not. In the "Fighting Club" there is at the end at the end of the end shows the fact that Tyler's true identity was displayed, and when you looked again you saw more, it was the work of courage, how it was written, posted and guided. This was an unnecessary attempt to lose surprises. I think it was "wild things" that were like two poor achievements and I still loved the film because others were right and didn't try to be too hard. Its as a writer of CI2 thought it would be the best loss ever. But in fact, his story was just bad and lost bad cast at the end. The film ended immediately after that, and all the film caused by the whole story of Sebastian did not mean the meaning and half of the horrible forced, ending with a young and very young and innocent girl. Acting ?? The characters in this film are afraid. Welcome as bad "Sunset Beach." - very corny and wrong work. It's not so bad it's as good as "Hunk". The worst work I thought came from Amy Adams who played Kathryn, it was hard, exciting and bad to reflect on her performance. Robin Dunne was also poor. I have not seen "Psycho II of America" ​​yet, but of course his course of "cold" has also dropped the film. I can't even say it's a good film for young people, if it's not her. If my son or daughter loved this film I would like to be ashamed. But they could not, however, if they take into account all the things that provide the best film, which this film does not exist. True. I am disappointed that some people have said "you may not be in the old mirror of this film, and so don't like it" I love all the movies that I like as a boy and I had a very good taste. Also, do you think that when you reach 20+ you don't like any boyfriends? No. I liked "Girls Girls" and other young boy's films, and watch "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time. There is no excuse for leading the poor, acting and screens. Besides, I was 16/17 when I first looked at it. If anything, being an adult only makes it a good judge of a terrible film. I don't believe anyone can give 10/10 or, one of my favorite movies is "Memento" and I have given 9 if I know it might be better. It is a disgrace for this website that people do it, give 10s fast, or don't get a film / show, and so give it 2. <br /> Anyone who loved this film should be different to its taste, and perhaps their life, and for this realize that this is the worst film EVER made. (worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> If you are not a young man with bad taste, or just do not have a bad desire you will hate this film.
