In fact I am not as strict on the sequels especially as the first film done well and finally a good movie. In 1999 I feel that one of the top five films is the Importation of Pirates. It had everything great movie should be except for the original story, adapted from the novel was still good. Show Explanation Notes 2 which were supposed to be only a series of film series manchester prep. Which should not happen. True after seeing this sweet film I can understand. Before starting something I was like at least a writer and director Roger Kumble did this too. Well 1 minute on this film I was disappointed. It begins with enhancing the opening of the natural and variant of the sebastian rather than putting the naked picture of the daughter on the net puts the head of the school principal in the school's honeycomb. This would be the same as the woman was not as 50. And basically all movies are a copy of the original carbon. Which I understand if there is nothing wrong with it. But you can't do it for the movie. This is actually a prequel I gave you just the opportunity to see how they did as they did in part 1. But Sebastian became more or less just prankster and Kathryn that he himself turned into a sebastian into a sex pastor was in real story, this film was not based on that. Anyone who made a blow on this thing was far away. They may have at least tried to find people who seemed like the original cast but no, they just recruited a group of even very good looking. I use this word though I don't know why. In fact they had nothing in this film. All this is a group of single towers that do not even match that nature was, and some of them did but that was just because they were from part 1. Another error was one place you can understand the need to work carefully because he had no involvement from teir parents who had them in him and were not used properly, as to show why children are like this. It didn't work anyway. The best thing though about nature was that the cast had chemotherapy in the world. The higher the tension of the screens which was there was what the film was. This really damages the experience of the first way of staying from this.
