Hate notes 2 are very serious of blood, which means it is bad. Words cannot express what is wrong, but I will give you go. The Warfare Strategy 2 is very similar to the first film. Sebastian (Robin Dunne), has been taken out of private schools and is forced to move to New York. There he decides to make a new start and life just a normal life and sit down. Unfortunately she has to deal with her sister Kathryn (Amy Adams) wants to evict her. Sebasta begins to fall in love with Danielle (Sarah Thompson), the innocent daughter of the General Director of the school. Kathryn wants Sebasta just to sleep around the whole school which was described as a 'prostitute' house. Kathryn also wants to take revenge by Cherie (Keri Lynn Pratt), who despised her during a school meeting. Kathryn wanted to make a new person into a big slut in school, similar to the first film plot. Cruel 2 Intentions are essentially deleting the TV show, which was transformed into a prequel. There are many problems with the film. It is written without cause, insufficient, and badly treated. Luckily to Amy Adams that the show has never stopped for now she is a great actress. While the Cruel Inventory had a sense of originality and it might seem to be placed in the real world, Intelions Cruel 2 installed in sitcom ground and as described on amazon.co.uk 'the randy version of Saved by Bell' There was a dark theme relating to sexual and drug use in the first film, but in Cruel 2 sanctions attempted to make it funny and some ideas in the film should not be, such as Kathryn having a relationship with the teacher. Other ideas are not used as a secret society where all the popular children meet to discuss the decline of other students. The film also had a serious sexual problem of 15/16 years. I know that young people are having sex, sometimes a lot, but when it is done on a film or television, it is done very carefully. One popular way was when Daneille told Cherie (who is around 14/15 in the film) to play sex behind the horse until she reaches orgasm. The idea of ​​turning a girl around 14/15 on the slut is very bad to me, and should not be made a subject of comedy. Jokes in the film falls flat, whether it's a gag of words like 'he goes every moisture when he sees you' on the gag of seeing where Sebastian pushes Kathryn face first into the mud. There is much not recommended with this film, which I don't have time to intervene, but I say it must be avoided. See the importation of Ukrainian, while not classic, it is still a decent film and takes it well. <br /> <br /> This film is a rainy nightmare, having school children having sex.
