I can never believe that I looked again last night after more than 25 years ... <br /> <br /> Sometimes back, I watched the film 6 Fu series ... Boris Karloff, and all 5 Chris Lees. The last two, all directed (and I use the word freely) with Jess Franco, were offensive. At that time, I came down, remembering that, somehow, it had continued. <br /> <br /> Well, I watched it. RIGHT again. Do you know what's worse to be a filthy film? The true piece of S ***. And that's how PLNENDISH PLOT is. It's a very good movie. Production of production, sets, clothing, music, photography, damage, good cast, some respect to act ... <br /> <br /> ... and quite, positive, one of SCRIPTS OF WORST in the history of The film! !!! AAUGH !!!!! The first minute of the film is deceptive ... one can make this mistake for a good movie. And then they begin to sing "Happy Birthday to Fu" ... and flows down. After Burt Kwouk (whose master says, "Your face - is familiar.") To accidentally shed out of Fu's short oil to remove the fire, causing his judgment to be tortured, burying and having his ears cut, it was a matter. very close to that you liked. It was like someone decided to have a film "campy" - so ridiculous would be funny. RISK, it's ... FUNNY ... not. It doesn't have all. Unfortunately, because it is clear in the first few minutes that a man made a lot of research in Fu Manchu series to get a large amount of "right". With a different script - either one of the one FUNNY, or one MONTHLY MONTH, they can have - can - ANA-have a classic in their hands. A film that would make a person not afraid of Jess Franco's evil ... instead of making someone who will dig like a head, in comparison. There was a late 70-year anniversary of all of the 30 actors raised in movies that were very bad. Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, Tarzan, Destroyer of Lone, Charlie Chan, even Doc Savage. I don't know, this can be very bad. It emerged a large amount of restraint not to accelerate on all its parts, especially the scenes containing Sid Caesar (the head of FBI who was also a cousin of Al Capone - what do you see and mean?). It's not just that thought in the movie is not funny ... often makes NO know everything. As at the time of the police "police" to the King and Queen, and we see the people "experiments" of dance-hall such as singing, dancing, and running unicycle. How did the authors of this thing have to take many medicines for anything to be meaningful to them? <br /> <br /> As I said, embarrassing ... and the actual waste of all talents, including that of Peter Sellers (who played both Fu and Nayland Smith), Burt Kwouk (who had been in Chris Lee Fu) The film of his time), Helen Mirren (a police woman who is surprised by the love of man and becomes close to stealing at the end of the film!). I begin to wonder if anyone will make a "correct" film Manchu, or if the fans deserve to stay with Karloff to be close?
