When the film started, I was shocked to see it was done using a cheap video camera! In fact, the camera happens and looks worse than the average home movie. Even directly on DVD movies should be more productive than this! Heck, a large percentage of home videos posted on YouTube has excellent production standards! Very often, the film seems to have been made to connect with the camera on the trip and open it - without a camera! Almost anything similar to the camera function does not exist in certain instances where they could work and in others there are too many or so many buttons. Come on! <br /> <br /> Movies are about two gay men who want to get married. As it was done nearly ten years ago, the only option was married in Vermont - once it was changed. However, the recent acceptance of homosexual marriage cannot be attributed to this film - if anything, puts gay marriage supporters instead of helping if the movie gets out and never tries to deal with it. According to the film, religious people are those who carry the Bible on a regular basis and throw people together with their wives who are gay men are thin when they learn their partners have been lying. I am sure that provides an opportunity for loyalty to both sides on the issue! <br /> <br /> The bottom line - nothing about the film that shows any skill at all and I even hesitate to call this film. It is more than a home movie and it is not even appropriate to list the IMDb or even included in the list of the IMDb of 100 of the worst films at all times. Acting is bad, the text is terrible, the direction (if there is even there) is awesome, the function of the camera is awesome and the plot is terrible. It's a home movie! No positive I can say about this in any way except that it makes Ed Wood movies look like the Oscar attackers in comparison and I'm sure that Mr. Wood's soul whispers every time someone looks at this mess! I don't care if you're gay or straight - this film is not good for your time and I don't know how they could create its DVDs. I think one of the executives burns on his home computer at his free time! By and large, this gives new meaning to the word 'bad'! By the way, if a woman in the film was a real lawyer, could the reading ability be very important? I am the only sign. "Finally, with gay marriage being a very important and important topic, we can't have a better film than this that covers this issue! This, sadly, welcomes only laughter.
