The worst Film ever, this is reported that people here IMDb often throw around. If it's a Uwe Boll movie, a bad elite like Manos Fate Hands or a recent no knowledge of winter from Michael Bay, people often go back to a sudden conclusion that on their board they write that nothing worse in the film world. I hate these people, because they do not know without joy and do not know how the rabbit hole is made. There are films out there too bad, so they are caused, and so uncomfortable and worried that rituals surround them by celebrating their evil and their discussion boards are the most beautiful sites on the Internet because everyone agrees to say that the film is very bad. My women and masters, I give you Ben and Arthur, an epic storm of 85 minutes which is so bad that it's a lot like a car crash, you know it's bad but you can't stop watching it. The self-proclaimed youth declared "Hollywood actress, director" and I could add a thin whale Sam Mraovich, this film is an awesome legal. I would like to give you an idea of ​​how ego derived from this project was. Mr Mraovich not only explained this film, he wrote, produced it, the producer produced it, closed it, and edited it and then it became a star. This is a person who has been blinded by his own ego and so believe in his absent mind that if a child with a bad child disappears to find out how his bastard has caused so much. Everything in this film fails to the epic level, acting is worse than you will never witness, the plot is more ridiculous, editing and movies are more player and even music is like nails on the board. I know I've gone a bit of tangent here, but please believe that this film is so bad as I describe it, I would say this film is a crap horse squished in the reel film, but the fact is not even a shot on the film, shot on a digital camcorder is not better than the one sitting in your closet now collecting dust. Don't make a mistake, I forgive the low films of the films provided and the concept is interesting, for example as I didn't like. The Blair wizard project has shown that a small budget can still lead an interesting film of the atmosphere. Ben and Arthur don't have a good idea to go back, even if this film was hit on a 20 million budget and the Hollywood characters are still exploiting, the plot is that anger, and the characters are worse. One of the main characters Arthur who has been shown is not another than Sam Mraovich is one of the smallest colorful attractions that are put in the film. You will hate him within 5 minutes at the beginning of the film and at the end of the film that hates it will turn out to be the opposite. It seems Mr. Mraovich forgot that we should be rooted for the hero. I do not want to destroy all the intestinal intestines you will experience the experience of watching this film (which I encourage you not to pay for) so I will give you two gentle examples of how stupid this film is, tame and gentle as among the worst offenses in movies. In one cutting we hear one of the main characters say how "they know a good lawyer and they will give him a phone" shot dead out then it's gone back with this HISTORY they said earlier is a woman, an amazing mistake to make in the post production I think. The second thing is simple, the second after seeing the sexual lawyer of the sex are told to fly Vermont, then we were shot by the airplane to land in the middle of the palms in the sun. I've never been to Vermont personally but I'm sure you can't find palm trees there. Think of this kind of frivolous friction that is set about an hour and a half with a stupid and conspiracy conversation and then multiply by 10 and yet it will not fully prepare for Ben and Arthur. Think of the worst films you saw in your life and think it's worse and still can't be the same as Ben and Arthur, this film is very bad. But we should be happy in the way, the film like this is a real shortage. They give us hope that one day we can become films themselves or that we can be a screen. Just because we will have a new sense of self-confidence from the fact that we will know that nothing we produce is no matter how much the guys can be like a lot of like. <br /> <br /> The real bad movie of all time is finally found, and is called Ben and Arthur.
