Oh man, Sam Mraovich thought about? Anyone involved in this "film" think? Mraovich is the head of almost everything of "Ben and Arthur": Director, author, producer (also a wonderful producer!), Player, leading star - you call it. And he (Mraovich) inspires more than anyone has ever performed every film department. What is wrong with this film? Everything. Movies are about two gay lovers, Ben (Jamie Brett Gabel) and Arthur (Mraovich- * groan *). Ben and Arthur want to get married in a world where everyone hates gay people basically. To do worse, "Ben's" wife (not particularly divorced), Tammy (Julie Belknap) who is so distracted that Ben has left someone else and asked Ben that they come back together (saying he may be gay, too!) And Christian commitment Christian, religious people, like the brother of Tammy, Victor, is hell to reinforce Arthur to turn around then try to kill him after he has run out of his church. The film completely prevents preventing many buttons (ie, Ben and Arthur are going to Vermont to marry - they go to Alaska Airlines and Vermont has palm trees; they fly back to FedEx cargo-hopes they were delighted in the string). of wood, with many, many more) and holes for the boot (Victor calls to kill Arthur "Final Plan" which will later change the "Final Certificate"; Arthur and the individual (detective) drive one, blah, blah, blah). All "executives" are very bad and it's way, way up; The script is very awesome (one example is "I don't mean, you don't mean!" I mean, who has the meaning! ") and there are more errors with the" movie "that I can" Write them all down. However, the unfortunate thing but the impossible thing about "Ben and Arthur" is that Sam Mraovich thinks he has created something that is absolutely true (see his fake view of "Ben & Arthur" with a clear view and she on YouTube.) Mraovich is a narcissistic and boasting to her to see him how horrible by his name really is. So, ended, forgetting any bad film that you claim is the worst movie - "Ben and Arthur" will hit them like that name, even the Paris Hilton films are seen as "Dark Knight" compared to known monstrosity as "Ben and Arthur".
