I don't know what the world, or more, could possibly do Sam Mraovich believe that this would be a worthy project to do. Ben & Arthur is one of the worst movies made. In fact, I don't see why it shouldn't be # 1 in Under 100. Even though I haven't seen, for example, SuperBabies: Children Genious 2 (# 5 during this post), I could do I think that the movie is much better than this wound , because even in his disease of the least Baby Geniuses 2 was made professionally. By comparison, everything, and I mean everything, in this film is not enough. <br /> <br /> Movie is intended to be a target of Christian bias and homosexual hatred. And I insist "focus." It is not just a total failure for its purpose, it also leaves serious injuries. Instead of creating a complicated and realistic picture of a couple's fight against a society that strongly opposes them, it creates fatigue, stimulates the views of each party involved. Ben and Arthur, a couple of names, are portrayed as two fragile sexual, sexually-sized, and non-sexually marginalized marriages who are married when the law changes it. This faces the opposition of the brother of Ben Victor, a Christian minister who, like all Christians (such as this film would have us believe), is great, rejection, stupid, and violent. He is trying to kill Ben and Arthur after his associations with him take him out of service. Like in real life. And if you think it is awesome (it), you haven't seen it all. <br /> <br /> Actors (?) Here they can completely destroy any trustworthiness in this film by saying their lines if they were describing the video of a YouTube video video. But even Daniel Day-Lewis and Marlon Brando as the characters of the head could save this trick, since there is still a question of the content and the laugh that looks every minute of the movie. Each area has at least one of the chaos or misplaced. For example, in one area, Victor tries to complain about being unable to have a brother or brother because of his brother's homosexuality. But instead of describing this clear idea, he says a fool, a completely mixed, whiny circle, "You know what, I can never have babies or infants, okay, because you are F *** ED UP!" <br /> < br>> A little more is a complete lack of production standards. Yes, I know this is not the Dark Knight, but even amateur filmmakers should know certain basics on special effects and editing. For example, six dots of red cake are not enough for real shooting wounds. People do not teleport in the room between it takes. And things did not fall during the shot! Don't lose your money on Ben & Arthur. I don't care if you're 7, 17, or 107. I don't care if you're gay, straight, bi, or incorrect. I don't care if you are just "curious." I don't care what a good reason might be necessary to be tempted to buy this money. Stay away, away. This film release rate is its ability to be used as Frisbee.
