I made a big mistake of watching all this film last night. God is still trying to recover. This movie is not recommended even an average of 1.4. The IMD needs to have 0 votes casting for movies that deserve to be like this. 1.4 is TOO HIGH. I had heard how this film was so bad, but I didn't think that the film could be bad, especially in this day and time. I thought all the evil movies of God were only from the 1950s and 1960s. My God was wrong. Believe me, this movie is quite realistic. It's more awesome; it's more awesome; it's more than any word that I can think of. BATTLEFIELD EARTH looks like the Best Year of the Year compared to this film. SNAKE ISLAND (which has now been the worst movie I saw) looks like a few Oscta compared to this pathetic effort. I can't believe that the creators of this film thought this was a great effort to produce a Hollywood movie. This has no business called movie. In the first 25 seconds of the film, I thought I was looking at a high school class trying to make a short film. Or better yet, I thought it was Saturday night Live skoff skit of the real thing. I mean, it looks exactly like that. Acting is awesome; The entire movie almost looked like it was hit by the VHS camera of 20 years old. special effects ....... good master beaten from behind back to the day had a special effect than this movie. The area where it gets shot on the door is more laughable and more cheesy. I mean, my Intro for Making a class since 4 years ago at the university, we all could put the movie better than this. And the worst part of the whole movie, where Arthur is naked in the bathroom. Oh my god I almost close up there. I have a strong stomach, but wow that was terrible. Some people should not be naked, and he is one of them. The program of this movie just appears to go anywhere. They say about legal issues that we have never heard again about; Ben is talking about getting into music that we no longer feel about again; arthur says he wants to work with money for college and something else we see runs the porn shop. Everything about the movie is awesome. It doesn't have much to do with my opinion, but so everyone knows, I'm not a gay person. I do so even to support homosexual rights and believe we should be treated all the same. And I could help any homosexual church in my church, in contrast to the cruel priest in this film, who in the way seems to oppose other words. (WHAT IS F * (# * is white out?) Hahaha But I didn't want anyone to think I hated this movie because of being on two gay guys. & Jill instead of Ben & Arthur. <br /> <br /> I just watched this movie to see if it was as bad as they say. And that's even better than I had read it. if you just want to sit back and laugh at what is not available in the 21st century. If you look at this film and you really expect a good film or some entertainment, I have no pity for you anything. , there are 7 movie movies posted on this BELOW on IMDb? There is no way there are 7 movies out there that are worse than this!
