Cleaning this Holy movie was bad. I looked at it as a joke. It is not so bad that it is good for unnecessary. This film seemed to be designed for my soul to please me. It worked well for doing that. It's like people who did this just take all the awesome things on the PRIEST movie, added in a bunch of bad dudes, took anything interesting, funny, or even far from sexy and out of concoction, and then added into a group of old cheese rotten. That's all. Cheese. No one in this film can be connected. No any film this movie could possibly happen. Why is the film not being like enjoying life and having fun? Why were they supposed to make this stupid idea ready for the film even ridiculous than it was? Why could they not even try to make a good film, or even a movie B. Now thinking about it, what do hell try to do with this film? I expected to expect a love story of kampy and instead I got a boring student project about another expert who needs to get the strength and courage to get married to his girlfriend when his angry Christian brother tried to destroy it all! No, I haven't played. That's what about. Does that look good? This film is ridiculous against the people of the Christian religion, considering that all Christians are shouting, anxious, and hellbent to make as many people as possible concerns. Many Christian people I know cannot never speak or act like this. Film, however, is just as fair and does not know the gay community as well. These should be the most inexperienced male men who have not been very successful since the woman at the radio station in the video game. It is a bold and irritating wracking to the point that I was not able to fully consider this film. The trainers did not have a set of design, acting, camera angles, lights, script, originality, or the idea of ​​making this entertaining or interesting. There is not even one area of ​​sex, or at least not one reliable. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only boy in the film that looked good, but his beautiful performances were lost. This is trash. In the perfect world, this film could vote for 0.0. It has 0 value as the film alone. A mentally ill, blind person, with small bones with his hands and feet and his face on his chair can write, directly, and produce the best film, and perhaps he would be the best actors. The fact that this film is a crime against the word "film" itself. This film is so bad that some films should be embarrassing to be available in that visible form. I was able to put the broom in a chair and then record it with the camera and then leave the film and then change it with mini x-mas tree and then recording and I have already made a film that will always be better than BEN & ARTHUR for at least half. There are only two more than death. Persecuted and watching BEN & ARTHUR. I am gay and I will probably be a homosexual who will ever meet you if you've ever met me, and I don't think I have been more guilty of the film than I had the first five seconds of this film alone. If this film is wrong, I will find a way to change the popular words "It's okay to make a mistake" and "It's wrong to make a mistake unless the mistake was BEN & ARTHUR." You know how people always say things like, "Good things come out of everything!" I think BEN & ARTHUR were bought so that there was something about this world that nothing good could happen. In order to call this movie the worst movie I saw it would be a great loan. It's like this film was created so that we could graduate in their own group. There are good movies, there are bad movies, and then there are BEN & ARTHUR. This is BEN AND ARTHUR.
