They were fascinated by synopsis (each gay video today has hunk on the lid; this is not necessary to be counted as a good sign) I bought BEN and ARTHUR without knowing something about it. This is the second (and I assure you that it will be my last one) purchasing a video to send Q. Besides I am concerned, this DVD is not just something but a sharp release. I'm not doing this lightly inquiry ?? I am a great collection of video, gay and ordinary, and I can say to some authorities and without hesitation that BEN AND ARTHUR is just the worst film I ever had in my life. Period. My collection has over 1,600 videos (93% on them on DVD) and those, over 300 are gay and lesbians. I am not the owner of every gay movie ever made, but I'm glad to say that I have a very close shopping video of gay interest that is offered, and often I buy a video without knowing anything about the film. Sometimes, this makes a good surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, It is In Water, Urban and Normal are examples of the best gay names that have been injured on an accident. Therefore, when I read in the box that BEN AND ARTHUR were involved in a conflict between gay and Christian lovers, one of my favorite studies, I decided to take something that was invisible, despite my previous purchase with the QURIZE, header PLUGS SUGAR. The film was very bad, but compared to BEN and ARTHUR, it was viewed as a WIND. So what was wrong with BEN AND ARTHUR? Much! At the beginning, "conspiracy" as it was, was absolutely ridiculous. Has this film made me feel compassion for Christian justice? we should believe not only that the church will expel the delegate because his brother is gay, but that the priest will be sure to establish the selection of the gender style of men to save their souls (if this means however). This text is so poor that most exhibitions do not recognize, and several points of conspiracy do not reflect logic, tracking or connection to the story. The killings and violence seem to be acceptable to the gay / right-wing activist on both sides, and acting is very bad to imagine how anyone in this film was employed. Participants who are supposed to be equal are almost without homosexual - and a good theory of boot; The gay characters are not sexy nor attractive. This film is enough to prevent anyone from buying long gay videos, and suppliers should see themselves. The only advantages this picture has on my purchase of Q Relationships Q, SUGARPLAMS OPTIONS, is that this has a sound voice and open dialogue. It is impossible to separate, since the script is so stupid that understanding the script only serves to inform you how this film is very bad. It is a shame for Queer culture, and I intend to warn everyone who can before they lose their money. For $ 9.95 this film would be a reduced way; I understand that soon it will be less than $ 20, which is a STILL stolen road. I paid the original price of $ 29.95, and I never felt more in my life. Only true laughter associated with this drivel is a review? I have seen the "user inspection" of this film on many websites, and there is always one or two that "credits" the director / author / actor in a way that is obviously the auditor is a friend of Ed Wood wannabe. How sad. How to despair. I just want the IMDb to enable you to disperse zero stars - or even remove zero. If the film is worthy, this is.
