Search is a good word to describe this film. <br /> <br /> Let's say every movie has a point of sale, gimmick. Gimmick Transformers are amazing effects such as fan of fan boys. Sleep in the gimmick of Seattle is the situation in their line of tag, "If someone who has never met, someone you have not seen, someone you didn't know was the only person to you?" Many colors depend largely on these diseases and others by taking big names. Leap Years employs all by using Irish folk as a state and participating in popular names in the country. Now that the audience is in the cinema, rather than all the common things in the characters, disputes or results, the crisis, solving and denouement, also expect to encourage dialogue, more refusal conditions for years of flying, many interesting attractions and perhaps, for a certain amount, losing well in the middle or end of the story that likes the status of the characters. That is what Jean Yeo is trying to achieve. If they have tried, their goal is seen in another court, on another field, at the other end of the planet. He and his author, Alain Layrac, failed to give a stirring dialogue. Many of the lines were made. It seems that they have a bag containing verses that they would like to use in their film: "Well, these are verses and quotes that I have heard or read from all the movies I have seen or books that I have read before and all that I enjoy. For they hear me well, they will listen to the audience, so , everything I must do is a piece to all with me and I will use them all. ”The result is cathartic. I cannot say that the lines are not needed and it is not appropriate to relate to stories or to run a plot, but it seems that it does not provide anywhere, preventing you from these used quotes. <br /> <br /> On a personal level, I know people who say quotes based on many situations in our dialog, trying to pretend for themselves while nodding together. I'm no longer going with them because the desire to blow the pigs is very big. Secondly, the characters shown are stupid and one-dimensional. For discrimination in a non-conventional conversation which means their motivation (important to run a plot), he did not have a reliable sense in them. I have no idea who it is. They are all lines of decrease in the simplest way from the women's magazine consultancy. Then again, there are less movies but they are done better than this, they don't exist. They did it for my first and second step. Additionally, smaller squares (not bad for movies) and thin (something bad) <br /> <br /> Jean Yeo and producers are trying to overcome the horrible program and conceptual areas and photography approved. This is because they probably understand that it is possible and easy to get approval from other viewers than others who use the cinema, voice area and photography location. This observer observer. It is not the type of movie that is so bad that it is good. It's just bad. Don't look at this.
