"Leap Years" is a movie made from e-novella by a British writer Catherine Lim, which was the first Singapore novella novella sold on the Internet. The film had a post-production timetable: which was launched in early 2005, was planned to be released at the end of 2005, but only to turn later 3 years later, on 29 February 2008, leap year. <br /> <br> Before you say anything, you must first admit I am not a fan of a kind of romance, so I may have a little bias on this film - I just watched it because it was Singapore's production, and that it is available to borrow in my neighborhood library. Here are my two cents on the movie. Let's start by saying that over KS and Qi Yu-wu and Wong Li-Lin, everyone here's note appears to be Eurasian. The love of love is Eurasia (Ananda Everingham), and three of Wong's friends are all, er-hem, Eurasia. What? This film promotes a position that comes into love and collaboration with Eurasia is more "inside" than ordinary Chinese (or any Asian competition you are?) I don't know, it certainly looks that way. Also, everyone in the movie speaks in the "anglified" sense of mystery that does not exist anywhere, certainly not Singapore. It is a form of "Incomplete" that the authorities like us to talk, but which are not available anywhere, say, MTV Channel. The effect is that the discussion of the movie is forced and reduced, not supported by the lack of true blue Singapore who have been beaten. <br /> <br /> The author of the script looks very trying to make one string after one liners. After twenty minutes, the "wit" of the movie will begin to decline and the film will begin to serve its ordinary dish of clichés. I think I didn't enjoy the film because the whole motivation of developing love over 16 years long seems to be impossible. <br /> <br /> There are other options in the film. I can't for one person believe that KS (played by Qi Yu-wu) would fall to one of Wong's girlfriends. And the area where the bride says, "Go before changing my mind," has been used in East Asia one hundred (Korean, Chinese, Hong Kong, Taiwan and etc.) Serial TV ... <br /> <br /> So star 4 for this film. The value of production is fair, and Wong Li-lin tries best, but not supported by the script. Joan Chen has 15 minutes in the film as Wong of old and perhaps the best voter, but, hey, his role has come. When you arrive "Leap Years" in the rental or library, you may want to insert it into a DVD player for curiosity, but otherwise, for people who are not very happy with the type of romance, you can decide whether or not .
