It's cheese. If all you want is a video game, complete with what it looks like a direct guide from the computer to the action of the film was very cheap to make special effects to, this is. My friend and I really had a good time to see, since the playground was empty and we could run a bit. This video requires calling. ? Was there a plot? Well, the stupid university or future types will be invited to the "rave of the year" and go to one of the San Juan Islands ("If they just stayed in Seattle, they could live." - Direct quotation, or close.) Attend. They get there and everyone has gone, and the site has been destroyed (but hey, it's still full!). With the help of an old woman and a woman of the protection of the shore (who made only a little less tough - and a little less than Cynthia Rothrock), they fight lots of zombies (some that provide acids), to get the ears of freaky stories, especially killed. That's about it. It is not like BAD as Demonicus, but not much, and it is still better than Covered (they are a form of my personal alpha and omega for bad movies - the old is bad but fun, and the end too is very bad to look more than once). On the other hand, if you expect a video video video as best as a bad Resident, run !!! run now !!!! OK, some of the major real questions (without many destroyers): Since the Spanish ship of the 18th century began when in the Pacific Northwest? Why anyone in the Pacific North West gun, and with whom - CANADA, to cry loudly? Why it is unknown (oh, forgiving me, is called "isla del muerto", shya, right) San Juan Island - and out, still remember this is the PACIFIC NORTHWET. And rave has 30 people attending - "rave of the year," my patoot. Lucky has a lot of lots of votes around. Most of them. Everyone has them. It should be a port of sales nearby jacket. <br /> <br /> Finally, when the movie began to play with "little" (and nudges in I Know What You Did and Jaws), it didn't carry through That, finally finally - when the preview comments (in a loud, not low voice) ) says usually that one of the characters "gave her partner to focus on her fence" you can be sure that there will be a fence at the end of the film. Not a good fence, but a few people are fighting with swords, however.
