Okay, I would like to start by saying that nothing in this will come as a surprise to anyone reading other comments. It is said, MY G-D, this REVED of MOVIE! I mean, WOW, I did not know that it is possible to throw as much money as they did with something and still come out more than any movie Roger Corman! Corman probably had hit this film at some point but decreased due to poor quality of the script! The only reason for this first made movie is that someone said, 'Hey, zombies are popular. Video games are popular. What? What game can we get hold of that you have zombies in it? Wicked Woman? No, another person arrived there first. Kilima kimya? No, also silent. People can never sit in a dark room just to be silly panic. Hey, did Sega have no game where people ran around zombies? They are out of yesterday's platform, we can find it for pennies! It 's really tried to make a film that feels like a video game, even under the war as the characters were actually playing the game. The first and biggest problem is that the original game was sad. I mean, <br /> <br /> the worst-of-the-worst-of-the-week-of-the-week-and-the-shippe-out-and-bought-by-morons-and-parent- to Christmas emerging. The graphics were boring. Monsters were boring. These standards were wrong. That link was awesome. The case was boring. In other words, this was a good game. And that's the ARCADE version. The home version was worse! With the home version, you did not even find a weapon to touch your hand when you are suffering from this useless game! But I digress. <br /> <br /> The second problem is that they went so far to intercut scenes from real-time gameplay scenes to fight. HUH ??? What? The editor did not have enough courage to show that there was a real war going on? Not to mention that all the battles were shot from a video game perspective, which could describe the misuse of fashion effects. The problem with this is that the game was a shooter of the first person (player keeps from POV's character). Maybe that's why they put in the game game, to let you know that they were describing the game ... Right, whatever ... What is this experience of ENTARI is very happy that it was the fact that everyone in the theater was playing the movie loudly, so my sudden genius of hysterical laughter and the total incredulity was taken as usual and did not get me out. <br /> <br /> Total up, don't see this! Do not even remove the rental when you leave the video in a few weeks. Run. Just run.
