If there was a suitable film of 0 out of 10, this is. The 'Dead House' takes again the name of "bad movie". Other bad films, such as 'When the Major Members' or 'Advice', will be more visible than the 'Dead House'. The "plot" of the House of the Dead is a group of twenty-somethings to travel to the remote island to attend the "rave of the century". When they get there, they find only tents, bar, stage, and blood t-shirts. They decide to stay otherwise, and soon they are attacked by zombies. <br /> <br /> There is nothing to redeem about this movie. Not entertainment. Instead, it is painful to look for a terrible reason. Acting is very bad. In a DVD interview, one of the participants said Uwe Boll, director, is not afraid to tell someone when they are doing a good job or a bad job in the area. This is a clear lie. The document appears to have been written by a 11-year-old, who decided to enter the place of the person giving out the girl's chest and inserting the hilarious line, "it looks like someone started here." The characters have no personality or depth and they do some of the most ethical things that have ever seen on the awesome movie. On the way, the characters also make it difficult to become a SWAT team to reduce the zombies. It's like they don't even move their guns and they shoot the zombies on the head straight. The most frightening thing about this film is to lead. There is something wrong with Uwe Boll. The work of the Boll camera is shared with amazement. His pans for zombies riding through the forest are more than ignoring than awesome. Still more, Boll really thought it would be a good idea to incorporate small video clips from the video of the movie video on the movie. Often, and more random time, you will see a sudden zombie gets shot. It's useless. No one in their right mind thinks it was a good idea. It's like Boll wants to remind us constantly that this film should be the basis of the video game. Uwe Boll also decided to be cool including a slow motion of 360 shots during the action scenes, the 'The Matrix'. Unfortunately, he does so very often and every shot is nausea. The voice sounds to this movie also convinces the mind. Many practical events are accompanied by a great rap song. This also adds to the headache caused by a concerned 'Dead House'. The 'Dead House' is not bad because it depends on the video game. In fact, you don't have very little connection to the video game. It is also unacceptable in a 'very bad' category. However it is appropriate in the 'worst' society that is painful. This film just looks. Uwe Boll should never be allowed anywhere near another film. Even its presence will condemn production. For all directors out there: at any time your movie gets bad reviews, you should do it to remember that you did not make 'the house of the dead' and you will feel better. I will never find 90 minutes of my life back. In general, words cannot describe how this movie is bad. Everyone involved in the production of this film, especially Be Boll, should be ashamed of themselves. Although what I said could make 'House of the Dead' sound, it is not true. Nothing about it is funny. Avoid this at all costs.
