Okay, so it's not a great video video game, but is the Game of the Dead House very popular to make films from? Of course, they went up to set up video clips of the video on the film, as if it were the right to any area of ​​violence, but there are several games with similar appearance, with a hand down screens, you think your own, involved with any weapon and goo-is all kinds of visitors or walking dead or snipers or whatever it might be. It is an interesting premise in the House of the Dead, for a lot of university children (LOADED university children, as it is, children who can pay some fisherman something like $ 1,500 for a trip after missing their boat) trying to go out to this island for what is supposed to be a shadow of the year. The first thing that comes to mind about the House of the Dead after looking at is that it is becoming increasingly clear that modern films have become nothing more than an exercise to come up with innovative ways to get many young people well in the same situation. At least in this case, the fact that they were on their way to rave excuses through girls dressed. They look badly out of the area around the forest in small heads, but at least they think they were dressed for the event. Clint Howard, describing the most attractive character in the film far away, provides the worst performance, the size of which is facing every other actor in the film. I cannot strengthen when well-known actors change their voice on the movie, so it is very effective, and Howard here shows that it is flat to have a well-known actor pretending to be a tough fisherman with raspy sounds from air-breathing. He was not even full. It was as if he was eating a roll of cinnamon before shooting and destroying a sugar crash or something. Too bad here, Clint! I expected more from him, but again, he agreed to participate in this mess. Once we reach this island, the movie comes back to any Friday of 13 films that took place at Cry Crystal camp. Many of the young people played with actors who were very old for their parts to get naked and then killed. Nudity was amazing, I think, but let's look at the thing for a minute. These children pay close to the two to go out on this island to go to the Rave Of The Year, get NO ONE, and say, well, who wants beer! Even the boy who drew the hundreds of fingers out of his bag to take them all around did not think anything they got the perfect bar and not just one person. Here you have input from director Uwe Boll - There is alcohol! They did not realize that the party they came had no one but themselves! It is not just they start drinking, without considering the fact that the whole party seems to leave the island, but when one of the girls goes into the dark trees to find out where everyone is (going to one girl and one of The boys are worried, the boy and girl who sit back to get smashed they decide that it would be a great idea to cancel down the quickie now that they alone. It was as they expected to find the island, and now that some people who came with them had gone for a while, they would have privacy because no one else was around. Brilliant! Now for things that everyone hates, judging by the comments I have read about the movie. Yes, photography from the video game on the film, in particular to show that, yes, the film was trusted and / or automatically simulated video game. Indeed, it was a stupid idea. I can't think who thought about that little piece, but worse than that is the matrix time events that were beaten repeatedly and again and again. After the first time (when I found that it is wise and cheesy for a film like this to have such a shot as it is a natural thing) it looks more with a shooting technique itself rather than any meaning or creation of any kind of tension to for the film. One of the things that makes a movie of the zombie scary and getting you on the edge of your seat is slow but without coming back after the living people, who are faster but getting tired, running out of places to run, and to the horrible shortage of things that will fight with zombies. The first two have been well done in the film, the children are afraid and have no chances to run since they are on the island, but since they went to the tourists and refugees, they find themselves armed. And I mean that very much. I mean, these people have everything from machine guns to grenades bombs, which eliminates more tension of walking around walking. <br /> <br /> Then you have what is calling the techno-slasher area. Since rave has never happened, and I think since Uwe Boll thought people would be frustrated by hearing any techno music in the movie, there is one place in the middle where all people are fighting the living dead, and surprisingly enough to turn into a music video. There is a strong techno music like shots are faster and faster than nothing but shades of gory bullets, especially on 5 long columns (which are about 1/6 second) compatible on screen time and technology the fastest music. Intelligent, I think, but they have no chance in the horrible movie because it completely lacks any sense of damage or tension of even external impact because you can't see anything long enough to respond. You just look at these shots to jump on the screen and wonder what hell director was thinking when he decided that it would be a good idea to put something like this on the film. <br /> <br /> I've seen many people compare this film with Resident Evil, especially claiming that copy copies thereof, and they are exactly the same. I am grateful that at least here, as it was not for Resident Evil, it was not another virus made by people who turned people to death who were able to infect other people, changing the way of barriers to turning others into a block. 28 days later it was also the inspiration of this film, it is so bad that the Dead House did not do one of the first things, except for a certain moral sense to put it in a basic video game, only if you forget it. In fact I think that this would be the most beautiful movie. While it is clear I can't say that I know a lot about the game, just the head and poster of the film deserves the best movie, but unfortunately I think that it's often the case rather than for the awesome movies. It's kind of sad when the movie comes out of what is known as a non-prevented film, and the terrible thing in the whole film is a closed shot, which shows the possibility of being good.
