Earning to take drugs, if the kidney stone made its fun way through my urine urine, and nothing better than letting the boys see it in half, I happened to catch this movie on the cable. I don't want anyone to think that I paid to look at the movie, or rent, or ?? Heavenly delivery! ?? that I watched the STRAIGHT. After playing this bad video game and quickly climbed damaged rooms and ways of fear of House, fighting with Chariot (Type 27), The Hanged Man (Type 041), with other possible hints, my curiosity was hit how the game could transfer the movie screen. It does not do. <br /> <br /> The banal plan surrounds a group of "mad kids" ?? Scooby Doo? to attend a remote island for "earthquake" in the world? nothing. (You kids today who eat hoops and your skirts with your Pat Boone?) After blowing thousands of boats for money to get a ferry there (the foolishness that asks for their rhetoric network), it gets "rave" "to leave. br>> <br /> To review the mention is made to "house"? maybe the Dead House of Titular? but many actions take place on outdoor fake sets and other areas have been abandoned by any state of haunted housing. <br /> The fallen video camera makes it like filling the flashback, showing the island of the offense? Is it! Oh, so this thing "rave" is just a "party"? In a great culture of modifying cars "used" as "before owned "," or "shell shock" as "disorder after the shock", the word "party" is now the largest square for the importation of drugs, silicone- insertion, banning? It is learned that a broken party with a swing of zombies. Think of the mind stops here? inheads call themselves screens and directors to understand mythos behind the re-animation. Zombies can not die? is already a UN-DEAD. They have no blood, they do not know the pain. Unless their bodies are completely destroyed, they will continue to live. At least, that's what my Jamaican priest says. Which means that .45 shot within their "hearts" will not prevent them, nor will they touch the torso. And the bone of the bone in the chest cannot produce blood. At least in the video game logic, the shooter pump encompasses the many sides in each monster that has been completely destroyed, leaving the fetal mushroom which can not pretend itself. <br /> Yet every fashion-player-style gets their time of the Matrix-circular-camera, killing zombies everywhere and one shot with chocolate karps for sternum. Hardly, these zombies are more effective than Stormtroopers from "Return to Jedi", who finds championship when Ewoks travels. I think the film writer, Mark Altman, also writing is not a -babby "Free Enterprise", they felt forced to incorporate Captain Kirk's records, in the character of Jurgen Prochnow, who must have a need for milk money for largely have emerged to appear in this interesting-of-swill. There is also a reference to the role of Primo Prochnow in the "Das Boot" fine, while one of the B artists who have not learned that says "looks like Captain of the U-Boat". "I wonder how many of the viewers of this pig's pig found on the snide documents for other films, as when Prochnow will say," Say hello to my little friend ", telling them at the time of his gun. It is considered by the number of people who do not know Sisyphean's concept of video game (ie the game is approaching when you die? You can't win), this is just a slasher film for the ignorant and intellectual heart. at the wrong time, except for a pair of whites of interest. School, though the left problem of Ona Grauer did a good job, such as her right breast and running events: without value! I loved the last place and see trying to act like he was beaten, but he looked like he had a cream very fast. I was trying to do something more to create my time, I removed my Restore Number, Celebrating 35, Special Edition, Anamorphic DVD "Manos: M hands on Fate. "Ah, yes! ?? The drugs were suitable for the brain - now there were high-quality film choices? <br /> (Movie Maniacs, visit: www.poffysmoviemania.com)
