There are some movies you know will be bad from one chapter. Even if you didn't know the work of Ed Wood, look at one of the issuer from the "9th position out of the space" and you just know you won't see the next hub next. As such, when I saw the first shot of Uwe Bolls' House of Dead ', and the young man sitting in front of the house starting with him when he tried very much to hear as he came just from Sin City, I knew' M for a trip to hell. Therefore, the movie begins like this - the first leadership character says that everyone will die. You know, to keep you from walking. Then he begins to set up some of the characters in the lines like "Karma .. it thinks he is Foxy Brown" or "Alicia..yangu .. we broke out soon. I had to learn and had a fence". No, I don't give birth. However, this group of 20-somethings who could not do their way out of the rain-bag to go "Rave of the century", rave to the question being a few tents, port-potty and shoddy action is located on a small island in the middle of the Pacific. Our group lacks the ferry, but thanks to it will find a way to get there, the way to become a fishing boat running with Kirk (Cpt Kirk? Get? Someone, who wrote this script is a professional) and its sidekick who is a bastard child of Cps McAllister of Simpsons and a hookman who knows what you did during the last summer. Make a short story, the group gets the island, finds anyone except T-shirts and blood. then decide to run away from hell. No waiting, they don't, they really enjoy it and it's fun if there is no free wind. In the same way the film blows down the rock and then against all the problems continue to go down. Some young people in rubber suits start around, there are some shouting and shooting, our group goes to the house to meet another group, coming out of the house, meeting Cpt Kirk and another police woman (of whom there are 500 pounds) of weapons) and then decide to return home. Some place on their line changes to S.W.A.T. The team, enter the Matrix, people with rubber suits start multiplying as bacteria and I start crying because I have paid to see this. To add insults to the wounds, every few minutes there are shots from this video video crap depends on and there is a good game-top player for a few characters when they die. <br /> <br /> I hate this film. It is not even desirable in that category known as "bad". It's just bad. Script is bad, zombies are bad, no tension, lines are bad, artists are bad. The list is still going on. <br /> <br /> You probably want to see this movie because of its bad reputation. What? There are bad movies that should be viewed. This is not one of them.
