There are people out there who will reject anything! That's the only explanation I can give why the movie of the Dead House is there. And that's just the terrible part of the entire movie. It's too bad to leave movies forever. I longed to change this and turn the TV on the Dry Center, but I was closed with my word to suffer the whole thing. I don't know why I do these bad things for me. <br /> <br /> If there is a meaning, here is the basis of 'story'. The twentieth and celebration group is amazing to go to a certain island in the north-western Pacific (Canada in fact, because it is cheaper) to the 'Rave of the century' (which has about 8 people and un-raving music) that they pay the old fisherman of $ 1000 to take them there after missing the main ferry. That must be rave that worth all the flour! The fisherman warns that the island is also known as the Island of the Dead (hang-I thought this was the HOUSE of the Dead?) And that all of them have been ruined adda yadda. <br /> <br /> First error here. Why a little (a century of my foot!) Would happen on a remote island? Why would anyone voluntarily pay a lot of money to earn? Why pay even more to the old craggy fisherman to take them when they can come back with others? Once they arrive they find that rave (which has 2 tents, small steps and ports-john) has been broken, there is blood everywhere and no one close. What does anyone think about rationally do? Run for their lives of course. But no, these can't, the blind people decide to go to them. Recently they know the old ramshackle house which is 50 times big inside as it is out. Sometimes the half-hour barrier next to the forest follows, as an excuse to kill some of the small characters, and after a very slow return back home. Anime, like the film, do not have anywhere. <br /> <br /> Jammed in this sudden catastrophe is the interaction of gibberish dialogue, good performances, mbo-jumbo shows and video zillions from the once popular name of the same name. Why this was accepted in the world as a good idea and the artists will not know it. These parts do not refer to any of these events and only degrade this waste even more, if possible. It is not associated with this game except in a low-cost way, on the way to lose the end. It makes Evil Resident look like the glory of the cinema. Hell, even the two-movie movie appears to have many Oscar fits in comparison with this junk. The only person who comes out of this and his respect is still correct is Jurgen Prochnow. He would take his money and run but he tries very much with a bad script and bring a little bit of pathos to his character. Some of the sand drinks I'm afraid. The characters are stupid and deserve to die. Overall, if you cut the vacuum and uncertainty, I don't see why this film can't be shown on Saturday morning TV. He is not afraid. The Caribbean Pirates are more frightening than young skeletons in this film. And where did all the wicked come from? There were just a few people on the island to start. I think this proves the reason they chose to re-use the video. I am not a child, you will see the same zombie die several times. Who will ultimately blame the celluloid scandal? No other than the director Uwe Boll. Its control over the film does not exist. You can clear that executives do not know what they should do and that zombies are not taking quite seriously. Vendors seem to read cue cards while standing in the middle of a long sentence and continuing to talk as soon as they see the next card. They all feel unusual. <br /> <br /> Plus the movie is awarded as a series of two mini-parts. In fact I have seen the best production of TV. And be played and started on editing. The film is not suitable for thousands of thousands of useless shots and several pans of useless cameras. No real skill or talent was put into doing so. In fact it is frustrating and makes the idea of ​​how movies can be handled properly by George A. Romero can't even get anyone to take his phone. The House of the Dead makes the memory of idiotic to Romero in an attempt to become a 'modern post' but is just offensive that they think this is in a single league as a REAL zombie movie. <br /> <br /> Why is appropriate, 1.85: 1 of the namorphic picture looks good and the sound of Dolby 5.1 is fresh but not very useful and serves only to pronounce a very large ADR used. The DVD comes with extra but why you worry yourself. Is this not enough assessment? Stay away! You all have been punished and told you! Lost! Lost !!!
