Lynn Hollister, a small lawyer of the city, goes to the nearest city with business related to the death of his friend Johnny. (Yes, Lynn is a human being despite the female Christian name. Did the authors try to make a record of the snake for the fact that John Wayne's name was "Marion"?) For the first time Hollister believes Johnny's death was a crash , but soon realizes that Johnny was killed. Further surveys indicate a corrupt network, crime and electoral violations linked to Boss Cameron, a leading lighting in the political machine of the village. It looks like a conspiracy of criminal crime, perhaps being made in a film film that became popular in 1941. It is not. "Man Who Is bought", despite his presentation, is like a romantic romantic player than a crime game. Hollister likes to Cameron's attractive daughter of Sabra, and the film focuses on their own love of what happened. This movie would only work if it was made too bad. One auditor says that John Wayne does not believe as a lawyer, but he could not play a cowboy in every movie, and a hard fighter lawyer with the power of organized crime could be well within his campus. Where I agree with the inspector it is when he says that Wayne was not a follower of Cary Grant. Romantic comedy was not just on its road. One of the weaknesses of the studio system is that administrators may be required to play any part of which their superiors wanted, regardless of whether it was on their road or not, and if Wayne was one of the few big stars working for the Republic Their photos they certainly wanted to get Many mileage from him as they could. <br /> <br /> That said, even Cary Grant himself could work on "Man Man Betrayed" as a comedy. That's not to reflect on its comic talents; is reflecting on the lack of exciting equipment in this film. I doubt whether anyone, no matter how their sense of humor grows, can find anything to laugh in. The film's light team is not supposed to be a comedy of success; it prevents simply being considered as anything else. This is one of the films that are not fish or body or birds or good red sauce. 3/10
