First of all, I knew nothing about 'Mazes and Monster' before looking at it. I had no knowledge of the play-work behind him or the fact that it was a movie of Made-For-TV. As I watched the cover (a single DVD) I thought it would be another adventure of fantasy as 'Legend', and Tom Hank as a nerdy hero from the 1980s in the world entering the historic world to save the princess from the bad way filled with monsters. Exciting sounds, right? That's what the lid shows you at first glance. I was given this movie as a gift, to open under the same reason because my aunt knows I am in movies to act with the theme of modern stories. And it has Tom Hanks, one of my actors. So I hit this movie inside, expecting a good film to feel with Tom Hanks in a world of special effects of 80 who would be good to laugh. <br /> <br /> No! Nothing is happening. Now before I continue I will accept, I am a nerd but I don't care about playing games. That's all this movie is on so my interest in content explodes in heat. And M & M (copyright infringement?) Not even feel good to play-based movie and lovable geeks who use their imagination to enter the world of evil. No! This is a movie to fight the tasks that must have been done by some religious people (the same people and also think of Barney is Satan's work.) I understand, Satan is a crafty fellow but I don't think he is desperate enough for the spirit to lose lovers of RPG to worship him. THIS movie is an anti-gamer movie. That is what I get from this film: it hates RPG and not only makes it easy for people involved in Acting Duty but it makes poor Tom Hanks mentally ill. <br /> <br /> Tom had an excuse to talk to a volleyball in 'Castaway', the poor guy was alone but Tom somehow made his joy to ignore and you actually saw the Volleyball as a love habit for Tom's good way. acting. I would like to watch that film instead of this. In this film, Tom is attacked by believing in a dragon creature (it looks like an unprecedented mascot for the RPG team) and has a more interesting personality. Tom's work is just making you feel uncomfortable with his behavior and anything else. I see that the poor boy has lost his brother and is not correct to the head for this reason so the film is winning points for being deliberate. I am not one of the videos that use mental illness and ended with 'M&M' making me feel like cr * p. Luckily I watched 'Hudson Hawk' later and found a good laugh before my soul was broken up. Yah, 'HH' passes 'M & M' and. . . LOT! This is not one of Tom's best movies. In fact you are very critical of the movie I've ever seen (Even 'Save Private Ryan' is not sad). I walked with the hope of watching a good film to feel and I heard the opposite. If you want to watch a sad film (both emotionally and visually) then by all means look at this. If this movie will deliver the message, this is: "Don't leave RPGs if you're Cuckoo for Coco-Puffs."
