I didn't even know this was the original movie made for tv when I saw it, but I wanted it during time. It has a different color printed, bland characters, and proposed proposed music that I remember from the 80s, as well as a 'community forum' which screams "Afterschool special". Cool. <br /> <br /> Rona Jaffe (thank you) Mazes and Monsters were made on the day of Dungeons & Dragons, RPG-pen and papers that took the hearts of millions of geek around America. I count myself to be one of those who said geeks, tho I have never played D&D especially I have struggled in one of his brothers. M & M was also developed in the D & D'-cluster contest that was so much that people could lose touch with reality, worship Satan without knowing, blah blah. I think it is a legitimate concern at the same time, if it is very rare - but it looks at this film for evil. We are meeting with 4 young college students, who play Mazes and Monsters called aptly, collaborating and having little time away from world life. Except M&M as presented is worse than their normal life. No good gaming presented here - and Jay Jay's request to take M & M in the 'real world' comes from anywhere. It is an excuse to make one of the characters go to heaven without anywhere - although at that time we don't care. Jay Jay, Robbie, Kate and Daniel are supposed to be different - but they are all the heroes of the WASPy rich who have no problems that the person really has. But things are going on, they are getting worse by one. The bottom budget comes to the fore, (I would like to sign 'Entrance' and cut the cemetery on the forbidden crop) Robbie / Pardu shows why he is not a hero in the former was the former was the one that was the former was the that had been completely lost, hilarious. Tom Hanks' blubbering "Jay Jay, what am I doing here?" made me laugh for the last minute. Certainly step down in his work. Do not look at it as a catalyst of a catalyst, just a fascinating piece of TV's 80 trash, and you will still have a good time. That is, if you can stay awake. Most of them are older, but they are all suitable for the collapse of Pardu at the end. At least Tom Hanks has found good. Not that he could go very bad here.
