A few weeks ago the German player "SAT1" announced this film as "TV Event for the year" - sorry, but I found the best things on TV this year. I did not make a lot of films, but I remembered about two other horrible movies when I looked at business - namely Titanic and Pearl Harbor because the picture seems to be normal: "heroine" (if I could call him) in the middle two "loved ones" around him - Pearl Harbor, any? Certainly the story of love is a poor man's version of one of the Pearl port and that someone was already poor! But if I would like to watch movies and explore their patterns I grew up looking at the trash. The movie begins with a doctor leaving his family to a military strike against Russia near the end of the third Reich promising his wife that he will return. Now faster for Spring 1948: Germany lost the war with allies with Russia were captured by both countries and try to try to overcome the powers of the world and their ideas: ethnicism against Communism. Well, you think you already know the story because you should know - the movie is not very effective and it really takes damage on historical facts. The movie tries to describe the US government as an angel and completely ignore the contribution of other countries during the flight of aircraft especially to the UK who was responsible for nearly a quarter of the coefficient though they have their country bomb from countries that are trying to help. What was very interesting is the historical words that people said in the movies as when the heroine's mother told her daughter that Germany could be split in two with such answers: "That is impossible!" Or when Stalin (where the director thought we just hold the same look on the mustache on the actor and he will look like he) says that Russia has to stop "Coca Cola" spreading in Germany. Well, if Stalin has ever said something like this. Or is there an American attempt that he tells his fellow bread and meat and everything possible in it - please! Traders were organized WAY before that time. <br /> <br /> In the film you saw a map showing airplanes, cheerfully as the map looks like it comes out of the laser printer - in '48. US Prime Minister Lucius Clay who is the main idea of ​​staying in Berlin is portrayed as a boy who is meant to be inspired by all the ideas that had a history such as airplane airplanes and improved by the idea of ​​the idea of ​​Phillip Turner's genius, love interest The main actress that guides me in other matters: Not enough of African and American soldiers in the movie, there were two in the whole film! Also the relationship between US troops and German citizens was not allowed and by exploring the relationship the American striker would be sent home. I don't want to say that no relationship but in this movie there was a couple who almost married, If it was not for the death of an attempt at his fake jet of CGI which seemed to be a really untrue CGI! If it wasn't enough Americans in this movie spoke German without regard if they were just in Germany for a few months - see I also live in the United States for Germany for all my life and even a little feeling. Also bad was a child who works - children were like two words on their faces: "Normal-I-watch-monotonous-like-robot" and interesting. <br /> <br /> All in all the film was interesting from beginning to end moving a very slow way of love that was similar to one in Pearl Harbor and half of the conversation. The sad part is that the movie was a great success - 8.97 millions watched the first part and 7.83 million a second day after that SAT1 received two successive successes in the market segment as a whole and win winning in the relevant commercial group. But as I always think: a huge bunch of cattle-crap is where many flies go.
