First, I must mention that I enjoyed the original ISHII Katsuhito film "Samehada Otoko for Momojiri Onna" ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl"). Although it was a debt to Tarentino's "Pulp Fiction", the Ishii forest was obliged to carry the story, and the whole film was broken by energy. Events between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya were involved. There was a step, a preference, an extraordinary expression, enough sex to keep interesting things, and a strange story line. So it had a certain amount of expectation and hope that I started looking for "Party 7". And my passion had been hit by the opening features, which left my wife and I really were distressed by how strong and exciting they were; The combination of anime and work of work was brilliant! Then, the real movie started. True, he did not have "too much" to start as a kind of shuffle at the side of the side and stand there, growing in his pockets, worried. <br /> <br /> The whole film is done in three rooms. One is the futuristic voyeur paradise (borrowed from the "Shark Skin Man ..."), another is the office of the transport agency, and the third (and far away used) is a hotel room of seed. In the room, the cast of seven characters meets ... does not have anything. True. I am not a stranger to the "talking" film. One of my favorites is "Day Food and Andre", a mirror of all the talking movies. "My dinner and Andre" is more exciting, and has two middle-aged men talking about their life on dinner. The important thing is that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell stories that are interesting. The release of the "Party 7" is actually upgraded to the entire film. "No, you don't!" "Yes!" "No, it's not true!" "Yes, I do!" "No, indeed, not true!" Yes, in fact ... "you get the idea, I hope. I wish the directer had it. There are only types of plots (stolen money from Yakuza, such as "Shark Skin Man ..."), accompanied by almost no action. No interesting conversation. The characters do not like much. It was like Ishii took time to talk about fear of films from Tarentino and create a whole film around them. But Tarentino's dialogue always has their inner and wit logic ("they call it 'Royale, and cheese"). Not so with a conversation here, which is a duller than you might think. If not for short publications, came from Gashuin (who is always extraordinary) and the least important performance from ASANO Tadanobu's amazing, I'd like to give "Party 7" one star. It was the task of doing all the way.
