Since I could see three others, I thought I might catch this released for the fourth TV series of Omen series. As a stand-alone film, this film is mediocre; but as a masterpiece of 1976; it's a shadow. The movie goes along the same path that many series' fall when they come out of ideas; being the idea of ​​changing the male leadership to the woman. It is always clear that this film has been made on television as acting is very common, the conspiracy is not in mind and the incidents of hateful violence mentioned in the previous three are placed below the low blood level. The film puts the thread and the original, which I can't show if it is clear; that revelation is one of the most interesting issues of the movie. The basis of the plot is largely a copy of Richard Donner, and see a young couple when they meet a child, who call Delia (not Damiella or Damiana, fortunately). There is a big dog to share, and a child minder; and soon, the wife begins to accuse that the child may not be normal; at the age of eight, and never had any disease ... <br /> <br /> The first of the sequels for The Omen was not so bad, and the series really should be ended with three numbers. I think there was some money in place, because there is no artistic reason for which this film would take place. It does not bring anything to the table with a natural issue, and the only thing that can be successful is to make it a bitter fan of the series. The movie looks and feels like a television film all the way and in many places it looks like a film about the birth of a little girl. In fact, Asia Vieira looks like a bit bitch; but he never lobbies that he is the Antichrist, as his stares are redundant and many 'evil' he does is laughable. Faye Grant is given a greater chance, and is not recommended; while some of the regrets they agreed to accept the star in the worst of time. The only good thing about this movie is the tune of the theme, which is actually broken from nature; and more used. In general, this film is not worth seeing; for it is offered whatever the series is known, and does not do justice even for the good.
