*** SPOILERS *** As a combination of the evil of Tinkers-to-Evers-to-Chance which we have in the "Omen IV" bad seed of AntiChrist Damien Thorn is dead. Scared his parents of his school neighbors and finally the whole world as he called Delia York, Asia Vieila. After being given a couple "eligible" Yorks Karen & Gene, Fay Grant & Michael Woods, and the Church of the Catholic Church of St. John's. Francis. Little Delia never lost any time to make her farmers feel the beat of her mother in a house party. Later Delia was almost killed by a truck that just fled to save himself from the "Devil Dog" called Ryder. Going to the school Delia takes village swindlers by making a big man a rain before all their classmates. Later his father threatens Yorks with a suit of law he has his head hit by a traffic accident itself! Delia is someone you will never mix with if you know it's another thing for you. At that time Dalia Gene's father becomes a great man in the city alone, or thinks, for a congress as a clean air champion and green trees rather than letting smog and real boys take a neighbor to his eye now on the White House itself! What? Her girlfriends and a wonderful Delia has anything to do with the chance of Gene York's sudden? It is only later when Jo, Ann Hearen, is employed as a Delia nanny that the truth happens on a strange and evil her power. Jo New Age is aware that Delia is very young, after turning its white black crystals, and calling Guru Guru New Age Noah, Jim Byrnes, coming and looking out. Noah is interested in what he sees in the dark-colored Delia Kirilian, black and blue-red huts, which is very popular with him because he almost fell the Delia moms car. <br /> <br /> Taken on a romantic festive trip with Jo Delia returns any event within the place of inferno setting place, through intelligent look, on fire and running everyone there running with a lid if with the poor Noah who was in the festival and ended with his broken foot. Guru and influenced by the filtered Guru was so confused with all the experience that later tracks abroad to be a meeting in the desert of Tibetan. Jo himself himself was thrown out, with the help of a sweet family and cuddly Ryder, of the second window of the apartment for his death because he knew and talked a lot. When Karen gets pregnant again she decides, finally, to know the truth about the true parents of Delia. That's when he, and we in the audience, come face to face with reality. He is not just the fearful AntiChrist who is a sister of twins! His brother AntiChrist himself is about to come there as his little born-born Alexander York! Three times there were more for AntiChrist to return to the world to bring Armageddon. The movie going public were already getting a little tired of him and his evil adventures. In fact the fourth is not necessary since Daimen Thorn, the original AntiChrist, is dead and buried for years. They were beaten with an ordinary ring without anyone who believes that little Delia is “You” AntiChrist until it was almost delayed to stop him from his round of murder to destroy the entire human race. The movie as bad as it is is too long, 97 minutes, with a flick of fear that may have been told is a story like 80 minutes. <br /> <br /> Have a personal eye Earl Knight, Mchael Student, and later sister of the Catholic Church Yvonne, Megan Lehch, and now the conception of Felichy's film in the film of the killings had no support of either conspiracy. It was only a long time of suffering for those watching movies. You can see the end of the surprise coming as soon as the film "Omen IV" started with the foundations for the last take of the world of the Arab world and civilized. What a surprise was Delia doing with a little help from friends.
