Omen IV: Wake up begins at 'St. Employees' workers where husband and wife Karen (Faye Grant) & Gene York (Michael Woods) are given a baby girl and Sister Yvonne (Megan Leitch) who have taken, call Delia. In the first case it goes smoothly but as the years passes & Delia (Asia Vieria) grows Karen mocks her as death and catastrophe follows, Karen believes she is evil. Karen then knows that she is pregnant but finds a plan to use her as a mother-in-law for the antichrist who follows and gets shocked when she knows Delia's father who was real ... <br /> <br /> led by Dominique Othenin-Girard who has been dropped or loaded and replaced by Jorge Montesi who completed the film though why he was injured is any thought like Omen IV: The Awakening is quite awesome and embarrassing compared to the wonderful predecessors. Brian Taggert's script is very bad, I don't know if this doesn't really mean good as a word written on a piece of paper but there are many things that are wrong and that I have found it hard to believe. If the worst movie Omen IV: Awakening falls flat on the face and it works better if you look like a comedy comedy, meaning the area towards the end when Detective comes face to face with a group of zombie carol singers who sing the Gothic song of terrible they should be seen reliable and I think it was quite hilarious and ignorant to the same measure. Then there is an indispensable difference between this and other Omen films because this time is a little girl, the question I have asked here is why? Great, why? There is no reason and no use at any time. Then, of course, there is a stupid stupidity in the end that says Delia has been putting her brother's brother into himself and that in a sharp plan involving a group of devotees of Satan has been placed in Karen so he can bear the Antichrist is a pastor & comes as just plain daft. At first it has the value of some entertainment because it is very bad but an unintentional hilarity provides a way to complete boredom rather than later. It is clear that it is impossible to know the amount of Omen IV: The Awakening was directed by Girard & Montesi but you can sort of tell all that was not back behind the camera as it is shabby, looking at cheap film released for really. of TV and shows and bland, flat & unimaginative movies and production design. Then there is a lack of fear, state, tension & gore which are the main things that made Omen's original movies more effective. <br /> <br /> Budget should be very low & film looks like it was. The most beautiful thing about Omen IV: The Resurrection is the ultimate shot that the camera rises on the air as Delia goes off to reveal the cross-shaped model made by two interventions but this is the ultimate shot of the final credit document that says about each nothing. I have to mention bad music that is so bad, most suitable for comedy & is very bad. Acting is best but usually the child gets angry. Omen IV: Wake up is a trash, it's a totally stupid film that tries to be bad & it just comes to come like a clump. The director's change did not have any support, that is still not excuse however. The final film of Omen so far follows the nature of Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) & The Final Conflict (1981) all that is far beyond this.
