I recently decided to restore the trilogy of Omen just to discover that {insert the demon music here} there are four. I could not expect too much from them, and in that way it really lived according to my expectations. If you watch bad movies for laughing, then this can only be a film for you. Oh, where do we start? <br /> <br /> From the beginning, "carried out for TV" looks and feel of the movie was obvious. Music is often not comparable to what was happening on the film and therefore (for better) bothers them. The script was skeptical of the work of 8-year-old children. But one thing that should be said is that the minimized script was very similar to the fun acting. Many exhibitions left me to think if it was a script or acting that was a source of ignorance. The story itself is quite narrow, taking into account all of the antics of the daughter of Damien Thorn, who was adopted out by doing wrong with the wrong. There is a lot of extraordinary and wonderful deaths that have made me as a "drama" revealed, and a third common inquiry into the whole thing. Later, through other medical events, Damien Thorn Jnr has been born. And that pretty much wraps up the plot. One thing is considered rather serious since the beginning and the lack of emphasis to make one movie monotonous and / or fraudulent area after another. <br /> <br /> Was there many WTF ?! while it also provides the aid of an unexpected comedy. For example, what has the most serious response at the start of the movie when the baby blows the mother's cheek? It is not possible 360-degree-head-turning parameters. I also laughed on the answers during baptism. The baby cries, and everyone looks very much. The struggling mother runs out of the church and the priest is left looking at her as he jumps. Huh? Then there is a nanny of the new age which appears to have a card blanche for revealing the age of 8 for each of the different spiritual forms. I laughed when the nanny suggested bringing Delie the trouble to have the right mind to meet the hippie friends of the nanny and the mother just eats her neck and shoulders. "Oh that is groovy, fill my head of the 8-year-old daughter with all these hidden things. That's cool, I don't need to be there." This course will be expected from a mother who enables her daughter to accept the entire Rottweiler who meet on the street that can beat young girls as a snack. The whole area in the legicity of the psychic is quite comical in the kps way of slapstick, from the shocking stares of psychics to Delia, to the inferno to follow. <br /> <br /> I also laughed how the nun death is considered "freak accident". Here we have a religious religion, (who is described as part of worship), who preaches with enthusiasm in a full hole of rattlesnakes to prove how the Glory of God will preserve them. He protects snakes by taking care of them and SOMEHOW he sleeps several times. It is impossible to freak the accident. More as an attempt to commit suicide. <br /> <br /> Snake-vs-nun area was not just a comical death. There is a high speed car acceleration that leads to a decline in school parking lots. Then there is a slow-moving ball of straight run towards the detective. I believe I would go and make coffee while the slow motion just started to return to see the demolition ball was still straight to the "investigator" detective. Then there is anyone who is shot - who is being killed, where the gun is leaving and they all act as if they are shot for several seconds during a horrible exchange. Then someone goes down the stairs revealing who the real victim was. Additionally, the death of the priest at the beginning of the movie was a little and insignificant to me. He walks around looking at the church's design. Obviously getting this thing is very troubling, eventually falls, taking his chest and dying. It seems the demonic thing happens, if this is what the music recommended. Ummm. OK. I wonder that others have gone through this film well and, in particular, as a "suitable column". It is difficult to identify a non-political script, false statement, and inappropriate music. The movie has no doubt, depending on the "Deydi" look Delia giving a sense of fear, which becomes rather annoying after a short time. New below: This is a bad movie with only a feature of redemption that is not expected to be comedy.
