After just 15 minutes in this film, I started to miss the film Zhang Yimou earlier, more heavy which appears in politics and Chinese society due to unique perspectives. The end of the military films was very bad in my opinion of humility. Hero was his worst film since the Cougar Operation, and the unwanted story of the story and acting more than the wood than that found in John Agar's film. Shi Mian Mai Fu is not different. If the United States who has been studying Chinese films for a few years now (and understands and can speak Mandarin), I am sure my opinion is different from many others as I appear in different history. SMMF, as a hero, is not a traditional traditional kung fu film, and certainly not a wuxia pian film. There is no sword or sword or items here. It is a different car than the most monitored films such as the Chinese Ghost story (all 3), Butterfly killers, Green Snakes, et al. While all those led by a leader who seemed to enjoy what they were doing, SMMF includes bland, and sometimes it is interesting, dialogue and card making. Zhang Ziyi plays a blind person as well as Ben Affleck. There is a high-quality air with this film that is quite realistic. It takes itself seriously, it becomes just a great joke to the end. All actors seem like this is the most important piece of celluloid in history, destroying any chance of expressing a real sense, and the full sense of it makes you wonder if Zhang Yimou was making a film for se, or simply showing (ie "ego booster") Zhang Ziyi. The camera happens to his face and he is sexually sexed once but twice in the film. Its true article has not expanded its ability to play with "w" itch. He has concentrated on his acting, coming as cold and lifeless, as if he reads his verses from the skirt. It is a matter of hearing the critics of the United States and film people (such as Quentin Tarantino completely without clueless) calling this masterpiece film. I think if they see Asian actors on the screen looking at the key when flying in the bamboo forest, they are blinded to think it is a brilliant decision of the film. Choreography of Ching Siu Tung, keeping its business style, editing, and stability, has no skill and originality of its original films as the Chinese Ghost story, Dragon Inn, and Duel to Death. Unfortunately, the wire in this film is true, and if there is a small work of the wire, then maybe it should not be made faster. It also goes with special effects that have a B-sounding film. Beans, pigs, bowls, arrows, swords, and other random objects rise air (after cast) regardless of logic, turn, climb, and bank like that there is a little pilot inside. I know that the logic is not suitable for the Chinese military military, but if you do not want to influence the player's interest from your audience, then you should work on your more. Mass melodrama, when you feel very funny, anti-boring events, the true twins of the uninspired are what awaits you with Shi Mian Mai Fu. It is obvious that Zhang Yimou has not made a film for the Chinese audience. This means the outbreak of the West market like CTHD did. After looking at the hero and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wants to make Hollywood films, he is definitely far from the beginning. SMMF is essentially a Phantom risk of Chinese military films. And I thought Hero was bad.
