Some children climb the mountains, and one of them gets into a big tunnel and finds the old mummified gladiator. He puts on a gladiator hat and uses all the film to kill the rest. This thing is so not necessarily mean dirty. Here is a short list of things that are not worth meaning: <br /> <br /> 1) Your boy and girl in their tent and they think they hear something outside. This goes out to explore and finds someone else's outside. Then he hears his partner shouting so that they can return to the tent - next morning ?! He had only 50 feet! <br /> 2) These two dunderheads hear another girl crying (What, 100 feet away?), but do not follow because they are afraid they will be lost. 3) Another boy and girl walk around, and in their 10th place together the girl informs the boy that as a result, the protocol should not identify him as a professor. I mean, what ...? First of all, that's just a foolish thing to say, the second did not call his professor in the first nine events they were together. <br /> 4) The girl's attack on Demonicus and stopped her, telling her the part of her gladiator training taught her how to be injured without killing. Um, yeah, we saw that he was wounded and not dead because he got up and walked. But, thanks to that information. 5) One girl wrapped in a Demonicus position, and when someone tries to free her, instead she tells this man to go and get help. Um, see, idiot, if he would put you free, which will take 5 seconds, there will be no need to get help. And it just goes on and on. The middle part of the movie is used by two videos lost in the bushes, then they fight, then set up the tent and ignore the blow of their friends, then move around. It just so destroyed the boring and meant that I turned the DVD off half through. These characters are not compassionate, especially those who find a lot of time. Demonicus himself made me laugh every time I saw him - he looked like a child in Halloween dress, examining his face to look at evil. He walks, or I must say scampers around as he is gay. Specific effects are comedic, acting it for the worst part, and nothing makes sense. Overall, perhaps this concept might be a fun filmy film if you put more time and effort in it, eliminate good discussions, create characters with realistic features, to have a certain type of flow. The logic on the stage, and maybe even do the Demonicus female character in the gladiator's sexy dress. But no, instead we find this unwise bunch that will kill you.
