Well, so I took this Clown-like-Chainsaw-Massacre-esquire film, unexpectedly, but I wanted a novel movie killer. (from the back of the box is the following synopsis) "At first, it was just a shock - a story near the fire of the fire - for five friends living in a remote cabin in Texas. the pieces of the lost body, the voodoo sores, a few frogs of their lives but he is out and he is sick. And all he wants is blood ... "We mean: why this clown in the forest began? Why clown? Why are their dolls with the word "food" supplied on them? Why? It is impossible to answer anything in this 30 minute hour. bearing hatred except where this life lives. The characters are dumb boys, dumb girls, and hell for many bitchiness. One is exactly the girl who brought from the restaurant to the road, who thought they should help because she was having trouble with someone who knew. What permits are the excuse to bring the girl to the circle of friends or their cabin? He, in fact, begins to sow seeds of jealousy, having men having sex with him by feeding their minds that they want to hear. every awesome film without distinction. Workers seemed to be brought from an opera soap that they complained and stretched over everything. The idea that the main character in the film takes this girl to the cabin as their first date makes it a horrible date, but in fact, she is engaging with her on the first night of knowing. There was no budget for anything, it seems, but there was a clown outfit and a lot of $ 1 of the cheapest stores located near the forests, which was a horrible scene to shoot all of this photo (too many times). I was also waiting for the player to jump into the house to kill the remaining 4 characters (through glass perhaps), but there is nothing exciting like what went into the film. I think you just had to be like a clown being a killer or something. I was supposed to give a film 3. It was an impressive cluster (clown like a Texas Chainsaw massacre, basically) and I will give the star for a great performance while the film would have been the best B video, but chose the style of video more valid. But finally, maybe I would feel like renting a Killer Klowns from Mars's video again before returning to look at this. Ah, but this art of covering ... very good drawing.
