I am happy! I have had a sneak peak in this small shot in Texas from Artisan Entertainment a week before reaching the video shelves and I would like to tell you ... I have been laughing too many times in my life as I was looking at this angry megawatts leave the railroad and stealing the name of the 'worst' movie ever created 'from a full-time KILLJOY Full (I am sure many of us are afraid of the fans who have suffered through it!) From all the symptoms, it was shot on the DV, and it is not recommended 'watch' all of the quality of the target for digital, but the boy does not fail to fail in any area that counts! Myth (little and cliche as it is) goes as follows ... Executive (Ken Hebert, who also scripted and co-produced by the director) takes a skeptic worker Tracy (Amanda Watson) and horny married couple Mark and Susan (Hank Fields and Chris) Buck) with the getaway of the weekend to cabin '12 miles' from the nearest city. On the way there, it takes a bottle of melissa (Melissa Bale) on the bar and ends at their destination where the hot night story of the clown murder closes the area that had been done during each dirty-wackin friend, a smokin-friend's friend disappeared with one one, and only parts that were beaten to the left behind to tell the story of their documents. The clown player is not even on the film until the end and does not see anything as a demon show on the video box (away from being more than a disease). They usually use an hour around the trees, cut down trees and nursery songs. I can't say enough bad things about the cast, especially the two boys and chick hitchhiker, who offer their uncomfortable conversation at a low level of enthusiasm or overturning at the wrong times. What? It is not really helpful that the script is completely and completely free of doubt, nature, intelligence, general cooperation or humor. I would like to continue the day on how this film was not present, how many mistakes to continue and how to stimulate all production is, but I will only reduce it by showing that the whole package is a very debate in that Boy-This - is looking for a way. Also note that the film is released here in the United States as SICK (SERIAL INSANE CLOWN KILLER). It is currently published under its name (native) of GRIM WEEKEND. <br /> <br /> Score: 1 out of 10
