In addition to giving caffeine kick d expect from a film that shares its name with the most energy-supplement of warm drinks, Coffy clunks about and never really growing on being just ropey revenge. In fact, if the movie was a cup of coffee, it'd be rather weak and watery, saturated with a few bad skulls and a lack of good quality spread. Here and there are spot hits, but otherwise it's not hot action-drama that expects to be. <br /> <br /> Plot-wise, Coffy is a nurse who takes the rules in his own hands and gives the right to the pushing, woman-pimpin 'medicine, group-suckers that hook his little sister in a misguided, sick condition. The social and political clarity on the fate of black youth in the Americas is popular in Coffy, and it makes for some of the most exciting things like Coffy meetings on political corruption and white introduction of racism that benefit and become parasites on Afro -The target of a few US. Sadly, the message of time caused by poor quality of film and lack of consideration. Coffy's ideas are important, they are just not the goal. One of the most points of Coffy is the presence of a photo to relax for Plax Pam Grier. Grier goes to his role with gusto and makes it to the heroine of the charming while shooting in the soil in its many fascinating acts of vigilante (you should deal with a house full of hoods? Drive a car through the front door!). It is only shameful that journalists are constantly diminishing, wasting time to eradicate sexual abuse as possible. The budget can not help, but no fact that for Blaxploitation rotation, Coffy lacks a groove. Like issues that are damaged by lack of quality, so entertainment and excitement are also reduced by time of gentleness and destruction. <br /> <br /> Total results are working with timber. We find the heroine of the hip but not the hip movie. It is embarrassing if Coffy has its time and should certainly be seen as an important film in the Blaxploitation craze; does not get on the average, the temperature number.
