How do I start fixing a film that will soon be recognized as 'the worst movie of all time' and 'the worst director at all?' A movie that can develop the next worship because it is 'very bad'? The filing technique of refusing the film appears to be useless and the part of the pipeline-let's let us go free without worrying back because everyone in the world is doing it, and people who resemble films like that for the wrong we say. The world-wide film quality goes without saying - 'Sixteen years of Alcohol' is not a competition for the title of the worst film and it is worth sinking down to get the head and save it, but I believe this film can go distance. IMDb does not allow enough words to mention the failures of all the films, making it easy to find the 'Sixteen Years of Alcohol' website. Unfortunately, at the time of glory is far too far buried in the shadows of this film that is a work that is not suitable to follow. <br /> <br /> My comment? I thought I knew what I was coming in, I had been drinking several cups of coffee before sitting down to look at this (wanting to be a comment was Vodka cups). Despite my low expectations, 'sixteen years of Alcohol' could not please me even with 'playing bad movie'. It's not just bad, but it is very clear that Jobson tried to make this film a slow but yawn and went into destruction and sounded down the rhythms under our throat and made it not strange but beautiful. .. and claims Jobson sincerely tried to make a good film? Even after looking at the promotional books of 'Sixteen Years of Drinking,' I have trouble believing Jobson's truth. It cannot be understood and refused to the end and several times of the bottle (all I have no intention) chose the film, and these few things opposed me to turning the DVD. Not too bad? No. It was enough 'I can't believe this is a short film' so that I can wipe it, and nothing more. <br /> <br /> Of course the film will look with a group of bad- connoisseurs of the film. Get your own definition of going. That would greatly improve my experience. It is still Mike Myers speaking on his Scottish stick on it as it walks, turning this piece around the sludge on the comic horse "Ok dare men, give me an annucer of datkey".
