I couldn't believe that this film started in 2007, it had all the flick-flick visibility under the average of seven years. Did they not have any knowledge of special effects of modern or CGI ?! Did they not know that in the millennium violent violence in the required movie and / or scifi should be at least a graphic? Or have I found a wrong purpose, it must be a deep and meaningful story of man and beast, bound together in a great circle of life, or a warning to people who have no disturbance with the State, or something like that? It does not matter, any way it is wrong to me this film has failed on all accounts. First of all: Cluster is not very possible. If for some time you are able to replace the general eye, no medical scientist will try his first human attempt with all eyes at the same time, that is not enough. And do it all without the patient's consent? And why does the world choose eyes that have an unusual color for humans, and makes the victim a shock? By the way, I realized that all the wolf in the movie had a puppy-like ordinary eyes of darkness, could not wait for the same model? Stories are crippled, it is about this poor Aaron who finds these optical entries, which makes it feel like a pastor (or at least, that's what I do) and then chased by some soldiers. Especially this last end is ridiculous. I mean, I can understand that the army is attracted to the results of the experiment (think of soldiers who are seeing night-eyes!) But if the operation fails because of the nervous breakdown of the patient, it is more than why I 'go to kill him. Why not leave alone and the other recipient is unique? (volunteer soldiers maybe?). And why not try to kill everyone who is involved with Aaron, the poor? What? Hell is these stairs, however, I do not trust the US or government army, acting like psychopaths, walking around weapons to make automatic weapons, running private apartments such as after a public enemy # 1, and showing the last time displayed in the forest lack of discipline, as a group of school children feared, scared and shooting randomly. Aaron, for some reason that is incomprehensible, feels like a wolf after being grafted into the eyes. Why would that be ??? Suddenly he sees a vision of a wolf. What is this? What? Should we believe that the memory of the wolves of aid are located within the eyeball balls? And that the recipient of the eyeball also gets the desire of the wolf for red meat (life) and can fly from the balcony on the 30 feet and the land is not banned by four as a cat (can wolf even do it?!) /> <br /> The actor (or lack thereof) does not support the credibility of all of this either: everyone is created through their lines such as timber, especially this Indian girl, can be good but can only come up with a single expression ( tortured) with some unpleasant groups about the power of Nature, and it strikes me why Aaron is suddenly on it (but hey, it is likely to have at least one of love!). I was compassionate and actor Cory Monteith, who looked like a good boy with a good face, but didn't give much to go with her. He should run around with a covering for more than half of the movie, which can be fun to watch, but then they were better to choose someone with a more interesting physique, Monteith really should leave his shirt on. His murder and these attacks were not shown, we hear some screams and fears of fear and then there is another victim lying down with Aaron and more blood on his face and chest. Not too much of modern sci-fi fears! Just a good actress came from Justine Bateman, and I liked to see how she succeeded in a beautiful and forty-year-old woman. He did what he could with his gentle lines and even believed me to be this doctor with good intentions, but they did his kind of wimp, who gets perfectly close to the leader of these soldiers. It's a pity that the script didn't make him stand a bit more! Finally this shows that it is a non-romantic and stimulating film, impossible or exciting, with incredible incidents, many of the National Geographical Wildlife Surroundings surrounding the forest and slopes (cares ????, some of India's proud songs about Man and Nature with uniforms of music and poppy songs at the wrong time. I think the word "superfluous" covers it all.
