The combination begins as the water treatment of the planet Arat Scates (Cory Monteith) is involved in an accident that leaves the blind. Fortunately it is a skilled scientist Dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman) who works for Olaris has initiated a transplanting operation from one species to another, Hewitt decides that Aaron will be perfect for his first human experiment. Hewitt & his team climbs the eyes of the Wolf to Aaron and he begins to see again. Brilliant, right? Indeed, it is not true since Aaron begins to go to hell if he sees random pictures of Wolves & begins to develop a desire for blood. Aaron runs away from the Olaris building & keeps running but he has only the value to allow & search for a full-scale search to set ... <br /> <br /> Guided by Yelena Lanskaya this is still a Sci-Fi Channel offering that just puts awesome for every possible way, I think it probably started life as "Creative Articles" the same but ended up as one of the most powerful and inappropriate Sci-Fi movies I found that it does not 't even insert any kind of monster or creature. The mixture is bad, the script is awesome and I don't even know who was meant to appeal. Pre-ordination is similar to Aaron's getting the eyes of the Wolf but then the pieces of hybrid sci-fi elements and become a kind of horrible game as it focuses on Aaron's mental state as he tries to do something particularly with an American woman. Yes, do you think the Sci-Fi Center could make films about the Wolves and put the trash on the Native American stories there and also? Characteristics of the character are amazing, Aaron is shown as a hero of torture and he is the only character of killing anyone in the film and is an uncertain, irresponsible and angry person when Dr Hewitt is shown as a bad scientist but he gives Aaron back to see and he did nothing but try to help him. I mean Aaron returns the gift to see but Hewitt is hosting? Also, the typical Sci-Fi Channel of the US military cooperation is now, the problem is why they want so much Aaron? He is not a soldier and when he has an eye Wolves to help him see in the dark he completely unremarkable. The script can't make his mind if it is all in the mind of Aaron or is true, the latter is so bad and half naked (this rememeber was for telly) Aaron ran through the forest and packed the Wolves to put some awesome music that I think you should have emotional but makes it even more. There are many things that are wrong with the mixture, it's slower than hell, there is almost no action, no Werewolves and films go round on the circles trying to get into Aaron's mind yet it's all ignorant, ignorant and sad don't care one bit & don't have any information about what despite the eyes of the Wolves planted in Aaron begins to develop other feelings of the Wolf. Like diabetes I have problems with my eyes, hell I had a great surgeon on my right eye & I can assure you that after your eye operation would be proud, you could not open it and it would be as unsafe as you might even have The eye of Aaron's eye climbing the bed his eyes are full with no swelling or red. No special effects, no blood or gore or violence & nothing exciting. In fact now I think about it nothing even away from feeling or sci-fi feeling about this, it feels like a drabe film of the week. <br /> <br /> Listed in Manitoba in Canada The film looks similar but is bland & forget. Acting is poor from all involved who no one has seen before and never hope again. <br /> <br /> The films of the film are awesome films which are obviously sold as some of the Waswolve 'Feature Feature' but it is far from that & many people will try too hard to reach the wrong end that you might have.
