A conspiracy sound an elaborate ... The scientist (Bateman) realizes how to transplant the eyes of animals and nerves to see into other animals, as human beings. Boy (Monteith) is blinded to save my colleague at work - a scientist gets a call from a doctor that a boy is a good candidate to be the first human recipient. The recipient begins to be more with the wolf, but the effect is not more than the “wonderful eyes” and runs at night with the dog! (For the entire movie) the budget is too small, the conversation is also stilted (I laughed loudly in some discussion of ignorance), and acting too inept. The lengths of the movie are not as much as a dream, music music and wolf's inner parts. The way for a very long minute even in 90, boring, and without imagination. <br /> <br /> The military want to use eye transplants to give the wounded soldiers back their eyes, and perhaps want to melt the technology. There is a silly lesson about a beautiful Indian girl (Korey) who thinks she can help, using Indian wisdom about wolves. They do love while music that drives with Indian music is heard - mad, man! The love of love takes place immediately after the murder of gruesome - who edited this turkey? grouchy "medicine man" who rebuked the platitudes seems to do little, except for the add atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Here are two ignorant scenes. An employee at the laboratory goes to the zoo to find out that monkeys are released outside their ponds. She gets scared, looks left on the monkeys, turns right, turns left, turns right, turns left .. this goes for a while (who ends this ??). FROM DAM LAB! I was very scared and started laughing. Another part of ignorance - our hero is at home, running out the window like a very powerful soldier to arrive - leaving the open window, military men going to the open window, check out the window, they say "it looks like it was here", and stop! He went to the open window, people !! Crazy. Welcome to the end of the movie, the military boys are constantly guns at the trees, while there is nothing - easy to put the groups I think. They have 6 machine guns that have cut down trees, but decide to fight our hero with a knife 1 !!! Shoot the guy! Who wrote this garbage? There is an endless conflict, and you believe I don't know anything to you - there is not enough plot to destroy. I see anything was to write a tax or a refugee job using the unspent budget spent on the best film.
