I don't understand people. Why this film gets 8.3 !!!!!! ???? I was very optimistic of this movie, but once I was about half an hour in me I wanted to leave the theater. In many comments on this site people say that this is one of the best movies of the actions that have seen (or the summer, the year, etc.) they say is the best conclusion. WTF !!!!!!!!! ?????? What was concluded (instead of the fact that Bourne can run a motorcycle, shoot, and fight better than anyone else comes)? What do you learn about Bourne's behavior in this movie ??? quite totally ****** no !!!!!!! Okay, there's a lot of steps, but what is the biggest on stage in this film ?? I don't like movies and film editing. The effect of a powerful camera and a rapid change of use was used to TOO a lot and it gets very fast (I didn't care for because it was still easy to follow and was not used for extra) and made me completely dizzy. I was eager to have saved my $$$ for something else. <br /> <br /> This movie has no plot. All this movie is 115 minutes expelled. Bourne, who learns anything about 115 minutes of the movie, is perfect in everything she tries. There is no development in this film, you know nothing about anyone, and there are many columns of new characters that are brought in this phase. Some people said that this film has amazing and insistent text. ??????????? !!!!!!!! Write what ???? What causes ??? There is no doubt. Bourne is perfect in doing everything she does, I don't think she has anything to worry about. If this is the best movie in 2007 I will only stop watching movies completely !! Many people also said that Matt Damon's performance in this film is one of the best (if not better) of his work. What works? How many lines did he have in this film? I am honored for Damon because he has been in the movies I have loved and played different types of characters, but good performances are someone who can easily recognize from one film to another, someone who chooses different roles. It is not the person who works the same as often (which Damon does not do, but the example of the person doing is the diesel fuel). <br /> <br /> However, this movie was a BIG wish for me. I do not recommend this movie but I recommend the first two (Bourne Identity and Bourne Ukuu) and I certainly recommend reading three books (which are very different from movies).
