The low level of Universal chiller has been announced as the release of a selected DVD but, as the aim of the collection of similar movies I had already, I decided to get out of the way other than waiting for a valid release. Which is such, because the final result was not anything special (if it is good atmosphere there): for the beginning, the plot is pretty weak? although it somehow anticipates Vincent Price THEATER OF BLOOD (1973) however without any of the college's films. What are we here, in fact, is an image artist (Martin Kosleck)? who we even see sharing his measuring plate of cheese with his pet cat! ?? who, having found himself at the end of receiving the reflection of the art Alan Napier's vitriolic pen one at a time, decides to put an end to all by striking himself in a nearby river. However, just thinking of that step, he hopes to be killed by Rondo Hatton, called "The Creeper", and, naturally, saves the life of a poor person with the intention of having to do all the dirty work for thanks! Although it is alleged to have been installed in New York's art circles, all that we see in the work is Kosleck and businessman Robert Lowery (who keeps drawing a beautiful girl blatuesque Joan Shawlee regularly in banal how is it possible for art?) Who, easily , he is involved with the rival artist (Virginia Gray) of Napier! Before a short time, the end that is discovered by his lower back and Lowery is a suspect; but then investigating investigations Bill Goodwin gets a great idea to share another critic in order to publish a thorough investigation of Lowery's work (I did not know that writing drawings have been reviewed) to test how interesting it is for his answers! Meanwhile, Kosleck deceives himself in thinking that he creates his masterpiece for the craggy drawing of a special Hatton? and recognized? The worthless face to say, attracts a priority to visit Gray always (led to believe that they do not have equipment for its weekly column)? very angry with the artist and fashion. Bafflingly, though Creeper is fully aware of how gray looks (thanks to his haunting mentioned above the blowed pad), he breaks Shawlee? who had then become a girl of Goodwin! ?? in the floor of the Lowery and, to hear Kosleck speaking to (you have done so) Gray on his intention to throw him as a man fall to the police, send a slow-witted giant off his end ?? even less to destroy himself now completed a picture of stone. Interestingly, though this was the last film of Hatton, its name in credit is pre-epithet "setup"!
