How the sheep-like film goes to the public often shows that. Once a few critics say something new is good (ie - "Shake-Cam"), everyone jumps on the bandwagon, as if they have no idea of ​​independence. This was not a good movie, it was a bad movie. 1) Plot? - What is the plot? Bourne was expelled from here to there, from beginning to end. That's a plot. Don't see anything more than this. 2) Explore the details? - Help me! Any 7-year-old armed with an old 8mm movie camera could do better work (not spread here). This film is a visit-de-force of the work of an amazing camera. The shaking of each deception (in fact I mean each) will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) It is believed? - yes it is obvious. This is a jewel of trust. I loved events about Bourne being expelled by the police (local) through Tangier market roads. - I've been Tangier. Even leaders cannot go their way through these roads but Bourne drove 100 policemen faster and finesse. Greengrass must be cutting his head for the absence of his film students. 4) Editing? - I don't know the editor was when he made this film but I want! - Each area is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. I felt nausea at the end of the film due to the impact of the flashing "events". 5) Focusing? - Hmmm. This is an interesting feature. The film seems to have never been led. More cases of Greengrass give us a copy of the script (all pages) in cameramen and told "shoot a few scenes while drinking". - "Don't care for boys, we will close events together in the edit room". The editor must have tarred, feathered and put in storage to allow this monstrosity to hit the screen of 6 silver) Not one but the senior CIA's operators offer women's bids for the careless and ignorant Jason Bourne. - Put their lives on the line for someone who couldn't even be sure that they are not a traitor. Talk about stupid nincompoops. (Those evil men of CIA are trying to stop any client who uses a piece of paper on the floor). (well, all people are bad, don't you? - Without SNAGS of course). Yes, this is a modern and politically appropriate film that shows women to be the heroes of the day and men who are tired as a real threat to mankind. 7) When you know - what eventually faces a fan, the good overcomes the evil (as it did, eh?) And the murderer gets a drop on Jason Bourne - suddenly finds a trap of guilt and stops pulling trigger (Yes - right ...) - The same, the deputy poor director happens just turn - the gun in hand and he pulls the pull. - How does this 60-year-old man run very quickly and even had no breath? Wonders will never leave 8) Do not worry, there is a festive celebration and baddies get pulled before the court. Indeed, we cannot have negative, politics, CIA organizations that make people shot, can we? How pleasing to see the truth for the life of P.C. The film of Noughties. ------------- The Ultimatum of Bourne is a huge garbage.
