The number of bonds in this section was greater than the first of 9. They do not follow their own rules about the soul where the destruction of the body makes the soul canceled. This came down to the second body. The body, and Dean, decreases around 20 feet from Sam but then they are the same as Sam. The intervals are from an open store, at night, and we can see everything. It is night but light passes through windows. The Spirit who died in the 1960s calls a call? Come! No way Sam can get a psychiatrist to see him that day he makes an appointment with a doctor talking to Sam if not his first visit. Sam and Dean knew there were other bodies in the park and the innocent souls were still missing and they did nothing to help them. That doesn't seem like something that Winchester boys could do. Oh and after walking around the mattress filled with flats and around the worst stocks of makeup and hair of girls is perfect and not on his white shirt. When the implementation of this section had problems with the premise was good and rarely had creeped out but fear as Dean sat reading the magazine Elicots. I only knew that the greatest thing for the soul would be for the person who violates holiness. Elicot was not found. Maybe that's an error for something like that important or a place (if Elicot's office) should draw a soul when a person is living or entering. When they differ, I want to shout ... 'that's how you die! Always sit together and watch each other back! 'but it doesn't hear me: o the spirit of Elicot and its special ability was very touching. It is the first time to show but I want to fear Elicot taking one of its victims and using the prospect of torture to get us out of it. Exactly because of the lighting lights I gave this 4. A sudden glow or shining of the whole lighting area as a flickers flashlight is all the most scary. The light comes or the flashlight grows and once the soul is in their face is awesome. I understand the directors want us to see its location but then we will talk or definitely connect with Elicot touch the lightning and lighting lights. What? Participants respond to the fact that a powerless reserve suddenly has lights in one room. White white lighting circles like electrical power as well as Elicot finger strength. Great, MCG could do well.
