I saw many events of RMFTM as a young man on the "Theater Cliffhanger" after midnight on the local center, and again when the Secretary of the Secret Science was struck on it in the early 90s. Time has never been good. I can provide allowances for special effects, which were quite surprising for the lowest of the 50 budget (IMO commando centers were better than George Reeves / Superman in his TV show) . And I can also give allowances to ahem, "act", and fight choreography -. except for the boy who plays the month of the Moon. He is very clear. He looks and acts as a colleague who comes to fix your taps, not the controller of the alien race. Even the corny conversation works well - everyone appears on their line as the terms of firecrackers, without the time of loss or suspension of things like "ideas" or "focus". Since everyone does that, the viewer gets immersive over time, and even with my modern feelings, it doesn't have a lot of trouble. What I hear is writing and planning. I'm not talking about the sunny weather on the moon, or organizing a powerful rocket ship, or a flying suit that has written controls "up / down" and "fast / slow". I even have a concern and enthusiasm for the declarations of fighters who complete each chapter. I am talking about the fact that our numbered heroes are dumber than the fence posts and have no general reference. And for the fact that although the video chat is similar to the train that describes, the plot goes the same way again. Dial: Commando Cody and its pal are a high-tech laboratory of hi tech technology technology charged for protecting the World (or at least USA) against invader alien invasion. But his office has no guard or security inspection. They don't even lock the front doors. So bad people walk RIGHTS and beat out of Cody and his staff ... not once (perhaps understandable) but in time. They even grab his female assistant in the second attempt. And they can not get smarter. In order to prove more my point, let me explain the way Cody jumps in his flying suit and jump around in trouble and never really seems to succeed in catching anyone. He does it again and again. Cody also jumps his ship to the Moon (the assistant woman comes along with cooking), sits for 30 seconds and returns once and returning. Cody takes one of Atomic Ray guns ... and immediately loses it to bad people because it can't be worried to close it. And so on. And you would think that if Cody's efforts were too important to save the US from the Men's Month, so he could ask a few soldiers and carts, a few helicopters and a tank or two to bring him back, instead of working with local police at all. This was supposed to be a military operation, but it does as part of the "Gangbusters". <br /> <br /> All is very difficult stomach. I am grateful that the designers were very few in the scope of their stories to budget and time constraints ... and I know that Cody is actually a strong hombre (even though she has lost half of her fistfights). But I can only help shout "DOOR! LOCK THE DOOOOR !!" when the gangsters just walk in his laboratory, or try to hit the ship with no safety measures on the site of landing place ... even the fence (!). <br /> <br /> Still, it's okay. Among the three periods of the Republic I looked at, "Phantom Creeps" had a better plot, and "The Kingdom of the Undersea" had more atmosphere (hah!) And the best hero than "Radar Men", but it's time for retirees. <br /> <br /> BTW ... why "Radar" men? They did not use the radar, they used Atomic Ray Guns. Should the head not be "Atomic Ray Gun Men from The Moon?"
