Horror Houseboat is the main head of this film. It's quite a spot-up, and therefore the only feature of the film that I can give 10 out of 10. There are house boats, there are fears, there is even a panic that happens on house boats. But if there was a movie poster ID, certainly that 'Something shonky this way comes ...' for Houseboat Horror is the most simple Australian movie horror I've ever seen, not to mention one of the worst horror films I've ever seen, and the quiz The very hatred of making movies in general. The good news is, so it is very dangerous to the blood, flows directly through the viewer's view of the audience in the incredible world of uninhibited hilarity. It is worth watching * because * it is very dangerous for blood. The 'worst' type did not come from the story, for the simple reason that there is one: record producer, film workers and rock Car drive to a village called Lake Infinity, a rural attraction in Victoria (actually Lake Eildon) to play a music video. One is not very happy to see them there and, perhaps in an attempt to make the audience gracious, begins to isolate them directly with a very sharp knife. Even more informing how long it takes survivors to realize this truth, <br /> <br /> On the face, it looks like a slider's b-movie very common. You have a very angry youth, an uncomfortable elderly, angry locals (one of them, a petrol attendant, could win the competition), and the murderer's details could be Jason Voorhees easily. Ah, but only if the values ​​and crop production were anywhere near good as a comparison hub which was Friday Section 13 VII. Unfortunately, Horror Houseboat does not have all these things. <br /> <br /> But in the end, this only makes what you get ridiculous and amusing. One-time traders 'Late Show' and 'Get This' member Tony Martin will be ready to understand some of the real conversation of the conversation ('Check out the view ... you will!'), While the real song migrating the music video is too bad to be heard - I can't help to ask if the author / director Ollie Wood expects it will actually hit. The aspect of fear is similar to I think B-slashers of the type and particular of the period, but there was a time when I couldn't help thinking someone to enter the hamburger off-screen and see the volley of tomato sauce sprayed in the wall on the screen. Indeed, if you have heard Tony Martin to promote this film as a garbage trash like myself, I don't think you will be discouraged. Any fan of the worst-is-good worries' should not pass space. If you are able to 'stop' or not something else. If, on the other hand, you are looking for the best quality in Australian fear of the type, keep a copy of the 'End End' and don't see it again.
