Watching the replay of about 8 different videos of the 1994-1997 cartoons of Spider-Man made me realize why I couldn't smoke when you left. <br /> <br /> I'm from an old school, where 1967 the spider's cartoon was better and still better. (I will not enter the psychedelic version which is awesome - give me the traditional criminals to please.) Paul Soles, where now? This boy was the best for the sound to make for Spider-man. No one is near. Looking at the mysterious battle, a great idea for the mini-cartoon series, made me wince. Dr's emergency looks like a comedy version of Bela Lugosi. In the territory of Head Chakundu and Doc Ock, the Red Skull has not received the emphasis on Germany when Ock is heavy Russian! The amazing wonder of the comic hero from 1966 was the most beautiful sound of action. Iron Man sounded as he was wearing a metal mask, Captain America demonstrated the authority not as a little child. Paul Frees as Thing in 60 years was the best Thing ever. The former voice actors were founders and there would be no one like them. Ever hearing the son of Mel Blanc? There is no way he can imitate his father. <br /> <br /> Animation is clunky. Okay, therefore they have all the shadings of the concepts and the best color covers. Sometimes you can say more with a little movement if many movements seem bad. Sometimes when you allow the computer to take their course becomes robotic. I don't think any of these animators know what middle. Stories are badly written, and some verses they give to the heroes are terrible. Why, for example, when the heroes gather together for the first time they start fighting? In the Conflict of War, it was an emerging excuse that made those who disagree. I can see if the hero was dark, unknown and strange - as a punisher, but why Thing and Iron Man can not hold their anger and everyone is ignorant, then Torchi join. This is just another comic future trend to get heroes per square for each other for a few seconds because 'everyone' wants to see those things. Give them a good reason to fight and maybe it may be dragged away, but "Hey what are you doing here" and "You tell me what to do" is the reasons for KIJA. Another bad episode is in the wedding where Harry Osborne struggles to destroy Peter's wedding. The whole situation was bad. Lastly, but it is certainly not the least, it is what the other person criticizes for the abuse of young people - there is no even restrictions. In the Conflict of War, Foolish carefully paid the Thing payment. But punch punches bad people in the entire block in quests. You must only turn to lift heavy objects and defeat the bad person by holding him in the cartoon. Indeed, these cartoons are not strictly done for adults but for children under 12. This is why they can't beat, because mother and father do not believe in such a kind of violence. But you can pull things, these cartoons will include that. As a child before political accuracy came in the style I saw cartoons fight. What is wrong with the punch for chops? Is there too little abuse in the world today because these new and careful cartoons took punch? I see this is the most insulting thing when I look for new things. They have written "punch" because we can hurt ourselves. Children / children, consider these cartoons you want, I have seen enough. <br /> <br /> 3/10 evaluation
