Time Remake When Calling Out, obviously I was interested in looking at nature. Then I read about the nature (which I remember had my sisters left entirely in the day) I saw that real money is on Black Christmas, which seems to beat everyone to "the player is in the house". So I Netflix that, and sits on my list for months due to "very long waiting." All this time I get more and more interested in seeing it! Then one day, out of blue, finally comes! ... And it's a general hunger. Of course, maybe I have raised expectations, but I don't think it would have found more I found clean. The thing is Christmas in a city of Canada, and there is this evil party. We see some killer-POV shots as she climbs this trellis and climbs into an attic. So we know he is at home. Then are we brought by our characters? - Olivia Hussey as mousy, whiny, Jessan-accented Jess. Margot Kidder as an outrageous Barb, violently violent. She is so happy that her mother has welcomed her to her Christmas celebrations. There is also this to persuade Janis Ian clone ("Phil") and this mother mother of Mrs. Mac Mac, to see taking nips from various bottles of booze she dropped every house. We also meet Jess's very-strung boyfriend Peter, played by Keir Dullea of ​​2001 and Bunny Lake is Missing popularity, although half through the film I was still asking myself "Who is Keir Dullea?" So it seems that the house has received a secret phone, but this was before email, so they could not ask him to send pictures. Then? - well, you know how they say these bags of dry-cleaning plastic is not a toy? One of the sisters finds that in a difficult way. Do not worry if you take the first 14 shots of a plastic corpse as it enters a component - - there will be more than 28 coming into the film, obviously making you say "Oh my God! There's a corpse in the upper room!" Even after the first hour has changed: "Did the dumb police not see the corpse of the plastics so clearly in the field of booths?" Especially if it is made very clear that it seems clear from outside the house. In fact, at any time before the CSI coming to the air should be a golden age of crime; These soldiers are dumb. Fortunately some of them look like John Saxon. However, after playing a lot more of the humanitarian game, the housewife is afraid that her precious kitty has increased the vertical level and has opened a very good trap door that catches on the cat (those cat cats! ), because it puts his head there and ends with a duckling on his neck with difficulty. Now we have two bodies on the apartment? - hey, why don't we have more than 75 shots trying to trigger us with the fact that now there are TWO bodies in the apartment? So now the police have started to take the situation seriously, and tap the home phone and the police station out. They tell Jess and his nose Janis Ian that if the dirty pastor returns, they need to put him on the phone. Jessica, who has grown more whiny, mousy and annoying keeps asking the caller "Who is this? What do you want? Who are you?" after the first call 89, when it is clear that he will not answer. What? Not as a sign of development disability? Lack of learning from unsuccessful efforts on something? And what will he do, suddenly say "Oh, hi, is Bob from Laundromat?" Dumb Jess. <br /> <br /> Breakers! However, recently Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) have been beaten on the bed with ketchup decreased in their faces (this idea of ​​the movie film), and Jedi knows that there is no door or window inside the house locked. Hello? What? Or what? Then his colleagues know that the murderer is at home, and call him Jess and tell him "don't ask questions, just do as I say? Walk to the front door and go." Why does moron Jess do? Starting screaming "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb?" Hey, great idea sister. Now why go to the top floor where you know the psychologist is trying? Of course he does, and seeing his old friends, all broke up with ketchup, enabling the viewer right on the screen: "Have a clue now!" Now, obviously someone needs to be aware and realize that this film was done before the original movie star stars were stable in their place, and that did not interfere with the same speed, and saw the corpse of the covered plastic on the floor as if 206 was probably scary back in the day, and people were not directed by psychology, so they didn't think, you know, closing doors or windows. And they might be tempted to walk upstairs when they were just told that a sharp killer is there. See, the people were ignorant after 70 years. We should understand that. One of the major injuries is that we don't even see our last girl to kill psychological. But you do not believe, the fact is more interesting that you have been counted in this inspection than surveillance. Break the end! ------ Hey, check out Cinema de Merde, my site on bad and fun movies (with small fine movies being played). You can find the URL in my email address above.
