BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most valuable books, but in this scenario the magic animation is not there. This edition remains faithful to the Dahl's original story so that no one can blame on John Hambley's script. If there is an error with a non-color animation, the consistency of sound and high sound. A person will have the right to expect this story to make a happy, fun, fun film ... instead, the film is a hopeless thing that is very irrelevant. Children who have no skills and stories should definitely read the book first! All movies will make it possible to wipe out what is known to girls. Sophie's little baby (the voice of Amanda Root) lives in an orphanage under the care of Mrs. Clonkers. One evening she watches through the window while striking a huge figure walking quietly down the village road. The figure recognizes it, so it reaches through the window and drops Sophie from her bed, pouring into her big pocket before running at night. Sophie recently discovered that he was taken by a giant from the Giant country, and was afraid that he would eat. But for his pardon he turns into a good and wise member of his kind who identifies himself as BFG (the voice of David Jason). BFG refuses to eat people, instead of avoiding the disgusting vegetables known as snozzcumbers. However, the Giant Country has many other people who are celebrating - every night, as is done - for people who are ignorant. Sophie and BFG have good friends, and soon come with a plan to convince those other heroes. They all go to the Queen of England (the voice of Angela Thorne) and their amazing story and ask her to send the army and the power of the air to fight with the people who eat. The queen agrees and so begins a dangerous operation to catch the bad trophies before hurting anyone. Jason tells the BFG well (one of the few partners in the film) but his good work is almost destroyed by the low-quality voice. The work of all sound work is planned unnoticed, and very little to bring characters into life. Similarly, BFG is the only character that is easily considered - Sophie is not appealing, and human beings are organized (and almost seem to differentiate from each other). Even places are non-block; The biggest country comes in a short time, being something more than the destruction of the ocean and regular rocks and canyons. For 88 minutes the film is not too long, however it attracts a lot because of the soporific handling of several mechanisms. Little Dahl's humor is provided in a satisfactory way. One chapter in the book covers BFG's love of "whizzpopping" (farting) and laughs hilarious sounds. In the film, the same part has been completely destroyed by poor care. I came to BFG to expect lots of lots, joy and happiness, but what I found was very different! This is a misfire that has failed to match the book book in any department - unfortunately, therefore, it should be down as one of the fly.
