I bought this film for 5 dollars on a CD shop, and I am bragging. I will start to say I am a big fan of flicks of fear of cheesy. They provide a cost-effective entertainment. This movie was saved for the first half of the hour, because it was bad it would be interested in the style of MST3K quite easily. Then it became boring. It is the worst part of the film. When a good act should not be expected, this was very bad and, honestly, provided all the entertainment that they had to have. This is the most side of the film. Where the movie refuses in entertainment is writing, lights, and editing. <br /> <br /> This movie offers many ways "What's% $ @ # continues?" time. There are many times, as well as the mother is suitable for dinner, and then have the result entirely in the movie. With dinner lines, the responsible person decided that it was fun to watch people eat food refined for five minutes without a conversation every time the food was used. During food and sometimes inappropriate, the area reduces the dark outside. Then reduced again. And talking about the darkness outside, one part of the funniest of the movie is the weather, where it seems not the night except the rain. And talking about the dark, the biggest problem with the movie is that it is very well lit you can see what is going on half-time, which is more confused than anything. In one of the scary scenes, you can't even tell what you should see it so awesome. <br /> <br /> And when it comes to climactic shape, Unhinged has one of the worst. I've seen people say "Wow, that's strange, and that's good." I can say that the great reveal what I did, because I didn't see coming. The reason I saw did not come because it didn't make sense. I will not destroy you, but I will tell you that my friend and I have done twenty minutes to correct the various parts of the film so that we can find anything that will prove that, and all that we have seen was so much to say that it was impossible. All of them, this movie is better when you look at the interesting songs. I love awesome movies, but this was too big.
