I was bought Unhinged because I got suckered with gory pictures on cover. If you want to see all the beautiful parts of the movie just look behind the box. You kill all you are shown and I can honestly tell you that they look better in the illustrations they still do on the film. After saying this, let's look at the plot. A group of university girls travel on a rock concert (through deep, dark trees in one of the longest driving directions whenever they are sent to celluloid) slide off the road. There is no visible damage done by the car but it seems to be enough to put one of the characters in the drama mode for all the film (or maybe he studied the script and was already in coma before opening the script). <Br /> <br /> The remaining two girls get up in a big, special house. The house, by the way, is wonderful and can be more effective for its presence than all the characters in the film. For some reason, however, this house has no road to take. The only way you can find the main road is by driving five miles through the forest. Girls use the rest of the rest without concentrating to talk to the good conversation between the old bitch of the rich (who looks like George Washington in the drag) and also the respectable woman, the girl who is sexually abused. Girls have never come back from the festival yet because they were wearing more clothes than Gilligan Island for a three-hour trip. When we, the audience, we arrive to kill the scenes, we no longer care. We want someone to kill us just to end our suffering. Unhinged ultimately faces a terrible end that you deserve to be in the best film. It's almost like the end, one idea in the film, was written first and then the authors tried to make a leading film on it. Unhinged is ultimately a provocative film, inept lead, and conspiracy and holes more than a leper in porno film (sorry .. I don't know who came out). You will find the idea that this film is bad at the opening of credit while, for some reason that has never been explained, the screen goes black for two minutes when characters talk about anything worth remembering. Don't waste your time. You'll just unhinged and want your time and money again.
