The Maniac Invisible begins as a boy Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) is taken by her fierce mother (Marilyn Adams) looking at the girl's trace (Tracy Walker) through her telescope ... Cut up to 'Twenty Years' and Kevin Dornwinkle (Noel Peters) now is a professor of physics who says that he found a way to restore the invisible things by using 'serlecular reconstruction' serum. However during the protest in front of his fellow scientists fails and they all laugh at him, Dornwinkle may be mad to kill a few of them and tied into a mental institution in which he runs. Jump forwards 'two weeks later' and a group of summer university students talk about the death of their physician's teacher when the head of Mrs. Cello (Stephanie Blake as Stella Blalack) says she has hired a space, Dornwinkle. The student did not pick him up as a dirt, however Dornwinkle has completed his invisible serum and uses it to satisfy his sexual desire and desire to take revenge ... <br /> <br /> Written & directed by Adam Rifkin for tricking down of the name of fraud Rif Coogan (I do not want my name to be associated with this film turd) either The Invisible Maniac is actually under the barrel stuff. Script and Rifkin, sorry Coogan & Tony Markes are bad. It tries to be a boy / comedy / horror hybrid sex that fails in each department. At the beginning sex is not more than a few players of scenes and a few shots of boob, not more than I'm afraid of aircraft in Invisible Maniac is not even looking well. The comedy is lame and every urine lost and the proverbial miles, this is a kind of film that thinks a man is fighting an invisible person or being Henry (Jason Logan) a dumb man trying to make a call is funny. Invisible Maniac makes Police Academy (1984 - 1994) a series of films look like a modern priority! As for the aspect of fear which is also blind. It is also very slow (it takes more than half an hour before Dornwinkles even becomes invisible), unavailable, unpredictable, boring & has a terrible and irreplaceable behavior of young people. <br /> <br /> Director Rifkin or Coogan or whatever nothing to try & make Invisible Maniac experience is even less enjoyable. No events, tension or atmosphere and generally the film is a real job of staying. We do nothing for an invisible angle, just a few doors that open itself are as fun as it gets. There is little or little violence, a bit of blood spill, a few strangulations & just a little good in all the film when someone has their head beaten with a shot, unfortunately he was invisible at the time & we just got to see then the torso headless later. The budget should be low, and I mean quite because this is one of the very cheap movies to watch the film. Dornwinkles laboratories are basically two cylinders in his bed cabinet! When he emerges from a mental institution he has all the dogs sent after him & the whole school has twelve students and two teachers. Invisible Maniac is a non-performing film in 85 minutes, I realized a little boom at least one event ... Let's just say it is a minimum and stop it. <br /> <br /> Invisible Maniac is a crap, open & simple. I have not seen the features of redemption in it, there are more excellent films out there you can look so there is no reason to waste your time on this trash. Certainly one to avoid.
