Critics of the world, I apologize. It is your job to advise the public looking for the film so that they can choose the option to spend money. But I ignore your advice and I have been very sad. However, my decision to see "Cat in Hat" was not done correctly. You see, three years ago all the critics said that we should avoid the "disaster" known as "How Grinch Saved Christmas". Then some of my friends sent me so that I could see it and it became a colorful, interesting and almost colorful color. So when the critics gave their fury against the "Cat in Hat", another big budget Seuss update with a big star name in the role of the head, I thought that it should be a song of the old song. I was wrong. Every five minutes I thought I was clear. Opening loans are clever, children are charming and productive values ​​are the highest shape. Then the cat showed. There are many problems from this point to, but one big was miscasting bad of Mike Myers. Where "Grinch" was saved and thrown by Jim Carrey, "Cat" was destroyed by Myers. He can be very funny when his power is used, comic pictures. Every movie he made which was really funny was only a feature of the comedy artwork, from "Wayne Wayne" and "Austin Authority". So he tries to do the same thing here, that only these comedy drawings are like things that catch him at the end of the SNL, not funny, it's just painful. Not that the authors helped him out. After a delightful movie the movie turns into an hour of romantic romantic noise, losing in time and experimenting with a hip humor. This movie was a great experience of movies I have ever had. Period. Many talents and tasks have come into something very wrong. I know that the adult stars of this film will not be disturbed by this mess, I just hope that Spencer Breslin and Dakota Fanning will have the opportunity to show their gifts in the best movies. If you are a parent, please try this as a blow. For movies like "Elf" and "Brother Bear" now in the movie, you have the best choice.
