Hellborn begins as a young psychiatrist named James Bishop (Matt Stasi) takes his residence in St. Petersburg. Andrews fake reserves, or 'psychiatric center' if they want to call it there. With around 600 patients the bishop meets his master Dr McCort (Bruce Payne) and is employed, gets a 'A' ward where other injured and dangerous patients are being held. If it was not bad enough during his first visit to the visit the bishop finds the dead body and threatens the graffiti sounding sounds on his room. The bishop begins to hear stories from patients about the migration of sin-in-reserve and soon emerges these stories more of a sense of truth about them ... <br /> <br /> Known as the Error Eradication in the United States this unfamiliar film The fear led by Philip J. Jones & I a kind of love but at the end there were many exciting things to make me very happy. Script by Matt McCombs takes pretty to detail & I liked the basic idea of ​​some of its ideas but there are a few things that work against it. To start the film is very slow, the story is very good and does not give away too early but it takes the full age of having to go & I was quickly losing interest for every minute passed. I also thought the so-called abolition was also predictable and finished itself also bland also & forget. It is embarrassing because I liked the story, character, environment and other ideas but it is very slow and it is really quick to put one more acceptable over 90 minutes. It is one of those films that I would like to suggest but honestly I can. <br /> <br /> The director Jones is doing a good job, this is really very good with the atmosphere of the sky completely. I can't say there is anything afraid here. I don't know if Hellborn was shot in a real insane reservoir but if they didn't do a good job on the sets & films it looks very good in general. Unfortunately there is a real lack of a year or step, there are two hand injuries and a broken language & that is, absolutely nothing in the blood issue or a year that descends like greed. Depending on who you believe and what proofs you read the specific effects are either worse or more good, with a volunteer player of a small budget I was attracted to the particular effects of the seemingly intriguing demon and the person in the effect of the type of suit rather than the image The worst computers of CGI though it is an amazing suit. All depends on your expectations. In fact the film is good, it looks very good and the lack of the CGI computer effects is something I welcome. Acting is not good though, certainly would be better. Hellborn is a film that has misled me, \ t there were good things about him but at the same time some of the horrible things that unfortunately become more beautiful. I am the kind of your preferred likes but if you look at 90 minutes I would see it impossible to recommend to anyone.
