In theory, the film should be a form of entertainment. Although this does not include documentation and other types of films; Many movies, films of special type, should not only tell stories or messages, they should welcome their audience in some way. All this just say that in my opinion a bad movie is not a movie with low production standards or under budget, a bad movie is one that is boring. "Hellborn" or "Damned Error" as it is known in the United States, is just a bad movie because it is not just about, and is not very available and tired. Although it has a very good cluster, it is very well developed and inappropriate and unsuitable. With the other hand the film would probably be a good or ordinary B movie, but here is just a bad attempt in making text. Director Philip J. Jones says the story of James Bishop (Matt Stasi), mental intelligence, who got his dream job at St Andrew Mental Hospital; but the old reserve seems to hide the secrets. After the mysterious death of other patients and regular rumors of the devil's practices, James decides to know what's going on; just find the difficulty of his boss, Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne), who believes that Bishop is going as consciously as his patients. <br /> <br /> When the solid is very interesting, the implementation of a lot of filing leaves. In an attempt to create a fantastic psychological exhibition, Jones goes in a simple way and makes the movie full of every kind of session. Of course, there are many movies that are also filled with clichés; but in each "Hellborn" each is lost and turned into cheap flying to keep things moving, resulting in boring stories and predictable. Acting is a very mediocre for a great part, and one big discrimination: Bruce Payne gives a high performance that makes the film unfit for such a good acting. Matt Stasi is very weak as a leadership character and all others are being made to do the forgetting. Despite all these mistakes, one thing should be written about "Hellborn"; it looks very good to the budget and it is similar to modern budget days of Hollywod "fear". Also, preparation and infection are done very well and the main opponent's designs are very good. Sadly, the effect of Special Effects is bad and short, and makes a big difference with preparation and preparation of skin. Hellborn is a movie with few good things and its great mistakes and bad consequences. Horror Hardcore or fans of movie b may be interested in its premise but it is an exciting and tough experience. 3/10
