But I doubt many were running to see this film. Or "Some Coming Out of Cinema". Okay, that's very hard. The movie begins in an unprecedented way: Frankie-boy returns to his town after many years (this is already a clichés smell) and the whole city is bothered by arrival: he says, everyone wants to talk to him, and every woman who meets the flirts with her if there is no tomorrow - even her sketch that she would enjoy her date talking with Frankie-boy long time! Even her best nephew loves her piece! It describes as one of the events of "Mike Hammer" which all women want Stacey Keach. And, like Stacey Keach, Frankie-boy is nothing but a beautiful dream of a dreamer dream. In real life, someone like Sinatra (without merit) can not get into a 100 m person as beautiful as MacLaine. But in this movie of Hollywood is another way around: MacLaine is quite nuts about Frankie-boy, but HRA could not take care of a little! Sinatra has a "cool" shtick very often in its movies, and is rarely reliable. Dean Martin is a kind of miscast; he is not miscast as a player-card, but rather a legitimate reason that is not his suit. MacLaine is a charming ever, but she has caricature - and this confidence on caricatures is one of the basic problems with the film. The main characters are any kind of discrimination from the bad or the appearance-all-before movies and cheap novels; Frankie is a "cool cat" who returns to the city to find all the women, and he could not take care of her writing (which, before predicting, ultimately finishing recognition); Martin is a very smart but friendly player; MacLaine is dumb, but a very good song; The love of the Frankie blonde interest is a literary literary; Frankie's brother is a successful boy who is married in his wife's business and has a marriage marriage; And so on. Clichés. This story contains a few tiny ones that are not available for my convenience: Frankie just happens to throw her nest into the area; His grandson happens to be a meter away from his father when the second daughter kisses his secretary for the first time; and then there is an end, ignorant ended. Within it, a drunken boy has gone to kill Frankie-boy in some way he can look for him at every meeting! The place is full, with the noise and the usual confusion - with what is happening in the evening - and still one gets Frankie (despite drinking as a shop) and throws it. But I think who is killing? MacLaine. He jumps in front of the shot to save Frankie: a few that the comic book writers can move. This exciting, high, and angry end can not please any one, even the intelligent, the viewer. And this happens on the same day that MacLaine and Sinatra were married! The author of this anger seems to have read the dime of all his life - how will the writing of this movie be explained? There is even a card game that brawl shares with Frankie & Martin against photographs of pictures that have been thrown out of the clear view of the author. (It was like a West West west.) Another thing is the way of Sinatra was crazy on a snotty-nosed boring bimbo and pretty much ignored MacLaine. As the movie progresses we find that Sinatra finds MacLaine to be very foolish for it, as well as the blond song receives Sinatra to be the lowest class for it. There is a certain snobbism and refuse to appear in the script about MacLaine. MacLaine is recognized as useless for everyone, while the blond song is considered as a princess and mentally; The amazing fact is that the last character comes as far as not dumb and not as intelligent; His character, his opinion, and his views are clichéd, silly, confused, pretentious, and primitive. The behavior of MacLaine KNOWS that she (MacLaine) is dumb. There is another thing that I have never seen: Sinatra had trouble getting to the end of her recent story - such as the author of this film, and that's why she came to the end of corny, crappy. <br /> The film basically has a solid cast, and photography is beautiful, but the script, though sometimes similar, depends very much on the ignorance and gentleness rather than the characters and real events. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my "biographies" of Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood scholars, contact me by email.
