The scripture prologue warns that we should not allow evil to enter our home, but I think the most appropriate word is "entropy." Good pain, what these babies are fighting! George (Seymour Cassell) is the only San Francisco office and his most expensive home in Tiburon when his wife and son are away in San Diego. Two girls (Sondra Locke as Jackson and Colleen Camp as Donna) are asking her door, asking for directions. In fact, there is rain, and trembling like two bitter kittens, and they do not know the address they are looking for, and, why and something else, George invites them to come and donate pizza to fire. All three climb into George's tub and follow five minutes of ineffective weakness in two exposure, three exposure, four exposure, and dodekople exposure. They spend the night in the morning and the morning girls make him breakfast. But something has got a little bit because Georgie's visitors beat everything down with your fingers and pour ketchup and syrup all over the linen and - "You eat like ANIMALS!", George says and tells them to get out. In his dream. <br /> <br /> Now, don't do me wrong. Skera Locke is a wonderful combination of young and blue eyes and Guns of Colleen blowing around as a superball. You say, they produce strong children down there in Shelbyville, Tennessee, where Locke comes out, and they produce 'em and attack too, because we can't help but remember after five or ten minutes. /> <br /> But when the girls are going to berserk, that's what the film is. The film is after bathing in green green light. These partners have made ghoulish milk and made gargoyle hair facing themselves in mirrors. They think the boy is giving birth and then watering him to make sure. They blow up the storms and blow the windows and furniture. They have one of the events that two people sit on a table from each other, eating food and jumping each other's bones. What is the Georgie? They first give Georgie unconscious and mace (which has nothing that you cannot find a little red cup of Tabasco McIlheny sauce in the kitchen cabinet), hold it, pour flour and milk on it, with a psychological test, taking it through one The killing of half of Tolstoy, beating around, wear foreign clothes, then give him out to his house in the middle, and sent to van van machina. In terms of acting, it is like someone told Georgie, "Take the first time to respect these girls, then judge after the ban." And for girls: "The first thing to be ashamed, he doesn't want to force anyone, then get mad." And that's it. <br /> <br /> Function and location work is directly out of the porn movie of the 1970s. I do not know that it shows a lack of general knowledge. It takes effort and talent to turn San Francisco bad. Color gives us two Leitmotivs. Georgie is some of the sounds of "free" and "login." Jackson and Donna are an interesting thing called "My Good Old Father." I accept the moral lesson behind the story, though. There are some things that you should just stop, though it may look like many fun first. All very knowledge.
