** SPOILERS ** I lost "Tesis" (or "Thesis" in English) with the power of director Alejandro Amenabar's future efforts "Others". According to what was tested for the beauty and the good that the film was, I thought his initial efforts would be of the same quality and I had a sense of good fear. Instead I was injured by the most brutal, contemporary abuse of the whitish movie I saw since the German film "Anatomie" (which one kinda reminds me). The program has potential but is thrown in the first 20 minutes. Refers to almost a student of Angela (Ana Torrent - Jessica Harper killers) on the subject of violence in the film. Through many situations that are not available to enter here, he sends to the 'fear' tape which two men torture, seize and kill a little girl with a camera. Angela, and her fierce friend Chema (Fele Martinez) are all scared but they still love the tape and decide to reach the bottom of who is responsible. <br /> <br /> This leads ... well, nothing. They do not give reasons why they like to find girl killers (since they refuse to contact the police at any time of the events occurring, even when their own lives are dangerous) and the secret itself is like Graham Norton in The room filled with the girls of the bunny. There is only one signature 'clue' (type of cameras that are used to be detected) and that's really weak and b) has been hit for the first 20 minutes. Some of the so-called 'infringements' occur through the blindness of the blind, the most inexcusable and SLEW acts of red, transparent and trivial, which are only sprayed on time. Seriously - Amenabar can know his things about spiritual stories but he has never read a book of detention in his life. The most important thing for good whodunnit is to have a great cluster of suspects and to eliminate them directly and open to the clever and innovative processes of more and more evidence, before moving to the last move. In "Tesis", * The identity of the perpetrators is * the identity of the killer is thought to be accurately considered by the nearest spies and then we get 100 minutes of the journalist trying to throw us to the smell until he gets lost, he claps his hands and says "OK, he got me , he was after all "! For any kind of logic or cause of crime - no such luck. You are looking for an inappropriate film if you follow it. The only thing that takes the "Tesis" down from just being dumb, very bad thriller is a way that tries to make some concern, of 'muddled-up' about violence in the film. I don't know what position you are trying to take on the subject but it seems to decide to hit tons in tons of evil, psychological mix, among other gibberish, and say "I am politically motivated!". The last events, which "sure" of the cinema is reported to be at home, is very strange and angry, someone can not help but wondering whether Amenabar feels embarrassed now when he looks at this. If it does not, certainly should. This is a general 'night of the night in the house of slasher'. I don't always believe that I have lost two hours (it looks like at least six) on this, with hope that can happen. The story of the cities of "snake films" (and so are they are, in spite of how this film tries to suggest that it is some kind of crime that destroys the world!) It is a place that can be widely used for good film films ("Videodrome". anybody?) but it's easy to cross over the line to be like a child 'without being cool like!' The district (ie: "My Eye Blink") ... "Tesis" faces all the lowest time for "movie". With each level, this is the best left dead and buried. I will only give 1 out of 10, for a good lighting, but that's all to get.
