Anonymous Vera-Ellen named is playing on a film that Sonja Henie had a skating skating film: blonde, girlish, always pleasing to look, but not a very good actress and usually had a weak material. When I look at the apara's Vera-Ellen's dance dance and Gene Kelly in 'Words and Music', I can't help her realize that her color (yellow and thin thin stripes) seem to be released from the South American flag. For some reason, Vera-Ellen of America widely played in two * genres (conducted several years away) to keep Edinburgh, an unknown city for its players' pipe: 'let's be happy' and 'blessed to go lovely'. Br /> <br /> In the end, Cesar Romero has an American striker who for some reason is staging music in Edinburgh. There is a clear attempt to link this festival to the Edinburgh Festival, which is not meant: the festival is not a show for the splashy foot. We also see several shots of the Royal Mile: apart from a few Highland accents, there is absolutely no attempt to convey the Scottish atmosphere in this film. The funniest gag occurs at the beginning, when we learn that the name of Romero's show is 'Frolics To You': this is a terrible punch which Britons will find and Yanks will not be. Vera- Ellen is, as usual, beautiful and attractive with an interesting player, but a few number of music in this movie is bad and bad. The bad identification between the magnets David Niven and journalist Gordon Jackson - does not know, although there are no more than several Hollywood music plots. Romero is more angry than usual here, perhaps because (at once) we should not convince us that he is sleeping in the heroine. <br /> <br /> One big mistake of this movie is the misuse of Bobby How. Sally Ann Howes's father was a great music star of West End; His series of "He is My Beloved" was a major strike in the UK in 1937. Here, he shows in several cases like Romero's dog but they have no chance to participate in music numbers, nor even a real comedy. It is quite a crime that this movie - with a title with a word 'Lovely', will surely inspire hit the most popular - it will hit a great star of British music but give it something to do! The actor Ambrosine Phillpotts (who worked and once) shines in a single restaurant chain, and there is a glance of the lost beauty K Kendall. As the secret of Vera-Ellen, a man named Diane Hart speaks in one of the sad words I have ever heard: it seems like an attempt to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns at the same time, but it doesn't match. Val's guest has a credit card, but this film has not reached the quality of its brilliant comedies. Paint pictures are inferior, although I realize that after the British war could not afford the function of Hollywood process. 'Happy Go Lovely' is the best time good-waster, and 'waster' to be a word operation. I will only count this movie out of 10.
