You should understand, when Wargames was released in 1983, created a generation of computer fraudsters. The idea that a young man can do anything of the greatest proportions, then alone to prevent world war was novel and exciting. The real beginnings began to appear in people's homes, and for the first time, the community was involved in a way that made the focus of the movie fun. In fact, a comparative computer is a free time between the chess and the nuclear war was very little, but the high definition of nuclear spread and winter warfare. I have even felt to hear about users who this movie was based. Before 25 years, we have a bad mutant of something that I am calling to call a "guide", called Wargames: The Death Code. I'll just sing. First of all, the government plans for the government were run on a gambling site where people who win the games automatically become terrorists. You are probably very confused right now. The idea is that eventually the terrorist will open a small game within the site called "The Death of the Dead" where they run the plane on the city, they run with bioweapons. At some point in the game, you should choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax", and choose "sarin", then you are automatically confirmed as a bioterrorism expert and your family is being detained and interrogated. In the film, this happens. However, since the payment of the game was made from a bank account that was doubtful, it is obvious that all of it becomes meaningful. Secondly, the AI ​​avatar in this bomb directly to the DVD is an annoying flash animation that continues to repeat the sound of "pop-up-ad-esquire" "play with me child". Because it looks in the future, AI's top loses interest in ethical activities like chess, and gets on porn. Third, the motivation of these "activists" is the benefit of women, as opposed to pure curiosity like in the original movie. For some reason, recent hacker movies feel the need to show both adults as an average surfer of people who are like everyone else. That can work for your average sitcom, but c'mon, you can't learn how to take government computers by doing your hair, playing games, and shopping on shops, people. One novel word I saw is that at some point in the discussion there is a memory of Matt Damon's movie, and then there is a phrase, "Good Hunting, What!" I swear, they said the main name is only in words so they can send five best to Mr. Damon. This child is not bad, but certainly he was not like any lost hacker I ever met. I can't fully explain how angry I was that this movie shares the same name as the original, because it doesn't have anything like it except ?? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) makes access to this film, like an old lost man who seems to die with patience, and an old tac-toe machine hit by a loud voice. After a walk, Joshua (AI) has what it seems to be sex with a new AI and sound porn, a board game board board on the big screen, and the whole "The only way to win, not to play" revelation should be during the crown. Except that those of us who have previously seen, you know, those who would like to see this for the first time have been ready and doing it. The title made for the film produced by last month's fertilizer. The new movie was led by a man who made 90210, and it was written by boys who make movies B. Originally led by a boy who is busy with "Heroes", so you will see the difference of quality there. There was a real remake of remake, but I hope they do not destroy this classic again. I swear, if necessary, I will visit every gambling site until I find one run by a psychological computer. The grace of saving is that I was able to distribute this to Netflix, so at least the only energy I had looked at was to breathe, clicking, and indigestion.
