Certainly not bad, but it's not good. Crying, Dear Country (1995) was led by Darrell Roodt and written with screens by Ronald Harwood (Due to 1946 novel by Alan Paton). He likes stars James Earl Jones and Richard Harris. <br /> <br /> The movie is about pre-apartheid South Africa, and the story of the black man and the white man who intervenes. Faithless pastor Stephen Kumalo (James Earl Jones) receives a letter from Johannesburg saying that he must come immediately; later he finds that his son has killed a man. The rich farmer / landowner James Jarvis (Richard Harris) finds that his son, a black-colored warrior, was killed by the son of Kumalo. In this connects. I can't compare it to the 1951 film of the same name, because I haven't seen it. Or the 1974 music called Lost in Stars because also I have not seen; all look better than this. But the freedom of crying, on the other hand, I have seen; it has a more quick air, if it really tries to say something where film farming, the country of loved ones seems to not know where it goes. "Wishy-washy" very much. I refuse to compare the film with the novel (except that I enjoyed novel than I enjoyed the film) because novels and films are two different media and there is no point in direct transfer or compare them through the same way. In fact, this film hit. Well, I think it wasn't bad, - Out of ten, - but it's not good. Both of them lead, all the most competent characters are looking for some of the timber exhibitions I have seen and some of the best discussions in the film history (but that can be judged by the film writer, Ronald Harwood, who is also a game player and this film, after also write a Pianist discussion, and Being Julia. Among other things the stages and themes of novels disappear almost entirely in the film change for the third time; there's a little, if any, tension and anytime of the film, racially or suspensefully. Music did not help. The badly caused by the pastor's shepherd's help is very helpful and this decreases under the film. One side is the cinema, with many beautiful or good shots, but unfortunately, this does not help the film very much. The last words, amazing of Alan Paton's novels are shown at the end of the film. It is so bad that they seem to have been removed from the film only shown. I don't know what Nelson Mandela could see in this film. <br /> <br /> Thanks for your time.
