Man, someday, has to do architectural research as shown in horror movies; of all surveillance of the residences, search for hidden ways and crying, tracking for monsters through air channels, and so on. Offhand I can remember only the movies that the architecture had a great role around - "Seed of Done," "Cube," a "Three Hearts" - but it's in the middle of every story about a spiritual house or church or crying; it's all about the character and the vulnerability of space, passages, and walls. So I anticipated this exciting moment that it promised to be in the middle. The idea is this: the architect has built - in fact, was rebuilt - own a big house and gambling; his wife has left him, especially because of his self-esteem, but also, it is associated, because it cannot be used in the place since he made it. Living in the usual exclusion (this time, rather than virtual), comes to accuse that someone else - a stranger who came to the door one evening wishing to use the phone and then suddenly disappeared - lives in the house with him; The only place is great for even never seen him. This is a good start of the melodrama, whose development would expect to follow the following lines: After searching a home for a few times without success, architecture comes to its settings making more systemic searches, trying in a variety of amazing ways, resist, or evict the user, perhaps through special features that he built within the structure. At the same time the employee has found a place of hiding and the way back between places where the architect did not see or remember. Movie would turn into a game of cat-and-mouse, hunting, battles; and finally, trying to trap a trap, the architect himself would be bound in his own creation, somehow he didn't expect. Then he had to think of himself - and maybe at the same time out of his own isolation - and at the end of the end he could nail, and maybe even kill, ****. br /> <br /> Nothing like this happens on this film; The house is the only house, the architect is just a boy, and his nemesis is an unknown character, if it is entirely. Here's what happens in the film: Once you enter the house - if he is - the architect begins to hear the noise, but when he goes to investigate he found nothing. He calls the police, they think he's a little nuts; he persuades his ex-wife to spend the night, thinks he is more nuts. Finally, largely or under the accident, runs into the characters (not available, but the figure, who else could be? - not a hard question, in the story and, until then, under three main characters), where he locks the doors, reduces the grills in the windows, gives us the key (I don't know why he thought this is important), and leaves the victims hungry. Why did this have been given: the doors and walls are made of metal? In any case, the architect takes sleep in his car. And since the idea of ​​the movie has been broken and not developed further, something else should take into account. And this is: architect - you already? - it enters the house of someone who (perhaps) moved into it, and lived there like that. What? How is this possible? Not, but the movie takes this way to try and make it look like: the architect has taken a picture of someone who came to his door; and when he leaves home he takes a picture with him; and sitting in his car, gives us pictures on the road; and two children take and consider that it looks like Martin, their neighbor; where the architect asks where his house is and the children say the way. <br /> <br /> If this sequence appears to appear on implausible, what is going on comes in. The producer takes shelter with Martin's wife with wheels, unknown to him; so it's rough in its action and so subtle in his reading the hostess that he can always leave the room just as he enters or ducks out as he turns around. In this part the movie is clever in one way, do (or stop for the viewer to make) sure that his life with the visitor, who does not know he is there, is actually the same life he lived with his wife, as joining him as a simple buffer. But at the same time, its ability to live in the world makes its transformation into the cat-burglar raffles quite completely. It is not going to the end of the ultimate loss - including the other killings found by locking someone behind another unseen door - this is the front of the fastest fall that falls under the weight of the wheel; two good people who take the murder; and (before the story has not started) unidentified construction of the tunnel under several houses .... To reach the end, expect for a long time, the film adds another, so that it can do so even more, and then ... has ceased. <br> Here is a story based on the development of two things - the idea of ​​a guest at home, and the character of someone whose house is - and eliminates all. The first fumble makes it boring; The second made me angry, because it hit its most dominant character and more through more and more zigzaggy, and never gave any explanation to the behavior that most wanted one: Martin builder-builder and farmer. The story should be corrected by someone, some day.
