"Completely Computer" was a film for limited production, various when the film discussed issues that young people were gaining in the UK and how these were harassed, constantly hitting every note, the young problems can relate to young people tomorrow. It may be the name of "Moulin Rouge" of 80 years, but it is lost. It made its very brief mark on the earth, snuck under the radar, and now it can be found collecting dust in either the music part, comic part, or the dark political part of that video seedy video that does not need a cash sequence to survive. Alas, that's not where I got it? but I found, I watched it, trying hard to sing with it, looking at Bowie's eyes, but I found myself at last. What? Didn't live during the test? Does London's 1950s are too far from our current society? Is Bowie also interesting? I think "Absolute Computer" is located somewhere in each of these questions as a perfect example of the movie that starts with bang, but it withers and sparkle only at the end. <br /> <br /> "Absolute Computer" begins with a large number that takes us through the non-gritty roads of London involving the night's robbery, prostitutes on every corner, dance in, alcohol like rivers, and swankiest relationships around each individual. It seems like a place we would like to all be hate? right? Director Julien Temple keeps light and flashy in many songs as we try to learn something about the plethora of our main characters. One of us is Colin played by Eddie O'Connell who follows his dream of being a photographer while playing his favorite girl, Suzette (played by Patsy Kensit). These two have chemistry, and when Suzette looks like Lohan before rehab, they worked for me. There was a great spark between them, chemistry was like a lava, and I believed these two could take me to a road that I had never been traveling. I was ready? but then, something happened. The temple takes us out of the night of the night, takes us out of the city where we grew up and originally, and completely stops the work without first commitment. Suzette runs off, Colin becomes bad, and Bowie ?? well ?? I don't know exactly what his role is but he sings so well when climbing the mountain? I can tell you a lot. The temple gives us this flashy city, this opportunity to see those who live in it, but it leaves us to hang on and dry when you pull the trigger. We learn about Colin, in particular, but no one else. I was able to look at this film again and still be confused by who is angry with whom, and the importance of the style it had. Also, were they really young? all seemed like they were pushing at the end of their 20s, but maybe it's my TV. <br /> <br /> Character development cast one at the door, Temple tries to overcompensate to give us more, more elegant songs using more characters that we don't know anything. One of my favorite songs in the movie uses this idea as a great example. The temple uses a divided house to show us the life of Colin's parents (which I do not know is until after the film) and the song that is shouting. A great song, many characters, not enough time, suddenly breaks into another area of ​​lack of cooperation, and just falls into your hands. Then, if that's not enough, we are rocking our heads to beat some of the great songs, rub our noggin to try to understand where our spelling or is going, and the Temple throws him into hatred, anger, and politics in the final. When I was hoping that this film would have a volunteer head, I didn't think racism would be on the bill. Suddenly, the friends are missing, people are angry, and there is a young random boy who strives to fight Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of different colors? Let someone help me out here. It seemed quite run and exceeded? next to the point of wanting to turn the film. For me, the end of "Old Genesis" was not close to the excitement from the opening number. The first part set the speed, and the Temple could not continue. Overall, I must say the Temple can lead a music video, but I don't think it was ready for a feature film. I don't think this film will ever be in full "worship", and maybe it will remain or in dollar dollars for years to come. It's an enjoyable preview, but when we get that last place, it just breaks in. I wanted to cut the cutting edge, but instead of what I found was Bowak with the characters I didn't care about. I was able to see how this film could be linked to young people in the 80s, but only last I felt it was forced. I think everyone in this production would have to take time and listen to "Motivation" and Ever-freaky Bowie in this film, it may have helped strengthen this feature in the best condition of worship. I am glad that I watched this film once, but that's all that my little brain can take. I liked the way the Temple took me from the beginning, but it could not control its characters (many ways), and the songs did not match the end of the film. It came out of anywhere, and was not recognized. If this was a film about racism, it had to be from the beginning. "Adventists" was a welcoming adventure, but I don't think I will have the soil of this film later. <br /> <br /> Bridge: ** out of *****
