If you have read the original novel, like me, you might hate this thing! It is a conglomerate nightmarish in the 1980s anonymous attempts to create a “piece piece” set at the end of the 1950s and fail to form again or even worship for that period - the US administration of _Dirty Dancing_ resembles 1963, unless the film has been financially successful despite with the same text to write the screen. In addition to the "watch also the 1980s" suffering, the characters have been changed, reorganized, and reduced the extent to which the unique features that resemble the novels are looked quite slightly and, of course, their names: Suze is replaced from flighty old partner narrator and negrophile lovers who voluntarily plan to marry the closeted old queen money (for its admittance in the early pages) in the evil and inexperienced "These" -archetype Friendships and popularity, used and somehow incorporated into sham marriage with her boss , whose surprises were not given Van Dyke and the point hairstyle. He and narrator, again with the name "Colin" (after the author of the book, Colin MacInnes) for the film, also in connection. Big Jill's behavior, lesbians seem butch still "mardadi as" in mid-20s who act as a whip for young lesbians with a bubble-dominated, and one of the close-up friends, giving wisdom frank narrator, it is reduced to a kind of "called extra" and only a few throw-away lines, and tons of joke dress. Fabulous hoplite, gay boyfriend and another close friend of narrator in the novel, also reduced to the point of being useless in the film, plum-up and all but ignored. <br /> <br /> The storyteller in the novel is a kind of character and a little sad but in the film, he played to come off as hopeful and oddly spirited despite the dirty neighborhood, and the lack of his marriage to the author of the author's appearance, for the purpose all, not recognized. <br /> <br /> By his grace, the music (why it is) is well included, and you should provide the production and writing of credit crews to actually take a line from the book ("... several days, they write music on the 1950s ") as their inspiration to write music, but in the world of music without camp, this is among the most deadly in the group. Unlike _Shock Treatment_ or _Starstruck_party key elements are treated as after. Unlike the _The Apple_, there is a choppy flow and a variation between the number of music and the talk discussed. Surely you can't blame it "also in the 1980s" feel about the fact that it was created in the 1980s. The _Annie_ film released in 1981, offers an incredible taxation for the look and feel in New York City in the 1930s, and _Napolean Dynamite_ regulates the look and feel of the 1980s despite the low budget in 2003 (although it is not clear in the 1980s, those who lived in the decade cannot deny that film) "feels the 1980s"). Obviously, it was _possible_ to do something good from this, especially in view of the iconic conditions that novel of the source is located in the UK, but it fails more to appear and feel, and also in its treatment of material, which is when you are worried. Maybe if you have not read and are not interested in reading novels, you can enjoy this 1980s of the anronism giving parody embarrassment in the late 1950s Soho London modern jazz set. I can see what the writing team tried, but certainly it would do well. And Boy George as the name of the household and the musicians and the band of charts in 1986 UK, they obviously didn't_not_ they need to ring the characters in ways that they had done. In fact, I would like to go to say that the authors struggled to do what the book and films criticized so hard - it ended up having a group of adults playing out and getting his two-year-old audience as two Idiots viewers make a quick buck from.
