Robert Colomb has two jobs at all. He is known worldwide as a television reporter. The less well known but also relevant is his work as a full-time runner. I saw 'Vivre pour Vivre' called English with the title 'Live for Life.' Some lives! Robert seems to have women at least three times in his life: a woman coming out, one going in, and a hated wife at home. It helps that Robert is a glib. Among his key lies is' I will call you tomorrow 'and' My work took longer than planned. 'He spends a lot of time and money on airplanes, trains and hotel rooms for his aid series. You are wondering if this person will be taken by his pants down. Some can get his exciting life, but I thought it was awesome. His partners, including his wife, Catherine, are both attractive and desirable women. But her life is very strange and she is very deceptive, wondering if she enjoys all this. <br /> <br /> Add to stimulate are many images that do not continue the plot. There are extended areas that do not have any negotiations or negotiations only in French. We see war documents, torture, and training of military forces and live action. When Robert's flight returns from Africa, we wait and wait for the plane towards land and taxi at the airport terminal. Annie Girardot is an actor standing in this film. Hers was a very interesting and characterized character. It was also good to see Candice Bergen at the beginning of his career. I can't find fault with the performance of Yves Montand of what was quiet. I enjoyed the style of Claude Lelouch's novels. In the hotel room room, camera cameras around the room like Robert and his grandmother say. We see them briefly during each passing closer to the room. In another place placed on the train car, Robert is lying on the bunk while his wife is down. Robert gives his wife some important but bitter news, but we only hear its features because of the train camp. I saw that his wife also cannot keep every word from the horrible nature of information. I also loved the exciting celebrations in Africa. The images of those pictures and those of Amsterdam were good. <br /> <br /> I reviewed this movie as part of the project at the Library of Congress. I have been called FIFTY of the project: 50 known films have forgotten within 50 years. since its original release. In my opinion, it is worthy to be available again. <br /> <br />
