The film ends with a speech that the author tells us the fate of two leading guides and that the names of people and places have been changed ... before they tell us that relationships with real people and events are just the same. This end-time line calculates everything that has gone before it; as the Rino Di Silvestro film of messy is not quite a vision, and if there is any uncertainty for the plot; not set there for purpose. The Swiss woman is often seen as a pleasure of a crime or a very bad film, but I disagree completely. Normally, I enjoy this film; But Women's Wayawolf is a bad film, and despite all sex and fornication on display; it does not even make an enjoyable hour, and that should not be forgiven. The film really does not have many conspiracy, but the thin slide we are given involves a young woman, who also happens to the dream that she is waswolf. He is dreaming of going out and getting men, having sex with them and finally killing them. To return to the real world, she loves to love, but her boyfriend is killed and she goes out to take revenge! of speaking who various characters beat events on recent events. These events may be in front of the plot and create characters; but they do not really do that, and only succeed in converting what can be embedded in a very popular film. It seems that the director was more interested in fashion and sky than plot, and this is reflected by the fact that the film looks and looks beautiful. Sexual ceremonies are often increasing and not too much, but the year is doing well. The cluster is to decorate a very sexy part of the exploitation, since there is a lot of naked women, and the fact that the main character has the origin of waswolf means there may be a lot of deviation; but this has not been used, and when I get a great abdominal act and bad impediments, I can't stand watching the film and bored. In general, I can not even recommend this film to the great fans of exploitation. There are many more beautiful things out there, and when the head can be very interesting - the film is not.
