La Lupa Mannara "Waswolf Woman" of 1976 is a highly trusted film, but, sadly, the film itself is very far from being a must-see for my Italian Horror buffs. You can't hear me saying that the Rino Di Silvestri film is very bad - it has a delicate time, and the first half is really very fun looking (though fun is unnecessary). Film is also available from the exclusive actress of the exhibition, Annik Borel. However, the film, which does not have a real plot (at least no linear) often does not mean anything, and it comes to wonder in the second half of superfluous. Daniella (Annik Borel) has a fantastic dream about playing around the naked night before turning into a woman of Werewolf. Since she was raped as a girl, Daniella fears people. Then, when her sister (religious leader Dagmar Lassander) comes to visit her husband, Daniella feels suddenly to her husband and eventually turned into a woman of Werewolf himself ... or something. Story story doesn't make little sense, which makes the film more fun to watch the first half. Daniella's leading behavior is a schizophrenic mixture of frigid hysteric and lusty nymphomaniac, which constantly turns into a woman's waswolf. Director Di Silvestri chose to form the holes of the conspiracy with a lot of deception, which makes me a good job. There are also some short time well done. Movies are not available even less or not, but it's very entertaining beginning. Also, there are no attempts to hide that this is a piece of sleaze, the camera often makes close-close to Miss Borel's private parts for a simple part. I can't complain. Then, for some reason, Di Silvestri chose to make the film again by completely changing the direction that was going. When Daniella is, for the first time, a commonwolf, who can not help but follow the wishes of her curse, this changes when she meets a boy (Howard Ross, who was in the "Il Boss" of Fernando Di Leo of 1973). Suddenly, she comes back to normal, and the next part of the film is not found in the first half. It gets pretty interesting boring over time; all things have been considered, perhaps it would be better for this 99-minute film to be just 70 minutes long. In the end, they even want to make us believe that the strange story (if one can call it) depends on real events. "Waswolf Woman" has features of redemption; My colleagues of Italo-Horror can test them. However, if you want to watch the movies of Horror / Exploitation of Italy from 70 years, there are hundreds of films you should see before seeing this.
