Silly, simplistic, and short, GUN CRAZY (VOLUME 1: SON from now) goes anywhere. This summary (just over 60 minutes) the story is not so much directed by western western spaghetti as it is a Sam Raimi's crash and the crocodile (the adherence to Western spaghetti) were brought into the context of modern. In QUICK & DEAD, the character of Sharon Stone seeks to take revenge on the dastardly sheriff (played by Gene Hackman) who, when he was urchin, put his father's fate (briefly coming with Gary Sinise) in his hands; he accidentally took her through the head. In GUN CRAZY, Saki (played by Ryoko Yonekura nimble) wants to take revenge against Pastor Tojo's dastardly (played by the little to appeal to Shingo Tsurumi), who, when he had urchin, put his father's destiny in his hands; he allowed his foot to avoid the clutch, and the dear father's father was drawn to the split by a half truck. The only great difference, despite the arrangement, is the fact that Tojo sadistically destroys Saki and ?? well, I won't destroy it for you if you decide to look at it. <br /> <br /> In short, Saki ?? imitating the color of 'Man who had the name' Clint Eastwood? occupies the city? basically, there is a automotive shop with a tavern as well as a US military base, so I think it's the same for the city? perverted by Tojo, the village village of a high price on its head for reasons that did not describe or explore. Acknowledging his true man as a bounty hunter, Saki takes the local fighters to the militants whose choreography becomes more similar to the works of Johnny To and John Woo. Of course, at the end of the film Saki has endured the amount of suffering for the hands of the bad people, but he gets up to the event? on his knees, with a refusal attempt to finish the surprise? and defeat all his enemies and rocket launcher. Do not ask where it gets the rocket launcher. Just look at yourself. Try to laugh. <br /> <br /> The image quality is the average release of DVD. There is a quality of sand for several sequences, but, for all, this is not a bad transfer. The quality of the voice stops a bit of thought sometimes, but, again, it is not a bad transfer. <br /> <br /> Instead, it's a bad film.
