This film is not very good in its position or in its implementation but these are only two things that come to mind after looking at the so-called comedy which has no power to say. The story is about nit-picky on the risk manager of Reuben Feffer (Ben Stiller) who finds his new wife Lisa (Debra Messing) to cheat her with a scuba teacher (Hank Azaria) after just one day on their honey day. When returning home Reuben and his best friend Sandy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) went to the party and fled in Polly Prince (Jennifer Aniston) who went to school and several years earlier. ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Polly is forgetting and angry and lives irrespective of who is the opposite of who Reuben is like someone but begins so far with Reuben begins to change if someone starts trying new items such as playing with salsa and eating spicy foods. But one day Lisa comes back and wants to stay with Reuben but they don't want but Polly decides to leave if she doesn't believe in marriage. <br /> <br /> This film is the second leading quest by John Hamburg who wrote a double screen unfunny in "Zoolander" and "Meet with Parents" but the two films seem like classics compared to this drivel drive. It's very easy to say something is not funny but I think this film is much easier to figure out why. This film is completely and predicts from the beginning to the end and every area it looks like is only happening because of the ignorance of the script. Hamburg who also wrote a script seems to have written this without any thought of trying something different and sometimes seems to be trying to produce the same energy as "There's Something About Mary" but instead of incredibly forced events. Does anyone really think the blind ferret was so interesting? If you do, it's easy for you! Very often when the film characters are undoubtedly to have these emotional speeches that have to shorten everything but all they find is on the open. He still does a lot of work but maybe he has to work down and just wait for the best scriptures to come because this film doesn't work as a comedy or as a romance.
