"Boom" has found itself the attribute. With heavy Taylor, Burton, Noel Coward, Tennessee Williams and Joseph Losey, someone can be tempted to think, how bad is it? Well, it's worse than you can think. The truth and sadness of "Boom" is that it seems to imply a drop and fall of heavyweights said above. It was only Joseph Losey's director who had diminished with "Gentle Blaise" and "Boom" (others could add "Hidden ceremony"), managed to spread and in 1970 to create his beautiful, amazing work "Go-Between" <br / > <br /> Pain most of all is the work of Tennesee Williams. From the mid-thirty to the first seventy years, Williams wrote a number of issues that have found a classic, remaining on the repertory of the worldwide memorial, many of which are very popular films. When William's muse left him, perhaps because of the abuse of drugs, he drove well. Williams for its ability is a dreamer's actor to provide many unexpected exhibitions. (Were Ava Gardner or Deborah Kerr ever more than the "Night of the Iguana"?) Taylor in particular, appeared in the "Cat on the Hot Tin House" and "Last Update". There is an anecdote that allegedly Taylor asks John Gielgud if he could teach him to play Shakespeare, where he replied "if you teach me to play Tennessee Williams". He had Gielgud saw "Boom" he could have his tongue. Taylor has never been worse, turning into the blows. In spite of his facial image, he has decided to have a podgy. In addition to physical decline, from now on he could lose trust as a good actor and a string of roles (and bad) for his loan. Most of that could be said about Burton. To follow the short of short exhibitions, he won popularity and luck in Hollywood. But the body of his work from this point to (1968) would have been surprising to say at least. Noel Coward had ceased to be strong in a reminder where his comedy's drawings had been replaced by the likes of Williams and Britain "angry men". He seems to enjoy the camp, but he cannot independently amuses, that from someone who claimed that talent. The only member who puts his honor is the little Joanna Shimkus, who a few years would work on promising screen that Mrs. Sidney Poitier. <br /> <br /> "Boom" reeks of personal fun; is out of control. Pointer instead of sad for the staff gone wrong rather than the fest happy camp as others have suggested.
