It's a bad season for Sounds and all great releases and great hype around to prove that duds in the box office. London's dream is not different. Let's not enough ... It's all about tracking your dreams and how you will get to them. It seems fairly amazing? But unfortunately the film is not. Arjun (Ajay Devgan) is a favorite musician who wants to make one big day. His dream is to do in the field of Wembley in front of the happy 90,000 spectators call his name. He has joined two brothers, Zoheb & Wasim (Aditya Roy & Ranvijay) and Priya ravishing (Asin). Together they form the "Dreams London" fake of their dreams. After impressing the company's record director, they have a sense of night. Arjun is a secret to love with Priya which does not want to disclose until he achieves his goal. Arjun then brings his childhood friend Manjit Khosla to Mannu (Salman Khan), a skeptical boy who has no desire in life, joining their band. Mannu is a skilled musician and real talent for future Arjun to be jealous of the best skills of Mannu and his affairs and Priya. Arjun with the help of Zoheb has a plan to hurt Mannu. What happens to other types of movies. To reach technical issues, we only feel the shadow of Vipul Amritlal Sha who has been impressed by Namaste London. He felt like he only demonstrated screenplay. To cut a short time, the glory camera. Screenplay and Suresh Nair eliminates even though it has time. Explained in predictable style, the screenplay enabled you to be complicated. The camera function was amazing in getting the beauty of London. It's just a place of entertainment when watching the music. The small songs can be interesting while others are possible for the noise fare. Ajay is the one who stole the show with his bad behavior. Salman is monotonous and he irks you. Asin is forgetting and I'm not that he will make it big in sound. Aditya Roy is awesome when Ranvijay is quite accurate. Brinda as a bitch is what we have seen in the non-inventory movies. Ompuri continues with the case. I don't want to write on errors as it will be a spelling task. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to make it simple and straightforward, London's Dreams is a very popular movie that you can enjoy most on DVD.
