London's dream, led by Vipul Shah, is a film about the ignorant people. It is a kind of film that its main conflicts can be resolved once if the parties involved are just sitting and talking. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, a favorite pop-up artist in front of a happy group in the Wembley London field. He becomes jealous of his best friend and volunteer Manu, who played with Salman Khan, who is more obvious than he, but no place as close as it is or of pride. Arjun decides to kill Manu when the last popularity threatens his own. Now here is where the heart's heart has helped. He had Arjun clarified what Wembley's talent meant to him, Manu would have been wise and let Arjun fulfill his childhood dream, and we would like to avoid the pain of looking at all parts of this uninspiring cradle. But Vipul Shah's director and his authors have no feeling to make us any favor. London's Dreams are filled with many hilarious gems such as the legendary story of Arjun's grandfather who committed suicide for shyness to get a horrible action at the full Wembley Festival. Or the incident of ignorance in the show where Manu must take the vocal responsibilities after the expetti of practically stuck Arjun in silence. Idiocy, however, does not end there. In his attempt to prosecute Manu publicly, Arjun uses his relationship to find Manu using drugs. The group group asks Manu to remove several shots with him but takes his salt and cocaine. Before you know, Manu has found the appetite of addictive white powder, usually enhancing as dinner. If it is not enough foam, there is an unplanned area where Manu dismisses the girl who has received the order. The work lives in a dark area of ​​London where a girl kneels down to do something worthless to mislead Manu's girlfriend. Wait, there is more! He expects to mourn hysterically when Arjun blows off his belt with a whip himself angry to ban all the ideas of romance or lust for the leading dancer Priya (played by Asin) because there is nothing and no one should stop her music goals. Also faithfully led by Amadeus of Milos Forman for eligibility to compare with Rock Rock last year! Recently Vipul Shah is the clody clody which is directed freely as written. The film goes to a great sense of humor, a high-top feeling, and basically chooses a great voice on the trick. It works for Manu's character, while Salman Khan calls him all of the louting and proposed, but in Arjun's case, Ajay Devgan comes out with a passive for the performance that is being introduced. While Arjun reaches a boiling point, it creates the first state of the state that teaches the concert hall and is understood to be beaten with plastic bottles as a penalty. By casting the remaining, there is no word of love that I can say to Asin, who made the margin and its beautiful charm, but she is desperate here and doing unnecessary work for the responsibility of gratitude. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, have been reduced to only the players of the band, are regularly shown, often to move as much as, "We will be happy!" For its writing and improper direction, London dreams are finally looking. If necessary, look for Salman Khan who has turned buffoonery into modern style style. It's the only thing that will make you smile in this sad, sad film.
