When this film was first shown on television I was so optimistic that we would finally have a good film on World War as an experience of US soldiers. Unfortunately this is not the case. It should be a good movie about WWI. Even though it was developed by television it is obvious that the actual effort was made to use the appropriate equipment and equipment. But writing and guiding were not available, although the filmmakers went off freely from the very few who made the films. Many war wars such as the head of the arrogant who really does not care to erase the lives of her men. When will Hollywood know when, though there is a lot of bad generals, most of the militia army have seen their own fight and are not ignorant about what is common experience? The first part of this movie appeared to be "The Ways of Glory" and the US uniform. Unless "The Ways of Glory" were emotional. Later there was a charge of Chamberlain (except the plant) from "Gettysburg" and even catching the US soldiers to the ring of enemy soldiers from "The Red Line". But in the "Red Red" soldier was alone when captured. In this film film makes it close to a new prisoner in the middle of the war. If this film used a military consultant, they did not reject him. Even though executives (and I never could forget that they were actors during watching) the military techniques of mouthed have not seen so much. The American soldiers stood to be shot when the Germans fought. And the bad Troopers of the storm, which were obviously blind, seemed to use any tactics in their attack. In the real war, what is the way that the storm fighters were effective. But the silliest area was a German attack. In this area, the German flamethrower operators went on a sharp line towards defending Americans. If that was not true they would not be able to get enough to use their hills before they were hit by the guard's shot. Well, so many films are not available during the displayed methods. But it is still disappointing. But what was taking me to this flick was usually anti-military combat angle that the producers of movies seem to think it's important. True, the battle is hell. But many American soldiers, even if they shout and spread, tend to believe in what they are doing and may be gung-ho about it. My grandfather served in the First World War. And even though he died four years before I was born I was told how he was proud of his ministry.
