Movies showing children's stars put on the back leg from the beginning. Although there are some variations, most of the children do only and even those who can usually be angry after a few minutes. Children in Paperhouse have managed to capture the whole world more, for both are very sad and do not have the ability to work among them. In short; they are trash. This is not good to consider that they are a guide, and especially not good when you consider the fact that it is difficult to take this film seriously because of the garbage actors. It is a shame that this film is a similar loss if the plot is not (not quite). It follows a little girl who, after drawing a picture of a house in her notebook, wakes up in a fantasy world that has created. Soon it becomes clear to him that he can run this world through his drawings, and so he sets on making different changes, until his dream finally becomes a dream. O dear. <br /> <br /> As you can see, this plot line provides a good base for a fantasy movie of fear. However, it has been damaged through a number of wrongs. First and foremost, despite the premise that the premise is the best for the importation of the vote; The movie is very stale. The main features are not suitable to play and all the time, and the result is a very good experience. Lack of tension is another big fault in the movie, because it sees fit to hit every sequence up to the point that it cares more (which is due to lack of thought). Thanks to the part of the leading characters, the film feels like a children's movie around. This is expected as children of stars, but Bernard Rose should decide the slant that he wanted to keep on the story; as fear in the glowing movie better. The film is also very fun, and 'romance' between the two guides is very fast, and makes it very painful. In fact, if I had to have a whole word in one word, I would like to choose 'pot'. Paperhouse does not work well, planned for intake, very much and very dull. Put yourself in pain, look at something else.
