The Eternal Jew (Der Ewige Jude) does not have what we today could call a certificate of expert document: instead of mentioning experts or sources to support what it says, it just says, without criticism, what it wants us to believe (one will assure that journalists The United States of the same period was also less under the principles that would seem like a moral for modern audiences, often incorporating the drama and giving them a real picture of the story. Adding to this propaganda directed to the fact that the Hippler film manufacturer was "preaching to the converts," not to ask the European people to hate the Jews as to confirm the feelings that most of them had to have already done, to allow the sacrifice to carry out the following. The weakest link in the logic of the film showing in his "mice" model, where it is describing the character of the mouse, and then adds something to the effect of "Well, the Jewish people are just like that." It also informs the Jewish people of badness by showing the wicked Jewish people in contrast to good people; Tracking faith is that bad is bad. The film seems to defend itself a few times, for example by attacking Western photographers who were shown the Old Testament characters as red-colored Europeans; so the text agrees that the so-called "Hebrew" ethnicity is actually a feature of Christian culture. It also shows the Jews of the ghetto voluntarily living in the destruction of the roach, in spite of the imputed treasure, and then spread by saying that these unworthy people live in wealth and luxury as soon as they leave ghetto. Unfortunately, who did not want? The use of events from the famous American film, the Rothschild House, shows the deployment of the same logic. First the film has been rejected as it was done by the Jews; then it seems to be used by Hippler to prove the illusion of the Jews (the lies shown above of poverty and the ghetto Jews, shown as a way to avoid taxes, though the character of the Rothschild's "spin" is that the Jews are given in large quantities); The Rothschild film was once again sent to indicate that a known bank family bought a watch account. This apparent stability is that the American footage is exposed to beauty or badness can be open and frequent, but for the first time it takes care of rotation. For all the weakness of the Eternal Jews, I was first surprised that the rating of the IMDb viewers for this film is as high as it is, just the disgrace of "5" so far. I would like to say the reason is that the value of EJ's text has exceeded its original purpose, throwing it, no matter what, looking at the Jewish life of Europe if they weren't seen a few years. Of course, the very evil of the film also provides historical insight for evil, or just evil, the film as a propagandist tool. About this time I should expect Hippler director to come back again, moving forward to say "That's why I wanted to do every time!" The slaughter of animals is sad, and they reflect the same values ​​that have occurred, contrary to the purposes of the Kosher Act to prevent the suffering of animals. I like the person who has seen the film, and has some knowledge of these procedures, to comment on whether the image is correct.
