La Chute de la Maison Usher, or the Fall of Usher's House as it is known among the English audience, begins with Allan (Charles Lamy) leading Castle of his best friend Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debucourt) who sent a letter saying that his wife Madeleine is ill. Immediately, Allan finds Madeleine very sick and her husband Roderick decided to almost have tried to paint her picture. As Roderick shows Madeleine becomes weak and weak as almost as the picture drives her life, Allan tries to help her friend but a fatal strike soon ... <br /> <br /> This French production was written, produced and directed by Jean Epstein & it was the second of the two that took place the Fall of Usher House during 1928, honestly I do not know the previous novel was published in 1839, I mean you are waiting for 89 years to deal with the film and two come together at the same time! However, I feel that I have a little problem here if I have read the best views about La Chute de la Maison Usher & maybe not the right type of person to write his comments but I must say that it didn't do anything to me. I did not like it, certainly the first thing to say is that this is a silent film and so it depends on the picture but I still thought the story was weak, I thought the whole film was spontaneous and not even though it went for an hour and certainly did not anything to me. La Chute de Maison Usher was made almost 80 years ago and is a normal life, the world, movies & flavors have shifted since then & I have no fun in this film. I feel this film has been badly and probably not very good to start any way. I have never felt in any way, I have never been concerned about anything that was happening & I found it strange to stay, I have the poor if I have accused the fans of the film out there but that's what I felt. The Epstein director is doing a good job, many people photograph on pictures in La Chute de la Maison Usher & I will openly acknowledge that it has time but I thought they were few and far in the middle. People's mouths are going on and not hearing what they say only seemed strange to me, I did not like the music and the version I saw put the original French language entry that was reported by a man with a very loud voice of French voice which was also far off . According to the story and Edgar Allen Poe I have this doubt has very similar to it off with one or two basic elements, stick and fantastic Roger Corman House of Usher star Vincent Price. <br /> <br /> Technical film was OK to consider when it was made. You can't say about acting if nobody says though the film is full of unusual attempts to try and suggest feeling or reflect what happens that works in moderation but over time it just looks daft. La Usher La Chute de la Maison will attract those who aspire to old age, who live in caves or who have fled in the past, for me I would like my films to have stories, not to offer them and have voice & sorry if the last statement makes a sound like an unidentified idiot but that's what I feel. The world has moved since 1928 & for better.
