This is an amazing film. The beauty in sexual relations between men and women is shown to be destructive and a set of men and women who can only be described as a collection of abnormal and misfits. It agrees with Greeneway his inspiration to Fellini's film "8 1/2" but when Fellini is the world's largest cinema, Greenaway is not. He does not have difficulty with touch or his ability to express feelings and feelings for lack of transparency. He / she is cautious, the film is divided into chapters and the introduction of each text, as if the viewer should be guided to the film unless the written spelling remains only screen for a few seconds, not long enough to read with the audience The results that most of them are ignored. For women, only two can be described as viewers, Palmira, played by Polly Walker and Giaconda played by Natacha Amal. Others come naturally. Both women and men dedicate themselves from the bright light of truth into the fantasy shadows. Greeneway clearly shows that sex does not lead to happiness. The women themselves suffer from giving their services instead of money. The relationship between men and women is faced with commercial activities. There is no sense of happiness or happiness or love in the film, in fact there are several incidents that are not very helpful: <br /> <br /> Advice for a powerless relationship between father and child, Philip and The Emmental Storey played respectively by John Standing and Matthew Delamere. The most apathy of all men that Giaconda carries their child, in fact, gets pregnant twice, the first fetus was canceled and the second time, he is taken to the chosen destination by men from the flight book. All men are having sex with a woman who has no feet, (half woman in the head). Between Beryl, and Amanda Plummer, and a pig called Hortense. The father and child involve women among them. Women are happy to have sex. The father is asleep with the dead body of his wife. Mercifully, none of these incidents are shown by sex, it is only affected. Women's affected damage is that there is no surprise that the film was hit when you first asked Cannes. What is more amazing is that film actors in the film designed to protect, and show again that there is no limit to the ignorant women and that women will deceive themselves for being used by men. The Greeneway leadership style is engaging, is the style of fashion on the substance, the effectiveness of the film as Art along with the rejection of common sense. Greeneway tries to reach the maximum of surgery but it only succeeds in demonstrating a ban on human relations.
