Jean Seberg did not have one half of the talent to act. Like all his films, 'Bonjour sadness' has not had any difficulty from his appearance (though he is perhaps the first of modern women who Tom Wolfe with cunning, explains correctly as "boys and milk": advertisers, of course, using the word "gamine") but it is widely recognized from Seberg's gentle, pleasing, killing. In all his films when he had to play angry, Seberg played in a loud, exciting sound, breathing among his beautiful words of droned. Oy. The Preminger Preparation for Françoise Sagan's young people, the soap opera's design is unique for its movie shows - but that is difficult to enjoy in the French photo of Riviera, and perhaps because of it, but certainly not working , the black and white work for current events that Seberg's monotone story takes us to the back of the background color. Juliette Gréco has a short time, like a nightclub club. black and white watch, the delivery of the Dietrichesque Voice of smoky who was old enough of song songs. This time is today, to go back, beyond something extraordinary. Unless, of course, if you are French - especially if you are French "68-er" they crave the days of the glory of all the barricades Sorbonne - and your fighters to keep all the sins of life that have been damaged and relocated to France: then you believe in him. Sartre and Foucault with all the useless, useless professionals. David Niven has a more complicated role, playing with gusto enough who is old age who still knows that life is 't all about Sagan's teenybopper's hip, cool, swingin' ideas, "mon copain!" Papa. Deborah Kerr gives her usual position, of a professional presence, with the ability to play a woman suffering from Sberg's modern pride of Sberg's pride (fulfilling a fantastic Sagan youth fantasy of “may only have one Queen in hive "); In fact, for Kerr is the only time of this film and the most memorable time of the screen. Conversation is not normal - I agree with the original recipient who said that it seems to be "misinterpreted" from French; combine unsolicited scripting and seberg incomparably dull, uneurable monotone and you can save Valium for another night. Putting over all that sounded simultaneously after the production of sound after production, almost entirely, it has definitely not so much to insist: this is especially true for dubbing for Mylène Demongeot because it destroys its good performance of improper dumb. </ Hunky Geoffrey Horne gets a short end of the stick here - a very handsome young man who has also suffered an unpleasant, non-uncinematic voice which, when connected with Seberg's drone, offers an unprecedented show of puppy love. (Horne was, we'll say, just enough in the 'Bridge on the Kwai River,' perhaps because its end took place with the great film shows William Holden and Jack Hawkins instead of being dismayed by Seberg's sadness). > <br /> Overall 'Bonjour sad' is good looking but it is shallow, red soap: thin gruel and sud.
