Reply to preliminary comments made by residents of the region where this motion picture is depicted: One person suggested that the closure and destruction of the Ocean Ocean Reserve Reserve has led to a decline in neighboring areas. This is not true. Before the construction of Interstate 64, which surrounds the Ocean View area, the main route of traffic passed through the heart of Ocean View. Once completed in the middle, Ocean View quickly became a city of spirit and business closing and increasing crime. This led to a decline in income for the reserve, which also faced new competition from Busch Gardens near Williamsburg. At the same time, in the last few years, Norfolk City has done a wonderful job of rehabilitation in order to make the area an area for the construction of final housing. He also said that images of the destruction of the roller coaster were held in the film "Rollercoaster". This is also not true. Footage was shot for two rental cars to eliminate the film's trip, but actual explosions and fall are unique to the "Dead Sea Effect". <br /> <br /> About the film itself, the story of "non-natural" power within the water near the reservoir was certainly silly, but to some extent for B-grade movies of time. With the participants involved, it should not be surprising that the environment was hit by virtually every area and base actors. I don't believe this film was intended to be "Kane's citizen"; I believe Playboy was trying a new non-nude type to determine if this was the company's location to expand within (apparently not!). The amazing energy in the water that causes incredible events in the past amusement park probably seemed good at the meeting table, but proved it impossible to implement. Coaster's roller and probably the reserve was planned for the ball to break however; "let's come up with a wonderful way of legalizing the explosion of explosions!" <br /> <br /> For a casual viewer of the film, this will "see immediately and forget about it" film (except for fans of Diana Canova); but for thousands of people living in the region and have a good record of the park, this movie is like "walking under memory" for photographs of the reservoir with the old pictures of the city of Norfolk, "first" of "Harborfest" and the University of Old Dominion. Even the little delivery of this film on DVD would be welcome.
