The innocent person (Steve Guttenberg) has one night position with the boss's wife (Isabelle Huppert). She is looking for a woman (Elizabeth McGovern) being knocked out but can't call the fighters because she could marry her boss Gutenberg (Paul Shenar). So Guttenberg, a faithful citizen that he is, when he finds that another woman was attacked and killed about half an hour later, he comes forward and claims to have seen the first attack, just wanting to pass the information given by Huppert. Well - don't have a false witness against your neighbor, as they say. This simple attempt to help the police and the killer turn quickly. When he meets the first victim, McGovern, he immediately hits the branches for what happened, but admits to be silent for a while. But Guttenberg finds himself in court, assuming that he feels heavy (Greenquist) and we find out through a test examination that he is close-and can not recognize things off, without alone faces. (Not that because, after all, he had never seen the first.) The plot finds a labyrinthine practically. The Guttenberg wind becomes the prime suspect when Huppert is also killed. <br /> <br /> She is running away and walking with the current McGovern sympathy. Guttenberg and McGovern scourge the murder plan. He will serve as a bait. They will follow the following by entering into one of its reproductive seed and McGovern will do as a doxy in which the killer is attracted to, just to make him try to kill him. But everything will be all right, see, because it is not just that Guttenberg will stand next to him, and not only will warn the police after a few minutes after getting into this dive, but he will continue with the ability of the larvae ready - just the case. <br /> <br /> I ask you, an alert viewer, do you? this situation continues as planned? Elizabeth McGovern has a very interesting bone structure. She looks everything enough with a little mouth sometimes, but she is nimble. Steve Guttenberg has hair on his brawn and that's about it. Otherwise he is as powerless as the character he plays. If Isabelle Huppert can act, it does not appear in this film. The killer was created and so he looks like he is wearing one of these disability masks in the Twilight area with cunning heirs. <br /> <br /> Is the director, Curtis Hanson, not doing the "LA secret"? That was a piece of work well. Here, everything looks tribal and emerging, up to small parts. Before the peak of an inevitable wind, a police officer is wearing a delay of McGovern's rescue, and the area is embarrassed to look. Dick Olsen has a little place as a late shopper. He is a good man and always trusted. Paul Shenar as the hubby of the pig has an amazing face visible for action and also does a good job. That united unity where McGovern attracts the attention of the killer, where he has a donkey and a couple of fur monkeys, was shot at a bar in Carolina Beach, North Carolina, not far from where I lived. The interior method has been developed, it is clear that this should be a dangerous diving and dead diving. It actually seems more elegant on the screen than it really did. Overall, this is the area of ​​Hitchcock and brings tears to the eyes to imagine what she could do with this story.
