The amazing Tobe Hooper about the unfortunate boy (Brad Dourif) is able to keep the people hot. This ability occurs in parents who participated in atomic experiments in the 50th century. They die from natural human combustion and it seems that what Sam begins to suffer from these female drugs, Lisa (Cynthia Bain) gives her a bad migraines. In fact, Lisa was told to run Sam in taking the pirate with Lew Orlander (William Prince), the father of the father who raised him from the child. Lew has good plans. It sees Sam as the "Atomic Man" first, a clean killing machine in human form. Sam did not want this and will do whatever is necessary to prevent those responsible for his situation. As the film goes, Sam's blood grows slowly, green in color instead of red. It seems that the water and other items that often provide fire touch the opposite when the fire of the fire cannot rule. To find out, Lisa has Sam's situation in which her parents also die from SHC. Dr Marsh (Jon Cypher), a man who Sam has been known for as long as his doctor, is to import green water into their bodies, I think they add their hot numbers. I have (Melinda Dillon, an indoor and outdoor games) was a friend of Sam's parents and collaborating with 50 years of experiments who try to talk to things about what is happening. And Rachel (Dey Young) is a former Sam wife who can work against her old husband and Lew and marsh and Lisa. It is a wonderful little wonder of horror, full of evil effects of fire. Dourif tries to bring about a traumatic and dynamic character for his character who we continue to look at when his body becomes slow and poisonous and often ignores it from its orifices. There is a very big hole in his hand that gives a fire like a volcano and a big stain of his hand that grows in size for a while. Excellent location is probably the time of director John Landis, who shows a bright electrical engineer trying to tell Sam to trust him because the radio program hits it at night, becomes the victim of SHC. Flick has not worked at all because it is not very useful with a sudden, ignorant finale where Sam provides Lisa free to fire by taking her.
