The title alone (with the poster) is not enough to give the "Man Project" as the release of "The Fly". And Bryant Haliday, the best time than the usual IMD inspection you would think, not the idea of ​​anyone considering the price of Vincent. Although, come to think, who is it, except Micheal Gough available? However, if you have a view of the "Hammer" film of the UK and the fictional science fiction on the teleportation attempt has gone wrong ... well, you would still like to give the "Designer" to pass and around around the remaining bin ' 'On your Wal-Mart for another film of the teleporter accident. Because this is not just not good. Haliday got a good ribbing of nature from MST3K staff for its part in this film and "Devil Doll", but she's the best thing in TPM. Maybe he can't carry the film, but gets any help from the screen. Script's documentation under any accelerated conspiracy may be in the mud of lies on the money and politics of the university and a guy named Lembach and some bad cabal who want a teleportation machine fail to steal his secret ... or something. So all the amazing mechanisms in the first half of the film involve a call or a number of special effects on wind and teleporting devices. Then when Haliday's poor was made by his machine, he should use the last part of the film wearing a diaper over half of his face and cement rubber on others while he chooses a different London who replaces his way. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts using bullhorns could not make this screen work. <br /> <br /> At the same time all the other actors are struggling to incorporate life and interests in their role for this little turgid project, but the screenplay convinces their entire effort. The project administrator destroys the fumes and tells the story to his people, at all times they cannot realize that he looks like a www wrapped in a tweed suit and a tattersall fabric. Haliday research assistant and former female have the least romance in the history of the horror of Britain. His secretary is forced to walk around his "small". None of that work or gel on the real movie. And it's all just kind of leaving the dead, leaving the viewer going, "Eh? Forgive me, didn't have to be ENDING here?" However, for all of its problems, I can easily name a number of awesome movies from that period that was bad or bad, and so anyone who follows the movie (or who has ever seen IMDb "Down 100 "). I would not really pay money to have a "Celebrity Project", but if included in a certain collection with twelve other movies in the DVD collection, I'd like to feel good about having. It is an impressive diversion, perfect for a movie of fear of fear, watching with friends when you spend a lot of beer and snacks on Saturday evening.
