I love to love everything of the late Paul Naschy (R.I.P.) who had entered. While not all the movies are playing with Naschy are good, they all have special charms that are not available anywhere but for Naschy-flicks, and they are always entertaining. There is no rule without discrimination, however, like "El Mariscal Del Infierno" aka. "What has been given to the devil" (1974) confirms. When the film has a special charm of Naschy-flick, it is very depressing and finds the truth, it is very low. Naschy stars like Baron evil Gilles De Lancré, who empowers people and uses black rituals and blood worship to stay in power. When Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), who fought with Gilles De Lancré against Britain, learns about Baron's bad behavior, decides to turn against his former friend in arms and help people free themselves from Baron's satanic violence ... Directed by León Klimovsky, who is better known for leading Naschy in "La Noche De Walpurgis" ("Werewolf Vs. Mother's Vampire", 1971), the film was written by Naschy himself. Naschy often wrote his own films, and one must say that he did the best work, more than it is here. "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is built more like a historical adventure instead of the Horror film, and gets quite boring in the middle. It is often similar to Sword and Sandal film from 50 years, only that this film is installed in the middle. Satan's part is possible only to be added because the name of Paul Naschy is linked to the type of Horror. Film has its best parts: Paul Naschy speaking positively, Paul Naschy looking at surprise, Paul Naschy doing satanic things, Paul Naschy accusing innocent victims, etc. But, sadly, many films focus on a hero who stimulates young people, and this time is boring. The female members beaten are good looking, but, unlike many films of Naschy, this does not characterize and dirt. There are some years, but they look very much and are not happy to look at as much as Naschy films. In general, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" fits only to watch my fellow Naschy partners. There are several films that look at the Spanish deity of Horror which should be seen before this, as "El Jorobado De La Morgue" ("Hunchback of Morgue", 1973), "La Orgia De Los Muertos" ("Hanging 1973)," El Espanto Surge De La Tumba "," Latidos De Panico "(" Fear Beats ", 1983)," Rojo Sangre "(2004), or any of the 'Wwolf' films of Waldemar Daninsky. RIP Paulo Naschy. Legends never die!
