It is clear that the director and producer of the producer put a beautiful picture of a Palestinian girl and her family. The movie and the site tries to prove that Ayat has a secret reason to beat himself with Rachel - the problem of a partner-perhaps pregnancy. It is clear about the fact that Ayat himself had witnessed the death of a close friend in the hands of Israel '-out of his house. Gosh, why on earth would a little girl, beautiful, intelligent and college plans go and do something like that? Could it be that the boy, the emotion, was in pain to see someone loved to die before his very eyes? This information is suitable for every 5 seconds on the film. Other well-known details are that Avigail Levy, Rachel's mother, could prevent the damage of the Akhras family home (including 22 other families). One gets the feeling that he offers this as a "contract" - should Mrs. Akhras agree to talk to him. "Why me?" he says (because the movie was made a house damaged - it seems that the interview did not find what he wanted - thus bringing it on tablets) Mrs Levy claimed that "he wanted a movie to be cathartic with a hope of hope, a chance to pass full-rooted hatred" - instead he uses as excuse for the mother of Ayats, losing the house as a carrot. In addition to that two women live only 4 miles away, she has no relation to the real working conditions of her Palestinian neighbors, that she thinks the truth that Mrs. Akhras can only drop the cup coffee? Please. And she rejects one chance when she met Mrs. Akhras into someone and seeing what kind of life she lives (the family of Akras originally came from Jaffa, but now it does not live in a refugee camp only 4 miles from where Levys lives in luxury comparison. With compassion I had a good to do well to Mrs. Levy canceled her air of self-right bitchiness. In contrast, Mother's mother comes as good, transparent and loving-despite the best efforts of post-production staff she and his family as creatures. Heck even music and sound structure was on one side - I think muezzin sings every day for 4 miles from home to Levy's family, always in a sharp key from the old sappy music which suggests this excuse There is also a small issue of translation - Mrs. Levy DIRECTLY address the camera in English when she has something to say before time, Hebrew when she doesn't. Hras spoke only Arabic that received another transfer, sometimes INTRODUCTION, always irrelevant, and very suspicious to the required movie intended. Also "throwed" under the lights, while Mrs. Levy sat in the weather. The editorial groups of Ms Akhras also. I paid 2 because I loved Ayats' mother and father, who seemed like good people. Shock on HBO, producers and director, for the release of the bomb.
