When I beat first on Happy Birthday, I assessed the time of watching the film. I was surprised at length. All animation and horror movies share common ground: the attention of chosen audiences and which should be around or around 90 minutes. Anything more, and you will lose your audience. These 110 minutes, or 20 minutes before it was a big problem for me. I would like to say half of this film would have been closed, but I would also like to be generous to say it. Continue and watch and tell me how many exhibitions can be edited, even without a big film. Regardless of the most accessible tour, the film was less brief. It has spent all her time trying to have this great secret that "10 elite" is to kill the remaining friends. For the most part, they are not just about doing that, but they look on the face and largely say "This is a man! No! It's this gal!" You will spend more time with the camera cheating than enjoying the movie. And don't enter I started working. Well, that's started. I had to laugh at first attempting to remember as Melissa Sue Anderson played a character that had made blindness to the Small House on Prairie (later, the study showed that my charges were right) because all the way through this movie, actually appeared blind. Strange, if the actor was introduced, he would have to be better for the group, but turned bad. Some of the workers, apart from Ann (Bregman) were very good, too, but she, takes a cake. <br /> <br /> The movie comes with a group of ten friends, and immediately killed off. Usually anyone thinks of the disappearance of this friend "partner", so they continue their fun way. At the moment, then more quickly, there is a revelation on Virginia (Anderson), the main character, formerly a pharmacist and a psychologist, who is more human (AND USE 24/7, appears) than more than a decline. All the time, more and more deaths occur. <br /> <br /> What's funny is, if "disappear" first, more "best buds" disappear, under the care of others. Indeed, it provides a few seconds of air time to say "Wow, (that person) didn't want to run" etc., but then they go back to their sexual ways. And saying about it, maybe because of the bad script, or maybe it's me who was losing interest for 30 minutes, but it was very difficult to keep up with who liked who of the group as they all seemed to be the next sexual partners or someone could be free for MAX and another with the best friends second place. Note: The boy with the creepy who carried the mouse / mouse in his pocket? literally ?? and he was more suspicious. I give them a loan too much (and time,) but how he was part of the "10 elite" I will not know. <br /> <br /> But, I digress, there is a secret here. Why are these goals for children? Why does Virginia think she was killed, when it has not been confirmed ('until the end) that any of them have been killed? And why does the trailer and poster say these killings are "six of the most amazing killings you will see"? Hell, even in 1981, many of them had been shown on the first Friday of the 13th film? Unfortunately, Friday 13th was released two weeks to Happy Birthday. Maybe, they talk when they photographed the months before, but they had arrived at the time, well, party. When “secrets” have been revealed, I believe, you will need to re-3 -4x to really find interesting and unusual motives, and yet, keep headlines to find all the words of the victim / killer. Even if you get the first time, it's an amazing and very finale. It's almost watching the entire film again, but as a drinking game. This birthplace should be avoided. Is it the first and first thing? Please, please know it takes a lot of records before the role of the camera, it has any way to act or extreme on the act and is 100% false about how people respond in a strange environment. Remember the side: When I was a child, or 10-11 years old, I loved horror movies. (Still doing, oddly. Unhappy pleasures, but it's harder and harder to look like years passed.) We got our first VCR, and I taped all the awesome films off the web (or, EDITED VERSIONS) TV. All I remember of Good Birthday is to get the last 10 minutes on the tape, which was afraid to die? and certainly gave a great secret about who the murderer was. Although I have seen other parts of this film, I think this is the first time I was watching. Amazingly, this bad film does not harm me as a child. I am old now, and I can take this garbage. But never again. Section 2: That said, that the "Happy Birthday" song made in the last features (and all the symbols) is still very strong. I think, this film (or the last few minutes,) had influence on my childhood. Shame on you, Melissa Sue Anderson!
