Welcome to our Town, welcome to your city? As we enter the city of the city of 1901 America, this third act of action is opened before us with the help of "Action Manager", the author of the picture if you like. After its preliminary introduction, we lead into two homes; Webb and Gibb. <br /> <br /> This is quite evident in Central America during the centuries, and the way of life development of the Dream of America and its overtones of the saccharine that might seem to be a little personalized in this dream city. Here we see the daily life of some of his 2642 people of Grover's Corners, New Hampshire, even if there are, too, the Polish migrant workers who increase the number 500 to number, they, they never have to look at. <Br /> <br /> Once the daily life of these families has been established; His cooking, children working at home, working fathers, children love with love and clean cotton-colored paint were white, the second act started three years later, after George (little and unknown William Holden, aged) 22) and Emily have fallen in love and the desire to marry. The violence of love that reaches the stars and achieves, too, the turning point in their own lives, from the nest they have now and now, into the worries and woes of the young life of which they go boldly. The third act is the most smooth and widespread, in this act that the movies are visible, here we do not see life, not a celebration but death, and it is in this trouble that the dead, for they are coming back again and connecting their old life, here remind us , tell us, that life, and every last minute, every precious breath should not be lost and destroyed. <br /> <br /> It is in the last three that the cinema also the political position also looks much more, the more impression of the stunt propaganda on ethics on, and by, Central America and how it should direct its home and how should also put it in order. This is not just about "Our City", this is a diction of values ​​aimed at "Our" and the spirit of America and how America can improve itself as its people ", (excluding Poles, Muslims, American Americans and ethnic minorities) and a few 'in general, with the backbone of Americans who, yet, have not had a fair share in this story), such as middle classes, can live according to the prospects of the American Way through honesty, respect for live. Producers of American Dream have only a special invitation. I was welcome, little, and this film too, but I felt that his notes had a greater impact than anything else involved yet bland act, a music mark or how well, or not, it was done. This was intended for movies to eliminate other groups, and only included the love of Webb and Gibb's, in the future of developing countries of the United States, a good movie, but also a little for his preference, I thought. It is taken from the play by Thornton Wilder born in the United States (1897 - 1975) this game to win the Pulitzer Award, and the sixth prize of the Academy Award, which was the foundation of eternal life and the third main character ; Life, love and death, translating into cellulodi comes as a little opposite of community awareness. Our Town begins with what seems to be a lesson in uselessness, like other cities, nothing exciting has happened here, if anything, this city has "people of the right kind", you can still leave your back door opened here, we see the continued life of these two families, but it is their moral and social attitude that is more important than their own. Our Town can be "Any Town", just as long as it came from the right part of the city.
