I was fascinated by this film, I wanted to see how they changed the cruel novel Hubert Shelby. I thought it was a piece of such an encyclopedia, and a rich bond of characters, a bad situation, and social status could not translate into a bad film. I was wrong. This flick is an awesome experience of film, not for its content, but for its form. Director Ulrich Edel does, in my opinion, a bad work of leadership which has no right to the original book. No wonder Edel is a television director; This movie looks and feels as bad "released to TV" flick. Some of my comments on this bomb (** heroes **): <br /> <br /> - Lack of creativity instructions. The events are slow, they feel slow, look at shooting, and are not completely out of position. The only freedom that takes it is in the movie area, and the beautiful sound of darkness. Other than that, the film has the same innovative and technical as opera TV samples. All vendors are doing a great job in showing these sad characters. The problem is that the adaptation situation does not make the primary element in the development of the plot: MOTIVATION. All characters move around like robots, without clear motivation for their action. They seem to do things out of blue, like robots, for no reason. Edel loses every opportunity to strengthen character development by not reflecting the attitude of behavior, and by avoiding developing the character of each individual to its full extent. The lack of development characteristics is clear on Tralala. Jennifer Jason Leight is doing a good job of playing this fiancé, but her alcohol-made decision to take them to sea is not explained. It looks very foolish, as we see this behavior makes it out of blue. This is a clear example of the development of bad habits. Movie also has many secondary characters, signals that do nothing, feel nothing, and add nothing to the plot. I would like to learn more about Harry's wife, for example, and cooperation between the two. That's another lost opportunity. Edel is only approaching the development of character by Harry and making him with his gay partner, just wiping it to the end, not to express clearly-his-purpose mobilization. Bandits are also a joke in their lack of development. The sound is one of the worst I have ever found. A terrible job with Mark Knopfler. I expected more from the former Dire Straits leader, but his work in this movie has been very low. Sometimes, as in the conflict between the union workers and the police, the music seems completely removed from the film. It also feels quite poor and anonymous; I wish to swear the sound of all sounds made by the toy of the Casio toy. Misleading from the actual action. <br /> <br /> - Change book to Desmond Nakano is so real that it reduces the story stage. It feels like they tried hard to keep the story of step-by-step in the book, that they forgot to develop characters and, again, to describe their actions and motivations. I appreciated it very much not to recommend this film, even to a fan of Shelby, because it can destroy the original book. It is a very real effort in changing novels, and shows very little input of creativity.
