"Fever blow" is not a bad film; is a terrible film. What? is it possible for viewers in the United States and critics have been few and perverted by the dirt that Hollywood takes out that they will glorify him in heaven even the most unusual film and smell? That's the only reason I can think of why this romantic romantic comedy (and I use that word freely because nothing interesting in this film) is to get a good view. <br /> <br /> I sat through this amazing film that journalists Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel could even have a short time to consider their script was interesting. Nick Hornby's talent is usually translating well to the film. He exchanged "Pitch Fever" for British film with Colin Firth and Ruth Gemmell in 1997; Peter Hedges got Hornby's voice for "About the Boy" (2002) and when the "Higher Honesty" was the American for the film in 2000, the author D.V. DeVincentis, Steve Pink, John Cusack and Scott Rosenberg did not act badly because they set the corner of Witch Hornby with humor. They made one of the best films of the year. Why is the American version of the "Fever Blow" that goes so bitterly? The British edition was not a hub, but it was charming, surprising, unexpected and giving us two characters we love, respect and understand. But Ganz and Mandel have enjoyed everything amazing in Hornby's work. In combining stories, they have left it, to overcome all that is good and unique about Hornby's work and to convert it to normal drivel. <br /> <br /> They have changed a funny story in a romantic romantic comedy, never once emerging from bad form. Lindsey (Drew Barrymore) has three friends, each with a different job. Reducing the weight of the person, the second of pride and pride, and the third is romantic. You want me to think how many friends Ben Ben (Jimmy Fallon) has? What makes the "Higher Honesty" as happy is not just a good man to lead with a woman, but the characters involved. In this "Fever Blow", six friends help to do or say nothing exactly. They are very important, they do not even decorate. The only reason they have on the film is because the form requires. Poor Ione Skye emerges as a single pals Lindsey in the role of ungrateful. Good Skye should want Lloyd Dobler to love and take her. Come to think, Cusack could make Ben better. Of course, Cusack is very smart to join the script completely to stimulate. It is not one time, the only time in this movie that looks natural or unchanged. Each field is predictable, every telegraphed laughter is ripe. Ganz and Mandel work for laughing. The first 45 minutes are very slow, you wonder if these chaps found that they are writing comedy. You can mark the plot returns to this film for your hour. It's almost like Ganz and Mandel wrote this for some form of writing a screens screwed on the wall. When they came to a certain page, they looked at the form and said, "Well, guru says this must happen now." And, presto! <br /> <br /> Directors Bobby and Peter Farrelly do not support any film. They have no idea how to set up their stories with characters (they give up to V.O. narration is not for the protagonist, but for another guy who lives behind Ben in Fenway Park). Thanks to many other ethical texts, we should look at Barrymore and Fallon to fall through their previous unwanted meetings. Barrymore does the most beautiful and most beautiful job. She's good to them like Goldie Hawn in her heyday. But even his cuteness can not save this unfamiliar film. He tries to win energy and humor out of this story. About 30 minutes on the film, Lindsey tells Ben, "You're funny." The only explanation of his comments is that it was in the script. For Ben's Fallon never says anything even for a funny. Fallon is not a witch nor funny; when he strikes comedy, he overacts. <br /> <br /> Fallon never good on "Saturday Night Live." He was quite a very young person at the show. Remember that artwork diagram about the DJ's radio who made all sounds? The only reason for the "End of the weekend" worked regularly is because the Fallon group, Tina Fey, knows something or two on comedy. Shepherds who think they are wondering and doing it usually, as really funny. That's true of Fallon. He thinks he is funny funny when he difficult to lift chuckle. His uncertainty shtick, has not shared on a small screen; is a pleasure on large screens. Unfortunately for Fallon, his role in this picture also requires a very short time. If you thought that his comedy was bad, wait even to get the burden of his great things. Two events exactly - the first in the garden, the second in front of Ben's school - is painful to see. Events require an actor and smidgen of great potential, but Fallon has no skills or ability to work. Many of his feelings are not used even from A to B. <br /> <br /> Ben has no personality or depth. Often, he comes as a dead. And not loved for it. It reminds the mind that Lindsey will find interesting on it. Comparing the performance of Fallon to Firth in the UK version, and you will understand how flat flat, unfunny and forced Ben's is how it is appropriate for this role. Watch Fallon in the "Pitch Fever" makes one long in depth and comedic nuance of Ashton Kutcher! <br /> <br /> As a "Honest High" made, the US "Fever Pitch" would work carefully. It only required the best writers, many capable managers and, indeed, powerful, funnier, a good man who led. Are you a great grace: Avoid this rotten film; lease the UK edition of England and read the book of Hornby, instead.
