I chose the Time for Change because it looks like a good movie budget to travel and I was in a state of something like that. This information had something to do with other biblical issues and time travel but I didn't expect a basic Christian film! <br /> <br /> The movie had special value effects and an interesting premise that would go to the place and has been more interesting than it was last. Our hero, who is a Bible professor from the 1890s, eventually travels to the 2000s and finds that modern life is filled with the influence of evil - Jesus is not available. This amazing technology feat is done with the help of a fellow Bible teacher who somehow managed to create a temporary HG-Wells-working machine. The movie starts losing some point at this point, which is unfortunate because this happens very early in the film. Earlier (or perhaps later later, he cannot remember for sure), our brave professor appeared to teach what appeared to be a science class where he claimed that scientific results could only be taken to be verified if it could fit what the Bible says. What should be clear to anyone is that this is not clear scientific method, however it has been presented as filmmakers seem to prefer the point of view that science only supports if it supports their claims and otherwise is not recommended. In any case, that belief is quite accurate and wise in the context of behavior at the time. Therefore, if we accept that as a fact of life for Bible teachers, then the professor who went out and produced the machine when it is not very faithful as I do not think there is any evidence (and no one is given) for the time physics to travel in the Bible. So once there is a problem with a mixed message and loyalty there, but don't mind ... <br /> <br /> After the professor has taken the leap in the future, the shock of modern technology was done quite well. It was also happy that it was not treated for the real year (if the character reads the date of the self-withdrawal, the car respects the horn and is perfect in the finish date: it's just two thousand and .. * honk *). Some shocks lasted too long, though. For example, the car was one of the first things he encountered when he arrived and almost two days later he was invited to the church's movie and he is traveling on the van. He magnifies his head out of the window as a dog can, he is scared with head heads and starting engines, etc.. That seemed to have been far since he had been there a few days to this point and the city seemed to have worked very much with traffic. In any case, that's easy to ignore. The tech shock was done well - especially her first encounter with a late TV because she didn't even realize what it was until she saw a child looking at one and using the village. Unfortunately, our hero predicts to begin to preach almost everyone who meets him if he is an authority over all life and religion only because he is from old and is old. Finally he finds himself a short time when the church is visiting where he continues to explain his concept of Christianity to them in a long monologue that was supposed to move and understand, but more was the same. Two men in the church begin to feel the feeling about this person (go to figure) and examine his name. Finally they conclude that he is a temporary traveler or pretends to be an old Bible professor who has decided to know who he is. This scenario encourages these people as infidels to be worried. Before the professor is coming back to his own time, he faces the two people. In an attempt to avoid arrest or isolation, he finally breaks up as a fool and a madman about how Jesus is coming soon and that he is a prophet in order to hear him. For a while, he has left and one of the men is wondering if this is the redemption he had heard of many stories. The irony is that this basically refers to the professor professing himself (and most likely to lie) the prophet claiming to know that the rapture was near and sent by God when he was actually sent by his Bible professor and had no knowledge given to him. and God (explained or even informed). If I understand it, Revelation claims that the end time is only for God to know and at the end of the film we see the founder of the founder trying (and failing) to send the Bible in the future. First 2080, then 2070, etc. if the area is full out. He really tries to determine the exact time of the end times - which he should not know! In fact, the entire premise of the movie leaves out because based on their religious beliefs and how things are only about God, it means that it could not be a temporary machine because of the first because people can search for something that only God should know! All the columns of the movie fall and make the whole thing basically mean if it undermines trust in the end.
