Before describing the "Alias" view I would say that "Desert Path" is even worse by the western standards that view The Stooges three. In fact it has features of Carmen Laroux as a little daughter of the Juanita village, when you hear the Mexican voice you will immediately recognize as Senorita Rita from the classic Stooge "Saved by Belle". <br /> <br /> In the "Desert Way" John Wayne loves to play the character of Moe Howard and Eddy Chandler gets to play Curly Howard. Like Stooge counterparts riding a gag in the cinema 53 minutes is Moe hitting Curly. Wayne's character, skirt chasing bully, does not like much, but it has to be a good man. Play the rodeo racko cowboy Wayne stands on the rodeo box office on the gunpoint and takes the money that he could win if the attendees were good - the other travelers should stay 25 cents (in fact even less after Wayne capture the box office. There is no definition of Wayne's release to the fighters and still thinks a hero who gets a girl. Things were difficult for this point because villain (Al Ferguson) and his sidekick Larry Fine (played by Paul Fix-who would continue to play Sheriff Mika on the "Rifleman" television) see Wayne rob the box office and then steal the cash balance and kill rodeo manager. Moe and Curly are blamed. So Moe and Curly move to another city to go away from the law and change their names to Smith and Jones. What? Who first meet but their old friend Larry, whose sister is half the second half (Senorita Rita is left behind the old town and does not appear again in the film). Larry's sister is a very good player Mary Kornman (now growing up but in her younger days was one of the original members of the shorts of Hal Roach's "Gang"). Kornman is the main reason to look west of mega-lame and its events to Moe and Curly is better than all others in production, as if they used quite different employees to be film. Even in 1935 the process of action in this matter is very weak and technical technical decisions are very serious. The two main pieces pull up the last buttons and photographs of the rider of the fallen rider from the horse. Twice the editor eliminates the lead of one of the characters around the bottom, but no horse in shape, the stock of the film is quite different, and the character has different clothes than the rider. There is a generous use of stock photographs in other areas, no one can even convince. One thing to look at is the center of the movie where Moe and Curly ride their horses and ride (right on the right side) from the cabin as likely around the cabin from the left side. The viewer follows two pots with a pot of slow and then makes a whip pan on the left side to reveal the approaching possibility. Out of home movies I have never seen anything like this, not because it seems to be stupid (which makes it) but because a competent director can never run the scene in this way. They would make a film of two riders to leave and then put the camera position and film filing approaching as a different step. Or if they would like creativity they could set up a sequence so the camera shows the front rowers and likely to be accepted back. <br /> <br /> Then again, what do I know? I am just a child.
