When Marlene Dietrich was assassinated by a box office in 1938 one of the few artists who were called by business papers, was a film like the Garden of Allah. How the film would be so beautiful to see and be so insipidly dull is beyond me. Also how Marlene tries to expand her type and not to play sex with an old story as it was more. The Garden of Allah, one of the very first films in modern technicolor was a novel set at the end of the last century by Robert Hitchens who then collaborated with playing with Mary Anderson which was running for 241 exhibitions in 1911-12. Then it got two locks on the screen. The story is about the monk who runs away from the monastery in French Tunisia to see some of what he lacks in the world. She goes to a woman who is not the same as who was not married and spent her first years caring for a sick parent. He now travels in the desert and two meet on the train. The woman is Marlene and the runner is Charles Boyer. I don't know what is in the concept of David O. Selznick in copying this story. Someone like Ingrid Bergman may have made it attractive to the audience. But you can call that the public is going to the 1936 public when they lost their money on the tickets they expected to see Marlene as a modern day Salome instead of a saint with the title. People still remember Rudolph Valentino and you can call a bet that was some of the romance of the desert and deception that they were expecting. <br /> <br /> About members who should remember that they are supporting their monasteries with this particular bottle of special wine which Boyer happens to be one and secret. The monastery will have to reconsider the economy as Boyer leaves. Spies are a sincere group, but from Charles Waldron's head on them they have the right to have little personal concern. However many parts of religious religions are said here by a pair of heads that are not useful for pieces. Most mainly Marlene Dietrich. I would like to watch this film with an eye on a special movie of the cinema and forget the plot.
