Cassavetes were intellectual, intelligent and new thinking about making a film. He wanted to be a writer, breaking away from the system plans and bringing new realism to American movies. So, I praise him. Unfortunately, as a member of his audience, I cannot thank the woman under influence. Cassavetes took what could be an exciting thing (a mad woman) and somehow managed to create a red film, which was filled with long, strangled and libbed events. It seems that he had a gift to catch the worst time of a person's life on the film, and it often seemed like that he just turned the camera on his family and allowed the car to run and run. This method will be acceptable if Cassavetes have taken a major REAL thing - or even a kernel of something so really touching the way through the usual film did not. However I have seen exhibitions, especially Rowlands', being fake. I have never believed for a moment that he was insane. I have met people who have been disappointed in the truth, but I have never seen any of them doing like Gena Rowlands in Woman under influence. He played as a woman who had no feelings, who drank a lot of water, and even that was a mixture because we only see him drink immediately (at the beginning), but he uses a drink for the remaining film. There is a time when he hits the real thing, but then it's a few and in the middle; he fails to develop an intellectual attitude. Again, I am grateful for her efforts, but the effort alone is not enough to make real performance. Sponsors who listen to this film and see its high level of IMDb will certainly feel compelled to love and beat that level, to prove they 'get it.' But do not have a mental brain and judge yourself. You don't pretend to love it. Like Woody Allen, John Cassavetes can be charged with AIDS in his making of the film, seeming to find his own psyche and his life experience to always attract him that he could not think that for others seemed to be emerging and isolating themselves. But Woody Allen has at least shown a gift for keeping the audience entertaining - knows that the structure of compelling stories and the level of humor is necessary for any movie. If Cassavetes had used self-control (with a sharp pair of edible shears!), A woman with influence could have a chance. But what to make a 'true' film if only people who can stand in it are artists and filmmakers who worship Cassavetes as some kind of anti-activism? Without throwing anything down, I believe Cassavetes would make the woman less accessible by keeping pace with a real plot, rather than presenting a 30-minute long string of advertising arguments. If you only make a film with your few fans, you are just about converted. Check out this movie with your own set of eyes and make your own decisions on it. If you are truly moving and interested in it, it's good for you.
