From the author and independent writer / director John Cassavetes, Woman Under Influence gives the viewer a view of the working class of the working class and the problem of mental stability. The husband, Nick (played by Peter Falk) is a blue worker who has trouble showing his wife, Mabel (played with Gena Rowlands) the amount of attention she deserves. From the beginning of the film, it is obvious that Mabel is very strange and wonderful, but just a few minutes later it is clear that he is more than that. Crazy. Bonkers. From his evil mind. Nick tries to hide this from his employees, and after an extraordinary event in the evening, he asks if he will be right, if he tries to refuse Mabel's disease. His problem is just a soul from there. I got some problems with this film. I think these problems were in the story, and how some way of behavior did towards the end. Mabel is bound, because, in fact, he is nuts. Then, six months later, she is ready to come from the hospital, and her husband gives us a party to welcome her. He never makes a stump at the beginning of the movie. Why would he invite all these people, some of them to be guests to Mabel, on his house when his wife was in such a fragile situation? It's just idiotic. Later, after Mabel came home, Mabel's father screamed Nick, shouting on his lungs about wanting to eat spaghetti. His daughter has returned from six months of rehabilitation, and what you want to do is set stability, and goes nuts on the spaghetti? A few minutes later in the film, Nick brings Mabel to the stairwell and empowers him to do what he did when he was uncertain; make his wonderful voices and signs. Did he not send him there to make him better and not do those things? There were many other parts that took place after this, but it would be easier to find them in more detail. I think I had a big problem with the decision of Cassavetes to have its characters act this way. It was useless. However, although I had trouble with the end of the film, there was one feature that really saved the truth; acting. Gena Rowlands played a wonderful woman. There were times when I forgot that she was working, where I was given so much in her wild gesticulations and discussions of things I was afraid of. He was very awesome and very intense. However, I was attracted to some of Mabel's family. Peter Falk played a very strange character, and almost I thought he was the only person, because of the sudden way he served his children, his work, and especially the situation with his wife. Normally I am not happy with the actors. But the youths who played Nick and Mabel's children in this film were a wonderful thing. They really felt like they were Mabel's children, because they seemed to be involved with him and were very interesting to help him with his trouble. I think their performances are one of the things that put this film together, and without it it would have made the film true and not very strong. It is generally appreciated by this film. The story was unfamiliar and unknown, and the actors did in ways that made me ask who was not possessed in the film. The only saving grace had a good leading family of the Longhetti family. Their real discussion and acting power put the film together, and maybe that's why the film has ever had anything.
