It must be called 'Balderdash!' Little in the film is true unless the name of the island and the actual experiments were involved. It is not much more than a quality film training and a function of a poor camera, a mud-painting of the mud and perhaps a low-level photography for 'Japs' and laughing Japanese children, laughing Japanese fighters and one square square who have lost and left. Sixty years later is funny as an incredible artifact and as a chance to see what is possible when you have a war on you. The plan and talk remind me of playing the guns on a summer day in my childhood, looking through a nearby flower to get a bad advantage for my friend Steve and my younger brother. In fact, the refugee of Makin Island was a failure to close down with Carlson and his men walking around in the dark dark and shadows until finally, thirsty and totally confused, looking for someone to surrender to, before the occurrence of some of the same confused Japanese soldiers. they gave up quickly! In several offshore Marine's Marine ended on another island and were left! The film, of course, was not able to tell the story, not in 1943, so this was the planned copper and run on the release of drums. With Randolph Scott, and his jaw, as Colonel Thorwald (Carlson) led the unit was close to the caricatures of stock, recruiting green (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), grizzled old (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Levene) , the country of the country (Rod Cameron), all the American (Alan Curtis), and sneering marks (when they did not laugh) 'Japs'. And yet the cast almost conquers the material. Welcome. Various types of Randolph Scott are suitable for his role of a strong commander and supported by a team of professionals who work well with a thin gruel. But at the end, something to remember one of the successes of practice. Any influence has been completely rejected during the time when Randy Scott looks directly into the camera and provides a stimulating (very well stimulating) call for weapons. Sent was much better than this material. So they were viewers. It should be viewed by the Reefer Madness and the Merlot bottle with the best price.
