After reading reviews, it became clear that everyone understood this work. How interesting. Oh about the best days and there was something like that. In all opinion no one spoke any feeling to this work or any other. I just grew up after the end of the steam and the movie problem with Dan'l Boone enjoyed on Saturday afternoon. This was an annual movie that made cycling and filling seats and gabbing, yapping, farting, giggling, snot monsters like myself or had-yourself. And it was to fill the movies at that time. Welcome to the great as a wizard of Oz. IMDb emphasizes that every critiki has something about the plot. The problem is that it was rather a template. Here it goes. Randolph Scott (cowboy / hero) collects friends and may defeat the evil people. Hooray! All of us children mentioned the plot before we gave our quarter down to look at it. That was just on the line of every plot of Scott, John Wayne, the Roy Rogers film ever. If you take time to return and fix every movie - don't ask for surprise. One must remember the situation. There was no TV or small. No for children. There was a school. There was out the outside. There was a toy gun. No time for Cyber. And the vapor age had just collapsed. But movies like this are provided by entertainment and filling the minds of young teenagers. Even girls came into it. <br /> <br /> This movie was entertaining. And it's as useless as something produced today. It was originally intended to be propaganda. But soon there were children's movies. Our fathers had found the real thing. And it was not until Sam Peckinpah ten years later who eventually lost red blood splashes of imitation and large. Until his guide makes anyone slow down, with great pain and sadness. Until the Peckinpah battle and guns were a blood issue. Thanks Sam. <br /> <br /> To see a bloody or no movie, adults didn't mind. They could not bear I thought. No guts sprinkle the plant damage to the plant. So this movie had all the glory and none of the gory. Gung Ho was good for kids then. You will see that I gave four points for this equation. Why do I do that? Well. It's a bad movie. It doesn't matter how much I love. I love this movie because it came back to one of the happiest moments of my childhood. But not all the best of movies in terms of quality. Basically Gung Ho has prepared a novel romance for children. If people are watching it. Without doubt. I can't say to stay away. True however. The program is simple. Anime not known? they are shoals. You can love the bad movie.
