The DVD has been similar to the old late night cycle of two bills, the last chance to capture the old movies around and forget completely like Border. Were there great prospects for back in 1982? The script written by Walon Green's Wild Bunch, Jack Nicholson days that he could still act without semaphore and give us great support (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine), Tony Richardson leading (though he was very good spent at that time)? but now it doesn't even turn on TV. These materials reflect the rich soil of the possibility of commenting on 80 US communications dreams and open use, and the Nicholson border patrols looking at the eyes of an unusual drug drug or small business to get money of his wife permanently, until he returns to his conscience when he finds his partners is also in the business of selling business. Unfortunately, he never finds his hands being dirty, of course even turning the blind eye before his beauty increases to the face. The film feels every time as many responses and many committees are left without neutered and, sadly, the release of the DVD soon is the lost chance of restoring the end, nihilistic ends where Nicholson passes on the edge and firebombs patrol station until it is cut off after the preview audience also found it below but it is still well known in film trailers. Although perhaps he was not very persuasive to consider how the Nicholson's low-conscience conscience is on the film, it should have been much better than the instant of a reshot of a sudden where the film has rejected logic and even basic rules of continuity: when one puts the characters on the gunpoint, then he is elsewhere and they are free to try to kill him, one character goes from his home around as a newspaper on the Rio Grande valleys when the character of Valerie Perrine gets dumber on the level of interpretation. The criminals of the piece are given with an incredible ease (with one attractive stunt car) at the end of the happiest time and you start to wonder if you have ever found yourself watching another film. What makes it more painful is that all the parts of the film are flat and include the sudden entry into the melodrama is more jarring. Fortunately the songs of the name of the good Ry Cooder, All sides of the boundaries, says all of them more economically. But if you want to know the actual crime of the film, it is completely lost Warren Oates great for any little part. Even he can't make sense, you know something very wrong. All in all, it's very easy to remember why I've got this time to forget.
