In order to watch this film, I undoubtedly undoubtedly have to remember this memorable place in the "Pulp Fiction" of Tarantino (1994) when Jules and Vincent are talking about Mia Wallace and what she does for living. Jules tells Vincent that "The only thing he did is pilot". Vincent asks "Is hell a quiz?" and Jules goes into a very good explanation of what television shows are: "Well, the way they do is shown, they make one show. These are called" experiments. "Then they show them to the performers, and with the power to show one they decide whether they will perform more. Some of the fighters take and have television programs, some have nothing, and have one star in what it was nothing. which Jules was talking about, there are BILLIONS of television shows / pilots that were not because they were not ... well, good. The most obvious experimental trial that comes to mind is "W * A * L * T * E * R", removal of "M * A * S * H" and Gary "Radar" Burghoff as a guide. Hmmm, does someone want to watch Radar for half an hour trying to solve crime? Therefore, the show has never been taken. Many people who do not know (or what they thought they know ) It is that the fighters are never found on the air, because they are carefully done by TV-determined networks. Some have made them go and went into the air. comes to mind, as the slide of the show itself did not start until about four months later. However, there was a time when we had to be all the fighters who never enjoyed making the air, and that is why. <br /> <br /> "Black Bart", who think tie-in and Mel Brooks classic comedy, "Blazing Saddles", are stale and bland "sitcom" with a limited heart and no soul. "Saddles" was a comedy of controversy, however, with a humorous racist and vulgar comedy, which comes to mind "what idiot decided this could make a great television for PRIME TIME TV?"? "I say" they are required ", because no characters are not remembered from the film, away from Bart, on this television show Mel Brooks has not been linked to serial production and this is the first mistake in a long line (In a related story, I've recently learned about experimental TV experiments according to film "The authors" which Ke wines Smith did not participate in .... Do you see what happens???? Arrange somewhere near the same time as a movie (or at all), story circles around just the only silver in the west of the wild, called 'Black' Bart, who is at this time played by the winner of the Academy Louis Gossett Jr. awards, definitely before his stint in the "real", this time he plays "G-rated" Richard Pryor. others are carbon (if not true, bad) copies of characters in the movie: Jim, Waco Kid is considered a similar character called Reb Jordan, who was a Confederate soldier who is quick with a gun. Lilian Von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, more characteristic character that is a player to show and a German characteristic of Marlene Dietrich and personality. Although that is the very last in similarity, the "bad" leadership in the story is Fern Malaga, played by Noble Willingham, whom I assume would be Hedley Lamar as Warner Bros ensures the right name (See trivia for "Saddles strict") and his son Curley. .. I dunno, Taggart I think? Myths are bad excuses for sitcom, under trial. Bart deals with a drunken child who has been drinking and has a controlling attitude that has caused the city. True, it is a story that tries to introduce all characters in the "series" and does not focus on the type and environment that can make this a "right" show. I can't call it sitcom (and even if I wanted) and that's really the truth shot at Warner Bros. Studios and later added a song of laughter, so the show is created almost the same as "M * A * S * H ​​(complete with bland and" laugh "similar to the series). laugh, and when the actor playing Reb Jordan almost seems to forget his lines and tries hard to remember when trying to sputter out a piece of conversation. HA! This document is light and tries to make more racism more exciting than it was on the film (Surprise, they use the word "N *** er "often for 22 minutes, instead of touching for the same period and even today) and it gets back to. <br /> <br /> If you get your hands on this non-visible sssss piece ... item interesting of the item, just look for the view of the warriors of the watch (It is in the version of the "Saddles collector", God knows why.) There, you yourself can be the first place for the reasons that most of the pilot tickets The film has no air.
