It was difficult to stay in the face of this terrible false situation of Sherlock Holmes. It seems Matt Frewer was thrown because he is tall and skinny. His face of the skull carried out for a good zombie in Dawn's Dead remake, but as Sherlock Holmes looks like a scarecrow. It's not just that Frewer has a lackadaisical walk that is hard to watch, but it seems uncomfortable in the dress on Holmes which he is wearing. Not only, but when the coat is gray twill they apparently could not find a matching cap. So his hat is black and looks colored as it was of polyester. Whatever was done, it seemed very new to the threshold. Jeremy Brett was often wearing these traditional clothes, but Brett was not obliged to wear as Sherlock Holmes to look at that part. Deleting on the other hand is painful to watch. Even in the perfect dress of "Holmes", she did not take as Sherlock Holmes. The face of Frewer's face that emerges all the time as it continues and continues in the worst state of the "Upper-Crust" of Britain is painful to see and listen. Say that Frewer is overacting is an understatement. After completing each sentence with some kind of nose, then it laughs as if it was some kind of British character. I began to look at this I thought it could be comedy with Wishbone, Jack Russell Terrier. I thought Frewer had been beaten as a form of foil for Wishbone. But sadly, there is no dog in this film except for Frewer. Wishbone would have made this film more comfortable. <br /> <br /> Not only is the Frewer version of Sherlock Holmes should never stop talking (with that fake English fake voice), but it's friendly and kind. Frewer is always exciting for the witness he speaks, and he is of honor and respect that he could teach at the School of Charm instead of being Sleuth. Perhaps since this is the production of Channelmark, they are trying to make the children's version of Sherlock Holmes (Wishbone was better for it, too) which was very interesting. Whatever the definition of Frewer's Sherlock Holmes, is beyond the cotton, and easily the worst version of Sherlock Holmes which I have ever seen (including previous, and Charlton Heston). The sound of this film is bad. It reminds me of the normal part of Barnaby Jones or the assassination or the assassination. All the defendants worked hard to beat the victims before they were killed. Holmes and Watson cite each clue each during the entire movie. Even on the kill He wrote there is a low exhibition. <br /> <br /> Sherlock Holmes this doesn't compare very well with Jim Rockford of Rockford Files and it's miles below Columbo. Negative talks are probably the author's fault. It is clear that who wrote this script has very little skills and Sherlock Holmes, especially the BBC version by Jeremy Brett. This movie has all the surroundings of a small House on Prairie. The fact that executives seem to be shouting when they describe their lines in their artificial smell does not give. The small emergency is Ken Walsh who plays Doctor Watson with some respect. Walsh can not resemble Frewer, and when he often interviews witnesses, his behavior and conversation style are more natural and reliable. Unfortunately, all others are bored, and the tips to see what they give and make their faces to each other (showing it is doubtful) is something I've never seen in any modern movie.
