I will write on this film and about "Impossible" (the most popular area) in it. So you have warned, if you haven't seen the film yet. This is my only thought, why I think the movie fails (the end - the pun is intended). To make wisdom, Rosario Dawson is very good and almost causes to show a person about ten years (little other words). The gaya is good, but it loses its "evil" before it ends. If he doesn't know, then why would he let the woman join him? He didn't want, period. Then we also have a bartender / 2 Dude rape. Actually I don't think you would need him. At least not for rape 2, but more about it later. Let's write a story. Rosarios 'behavior is safe for sex, it may have lesbians' desires (see their location and girlfriends). This is not deliberately, as Rosario tells himself, but there is a tension between them. Rosario's behavior meets a boy, who is a sexual predator, in all negative feelings. But he makes a feeling about it. Rosario commented that her behavior was a partner before. I ask for a difference. Because he acts, as is his first partner, which also emphasizes his telephone conversations with his mother. Speaking of his mother, here is another problem. After the first rape takes place, Rosarios's behavior does not tell anyone what happened. To see that her relationship with her mother is very close, there is nothing to be investigated after that. If Rosarios's behavior does not want to call her mother or it would be a bad habit, the mother would be worried as mad. There was great power here. Also her girlfriend: We see her at the ceremony, it is definitely something going on with the "boom" she has gone. The first rape is almost impossible to watch. But she feels like a pinch, when you compare it to the end (rape), who feels like you get hit with a hammer of a sledge! After no rape. 1 we find scenes also stretched. Threads are opened (such as his construction work is a sign that he can be a sexist, as one of the nations who tried to beat him ...), but he left open. No real social communications have been established, if you are from a bartender boy, who is involved in the second and final area of ​​rape. It seems that he is not "good" boy and his character get a little open. But when Rosarios's character meets his opponent in the class again, being in him in the movie seems to be useless. We are assured that Rosarios's behavior is not the same, that he went "bad" and can hurt people. (Also) Many events show exactly that, having feelings does not make drugs and other things. Return to Rapist # 1 who tries to test, gets a Rosarios character and they decide to walk together again (in fact?). No wonder it seems, the man meets him, not we saw him before, and another girl (most likely that he wanted him too, though we can't see anything, fortunately) and his football career. Good work is stretching and tortured. This is an attempt to give its character in detail and almost works, but then again it cliché to stay with you. So Rapist # 1 offers the character of Rosarios ... why exactly? Because he promised, it was his day? Again, really? Such a boy never loses control, especially for a woman who lived in heaven before ... I think this should show us how foolish she is. The boy's bartender would act like someone who could beat him on the head or something, but let him introduce them like that, he just feels. Another possibility you would have to drink. The first # 1 opponent prevents and gets the eyes and eyes of Rosarios hold him in bed .... with weight, that's just things! But what follows next, it's even crazier. First he is talking to him, then "stops him" and puts something in him. This is difficult to check if the number of rape area. This is not about what this person is deserving or not, it is only intense. And of course they did. Now after the "made" the boy bartender comes and builds ... the swindler # 1. If this should work as a retaliatory film, it would be better if Rosarios's own behavior would "revenge". Having a woman doing the job, takes everything that is built. <br /> <br /> This should not be entertaining / enjoyable, it is looking hard and is the House of Art. But 10 minutes (not counting) the rape area at the end, you beat everything. The character of Rosarios is more or less, just look at what happens. That brings me great desire. Unreparable comparison: "Impossible" had a rape area, but the movie continued (even if it was back in time). Rosario looks into the camera at the end and says something about having more of this. First, that comes too late, which should see him saying that after the previous rape. And second and most importantly, this is where the movie art of art should enter. It was the most spectacular view of Rosarios's behavior would go after a second rape scene and how he could cope, and what he did. But again, he did not physically do so much (see above) ... a broken character that the movie is spreading ... <br /> <br /> Good intentions (Talia and Rosario had worked before), but they can't get things a lot, they have decided to do (even if you see what they mean, it should influence, otherwise it doesn't work) ... without mentioning rape cases than they do ...
