SPOILERS HERE <br /> <br /> My Higher School did everything they could to try and inspire us for exams. But the most memorable approach that they used to give us a good sense of mind was a foreign speaker, who was no other than the favorite son of Australia Kickboxing, Stan "The Man" Longinidis. The first mistake they made was to give this person a microphone, because he was shouting when half we had no more than 3 or 4 feet from him. Now, his speech was full of "if you fail to prepare, then prepare a failure" things, but there were different incidents where I got a job. This man stood there in front of us preaching how his whole life did everything and nobody else. He was given many agreements in the past to stop the kick-boxing, but never took his eye off to become the largest Australian player. He said that he was not an exporter, he was happy with retired, he was not involved in any other activity except Kickboxing ?? then he beat his film. Yes, when you heard the right, he built his new FILM. While talking about it, she found a woman to come and hold a poster of the poster, and then showed this 4-minute picture of this bad film called "Trojan Warrior". (This all before the defeat by Gurkan Ozkan in his last career fighting (now) Stan plays Ajax, a special string of military cord that is pulled into the bottom of the seed. Melbourne's brother, Theo (Arthur) Angel) recently sold (well, at least Stan did not have too far away from everything) to the feds, and the result was run from all acts of organized crime. Ajax and Theo are entering all the ignorance situations, from fighting in the shop of Kebab to ask if playing games in the slave group. All of them are foolish, but if Silverstein was actually aimed at making a reliable film here, this person should not be sent to the camera again. I love film, even if it is corny, and especially if it is installed in my own home. But what I knew is a film and acting that was awesome from the word "go", and went to do so after the words "for the love of God please do it!" Stan in Kickboxing. The release was the incidence of events that were used closely with the famous famous person (Dermot Brereton, Mark "Chopper" Read with Greg Matthews). All the time you sit there and play who is just standing behind. Such a bad movie depends heavily on the second division and anniversary. Remember the holes that I told you? Ajax at once was closed, it was charged for killing his wife. Now, we hear that Ajax was in special forces through a single sentence on the whole film, and then leaving it for a brother. This is followed by another SINGLE judgment which encourages Ajax to help the same people who are bound for lies. Then, do this, at the end, revealed to Ajax that his wife was not dead, but was sold in prostitution. Do we see him? No. Does Ajax look for him as soon as he hears this? No. That's marriage! <br /> <br /> In the midst of all this neglect, a particular website described this film as "cross between Jackie Chan & Guy Ritchie ??". Is this man sitting and watching Jackie Chan's movie? Chan shows more damage to take dump than Stan did? Well, nothing! And Guy Ritchie is the Messiah of the film film, and likens it to Salik Silverstein! This movie is like a mix between "Pizza" and "Enter Ninja". Now, where do you find something around the "Trojan Warrior" name? Is the knowledge of Ajax fighting like that of the ancient Greek warrior? No. Unification of gangsters get Theo, like that of Trojan Empire? No. wait? Theo carries a condom next to him. Yes, that's okay, because THEO is constantly organized by Trojan BRAND RUBBER in his pocket, he is Trojan WARRIOR! <br /> <br /> I was angry to see "Trojan Warrior" on the DVD, and also it's "special features" <br /> <br /> ?? Video clip "Chop Chop", rap and Mark "Chopper" song Read: Chopper made it for the sole purpose of ensuring that no one can beat the rap. The amazing thing was the only Chopper that was hit for 30 seconds and then sent it to these two albinos from Doncaster, using words like "dis" and "dope" etc. in their Australian accents. Dealing with these people, rap was developed in Nations, stopping here! The piece was seen as a feature of the Channel 31 on an exciting setting together. <br /> <br /> ?? Bloopers: There was no real difference between these and the real film. <br /> <br /> ?? Stan "Man" Longinidis Kickboxing Featurette: This was not so bad, considering it was only 6 or 7 different conflicts shown from different angles (I think I saw Dennis Alexio fall over 15 times in 3 minutes montage). <Br /> <br /> I don't want to say this film contributes to the reason why this country is going to hell when it comes to the film, but ... oh wait, I just did. My advice to anyone who reads this is for you to go out and buy 4 or 5 copies of "Trojan Warrior", tape them together, and use the paper, such as this movie is very bad.
