One of the most romance films that are widely used and this is: A very worried person loves a sick woman, who turns her life before she dies. Sometimes this story is done well and in fact (as in "Theory of Flight", weepie better), but it is often done as it is here, where the most common heroine dies for "Old Movie Diseases". You know, the last disease that has no symptoms but the smell of despair and the need to sleep if you tell your partner to be forever; and your faces are not affected slightly (and since this is 70, neither does your sex life work). This is one of the worst versions of the story, where the silly script puts two uninvited and uninformed characters together, and plays with actors who have the sea completely. This has become the worst performance of Al Pacino's work, and I say that after seeing the "Devil Advisor" two days ago! He has a controlling car, controlling, and playing bad behavior as living. He always seems to wonder why he sits next to the restaurant Marthe Keller (and so the audience), and uses more than just a movie ... standing there, usually with his mouth dependent. The only time he shows any sign of life is the end, where his behavior proves that he has been transformed from joining and opening to make the worst of the West Mae. Hey, it was seven years! Marthe Keller is very similar to the love of death involved; His character was conceived as a nerve and free and touch and without restraint and full of life though dying, and it is possible to play with an actress and understanding, say, Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie. Instead, they got an infinite face with a strong emphasis on Germany's Ms Keller, who comes as a horrible type of Teutonic ("You VILL eat omelet!") Than anything like to be loved. He has to fix Pacino and fill him with courage and all, but it does not work that way, it is more like he connects his mistakes in the worst possible way. This makes it one of the most beautiful romances in the history of the film, where you cannot believe that she will have someone who feels worthless, and you can't believe that she has a very high nerve. <Br /> <br /> Other films of bad films call this tribal ethnicity, especially because of the monitoring of Pacino's "Liberation" Mae West copying. The area is screaming, especially in context, but it is not worth staying through all the film. No, just see the film if you're a very bad movie aficionado who is particularly interested in reading a serious shortage of Chemistry among leading administrators, or very Casting (not only it leads to terrible, but another partner Pacino is playing with an actor who looks to he seems to like Keller for short hair, quite confused. This is not one of the minute-minute movies like "winner", it's just a real, very bad movie. <br /> <br />
