Hagen's "Working Responsibility" is a typical book in many university training courses. In the book, Hagen offers two different ways of developing character as an actor: Presentation technique, and a representative approach. In the presentation process, the actor takes into account the characteristic as much as possible, by introducing emotional aspects from the actor's own life. In the form of Representative, the actor tries to show the effect of emotions, to a large degree of movement and voice control. The Way of Representation method was still a part to know when this hamlet took place. The British Theater has a long history of this style, and Olivier can say that he is the last king of the School of Representatives. It has never been good for this school to do, or for this movie. Almost every actor today uses the presentation method. For the modern eye, the delivery of the very stylozed of Olivier, full and hard. Instead of making a hammered inside Hamlet, Olivier made the bullhorn's self-disclosure, self-dane of the melancholy-style style that would have done well on the backs of the great London movies, but also a very small amount of modern Hamlet. <br /> And so the movie creates together without beauty today. Olivier's direction of e-nun-ci-ate makes a line of Hamlet without surprising funny: "Instead, you must ac-quire and get-tempr-ance that can give ... Smooth-ness!" Instead of crying when he met the spirit of his father (as any actor can afford), the filling lights of Olivier's students give us that feeling. Eileen Herlie is the only other character in this Hamlet, putting a good essay on the Queen, despite the apparent age difference (she was 41 years old, was 26 years old). Other actors in this film do not have the opportunity to get anything of importance to be done, due to Olivier's tendency to put it! camera! on it! all the time! times! Sixty years later, you feel the safety of Shakespearean actor who has no courage to show the damaged Hamlet, and instead chosen to show the kind of Elizabethan cow. Last observation: "I would like to have a colleague as the accused of the Termagant of Oer, without the heroes Herod: I beg you, avoid it."
