People who really loved the Child Problem (1990) should examine their heads. Who can take the idea of ​​looking at a young boy destroying others and seeing it as funny? The movie is not funny, forever, in any way, beginning to end. It wants to be a cartoon, but the authors don't realize that the slapstick is not funny when people are attacked by bears, or hit by bats bats baseball. It can be funny in cartoons, but not in the picture of motion. The young hero is Junior (Michael Oliver) who, since a child, has been placed at the front doors of the adoptive parents. Families reject him, because Junior is going to give them a hard time. He is then healed in an orphanage, where he threatens militants, and writes pencil letters to a person sentenced to death by Bow-Tie Killer (Michael Richards). Recently he is passed by Ben and Flo Healy (late John Ritter and his wife, Amy Yasbeck), who die for having a child, so that they can be like every other parent in their neighborhood. Junior becomes a member of Healy's house, and "Little" Ben is attracted to him, despite the fact that he destroys a camping trip by losing a bear on the site, or throwing a cat to his "Big" Ben ( Jack Warden), a great politician. I think we should take care of Junior so that we can stop him when he sneezes people. Her new mother, Flo, is a bitch, her grandfather is quite selfish, and one little girl - who despises children who have had children - is a brat damaged. <br /> <br /> But what Junior can get to the end laughs is not funny - it's meaningful, cruel, and sometimes lives. What is the video message? What? Children should solve problems and violence and destruction? So that they can seek friendship by writing to the killers of guilt? They certainly don't have what it's like to be a bad child. Junior is not one - he is just a sad disappointment. There was a time when it was bad for children to beat others. Now, everyone laughs when Junior gets children with baseball battles. It's a shame that this movie has been sold as a "family comedy." What's the worst is that the Problem of Child Rated PG. What? What did MPAA think when they saw this? There is a lot of dirt and good quality here, which one can ask about the distribution between PG and PG-13. Children will enjoy this, but parents will wonder why it is displayed on the screen. And for many people, the problem The child will be considered to be a "pleasurable" classic; The film in which a person will say pleasingly pleasant, although the views contained, as made by the audience, are that the film is a piece of skin.
