I can't for a lifetime to remember why - I should have a free ticket or something - but I saw this film on the playground when it was released. I do not remember who I went with, what kind of exhibit I had, or what city. I remember how I was angry I was in this brave man who dared to play the film, and how half the people in the theater went before the movie was over. Unfortunately I have come to an end, which I still think is one of the worst mistakes of my life so far. My mistake was a fresh fear just before the closure of a baby demon gave her head behind the sign and says "Look at the Child Problem 2, coming soon!" That was hands-down during the terrible time you ever recorded on the film. The plot, if I remember correctly, involve John Ritter and maybe his wife (Lord, how I tried without success to prevent this film out of my mind) to adopt a "child problem." Maybe they think they can fix him, or something. I don't know the truth. As it is their purpose, they fail in amazement because because of the first chapter to finish this child is becoming more aggressive, more aggressive, the demonic show ever coming to hit the big screens. Forget Damian, Forgetting Rosemary Child. The baby takes a cake. The only difference is, we have to feel compassion because he is a "child problem." However, this is not possible since this child is the most likely of unbearable behavior. You want to kill him through the entire film, and when (SPOILER, if anyone cares) John Ritter decides to protect the evil child of the spiritual being telling him "Messenger again!" for horrible horror (like several people at the theater where I saw it did). <br /> <br /> This is the second movie I have given "1" to IMDb. Others were Superman IV, and for God I could not tell you what was worse. John Ritter had a quotation in the Guide on TV on when a Child Problem 3, which was not, came out. He said something like "The only way I could do another [Child Problem] is as if it had stirred my body again." Amen for it! I would like to watch the 24-hour marathon of the Academy Police rank than to see the twenty minutes of the Childhood Problem again. 1/10, just because I can't give a negative mark, which is what it deserves. Someone motivates the original parameters of this film, please!
