After a recent look "Lipstick" for the first time in a few decades, I supported it with the "deficit" though I have heard more negative comments than good from other film friends and flavors as different from mine. It is interesting to compare how the unique niche movie of Rape revenge has changed 32 years ago, from the full of "I Spit On Your Grave," to the tawdry sensationalism of "Lipstick," for handling The best issue in "Suspect." But the "deficit," though it makes important points, does not really give us anything new to the meaning of revelation. No, "deficit" is not done efficiently by image size and sound quality that prevents you from any important message that you expect to make-messages which, when closely checked, is not a destruction. <br /> <1 I liked to know the plot goes. I liked to see * it was "natural" or lack of Dawson's character. As a great fan of Rosario, I was worried to see the lights removed and the psyche disappeared slowly ... you know, the type of display DeNiro brings to "Taxi driver." Unfortunately, the script and the choice of the director / author does not provide any kind of reliable change. <br /> <br /> The big step of failure is the second act. It was clear what the manufacturer's goals were for this part of the disgusting club, the use of drugs, and the loss of big black Adrian signals (every white dream boy, score) from Q&A on DVD, but this trip in Dawson's character has never been released. We don't know exactly what hell does in half, what he does, or why he does it. Poor radio / video quality is no longer helpful, but the sequence is very small and useless. It damages any speed and investment in the leading behavior set out in the first act done well. When we reach the end, our interest has already decreased. One way of success which Dawson explains in Q&A is that at the end of the "revenge" event we are being rewarded, then realize how drawn-out and bad is the truth. Although that is definitely wrong, the situation is no longer worth the area. If you have a DVD, look for the deleted "room". This is the best 8 minutes with access to energy and stimulation (although all the words) and actually shows that Dawson's slowing for fun because he enjoys the poor attractions of Francie Swift, dropping a dorm consultant. If other hygienic items have been added by more than three in the middle of cutting, we may have an impressive psychological investigation of the effects of stupid brutality. <br /> <br /> As the film stands in the final cut, however, all we find is what we have seen before, just for most of the image. So?
