Back in 1997, I remembered that year: Clinton ban research, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, gave birth to a woman septuplets who won the Marilyn World Series. It is one of the biggest films of all time: a story about the Dreams ship, a boy and a girl falling in love, but their social class and their emotional commitment to the level of the ship's disaster. I can not imagine that the Titanic would be as big as anyone, the film is bigger than the film and there are millions of fans, 85% of whom are teenage girls and I am 12 years old and have seen the film many times. It's a love that Jack and Rose share in love is real and beautiful. I thought the titanic did not make any mistake. However, I did not see this movie at the age of 14 and a few years ago I saw DVD on DVD at 5.99 and it was a good price and I thought about the movie now. Is it worth the hype? Is this not really the best film of all time? Is there a real nose of Leonardo? OK, I'm crazy, but I have seen the movie again. Titanic is a good movie, the best film of all time, the good movie is based on your idea, but the titanic romance, the humor, the disaster, the emotional distances and the early voyage. <br /> <br /> The film Brock Lovett and his team are looking for the destruction of the TMS Titanic, seeking a necklace set with a precious blue diamond called Hart of the Ocean. Unsuccessful, they instead invented the painting of a young girl with actresses, wearing Ocean Heart, and Titanic sank. 101-year-old Ross Dawson learns about Calvert drawing, and a woman in her drawing to tell latte contacts. She and her granddaughter Elizabeth visited "Lizzie" Calvert Lott, and her suspicious team on her companion ship. When asked when she asked where she kept her necklace, Ross Calvert first recounted her memories of the Titanic, revealing her the Rose Davit bucketter. In 1912, the high-class 17-year-old Rose defeated the ship with her future husband Call Hockley and her mother Ruth Davit Bucketter, with the emphasis on the importance of Rose's engagement to both of them, while Devet-Bucker Debates: When they had the outward appearance of the upper class, And her mother broke financially. She is frustrated and discouraged by her engagement to the call of control, and her mother pressures her to go to the wedding, jumping from Rose Stern to commit suicide. Before she collapses, an artist and artist interacts with Jack Dawson. Jack and Ross struck a temporary friendship for thanking her for her life, and he shared her adventures and shared sketching stories; Irish dance, music and beer are bad when they leave the first-class official feast that satisfies satisfying for most livelige collection in the third class. But after the caller's servant told him that Rose was joking, Jack did not see him again. However, while her seven year old daughter encouraged the woman to behave like a "perfect woman" at tea, Rose rejected him and her mother, asking Jack to paint her naked and wearing only the Heart of the Ocean, from the call. <br /> <br /> They see the fatal clash of the ship as an iceberg. After looking at the ship's lookouts to see how seriously the collision can be, Rose then tells Jack to warn his mother and his call. Meanwhile, Call Rose's nude drawing and her safe spot finds her sigh of note, so he frames Jack to steal Heart of the Ocean by planting Lovejoy in Jack's Pocket. Calling Learning to drop the Jack Jack to die under the deck, Rose flees to save him and his mother. Jack and Rose return to the top deck. Call and Jack, however, are both safe and secure, so she convinces her by traveling to her lifeboat. But after discovering that she did not leave Jack, Rose would go back to the ship and return to Jack on the first class stairs of the ship. <br /> When Jack and Rose reaches the top, lifeboats are gone, and the ship eventually gets a jack in the freezing Atlantic and falls down the roof. <br /> <br /> Can the Titanic live up to its hype? I still think this is a great movie to watch, and I still think that for some reason it is just a lot of people that want to do the movie tray and it is everyone won the awards and everyone is in love with the image. But it has great acting, amazing effects, well-written story and looks flawless. Love it or hate it, you accept this film does not get a lot of hype of Kate's incredible ability to cry just in Leo's baby face or vision, this film is something special. It always has a special place in my heart, and when it was released I saw this movie 8 times in the theater. But next to all, I would recommend this film, which is sure to go down in a great and one-day classic. <br /> <br />
