I have been avoiding watching this movie for a long time. Before I released it, I wanted to do something with Hollywood schmaltz over-hyped, over-fledged, overly sexy piece and I would do nothing with it. I never saw in the theater. I was faced with disbelief at the 11 Academy Awards - even though I was never seen. Then I was asked to be a judge in high school public speaking competition. One of the girls talked about this film. "It's great," she says. "You really feel like you're on the ship." "Nonsense," I thought. I shared my feelings with my fellow judges. One watched me, "You may be right, but if you like this film you want to know more about the real Titanic, the film must have the right to be interested in her." "Well, probably," I thought. Later that eventually appeared on Pay TV. "Okay," I thought, "I'll see that." I do not like - and I did not. I loved it! <br /> Where to start? The first - to direct. My high school outdoor speech competitor is correct. James Cameron does an amazing job of creating "there's been" almost the atmosphere. The happiness of life in the world's most fashionable vessel. The news of the iceberg was initially expanded; Then the growing sense of fear. You can not see it; You really do not feel it. Then - shows. The major performances from Kate Winslet (Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (Jack) are fantastic - Winslet's superior, I thought, but both are good. I thought they were perfect "t" down their rich girl / poor boy characters. In my opinion, however, the stolen appearance is Rose's mother Francis Fisher. She is perfect as a snobby alistrak, and I hate you every time she feels and jacks. Then - details. I'm no expert on the sinking of Titanic, but I have a reasonable general knowledge, the film will do a super job of correctly reconstructing historical details and then weaving them smoothly on fantasy. Very nice. Then - the song. <br /> <br /> Who sees this movie and is not taken by Celine Dion's performance of "My Heart Goes On". <br /> Problems. Well, romance is probably very contrived, I do not accept that Jack has rushed so effortlessly from the steering wheel to the first class. (I knew he was invited for the first time, but he did not go to the first class without having to stay there for some time.) The reality of the division of social classes was more realistically portrayed, I thought the steering gauge was closed, the steering gauge passengers closed there, and the first class had to experience half empty lobbots. <br /> <br /> A little criticism, though. It's really amazing picture. My only regret is not looking at it in the theater, where I would have been very impressive.
