Scott Bartlett's 'OffOn' is pure craziness for nine minutes. This is a full-frontal attack of psychedelic, compelling, epilepsy-motivating flashing lights and colors, and the true merge of the first film and video in the avant-garde film. There is no story to talk, but do you use Bartlett landscape images? Especially human face and form ?? Estimating the order of emotional reactions, integrating this biological phenomenon into the highest-industrial form of modern technology. In a sense, the film refers to his tools, his machines, his technological integration of humanity. Stanley Kubrick '2001: A Space Odyssey (1968), and in fact, the theme combines with the HAL9000's subplot in the original series of images of the Bartlett. Close up the color of the front of the human eye Dave Bowman's journey through Stargate is recalled. Though the scenes are closer to a television screen, the final product is a collision of sharp, bright photography and growing gruny video, as recorded from a TV monitor. <br /> <br /> There is some confusion about the release date of this film. IMDb released the film in 1972, but both the National Film Registry and the National Film Preservation Foundation were given in 1968 at the right time. Perhaps this inequality reflects the time between the completion of the film and its first outdoor screening. Either way, visuals are clearly out of their time, occasionally a 1980s music video reminder, and some brisk techno music, not gone wrong! The 'offon' grind captures fragmented images and displays life from the warped perspective of the most detailed information of a computer processing. I got an idea ?? And please do not laugh at the definition of these free ideas? Extraterrestrial civilization extracting Earth's television signals can achieve such a distinct, extracurricular document of human life, a strange montage of obscure known sensitive silhouette, which probably does not have any coherent sense. Humanity, with his technique, ultimately moves towards the merging of the pure and artificiality of the film and video.
