The Shinjuku Tride Society, though accurate, is a strongly compelling film that attempts to paint in its uber-traditional state. Japan & / or Chinese gangsters (mostly Chinese, as the title suggests), but has already saved his first tech debut, and Takashi Mike already has a number of items for the films. Social Issues such as Black Market Sales of Valuable Goods, in this case are usually human organs in children; Nostalgia for childhood and one's origins, this is especially prevalent in Dead or Alive 2; Homosexuality and prohibitions (sarcastic) rape / violence against women; Blood-injuries violence. This is not exactly surreal like some of Mike's recent movies, but it is expected that he attempts to do things he started to learn after video programmers recorded it directly. It has all the features, and it is similar to the images that follow from it, equally savage and hearty, silly (spots) and its plays are great for apologetics and art fans. This story is a two brothers, a Chinese oratha, a tatashioto kriya (khippy shina, an Eastwood-esquire anti-hero / hero), a detective and another person-one. Wang (a definite pun in his time during his spare time, in which Karachi played a distinctive wacko character in his time during the main armor) and his partner Kareno (Takeshi Caesar, the bullying, committed to a woman in which she is sunbathe when she repeats only one arm) , Are the ruthless kind of pop-ups in the Miyake film. There is some conspiracy involving the Organ-Trading Scheme with gangsters, which is almost the victim of Kiriya, and the gang's tendency to homosexuality- with a small puppet that mainly targets gangsters. This leads to all vengeance and redemption, with the symptoms that Mike and his author are attempting to emulate from Shakespeare (hence the Macbeth bit with Wang's bloody discouragement, after some homosexuality "it does not come"). <br /> If it does not add to the same emotional level that has a great Shakespearean play, it is the same for the course of the film. Michael's goals met, however, in its lowest targets: a gangster film with a few hard family issues on the gravitational aspects of the encounters (the main tension between the brothers is the pedagogy for the parents and the task), the underlying sexual crime, and the dysfunctional gender, both sexes, mentally spells brings. At the same time, Shinjuz's Triad Society is more than a few moments of classic breezy black comedy from Miyak Ouyur. Some of it will have to be taken with salt in his worst case, initially with a chit on the face of the bit, or with the randecity of "inquiry". Twisted area. There is also a laugh-out sound from the young sex slave after completing one of the senior officers: "Thank you Mr. van-burger." Q You and his writer can not do this as a full-fledged dark comedy or visitor like this, but the fitting of the story and the characters to fit the dark elements. /> <br /> The first entry of the "Black Society" trilogy, as it was called, I was very impressed, and it was the best quasi-calling card from one of the greatest new artists in contemporary films.
