I'm not entirely sure that Rob Schmidt is worthy of being "master" in the style of Horror because he has previously directed a horror film called "Wrong Turn" and is actually a little bit mediocre but in fact he's "right to die" of "Masters of Horror" franchise One of the best and most spectacular episodes of the entire second season. The season has a similar underdog story, although William Malone "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" on his best films with "The Fair Hared Child" are pretty bad, but the right to die "The story of the story is cleverly picks up in hot social debate pips, but thanks to the ghostly vengeance, murders, collisions, pitch black humor and comic thanks to many old fashioned horror stories The book contains the book style of violence. After discussing about driving a home and continuing adultery on the last night, the Adidas duct participated in a terrible car accident. The cliff runs away from wounded debris but his wife Abby is completely burnt and kept alive artificially. Cliff and his unlawful lawyer (Corbin Bernsen of "The Dentist") want to plug her and claim the car manufacturer, Abbey's mum sets up a large media campaign to keep her daughter alive and blames everything in the cliff. Abby's hateful spirit returns for a vengeance and kills the people around the cliff when she is in a damaging experience with medical devices. After some victims, Cliff realizes that if he wants his wife to be alive, it can make him safe. There is definitely something I always feel from a TV-series concept like the "Right to Die" giant episode and "Masters of Horror". It is violent and gory with loads of humor and slow scenes of a sick and twisted sense. The eccentric theme and surrounding media controlled circus is still being processed into the script, and political perspectives or morality lessons do not necessarily resurface. The weather suspension and killing scenes are worse and disturbing. Both actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sidney also have pretty face and attractive racklings, which is always a welcome plus, and Carbin Bernsen finally reappears to illustrate an average-enthusiastic and eccentric bastard. Great "MoH" episode; Absolutely one of the highlights of the two seasons.
