Significant entry in the series of wartime cartoons featuring "Private Snafu". Target Terrace, including fridge freleng, chuck jones, and carl strolling, directed the audience from Warner Bros.. Invitation for invaluable Mel Blanc Snapu, and in many of the stories, stories and acclaimed stories provided by Theodor Geesel, which means Dr. Sass. The negative connotation of using Snapu's role as the basic concepts with humor and bright images is: a dope, a little twerp and everything you need to do. According to Chuck Jones, the scripts must be approved by Pentagon officials, but Army brass animators allowed extraordinary freedom of language and gray jokes, more accurately than the theatrical censorship of time - good for all <br /> While writing the title, this cartoon rumors are damaging An example of energy. This set Army camp. Private Sfuut LaTrine sits next to another soldier (you can not see other Hollywood films of the time) and their casual conversation starts rolling the ball. Misunderstood that we have been alerted to a bomb, then the exaggeration became a frightening rumor that later cleared the camp. Imagery is really obvious: an anxious soldier's brain is portrayed as a potting pot, the other is the constant hot air, ie "balloon juice." A soldier "burns his mouth," like a cannon, and it will fly in every direction before you know it. Winged baloney, at that. Panic soldiers wiped out the Brooklyn Bridge, destroying the Coney Island, and the rival forces landed in the White House lawn and in Japanese California. Finally the camp was set for "Ruma-Itis" and the visuals become more surreal and nightmares until the private snap is locked in a thick cell. <br /> This is the most effective work. Motion picture producers dramatized their background with wit and difficulty, and the message was still valid. In recent years, we have seen the wild rumors of all kinds of disaster events (real or imagined). As technology improves, private snapus of our time can stream their own balloon juice by e-mail, cellphones and blogging. Consequently, a rare example of the warfare academic film, whose most important message does not always feel at all times; In fact it could be more timely than ever.
