After a long time, a strong female director, Krishna Vansi's Shakti-The Power, a national version of Hollywood's hit Not Without My Daughter Actress Sridevi is the first home-maker. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor) and lives with his two relatives in Canada (Tiksulya, Jaspal Bhatti). There she meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), who falls in love with him and they immediately marry. When Nandini was a boy, Raja (Master Jai Gidwani), their family was completed. Sekhar's unhealthy mother (Deepthi Naval) is a pleasure to leave their entire life in Canada to come to India. And when those problems start. <br /> <br /> India is surprised to see pollution and widespread publicity everywhere in India. They take a busy train to reach Sekhar village, and when they finally reach the station, he must catch a long bus drive to his village. The dirty sweat bus with uncertain terrain makes it a never-ending drive. And unfortunately for them, a crazy group that defeated Shekhar because there was nothing wrong with their attacks on his attack. Fortunately, they die before he can do more harm. After that, they will reach Habel, where Shekhar's father Narasimha (Nana Patekar) lives with his wife (Deepthi Naval). <br /> <br /> She does not know her father. Nandini learns about her father. He finds that cruel murders are a way to his life. She sees the day she teaches her son to throw a son to her son, who loses it and meets her, asking Shekar back to Canada. When Shekhar was murdered one day, she was terribly disturbed by her ruthless uncle, causing fear in the strange land and her nanny was broken alone with her son. <br /> <br /> Outside of a number of films, the rural film is a rural background. . The only downside to the Ismail Durbar music that fails to be more than the script. Ishik Kamina is a sexy item number composed by As Malik. The director gets another pat, because he has collected some amazing performances from his cast. Karisma Kapoor's performance as a life and helpless mother of the film. She is sure to win awards for this hot role. The actor Nana Patekar is back with a bang back in the film. His involuntary habits take him to reason and he once again showed his diversity with this character. Sanjay Kapoor The film's surprise packet is an honest and efficient depiction against other actors. Deepthi Naval is also outstanding. Her pre-climax showdown with Nana is admirable. Shahrukh Cameo offers mild movements and is surely pulled in to get the star value he needed. His character does not really need, he works well. Overall, power is now the best film among many Chinese people, and the pre-release Hype is sure to get a good start. Power critics and audiences are sure to get up to thumps. That is why the film is essentially necessary to reduce at least 2 reels. The power still has the power to go without a hitch!
