The beauty of the film is evident in the great portrayal of the mother's love, the exceptional performances, the constant execution and the power of the most innovative script. The film tells the story of Nandi in Canada with her husband Sekhar and the little boy Raja. Her husband is in trouble with her family members in India (she does not know) and is impressed that both of them are turning to India. When they come into the village, he fears the wild rural culture of the country. Shekhar's family lives in a poor and most violent lifestyle that is filled with the murder of Narasimha, his ruthless, most dull and compassionate father, and women are relieved and helpless. Shekhar begins to return to Nandhi's house, but soon his father is killed by the enemy. When she wanted to go, Narasimha refused to bring Raja to India. <br /> <br /> The fierce fighting called "Nandini vs. Narasimha" begins. <br /> <br /> There is no particularly positive response to the film, but it is the smallest minority in rural areas, so it can also be correct. The play is fun and not one side as it has been provided on the positive side as well. Such horrorism is shown in the picture about any country in the world. These places are excellent, music is good, and directing Krishna Vansi helps with the most efficient cinematography and good editing. One thing to note is the very ear-pleasing background score of Ismail Darbar, which is beautiful. The characters are well defined in different parts of the film while we look at their bright and dark sides. Impressively realized throughout, the film flows well and is an interesting and very entertaining watch. Though many of its positive and intellectual writings and surprises are disturbing in some of the subjects, most positive movements can relieve tension. <br /> <br /> The film's biggest strength shows. Karisma Kapoor is very exciting and believable as Nandini. Her ability to achieve a balance between weakness and totalitarian emotion is simply amazing. She displays her intensity, impulsiveness, anguish and determination as a mother who wants to return to her son who feels her own son to this little boy. When she experiences Nana Patekar like volcanic eruptions, she shows us how she can become a girl child with simple women when she comes to her outbreaks. After Fiza, this was her most powerful performance. One of the greatest actors of Indian cinema, Nana Patekar Narasimha is indescribable. Narasimha is more appealing as an actor playing him. Patarkar shows cruelty, listening, and humankind fully confident. He is exceptional. Another great actress from Diety Naval, who is India's lowest performing actress, is sensitive to her character's perfection. Sanjay Kapoor is just enough and Shahrukh Khan offers great comic relief. Anyway, look at energy - it may be nice, but definitely must see.
