If the actors have any acting skills, this is probably one. I have never seen dialogues speak in such a tough manner, but have a strong feeling. This film is upset over moments. However, the film is terrible in editing. By adding comedy and lyrics, the film tries to go through the business line, but they are out of the place. At the same time, SRK is fighting with the police officers (comically). Ishq Kamina's song is rare. On top of that, the film is overly glossy at the beginning. The direction is not bad, but certainly no one can brag about. <br /> I have actors' very cleverly selected. Without them, this film does not effect. Karisma Kapoor has given her the best role ever since, she is very good on her record after Zubeida and Fiza. She is beautiful in the first half, and I've never seen an emotion and anger as well as an actress scream. To this day her weak written character is probably quite contrary. Nana Patekar was the father of his father. It's not too much to say about him, it's also a role. She is particularly spectacular in her final scene as Deepwater Naval. She does not need to say, her facial expression and body language is good. The other good performance is the little boy. He was adored, and he brought tears to the director's eyes. This film will be saved desperately by their performances. Sanjay Kapoor is right for everyone, but he has not done much. Shahrukh Khan is ruined in the role of his bad child. <br /> One thing that brought audiences to the theater is Ishak Kamina. The song footage and dancing are perfect for dirty songs of this song. And the boy Ish Hot is mad. However, this song is in another movie, because it has always been in the worst time. People might have got the film for Aish, but they do not say much about the wards afterwards. Hum Tum Miley performed well, but the suspense mood looked like pulling across the movie. Damrov Bhage boring and nothing to do about it. Dil Ne Pukara is a very serious song to bring the movie. Despite poor editing, demonstrations should only be seen.
