Unequal Bollywood play. Karisma Kapoor is an Indian lady in Canada who is married to a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), and his family members in India only take on terrorist fighters. The drama and tragedy will occur, and the film becomes a kind of my babysitting style thriller. The film is compelling, some of its song / dance numbers are unnecessary and unnecessary, the song of Bollywood song and dance really loses the role for the intensity of the film's play, at least once a Canadian love nest ?? Even though there is a number of happy participants in a comedy role by a magnificent Aishwarya Rai, which is ultimately wrong. Similarly, Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan became a happy-go-lucky drifter and helped Kapoor escape from his clutches, which became a very serious drama for a war actor, when his role was only on his feet? And his fondness about Roy, who created her funny dance ?? Will be distributed. His throw-away comic-book dialog and his fighting scenes remove the primary sweeping drama of the artwork. Nana Patekar as an actor is well supported by the cast, and the longtime Deepie Navel is best known as her long-time wife, and finally stands on one of the best scenes she has acted against; Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshi Solanki are the best of Sanjay's sisters in India, and the most pleasant eye candy are very good. But Sanjay himself is particularly awful during the obvious statement-libs. Director / director Krishna Vamsi's direction of style is discouraging with simple transitions and sudden cuts, but his camera movement is good. The musical band is a small orchestral ensemble (most bad little is made on SHAKTI's soundtrack CD, but it does not even recognize the score value, including score including Bollywood and Score, their soundtrack albums, at least not in most cases). However, Karimka Kapoor's film is Karimka Kapoor's film, and the intensity of her appearance when the switches come to India is in contrast to the sensitive love that Sanjay is doing in the Canadian scenes. Although the film is very inefficient, Karisma's performance sells the film thoroughly and dysfunctions otherwise. In a strange way, also, I'd have noticed the Curse of Gold Flower and MARIE ANTOINETTE both of which I'd seen before, although I SHAKTI of course found another take on the roots of royalty found a different kind of film; But focus on the dysfunctional royal family? Are living here in austerity in terrorist-controlled poverty in India rather than a huge megamomania of Tang dynasty of the elegance of feathers or feudal China? Several others are destabilized to seize power to gain power, a type of rebellion, or the other with a significant subtext.
