On Sunday 27 July 1997, the new science fiction series called "Stargate SG-1" was broadcast on the first episode Showtime. A spin-off and sequel of the 1994 film "Stargate" starring Kurt Russell and James Spider, begins about a year after the events filmed in the film. For ten seasons, it summed up the adventures and misfortunes of a team of adventurers known as SG-1. Initially, Richard Dean Anderson's Colonel Jack O'Neill (two "El" s!), Michael Shanks, Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping, Captain Samantha Carter, Taylor and Don S. as the Christopher Judge As Davis. Major General George S. Hammond. For ten years, we have seen a team fight against Gowlood, The Riplayers, Ari and many other aggressors. At the same time, they allied themselves with Asgar, Tokara, Rebellion Jaffa, Knox and Tolan. As long as they died, they never accepted the world eight times and never gave up. <br /> <br /> As with all the long-running series, they have made several actors changes. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of his fifth season. Daniel Jackson's descendant Jonas Quinn as the resident archaeologist / geek of the team is alien from a country called Kelowna on the planet Langara, played by Corin Nemec. However, in the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003, Shanks returned and Neem left at the same time. Unfortunately, he played just another guest role and his character was rarely said later. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004. The show's original actor and its most popular actor, Richard Dean Anderson, featured in the first eight seasons of the series. His participation in the seventh and eight seasons is less than the early seasons. In March 2005 he left "SG-1" to spend more time with his six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill is my favorite character in the series and to tell you the truth, I have never had any previous episodes in the past two seasons. <br /> <br /> The ninth season represents a new era for the event. Following the defeat and departure of senior actor and season eight refeals, many fans felt that the series was overwhelming. Regardless, the series lasted two years, replaced by Govall as 'main rivals' in the ODI series. Three new characters were brought to fill the gaps and Usher helped us in this re-inventory. The new leader of Ben Broder SG-1 entered the Comic South Air Force pilot Lt. Colonel Cameron Mitchell. His "Furscape" co-star, scenic Claudia Black, began playing a leading role in the series, a lovely, sexy, hilarious and perfectly exposed Wala mall Doran, former Govol host and con artist from another planet. The guest actor, recurring in the eighth and ninth seasons, joined the cast in the beginning of the tenth and final season. This cast of the Legendary Beau Bridges Major General Hank Landy, SGC's new commander and Jack O'Neill and an old friend of General Hammond. Over the past two years, they have co-starred with "SG-1" loyalists (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and have made valuable contributions to the Stage franchise and end all good things. During the opening of several first episodes of Season Ten, ratings dropped substantially, resulting in a cancellation in August 2006. After the ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream ended. On March 13, 2007, the "Children of the Gods" began with "Ending". The end of the series became the world's number one on Sky One in Britain and Ireland on Science Fiction on June 22, 2007. <br /> <br /> In the ten years of the series, Wind, which has collected fan clubs and surpassed the popular science fiction series "Star Trek" in particular countries. It overtook "Dr. Hu" (1963-1989) and the second "The X-Files", becoming the second Scientist fiction series in the longest American cycle-fi series series <br /> <br /> "Stargate SG-1 "Stargate" is the cornerstone of the franchise. In 2004, its success and popularity led to the production of a spin-off series entitled "Stargate Atlantis", which was canceled in August 2008 after five seasons and 100 episodes. While planning for another film, -DVD films, "Stargate: The Ark of Truth" and "Stargate Continuum" were released in 2008 and are still planned for a long distance. The third live program series, "Stargate Universe", is due to premiere at some point in the next year. (Unfortunately, the animated series, "Stargate Infinity", which lasted only from 2002 to 2003, but less so). Despite the continued series of "SG-1" and "Atlantis", the future of "Stargate" looks very bright. <br /> <br /> In the end, "Stargate" is still a new feat compared to these two sci-fi giants, as well as other major science fiction television franchises such as "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who" Years, come.
