Wow, alot of reviews for devils experiments are here. Wonderful. My name is Steve and I run miniature pictures. Guinea pig released on DVD in North America Am I writing a review before I ask why? Some people ask why they throw it out. I'm writing this review because I love guinea pig movies. I love them so much because they go for the throat and they do not go away. I have seen everyone. Almost every horror movie is man, argon, fulki, bava, butterit. From every underground cult sensation to every Hollywood blockbuster. Guinea Pig pictures of movies that I have seen and spent for years. Because why do not we hide the reason to see the horror movies in the first place. This review is for Devils experiment. I realized that I did not like the story that I liked. Why do I see horror movies? So I can see blood and gore and people's violence. Devil's experiment is not only distributed but it's all there. Pure undesirable violence. Yes, I like a story but sometimes I offer ten times the gore and devil's experiment. Why people do not bash it. If they make the story a favorite, thereby concealing behind a person's torture and death story. It feels better for themselves. We all want blood and gore. If it does not roll around a story it will be very difficult to justify. Guinea pig films have a historical meaning for them and they create a definitive splash whenever they are released. <br /> <br /> I am thrilled to be able to release one of the world's most famous horror series. Maybe I should not have written this review, but I must be sure again. My opinion is partisan, but it's not the same again. I found them and told the people and I started looking at them before the pictures I left. Absolutely it is exploitation and above but this is why we see horror movies in 1st place. Devil's experiment is not for everyone. This is only thriller seekers and gore hounds. If you are surprised by Jason Movies and Freddy Kruger movies then they stick to them. But after your next level and seeing it all the devil's experiment is for you. There is a reason for not being released for more than 17 years. They are not mistaken, disgusting and down right freaky and something to watch with your mom, except she's totally cool. Good luck, have fun and never stop to live your life.
