The David Mammoth wrote the screenplay and "House of Games," a study of a psychoanalytic character in which he was attracted to the dark world of the psychedelic game. Margaret Ford (Lindsey Croce) has a successful practice and the best-selling novel, 'Running'. However, she has expressed somewhat dissatisfaction with her personal life; There she neither defines nor resolves the vacuum, and it makes her weakness neat. One patient, Billy Hawne (Steven Goldstein), owes some of the gamblers a large sum of money and decides to intervene on his behalf if he does not pay him to kill him. This carries her to the "House of Games" where she meets Mike (Joe Montegna), which she destroys her world at any time before she gets over her. Instead of 'twenty-five big' on what Billy says, Mike shows her book and turns it into eight hundred dollars. And he agrees to wipe Mike Slat if he'll agree with Mike, a simple favor, which will be a card game he's going to be back in the room. In the middle of a big hand, Mike will leave the room for a few minutes; When he was gone, her job was to look for `Tell 'one of the other players. At this time, Margaret is not only, but the audience, as well, is hooked. Dialogue, and mammoth's exclusive style and the mesmerizing rhythms of his actors deliver their lines. Mike Margaret is led by his compelling, surrealist state, and we are wiping out with her, introducing her con musical intricacies. From that very first memorable encounter, when he was told and when it showed how it worked, the lessons of 'little kam', the film's excellent climax, continued to be an unwanted emergency situation. And it can not be seen. Eventually, Margaret is about life and human nature, and she learns some difficult lessons about her. Her changes; And I do not know if it's good. Montegana is completely inspired in this movie; He gives each nuance to a complex character, that he will be able to lead you into the shadows, and will. Crauss also turns out to be the best performance; You feel strong and tough chaos under the calm, self-assured external postures, and you feel how deeply it penetrated when her experiences with Mike provoked her change. She believes she believes in what she does, and makes you understand it. Dynamic Assistant Cast Mike Nassebum (Joey), Lilia Scala (Dr. Litour), J.T. Walsh (The Businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). `House of House 'is a Quantacious Mammoth; He has written and directed a number of high-profile caribur dramas and movies and will be further rewarded in the future. But this film defines him. And you can go to dictionary and see it. You will get it "perfect". This is a great movie you do not want to miss. I rate this one 10/10.
