This new twilight zone's good episode has actually interesting ideas and intellectual stories (two of which are based on short stories). "Test Day" is not known for years, but at one time they have cake candles, there are huge TV-looking "phones" that are distributed only to double and older people, like many other amusing machines. And the test day, 12 year olds must necessarily participate in a public-needed IQ test. Kid has this story, Dick Jordan (David Mendenhall) is just celebrating his own 12th birthday and has been a smart kid, so he's easy to take friends on the test and he is eager to take on the test and his school classes based on him. His parents (Christopher Alford and Elizabeth Northam), on the other hand, say he does not want his birthday wish to get a good score, and their cause is that he is capable and no need for anxiety, which they are pretty apprehensive of. I'm no one in the end, but I say this - I have a thing to know why the test will face a lot of enthusiasm, why is that evening so heavy: that evening (or another?) Ask his parents whether he would like to watch tv all night. By today's standards, he is reading because he is not worth reading and he is proud of what ... but why should his family ask this question? Encouraged and discouraged in the future reminded me of part of the atmosphere from Harrison Bergenen (I heard it did not get a great adaptation to the screen). I only want them to provide an early and closing story to help the person in the power to make this theme stronger. I found it better than the short story based on. A 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeil), was suffering from a fever from unclean water, and I did not read the subject "a message from subscription." Always in his Massachusetts hometown ... but with a similar fever, a young Puritan woman suffering from Charity Payne, (Kerry Noonan). Him. This is very common for what happened in 1985, but the connection does not exist. Charity is interesting about the records and sounds of about 1985 and they enjoy encouraging classes in school enough that every other company, especially Peter, felt always felt alone from other students, even he was staying in the same place. Charity reveals a part of these experiences to a friend, although the fact that 13 colonies are a symbol of tension from England and the fact that she escapes death from the fever is an unexpected turn in 1700 is very common). Try to learn two ways to save her. The ending is sad but it has an interesting final moment that makes it touching. Both episodes of both episodes have both pain or both, with a lesson / warning, rod sterling drops, keeps entertainment, entertainment, knowledge and wisdom better. Maybe this is no theme for 3/4, but somehow I think all Stirling's staff would have been approved.
