Jim Carrey returned to the same role he played in The Mask, a weak guy trying to get ahead of the world but is unlucky. When he tries to be unhappy with a homeless man who is a group of hoodlums (and of course they are Mexican, must be clear), his fellow man runs to his good works. In that case, he is not too hard to guess about having a furious hoodlums, but I'd like that the film should not be ignored by such things. I remember the episode of Michael Moore's amazing The Truth Truth, a man lying on the pavement and pretending to die and see who really can stop and make sure he is okay. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey Bruce plays a part of Nolan's role as a good guy who says that he has been repeated in his entire life. Rather. Or better, seems to be broken with unfortunate sadness as a meteor entry into the atmosphere (Bruce is surprisingly a small metaphor when it finds a huge news story in the film). Bruce is almost 40 years old and a place to be a news reporter with some sort of news reports he's doing as he's a local bakery seeking to bake the world's biggest cookie to show it all. He's not going to get a head anchor job at the TV station, but he listens to the job went to his rival colleague and loses his cool on live TV. You should like to know what the news of this news is for seconds before his first live report. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman performs a spectacular show like a human being, demonstrating a god who reflected his infinite knowledge a little. By Freeman's huge talent as an actor. There are times when you have some kind of manual labor slow down and slow to work, as if he was a kind of god who took his job very seriously, but advised his followers (as well as this movie audience). I love his line that the most delightful people in the world come to smelling the high heaven home at the end of the day. There are people in the world (probably more than our share) who are absorbed by their money and their assets and their jobs and everything they've completely lost to touch their natural side of humans <br /> <br /> One of the biggest life is that this film is great for people to improve their lives Can provide suggestions, and this message is clear and clear, regardless of the viewer's religion Dayogyamainadi. I, for example, see God and Satan as metaphors of various forms of nature and mental psychology, to reject all forms of organized religion and to real people who have lived and lived forever. But I can appreciate the messages I have given, even though I do not believe that I am a janitor in the universe or as a white wardrobe who has been floating on the floor of his downstairs in his spare time <br /> <br /> Movies of Jim Carrey show these amazing consequences, connecting them all You can see how far he has come Tavatini improves. If you compared Bruce Almighty with movies such as Ace Ventura (both I loved, by the way) or he did so much before he came into the film, it's amazing how far he came away. From the cheerful TV comedy to cheesy comedy films, he was really intelligent and meaningful with the film Truman Show, Man on the Moon, and The Majestic (The Ever Majestic). <br /> <br /> Jennifer Aniston once again gave a nice touch to the film (just as she did in her role), Jim Carrie flashed out of her former cheesy comedy, Bruce's Girlfriend, asking Bruce to marry him, The quality of the meaning or delivery of the movie is true There is some low-brow comedy in the movie that is not perfect, but it's pretty good to see a toilet and a whole monkey scene in puppies, but it's pretty good to see Ace Ventura's friend Spike It's always good to see familiar characters as Stephen King knows very well. <br /> Bruce gives you the power of God for a certain period of time, He can understand life a little better and he talks a lot about himself Helps people pray for him only for his own purposes As I said earlier, religion is not in my life, but I can see this and learn a lot about myself, what kind of things I thought I had done such powers Iginavi. <br /> <br /> The scenes of the news station are ridiculous in the whole movie, Bruce is about to be anchor of the joke, Jimmy Hoffa scene (the original birth certificate and the gravestone of the dental records), Bruce's rival colleague's camera in my camera Cooking of the local bakery in the beginning and end. Karryy should be a real niece of his Christmas parties and when he told God that he should be careful (he was a guardian, owner, electrician, etc.), about a drink and a ride home because he needed! The ultimate love is when he says that every woman is rolling her eyes behind her back. Just a little truth, and Gallagher is a surprise mother-in-law behind every great person. <br /> <br /> Bruce Almighty is one of the most memorable comedies of the longest period of time, and it's just straight to be able to remember that I'm anxious to buy on DVD to add to my personal collection. It's a good joke and a comedy performed, but with enough relatively low-faced humor to keep kids entertained. This is a meaningful comedy for the whole family, which is rare and rare nowadays. In a world of whips with another American Pie film and another scary movie (because of their perfect crude narrow ones are only scary), it's nice to see there are still people joking to look at it. Do not miss this one.
