After the title, this first follow-up film to Quartet (1948) will definitely reduce the number of stories to Somerset Mowum. The author still changes until the introduction of episodes, but at this time the epilogue is at this time; By the way, the script of the original composition R.C. Sharif, where Mummel is also adapted to himself, as well as Noel Langley (it is unclear whether they work together in each section or not). As expected, most of the staff members of QUARTET were placed for a second installment - at least three cast members, namely Nanton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Allemer (episode "The Colonel Lady" from the last two bit parts QUOTET). <br /> <br /> "Weger" is a church sexton ("werger") is a church sexton (although it is still a little bit more successful than its predecessor (which takes more than half of a little less volatile time) James Hatter) - the title of the story is another term - the new parish priest (Michael Hordner) Because of illiteracy. Despite his age, at the age of his own, he not only opens his wife (Kathleen Harrison's owner), but opens a strategic shop in strategically unpaved road-and growing in the business, which develops as a whole chain. Not only is he surprised to learn about the lack of education of Heyer, but he is a wealthy (and respectable) Tobaccoist replies to some of his other interests, with some caricature measure he calls for an aversion! <br /> <br /> The second part, "Mr. No-Annie", is perhaps the most interesting: a voyage in the ocean is completely overwhelmingly young (Nigel Patrick), while British is named after its foreign sounds name Kelada, which has virtually every subject underneath the Sun. Nouton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are two passengers to stay with him. He shares a cabin with his wife, his wife (Anne Crawford), with the attention of Patrick. During the fancy-dress party, the passengers make their 'vengeance' on Kelada, one of them decides to betray him (naturally unrequited Just)! Still, he is involved in showing a good side for his role - a simulation of the necklace she wears by Crophard, Wayne challenges her price to the patric ... but it is a real essay and Crawford's position to compromise, so that Kelada is publicly ridiculous Secret admirer will reveal the fact! <br /> <br /> Moreover, from the title, predictable, "acadarium" deals with many patients in such a place. The hero is a new intern, Roland Culler, who wistfully examines on different goings. In fact, the highlights in three different sections of the story - Raymond Huntley and Raymond Huntley and a long-suffering but devoted wife of a humorous ("feud" between two ages, living in a hospital where Finlay Currie and John Laurey), a dramatic (arbitrary relationship between an unsaturated patient) Betty on Davis) and a bittersweet (simple but lovely Jean Simmons and an active cadet Love between Michael Rennie, which Morell Simmons 'life', Rennie, only a few years left in him, the pair leads to the altar).
