Made after QUARTET, the quality of previous versions of short stories by TRIO Mugam continued. Here are three stories: The Verger, MR. Know-it-all, and SANITORIUM. The first two comics (The Veerger is a long joke, but with good pay), and the last one is more serious (such as health problems). <br /> <br /> James Hector, soon introduces his signature role as a hero in Samuel Pittwick, The Veg. He has a small conservative-type work in this church, but the new Vicar (Michael Horden) is an intellectual snob. He reads when he is reading the hater. Heyer earned some money, so he tells his wife (Kathleen Harrison) fans who buy a small news and tobacco shop. He has a good eye, and his store grows well. Soon he has a whole chain of shops. When his grandson is named by Hordern, he is surprised to see how his ex-wager is wealthy. Bank Manager Felix Iyer meets about Hetter's expansion of his investments. <br /> According to Mow, he met Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on Cruise. In MR. KNOW-IT-ALL Kelada is a splash, friendly and a somewhat miserable type from the Middle East on a business trip (about jewelry). His state room mate Mr. Gray (always quiet and right Wilfred Hyde-White), a quietly refusing person of Max. Max likes to enliven things, and immediately takes part in the entertainment of the ship. At this time, this story is actually a piece of the Mayon story but a piece of the film and Chain SEAS (1935), because Max tells a real piece of jewelry from a fake, spotted as he is real). <br /> <br /> "Roland Culler" Aachendon "(Maghum's Fictional Alt-Ego) - a writer and a writer like Hitchcock's The Secret Agent Jean Simmons is a weak but beautiful young man, including Finley Curry, Finlay Curry, as a difficult Scotsman with John Larry, a "war" with Currie Raymond Huntley as the second innocent Scotsman shows his internal anger when his wife shows his wife, and Michael Renny has a serious threat to life as a teenager, and three cox clocks have come to their conclusion: Finally, Simmons and Renny are contradictory but do not move deeply. br> <br /> It's Moo Proceed to the previous quartet, and look good.
