The story of "The Thief of Baghdad" is complicated, which is said in a flashback and the three different and equally important strands together. Conversations by Luzo Bureaus writing and Miles Maleson all kept skillfully moving story. Young King Ahmad of Baghdad was angry at his Vizier Jaffer to execute a man for different ideas. He finds himself in disguise as people jealous and hate him for the work of Jafar. He was arrested by Zafar, where he meets Abu the young thief. Both will run away and take a boat to the city of Basra. Spying colleagues when men clear the way so no one will see the princess of passing the city. Ahmad falls in love with her and she visits her in the garden. He said she would pay her time and kissed her. Then he was caught. When Zafar arrives to win the Basra's prince, Ahmed will attack the wicked ruler and laugh at him and Abu becomes a dog. Then Jafar asks the princess to hand and give the Basra Sultan a mechanical flying horse. Andhad Ahmed then tells his story in the market with his dog. Prince fell asleep and she could not wear anything. So Jafar sends Ahmad and his dogs to his servant Halima. He wakes up with her. Ahmad fell to her ship to meet a physician to cure her, but she was caught by Jaffer, and then the dog thrown overboard. She has allowed Zafar to take her hands on her promise to restore Ahmad's scenes and become a thief back to Abu. The princess Ahmad views; He was in a boat; Zafar sends a storm to surround him and Abu wrecks shipwrecked on a deserted island. Abu learns a Genie or Djinn who wants to kill now that many years after the cost of imprisonment in a bottle is free. Abu really comes from a small ship, and then slaps him again, proving fraudulently. To liberate him, he gets three wishes. For his first sausages. Meanwhile, Zafar asks his father to reject Jaffer; But Sultan performed a new mechanical picture by Jaffer, who killed him in his six weapons. Abu makes the second wish to find Abad. The fraudulent genie flies to the god who sees him. The Abu Goddess has to climb a great spider to measure the statue and climb the great web to get the eye gem. Abu sees Ajamah into an eye and sees Ahmad in a forest. He takes the gene to Ahmad. Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess. She smells a flower and forgets everything at once. Abu Bughdad, but Genie laughs and leaves; Jaffer tells her that she is affectionate and does not mention Ahmad. Ahmed Princess tries to fight on his way, but Zafar hears the eye. Abu finds himself in the "Legend of Land" that he wants to make himself "king". He urgently hires a bow and a magic carpet and escapes to save Ahman and the princess. The thief's time comes as a surprise to those who come to steal a young king from a stolen car, using his bow from the carpet. Jaffer tries to flee on a mechanical flying horse, but another shot from the bow will finish him. Ahmad remembers the ruler and his princess marriage again; But when Abu tries to make his vigor, the young thief is the adventure he wants, but it may be great, even if the great building and captivity. This fairy tale was given to the luxury production of producer Alexander Korda. The film was created by art director Vincent Corda, and Georges Perinel made colorful cinematography. Directors are Lydwig Berger and Michael Powell, Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Joltan Corda. Unusual and many costume designs are the work of John Armstrong, Oliver Mesel and Marcel Vertace. Unlike its beautiful and expensive-looking visual illumination, I have two other elements, Conrad Weidd display as Miklos Rozsa's choral music and bad jaffer. Rex Ingram is playing a genuine intelligence and power gene, along with an interesting accent. Princess Mary Morris is a lamentable and beautiful Hollywood and Miles Mulson June DuPruz, who is a well-founded and insulting sultan, is lovely and efficient. Like Ahmad, John Justin seems to do a lot of what the young prince in love and can do after some; He is also the most memorable in the role of his winner. There is a panorama found in the film, and I work in other Corda. Its imaginary content is contrary to very strong realistic sets, costumes and set-design elements. It's one of the most memorable thinking level fantasies of all time, worth over and over.
