- The film tells the story of a fabulous prince in life, but an evil sorcerer disguises him as a beggar and locks the prince after the wizard and immediately becomes the shadow ruler of Baghdad. The jailor meets a thief called Prince Abu, who helps him escape the prison and head in the town called Basra where he meets a princess falling mad in love, but he is madly in love with the evil wizard Japa princess and tries to convince her father to marry her. Zafar soon learns that the prince is trying to win the hearts of the girls, so he blinds him and Abu becomes a dog. This leads to the prince and defeats Abu Zafar and goes to an expedition to restore peace to Baghdad and marry a princess. During their travels they saw these old eyes of mine encountered with everything from a flying horse that gives birth to Abu Loo on a flight through the clouds, a really big hungry really hungry, and possibly one of the most beautiful sequences. <br /> <br /> This is a pure Phantasy film since the horse, jeans, flying carpets, and wizards have finished flying. It does not have any cheesy moments and the love story is not waste time. Production models in this picture are just amazing. Various dangerous traps that confront the leaders from the palaces. Although the film is over 40 years, production design is much better than the many wafers that are worn in today's film. Music and songs are also very good. There is no doubt that anyone who sees it is one of the greatest musical movements in the movies "I wish I could be a sailor on the oceans." <br /> <br /> I'm not a big fan of movies, because I found it as enjoying my taxes, but I'd be more than an exception to this film. <br /> <br /> It is good for me to see the film that you do not see in everyday life, why it's like "Tuo Towers" and "Silent Hill." Before today's modern fantasy film your mind blew without the green screen scattered all over the place this picture has come along with their realistic CGI to blow our minds. One of my favorite shots in "The Toowers" is one where we see the Black Gates open, the main appeal of that shot to me is what this great fantasy humans have seen especially in manual labor, and what I love about is Genie and other creatures in the movie. <br /> The images seem to be literally impossible, and they try to make a real feel like everyone else there. The producers of "Aladdin" got their inspiration. The characters in the film are pretty good from the carpet that flies down right from the tutuin genie. It's not entirely bad thing in my view since I know it's not only on Earth that have a deep and very exciting love for this wonderful movie. I saw this baby in the first homeland and thought it was a great thing in the world and looking back at last week. It is a true test that can withstand a great movie time test. Certainly, the effects are a bit bit old and cheerful, but it is restored in the 40th stage. <br /> If you want to see the live action version of "Aladdin" then you have to get your Gets. The cynical crouching group will probably do better in avoiding this since this is not the desire but this is not their tea cup.
