A totally beautiful picture, some people I've seen and then read me and still, the idea of ​​Thief's opinion is actually good with the passage of time. 'By my 90s my daughter and I have seen many times on TV but when I came to the local art housing film I went to films? When it was completed we looked at the chaotic headlines and Mickey Rosso's chaotic music for a few hours, and it suddenly was thinking of a beautiful world that came back. <br /> <br /> An ideal Prince Ahmad longs for slavery in his people, but to examine matters, but the evil Vizier Zafar has taken him to take over the throne to seize him. After fleeing with a small thief who plays Sabu, Ahmad meets a princess and they come to love in love. Along the way they love many adventures (not apparent enough for Sabu!) And love not only love but destroy everything. Special effects had to be mesmerizing in 1940, but did Time have taken its toll and digital cartoony also took direct action, particularly their effectiveness? But they still compare it to films like Superman 40 years later. However, I would also suspend the disbelief in the exact special effects if I wanted to stop disloyalty in the gapfever genes, flying horses and carpets! Favorite Bits: Ahmed dreams of being in the sunset garden when revealing his sexy song with Adidade Hall and Adelaide Hall; Amazing colors in the tent in the Legend of Land ?? In fact, striking colors all over; The successful but still wistful end of Sabu and Rosso. Both Conrad Weidt played the bad part in the most incredible film novels, and this and Casablanca, later died. John Zustin and Jun Duprez lovers have a great deal of great roles, both of which are short and refreshing, but the episodes do not call for a huge number of emotions: only pure love. <br /> <br /> It is a couple of minor violent films, but the rest assures you of a wonderful feeling of 100% positive message, and today little children can not see the romantic feelings they do not like. One of my Top 10 movie favorites, can I not recommend this too? It will show the end of time.
