I purchased Sunset's DVD before and saw for the first time a week ago. Once I saw it twice, I could not help before sunrise, but I thought it would be unlikely that these two films would not be complemented by each other, although the sequel was not so great, I saw them every day and I feel the need to look elsewhere. So, I ended up spending twice a couple of times over and over again, and how many times did I say that. The most amazing thing about sunrise before is how you develop the feelings of their characters towards each other. It is quite simple, chemistry is growing, I think other porn movies might think they will succeed on improving the track, but for me - who do not believe Norah Ephron - Sunrise really gives viewers the opportunity to feel before the first film. When I first saw 8 years ago when I was 20, I already liked it. But I did not rate it as a "great movie", it seemed like a good movie for another contemplative personality, the linklater was very realistic, it was 10 minutes long, well made, because I like a dream because I thought I liked it and I had their conversations , Etc .. But now, thanks to Sunset, I feel like I'm before that Feel more before sunrise than what was done. I see things more clearly: Jessie, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. Each of them is also separated by the element, and they have the chance to mix, the story is just time frame, I feel no longer manipulative. And with the freedom of every scene, as well as its refusal to be overly efficient, I did not hit it as unusual when I first saw the features! Now, 8 years have passed, and more movies I've seen, such as movies like Pulp Fiction or LinkLates's own slackers, have come to an end, and I realized that most movies are just a set of scenes. Jessie and Celine's story must be sure that Sunset is the best example of this scenario, but Sunrise is one of the few films, the end of which is only the result of time, each scene has its own life. I do not know whether they have a link liner or somebody else suspicious before sunrise, but for me, these two films are contrary to each other in one of the most exciting things about this sequel. Before sunrise I think it will appoint more stable angels and bright color schemes, Jesse and Celine seems to try to capture small molecules living around, whether or not the world is always full of hope or feel. Meanwhile, Jessie enters the attention of boredom as hard as speaking to journalists in Sunset before, and Celine's first smile from behind the shelves is the most hearty smile I've seen at the beginning of a movie, and then many shots shake me off to the place where I do not know, how beautiful Paris , And no matter how happy I can meet again. I'm sorry that I have spent this limited English in my limited English, Sunrise's pretending film is not without my scattered thoughts, and after that it gets better with an even better sequel.
