Several criticisms of this thread have been chosen to match the film's "Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone likes to compare their chosen images, but the similarities of "The Mortal Storm" and "Watch on the Rain" are clearly the problems of refugees threatened by Nazi Juggernaut, while "Casablanca" Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Science in 1943 as the unfair treatment of Humphrey Bogart , Because they were Paul Lucas for Best Actor Oscar Got together. It does not hit me completely wrong. A good career for Lucas (here and in England - he is the villain in "The Lady Vanishes"), and the show is his best. Two years ago "The Malta Falcon" and Ram Blane in Ray Erley (for example, he was the first rate performances, and both "The Lonely Place" in "The Lonely Place" by the author / murder suspect and "Caine Fred C. Dobbs received Oscar for his great performances in Captain Philip Francis Cuig from "Sidra Madrass" in "Rebellion" - for The Charlie In the Queen Queen "). I wanted to have it for the role of bogey dobbs, but it did not. But Lucas is lucky - he's got his less career-defining performance. <br /> <br /> The film with "Watch on the Rain" is based on another drama / script by Helman "The Searching Wind". They saw the solitude of America's spirit in the 1920s and 1930s. "Search Wind" is actually a "whole on-the-war" watch, "Watch on the Rain", which is set for a few weeks of "Watch on the Rain", set in a few years that continues our entry into World War II. Hence it is well-built as a play and is more understandable for its effectiveness. <br /> <br /> The film has a number of good performances led by Lucas, but the Nazi Fatih / Courier anti-Davis is Lucius Watson (cousour's clever and scoundrel and bored wife), as his loyal wife (Lucas Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald's mother), and Kurt Cache, Coulouris and others dealing with the Nazis (Gestapo chief of the local embassy), which has a bite dialogue, and it is true that it also has moments of poetry.When Kuala Lorus remains lonely with Lucas and Davis, the scene of the scene is that "the scene of the New World Old World Left ". <br /> <br /> One of the movie script and shows The Second World War was due to the strength of the films of the film, I will do the maximum rate.
