I tell you a story in the summer of 1994. In Barrie, I attended a Canada Day concert and I was among the oldest Canadian bands in my age. We arrived there at 4 o'clock in the morning and waited a lot in the morning and we were inside the gates when the doors opened at nine o'clock. We waited then, standing in the hot sun and slowly covered, but we did not care, because the mainstream was our favorites. At one time, at the beginning of the afternoon, I sat down and was in disarray with my back. I was awakened by my shock and anxiety by a shining girl wearing ryostatics t-shirt. To this day, I hate the rhyostatics. Reasonable, or taste, or really unless their favorite. My sore, is not it? So, I, in the band my hatred, condemned me the joy of whale music <br /> <br /> Desmond Hove has it all. Since he lives in a magnificent mansion wedged between the sea and the mountains (shocked in the area BC), it is difficult to say what he lost. <br /> <br /> With Canadian Criminal breaks, Dreams, Phantoms, and many of us lose our dreams with his past past ... the film faces a lot of problems. Generally, the lack of money and asking for help is unsatisfactory shortage (somehow the feature stays Canadian) leads to lower production values ​​than American or British films, and most people do not like to see it, it's not like an American movie. Later, Canadian screenwriters are often faced with luck, telling them how to tell a good story and say well. Third, they are considered to be inappropriate nudity (often full-frontal) artwork. I'm absolutely certain that I'm watching Canadian films, especially on CBC last night, I know exactly what to talk to. <br /> <br /> In the 90s and in the 00's, some films (for example, Bruce McDonald's work and amazing crazy) have broken this mold, and Canadian makes them with the values ​​and great stories they can produce. Such a film on the surface of Whale music. Deeper than its Canadian-ies, it redeems music by a deeply moving story, grief and excess of a losing person. And it also radiates rhythmatics. :)
