Nothing is awesome! It's easier! It does not work, and still does. The actress is in science fiction, but the film is also a comedy. He made a big budget drain for Natal (7.5 million dollars! It's the lowest budget, the independent, the best. The most common causes of Hollywood in making an image for the simplest, good old storytelling story and artistic merit is an attempt to use the most economical benefit. Nothing is about nothing and before you ask, it's not like Seinfeld! Usually Andrew and Dave are the losing couple. They live in a fantastically-looking house under two freeways. Andrew is a telecommunication travel agent, and Dave Andrews is the best colleague. Dave is tired of it though and he has a beautiful girlfriend who wants to move on. However, with the extreme misfortune, Dave finds his girlfriend Dawes's work abducted a huge amount of money from Dave, and Andrew is allegedly sexually harassed by a girl scout (Canadian Humor People!). Andrew's house was demolished and he could not stop it because the house built on the ground was not built. Andrew and Dave are inside the house when the police and demolition team call. They are desperate and can not escape, and the police are in blast and confused as a whitewash. What happened? Dave and Andrew are dead? They sleep in order to find themselves at home. No police, no demolition team, angry girl scout mother! Dave and Andy have the ability to "wish or hate" them. By the way, they hated the whole world. They are left alone. There is nothing around the house, it is pure white. So what this means is that the setting of the movie settings house, and then white. The film is human and alone and with a particular perspective, after spending so much time alone with food and water, they start tire to each other. They realize that they hates hunger, this is useful, but obviously things get out of us. I can not reveal much but I have to see the flying heads very much. <br /> <br /> This film is quirky, funny, interesting. The effects are simpler and more effective, and Natalie will lead both the films from Cube, David Hewlett and Andrew Miller. They have chemistry and work very well. They should have 90% of the image themselves and a lot of pure white background, and it works. I would like it to get the same targeted treatment as Cyfer, and it should look on the DVD in a year or two states. <br /> <br /> In this movie, <br /> Natalie has three features so far and I can not wait for his next feature. I will be close to God, the proposed nicotropism, ADD ADD is the victim, then worst Paul Anderson wrote. Paul's old buddy, run away when Paul gets round to your pad Like WIND! I hope and do not eat Hollywood like this guy Alex Proyas diet (enjoying yet pussy-footed, sugar coating, helium light: I robot!). Keep your eyes on this guy. ****
