The mantle of this film is for some time now without my imagination. We hear or read all kinds of con-text. What do you do if you are alone in the world? What do you do if the whole world suddenly disappears before your eyes? In fact, the final part is what happens to Dave and Andrew, two roommates living in a run-down house in the middle of a freeway system. Andrew is a nervous breakdown to say the least and is considered one of the biggest losers in Dave society. Why alone these two boys are so well along, mainly because of the reason they just have to turn when each other only needs comfort. <br /> <br /> Film troubles face problems directly from the beginning. Both are guilty and Andrew is suffering from mental illness and does not leave home. Dave did not succeed at his job and his colleagues did not respect him well and he deserved it with respect. They have to face the amount of problems they face up to one day and the situation is likely to be treated. It's too much for them, and they want everything to go away ... it's definitely going to happen. <br /> The rest of the story is Dev and Andrew in this world. At first they are amazed and learn to understand the features of this crazy environment and experience problems, but later they only realize that they can only do what they want, only what they want. In fact, we saw Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) in the whole movie. To remove this task, the cast should be more of a work, because nothing in the world can change the viewer in any way. Vincenzo decided to use a reasonable amount of closest head shots to make it more interesting and it works very well. Photography director Derek Rogers is good for tasting audiences by tasting the audience, especially seeing a role and reacting to it, but we can not see it right away. <br /> Apparently, this is not an event driven film and it is not. Many of the actions take place outside their home when they are moving around in vacuum. <br /> Now, one might be thinking: "How does nothing look like?" Asked. Well, it's actually nothing. Nothing the whole world is white ... no matter which direction you're looking for. The weakness of the film ... to look after an hour or less is very boring and events to make sure it's more interesting to watch. Thanks to God, there are some. For example, the two lads are not due to any features, and nothing can be done from the tofu (Andrew arguments) that can really jump high. <br /> <br /> This is one of the best parts of the film ... Product Designer Jasna Stefanovic is a pretty job in this movie, so unrealistic fun to see the house in which these two boys live, still these two are right for living as a place like this . In all, the product design makes it worth watching the movie really really with no doubt one of the most powerful elements in this film at all, however, acting on the best part of the film. Both David Hewlett and Andrew Miller appear as professional actors. The camera is on the camera for every second of the film and, as mentioned in the past, there is no evidence in the film, they are really in the stage. Plenty of character development and some good one-liners, intelligent conversations (at times ridiculous stupid), which ultimately works - moves the film to really well-cut handwork from the low-budget region. <Br /> <br /> Make a little bit of visual effects because they are definitely worth it. None of the modern horror film equals digital visual effects and prosthetics. There are horror scenes in the film, and The Druce is involved in the scene, but it is absolutely fun to watch. Andrew and Dave are one of the best visual effects in the film at the end of the event that suddenly discovers their energies in this environment. They have the capability to avoid everything, so they can do other methods and things appear. <br /> <br /> "Nothing" is a bright and well-lit film, which promotes their idea of ​​the fact that it really died (one of their theories), but "Nothing" is a comedy and it slowly destroys its own theory. They do not know where they are. We do not know whether they will come out anytime, because the movie ends before it's gone. The end, by the way, is not as good as it's been. It's not easy to predict what's going to happen, and some of the events that still help the writers make a little more interesting and ultimately it's a satisfactory satisfaction. <br /> "Man", "Kill Bill", "Cube", "Epoch" and other movies and "Nothing" to you. It's really a compound of different styles, still no other film (at least I know) nothing really like it. Vincenzo Natalie talked about how he came with Cube's story to people who recounted the original cube production commentary on its DVD. He was about him and André Bijelic at one time room members and in this very dull room, "Nothing" was the screen version of the cube story source, and it was almost one of the Cube prequels, hoping to get both out. <br /> What can I say? I enjoyed "Nothing", a great movie and the different parts of the film have been made better for tons of good ideas, and I'm losing a movie and I have problems finding out exactly what ... if we have "Nothing 2" I can answer the question. "Nothing" is a great movie, but it's not as good as I expected. <br /> <br />
