When it comes to, it is in good condition in the art music movie entertainment program. James Cognie is much more fun to date, as he has played a major role as a musical Prolog producer in the series of cyclones, approaching all the storms by his faithful "Girl Friday" by Jon Blondel. <br /> <br /> Busby Berkeley also has a number of musical figures in the final. <br /> This is a pretty strange picture. I mean one of those numbers, you got Billy Barty running around dealing with a lovable toddler, doing all sorts of weird stuff. Ruby Keizer has smile smile on her face all the time, but at least she does not need to act like some of the later unfortunate movies. Dick Powell does not expect you to be the hardest person to watch him in this film; Apparently all the rigid man power was assigned to Star Cognizant. For Cagni, the concerts start at his high speed and at the same time fascinating and annoying. Sometimes it spends some time. You come out and say, "Hey! I got a great idea for a prolog, women are cigarettes, and they come out of the pack!" Oh, we did last month! " It's funny but it gets a bit repetitive. He comes out in the moments where the bad girl, Ruth Donnelly, get tough with the role of some cognizant gangster founded. In fact, gangster director William Keighley is credited with dialogue coaching, though Cognney and Blondell seem to be doing something very "Street", although the characters are not criminal. <br /> The numbers ... what can you say? They were lonely and fun, and Berkeley was really tough to use the human body and geometry. But none of them really understood. This means "honeymoon hotel", nothing more or less. And the overall performance of the integration comes immediately, because the characters in the show do things that are not congratulated by the theater audience, such as movie films. For example, in a newspaper, they will have good print on such topics. The whole thing can only be in the movie, so live performances are as ridiculous. <br /> <br /> I think it would be somewhat less likely to criticize audiences more than ten years or longer, for this is a very polished production. His amazing dance skills, and he can really share the stage with the dancer as a keeler. Cogni and Blondel have an amazing chemistry and their scenes are very good. The music I say is only mediocre, but it is very happy to repeat. Bacon's direction is generally quite correct but never interesting. The entertainment value of this film is undoubtedly and it also picked up some nostalgic value along the way. It has a lot of cut on the "movie" of the 30s movies.
