On top of it, James Cogny's charm and strength or close is Busy Berkeley's three Grand Shoestappers mouths comes out of the early exceptions which is hard to say. I told the football tide parade that I was the most ridiculous of the first thirty musical stories. Although the film is apparently Cognizant, Jon Blondel adds in line with the good-natured heroes. <br /> <br /> What is the story story? This is about Chester Kent (Cogné), who produces music and is now just coming out of the business of Talkies. He starts doing Prologos, live music entertainment that gives on stage before a movie starts. He gets big ideas and makes them more, moving them across the country. He needs a ball of fire and thoughts, and all the ideas he can generously get to keep producing these things. But the opponent spies on him and steals his ideas; Non Prescott (Blondel), his wise-cracking secretary, loves him but is too busy; Black-rimmed, round glasses (Ruby Keeler) is an opportunity to dance an office girl; His wife said that she did not divorce her; A golden-digger arranges his hooks; His partners are betraying him ... my gosh, what's next? It is very difficult to digest everything, but cognizable is bouncing, striping, striking, finger-snapping, barking orders and occasionally faster - to show how a large number of he singing and dancing or both are done. <br /> <br /> "We need to build three shows in three days, so that the doors are locked and start rehearsing." These three super prologos 40 choreens are going to show excellent effects and the great deal of dealing with Forty Kent units in Deluxe movies ... Apollo Movie House Circuit! The pain of the feet, but the skimpy costumes are all that unbilled chorines (An Sotern and Dorothy Lamour; you spot Sothern quickly but Lamour is more normal) to stay on course, giggle and regrettably watching and unusual unsweaty. <br /> <br /> The Prayol is a Chester's skin to protect the owner of the Apollo Circuit, or not later, in the special film films, the same night after the other. <br /> First, there is a "Honeymoon Hotel" with Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler on the 9th date, with doors and brides with brides and groom (some may marry), bedrooms and bedding, and "do not disturb" signs. Later Warner Bros. accountants worry about bankruptcy, probably through the next theater and 11 minutes "through the waterfall". Dozens of Egyptians, trees, fountains and a large pool with Waterslides - this number is very high. By doing all sorts of synchronization, human designs, legs and hands - Berkeley pulls all of his surface - he is standing under water under water and watching many underwater photos. The girls are definitely the game. They laugh with water in their eyes and touch their marks. The whole thing should be very difficult and worse. Ruby Keiler, who has quick shots in the water, is the only person who looks a bit cautious. <br /> <br /> Finally, the smash conclusion ... With 11 minutes Kecker dances and singing with the keys to "Shanghai Lill" with all the customers and their customers. Cogni and Keiller dance in a dance bar, a table, dancing in Cagny fighting. Fifty or sixty marching like marshines are back, rifles thrown and catches. Then ... it's true ... Franklin Roosevelt and NRA are the human forms of Eagle. This is the only Hollywood musical structure Roosevelt, a large federal agency and a group of sexy Chinese hookers. <br /> It's fun, folks. It's great! <br /> <br /> Chester's Prologs has received big contracts and receives Nance Chester. The film is filled with juicy clips that make us smile. Ruby Keeler is attractive to her, and she wants to help her when she shoots her guns with her hair. Joan Blondel is very beautiful about Hollywood women, but has very little intelligence and personality. The film belongs to Cogné, who shakes it up and shakes it, and Berkeley has never been to anyone.
