Here is a compilation: Porno Queen Alta Lee (Lin Lori), her romanticist Max (George Shannon) was killed in a sexual Russian roulette game. Alta's other lover, icy lesbian casting agent Camilla Stone (Mary Voronev), offers an Alibini for Max. But Camilla has her agenda and has a plan with the seductiveness of the innocent actress Julie (Lin) again on the web of sexual mind games. While the identities of Look Lang were insufficiently unclear, the venue was a venerable vengeance for a very fine carnal encounter. <br /> <br /> The film is very obscure and sexy, curious gem, although very careful. Cult goddess Voronev is one of his best roles, and she and sexy-innocent lory play one another. Gershon Kingsley, composed of two original songs ("All-American Boy," "You Say Never Never Let Me Down") and Zenett's "Sally, Go 'Round the Roses" are tumultuous music composed by a memorable soundtrack. Theodore Gershoni's direction is sharp, with everything taken in the muted earth tones that represent the perfect commercial bubbling in the upper layer of the museum. The great New York atmosphere, Ondine (a friend of Voronov and fellow Warholtte) is a great performing tone in a minor role and Max's ex-wife in the exotic Monique Van Vorren comic sub-plot. Although this sub-plot is entertaining, it is completely visible in another movie. Nevertheless, it's gotta changing and soft and I have not complained yet, and it's interesting that the sex-thriller crank is currently being cranked. <br /> <br /> Trivia: Sugar Cookies are actually rated X (soft-core) and released by General Film Corporation in 1973. I'm proud of the original one-sheet poster - lucky me! In 1977, the film was cut for an R and was re-released by the Troma Team, which now offers non-cutting on video tape. At the time, Theodore Gershuni's wife Marie Voronov, and the camera was brought back to him with graphical homosexual sex scenes. She can also be seen in her previous productions in The Camek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
