Most originally produced by Oliver Stone (Associate) and Lloyd Kaufmann (one of the world's only true independent film studio troma, is one of the first films of the excellent creator of Lloyd Kaufman, the creator and president of Toxic Avenger, the prestigious Amsterdam Fantastic Film Festival, lifetime success for 30 years as filmmaker Prada Has iii). Lloyd wrote the script with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and expressed congratulations for Gershine's advice to direct Gershine to herself. But again he is still in business and because this is probably due to these decisions taken by anyone no nonsense. In fact it was interesting to see Lloyd's version of his own script - one of the world's most original, adventurous, experimental and uncompromising directors. But we have a film directed by Gershoni. And the fact that it is a strong script, or the fact that he actually causes his own director, Sugar Cookies deserves more attention than it receives, more intelligent than it is the most enthusiastic and well-designed movie. The shoestring budget small studio (this was 30 years before the café and his friend and partner, Michael Hergz, was created by Troma), the film is very expensive, a "low budget" look at all. I want to avoid those stories that Lesbian Camilla Stone (played by the troublesome Mary O'Rournoy) and around her boyfriend that she has died in a situation surrounded by a happy story. This leads to the series of plot-turns, mind games and personality reforms, inspired by Hitchcock's vertigo and at least invented. The atmosphere is much like a grimmer, and some comparisons of Nicholas Rogue's and the PERFORMANCE of Donald Kamel are recalled. This is the most original and invented romantic laden thriller in this combination, which makes it clear all the ending, which makes for a fantastic mutual sub-platform with a fantastic mutual adaptation of the Big Guess to Kauffman's predecessor and unfortunately not available for the most exciting and half an hour. One of the best films in the Troma Library is certainly one of the best films in the Troma Library, and one of the films that disappoints fantastic fantasy that their pictures are one of their list of bad taste. The recent interviews on the DVD include Cowfman Voronev and other lead female Lynn Lorry (later appeared in George Romero's The Cruzies), a tradition-fondness and some of the references to Lloyd's directing to him. Highly recommended.
