My former Cambridge Contemporary Simon Hepper, now a writer and journalist, has been criticized for eighty British filmmakers, often called "Thatcher Britain", eeling comedy "Atle's Britain", Britain after Labor victory in the 1945 general election. This theory is probably not intended to apply to "Kind Hearts and Coronetes" (if any satire on Edwardian elite) or "The LadyKillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob", but may not be political in nature. However, it can be applied to other films in the series, especially for "Passport to Pimlico". <br /> <br /> Pimlico, or at least in the Forties, was set up in Thames North Bank about a mile from London, Victoria Station. It is not correct to say that Britain's "independently declared" pimlico is said about the movie. In the seventeenth century, an ancient charter would emerge to prove that the area was occupied by King Edward IV of Duchy of Burgundy. Technically, Pimlico is an independent state, and is about five hundred years depending on the wishes of its inhabitants. <br /> <br /> In the case of Pimlico, the area outside of the United Kingdom and British laws does not apply. The landlord of the local pub, for the British law, chooses the elections and sells the law to sell the local shoppers to whom they sell, and is banned by ration laws. When other traders went to the market to sell their goods on the streets, British officials legalized the black market and tried to force the "Burgundians" and force them to pimlico. Many eeling comedies have their central theme, "The Man in the White Suite "Or" The Lavender Hill Mob ", or" Whiskey Galloor "or" Man Tittfield Thunderbolt "is part of a larger community. The main point of "passport" is the taking of ordinance of ordinary men and women and the rules imposed by the government, which in Britain has become a characteristic feature of life in Britain. The film's special purpose is the ration system. During the war, many people in the fight against Nazism passed the system of sacrifice that they needed, but it was politically controversial when the government tried to make it peace. The main reason for the increasing popularity of the Atley rule, chosen by the largest majority in 1945, and the establishment of organizations such as the British House Housewives League to promote the dissolution of the ration. I can not criticize the main aims of this film is the "spies" (black marketers), which play a minor role in the action or the Hussev's League, not all of them. Surreptitiously portrayed many officers and the desire to pass "mentality" or Buckley for "the rule of rules" and to avoid any action. If the film is made today, Pimlico remains independent of Monaco or the British version of San Marino. (In fact, this concept was considered a movie rather than a TV sitcom today). However, in 1949, four years after the end of the war, filmmakers had patriotic and British identity that had a strong emphasis, so the film ends with Pimlico returning to Britain. One of the better known lines from the movie is "We are always English and we are always English and English because we're sticking for our right to Burgundians". <br /> <br /> The general concept of Pipliko's cockneys is in contrast to the official attitude of tolerance and good humor, all of which are displayed as quintessentially British features. <br /> <br /> Most action takes place during the summer of famine and discouraging tropics, but in the final scene, Pimlico re-enters the UK, it starts to rain with rain. Global warming may have some changes, but for many years it is a belief that the British have a belief that Britain has an unusually wet climate, as opposed to statistics. <br /> <br /> From Stanley Holloway to Arthur Pemberton, the youngest Prime Minister of Free Pimliko, and a small-time local politician is a good actress, and is an amusing comic from Margaret Rutherford as a victim professor of history. Mainly, however, it is enough for a film about a small community pulling together, acting as an act of acting with real star performances, but with a nice picture of a collaborator. This is not quite the recent abuse of satirical and murderer, but its wit and satire are less effective for all those. It is one of the ridiculous residences of the employee ever made and is my personal favorite in Eagle Comedis with the exception of "Kind Hearts and Coronations". 10/10
