Danny Steinman's "The Unseen" is a simple horror thriller with very fictional stories, with no definite attempts at any turns or astonishing, and literally every cliché genre has brought it over the decades, but this is a bad movie. On the contrary, my friends and I were amazed at this obscure but 80-year-old shock-feature, especially from brutal images and a clear intelligent cast. Beautiful and ambitious reporter Jennifer Fast and her equally attractive friends traveled to a small California town to shoot a documentary on the anniversary, but their hotel forgot to book their bookings. In their quest to stay in a location, three of them are friendly and suspiciously enthusiastic museum curator Ernest Keller inviting girls to stay in his remote rural building. Claire and his most introvert and submissive sister Victoria have a girls experience to hide a dark and murderous mystery inside their home. "Unseen" can easily be described as the cheap and ultimately distorting blend of horror classics "Psycho" and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre". The theme was well-known and familiar themes that were vigilant and endlessly portrayed by these two films, such as Twisted Family Secrets, Voiarism, Crazed Inverted Killers and the most absurd treatment of chickens. Nevertheless, "The Unseen" is a completely unreliable and unstoppable thriller, and I do negative comments as the decade's great horror classics are not explicitly considered. Although the stirring of the plot is very fast, director Steinman tries to maintain the secret by keeping the evil in the "unseen" home as the title title. The casting options and acting performances are really what lift this sleeper than the mediocre level. Sidney Lassic, "One Flew Over the Caucus's Nest" is really the right choice for Ernest Keller's role as Charlie Chasewick, an overly anxious psychiatric psychiatrist. His persistent pleasures and the appearance of being almost naturally disturbed requires precisely the character. Stephen Furst, who did not appear to be in the end, gives a stunning performance as "junior". He looks and acts as an authentic disabled man and his attempts to reach Jennifer in the dungeon are not honest. "The Unseen" is slow and imaginative, but exploiting the 80s of the film's early 70s, and generally unpleasant stuff.
