Get this picture if possible at all possible. Will you find a good show of Barbara Bach, a solemn (and very clean) but creepy old house, and beautiful cinematography of an unexpected virtuoso performance? "The Unseen". I chose a copy of the film, because I saw "The Spy Who Loved Me" I'm interested in seeing Bach's more. I really love the classic gorgeous actresses and appreciate them more if they can work a little bit. So: We start with a nice fresh premise. TV reporter Bach walks on the boyfriend and goes to cover a festival in a California town of Solwang, celebrating its Swedish ancestor by placing a big folk festival. She brings her along with her brother and fellow cameraman. (Last Karen Lank plays Bach's sister and it is fun to see Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lam (Mrs. Dennis Wilson), if you know that you're married to everyone, a sister has a quarrel.)) Anyway ?? Bach's disgruntled beau, as she argues with, follows her to Solwang. There is still a lot of feeling between them but she can not see her down-canal football career again. Ladies arrived in Solwang to do their work, and their reservations were given away to someone else. (Perhaps to Bach's boyfriend, because it has to be thought of? Where is he?). Ask around the gals but not just nowhere to go. When trying to mislead into an old hotel that works as a museum, they must catch the interest of owner Keller (the late Sid's lassic), who is a gentleman and resorts in his home, and his wife is happy to receive them. Oh no! We learn that Keller is making a phone call to his wife, and warns her that the company will come and threaten her to be good. Trouble in Paradise! Women settle in Solvang to settle down and shoot footage and interview Swedes, but one of the girls does not feel good. Bach and Lam left her behind, and she was surprised by Ms. Keller (who had acted with a beautifully moved by Leila Godina). Is it saying Under-the-climate Vicky cuts off her dress and enters into a beautiful hot tub, not realizing that Keller has penetrated her room to inspect the keyhole. She heard him, he came to deliver the linen and called her grateful. Lazych did a great job in this scene, which did not last long, expressing the pain of a long warm Tang. After he left, Poor Vicki falls into a nap in a nap, but it's really fast coming out of the Big (through a really good, scary round action) that is clearly visible through a grill on the ground. Unseen! Lam comes home afterwards (Bach ends his argument) and can not find anyone at home. She fell on the plate of fruit in the kitchen, and on her arms and knees, her hair and fashion scarf stood firmly on the black floor grill? Attracting Unseen again! Well, the poor LAM about the time is getting her quietus in the kitchen, we get a flashback to the last of Mr. Keller's and get a full story of what his unhealthy, sadistic background really is and why his wife does not smile too much. Bach finally come home and wants to know where his friends are. Meanwhile, Laciac survived the afternoon's carnage by his seven-year-old wife and decided not to allow Bach on the campus to reveal the secret of his house. <br /> <br /> The last action of the calorie family tragedy eventually opened to all of us and he went into the basement. <br /> I can not say for Stephen Furst, who I have never seen before; It is clear that he has done his work for the role, studying the brain's information and the methods of expression; Bach and Goldoni, each in their different mode, just give the image a lightning. Not only that, but the film will be satisfied with a satisfactory resolution. No stupid cheap tricks, eyeball-rolling dialogs or patrickly cut corners ... a real treat to your collection.
