Dolph lundren is back! The detention is the first film Dolphs in almost 2 years, and the delayed agenda follows. This film is still about the dolph for Jill Rips, Agent Red and his cheap trilogy of stromocactor. However, the film is less than the agenda of the hidden agenda, which is good in almost everything. The film is compatible with Dolph's previous outing, cheesy fun concept. The film also has a refined dolph in a high-profile role, and the dolph is good to see his own stunts. <br /> <br /> Film stories are ridiculous and the main B-movie thing. A former soldier is now a teacher and in his last day of instruction, taking a compulsory class, some of Slovakia walks bad guys, and they have taken to school for covering a large drug deal. The film is not realistic but in this kind of film you need to be fun with all the stereotypes. If you take it too tight, the audience will be much less to enjoy. Thankfully the filmmakers do not take matters seriously and with the combination of all the actions you can think of and imagine, the film is great. Down does not use a very good budget. About 10 million budgets are not spent. It is on the screen with all carnage and big eruptions, but most shoots can not be imagined. The initial action is OK, but then the good movements are very low. There are some good moments. You car care through school hallways for example and a good shootout at the start, with plenty of destruction. The rest of the shootouts are very mechanical but there are so many on the screen. <br /> For the cast. The hidden agenda worked for the best actor in the dolph ages. DTV has good actors in the film. But there are problems. Most of the actors are bad. The bad guys are terrible, but the main bad guy is a kind of cheesiness enjoying because Alex plays it over the top and you can play it without reference to any evil that laughs in sincerity. The youngsters of the piece are actually good but they are playing such cliché roles. They all hate power, by each other and all bad attitudes and of course they are learning important life lessons, but in general they are good and Chris Collins is particularly like a likeability. This movie is about the dolph though. The film is not near him, it is not near his trash. It also suggests a turning point in his career. He is now back in good form and his next film Direct Action also has a good shape. The dolph looks enthusiastic here, he's doing his own battles and it's good to see a typical action man (like slow mo, a liner, and carrying out large arms) in the film like his usual elderly. Less skill and imagination than cliché films like Army of One. The dolph should look enthusiastic. For the past 8 years or more, his pictures have been tired of a little more and more than double (he does all the fighting himself) but a new streamlined doll will appear for it. <br /> <br /> Overall the cheese is worth the look and see if the dolph is only in the main action man mode. There is not a surprise but it is a laughably useless type of attractive. **
