This is a great entertaining action movie in my opinion, with a wonderful performance from the cool characters, Action lots, and Dolph Lundgren, but Alex Karzis is as awful as the villain! The story is great too, and I have found that kids love most part, plus the Dolph Lundgren is just this amazing! Action sequences are excellent, and it's like die hard except it's set in school! Plus, Kata Dobó is so menacing and sexy as the sidekick! The end is very exciting, and it also has a couple of cool emotional moments! However, Alex Courzes has not just cut the OTT as the villain route and did not feel ridiculous for my tastes, because I wanted another villain. This should be 4.1 higher then in my opinion, when I thought it was a great action movie, and when kids were very stupid at the time, they got so resourceful as the picture went along! Plus shootouts are very good as well! The ending is very amusing, and Corey Sevier's character is my favorite student! Plus, Doll still got it! This is a great entertaining action movie in my opinion, with cool characters, lots of action, and an excellent performance from Lundgren, but Alex Karzis is as awful as the villain, still I highly recommend this one! The direction is great! Sidney J. Fury does a very good job here with great camera work, good angles, and placing the image at very fast! Blood and violence is quite a bit. We get lots of bloody gunshot wounds, head-to-head knife, bloody arrow hits, a impaling, and lots of other small items. Acting is amazing! The dolph Lundgren is always incredibly exciting, and looks fantastic, as he is very much liked, asshole kicks as usual, having a great chemistry of children, has an awesome character, is very attractive, and he may not have shown a great emotional rage, he still has a very fun hell watching One of my favorite actors! (Lundren Rules !!!!!). Alex Kargis is as awful god as villain, he is laughably ott, is boring, and not menacing at all, he also has the worst out of me. Kata Dobó's side is very sexy as kick and fine with what she got, she is the real villain in my opinion! Corey Sevier is a fun mixer, he is my favorite student, and I started warming him in the 2nd half, he loved him! He also has a good chemistry with a dolph. Dove Tiffenbach (Willie), Chris Collins (Hogy), Mafo Cohoho (Jay Te), Daniel Hampton (Alicia) and Nicole Dicker (Charlie) are all great. Jennifer Baxter was the most beautiful and fancy guy. The rest of the cast will do well. Overall I highly recommend this one! *** 1/2 in 5
