I highly recommend this film! And I am individually recommending it to my friends and family here and abroad! It's with stimulating assumptions, I've already ordered online, I'm so glad! It's not until February / March 2008, but the wait is worth it! But first you can go to the movie. Nothing like the film-experience of the film-making film! Hold your local cinema believe it! I'm down to 'Seach, Inconvenient Fanacle' tonight, Down London, and really impressed. It's a wonder: a really beautiful picture set in the Scottish Highlands: You laugh, you cry, you move in different ways, you will be surprised, and the stories in the stories are exposed, <br /> <br /> The film is in Scottish Gaelic with English subtitles, But if you are not Speaker of Gaelic, do not let yourself go: I'm starting, my son, or there People, and by no means do not spoil us with it! Suppletes are not enough! Photography is great - there's no CGI here, and that's fine for the movie - you have real photography here! The script is so skilfully and subtly written. Many-layered stories combine magic art of ancient stories. Stimulating music at times, sometimes haunting, but always attached to the weather climate. And acting? ... and actors ... ... they are a true beard of this delightful yet deep film, a true beard of 'Padruig-the-young' and 'Padruig-the-big', especially if both main actors, especially if!), Who carried a very heavy load! And directing Well watch Richard! And are the producers responsible for assembling funds, promoting key staff hiring and distributors? Well done work! I hope that you will be distributed to our communities abroad! And the Gaelic community? Ul, it did not happen without you! It is said to us that the film is made in a low budget, but you do not know it, and I think it could be better because they have nothing in money, they have the heart's greatness, and the warmth and cooperation of the Scottish Scottish community. <br /> The thrilling making! Making of 'Seach', and heartfelt thanks to all the sponsors! (Many thanks!) Gaels from the world! From the world to geeks!
