In some words the whole documentary is totally impossible. Every fiberglass ground zero on your body tells you that the clean up through the last shot does not happen right away from the early montage of fast frame images, but each frame is real. Two French brothers living in New York imagined the story. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Noutet (known as "Now-Day") began a documentary on New York City firefight, starting with the "new person" from the academy, and the firefighter who was abducted. Their closest friend, actor James Hunloon (36), station 1, engine 7 and the firefighter, run through the Academy, "Probies" and Tony Benatokos's documentary. <br /> <br /> Tony jokes the jokes, and this close-family By the members of the station the insights of life and slowly learns. Firemen have superstitions about "sources". This means they are "white clouds" or "black clouds", and secondly, all kinds of fires follow "probe". Previously followed very little fire activities, but one day, all the fire was the mother. Tony "White Cloud". After some early growing pains, Tony settles into the firehouse if he's seasonal vet. <br /> <br /> September 11, 2001, A clear blue sky and a gas leak from Wall Street begin to call a morning early to go out. Since Jules has a lower camera experience, Gideon holds the camera for his career in his career, At approximately 8:42, firefighters use their gas detectors on a windows. Then we see the first strike of the day as the sudden flying off the scene turns into a sudden roar, and Jules pulls up. American Airlines Flight 11 1 smashing into the face of the World Trade of the North Tower. Pfeiffer attributed his men to fire engineers and they headed the World Trade Center. Once there, he asks the tower with the Jules chief. Pfeiffer tells him to be near him. Once inside, the full effect of rising disasters begins to show on the faces of individuals, whose sole purpose is to save lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Knudet leaves fire and walks into the area of ​​influence. Once there, he is influenced by the Second World Aircraft, United Airlines Flight 175, 2 World Trade. He knows with Chief Pfeiffer inside the Jules towers. Seeing and capturing unpredictable public reaction Gideon begins to catch a growing fear in the lower Manhattan tape. Within the tower, Jules records the last world, or 80 stories to protect their sons, fathers, parents, grandparents, husbands, friends, friends, each fire engine, 60 pound wounded and trapped. Jules also sees the ultimate glimpse of the chief fever having his brother, Kevin, who leaves his selfless duty. Also catching videos is that the spots caused by hitting the sidewalks, jump from the upper floors above the affected areas, are less than face-to-face deaths in flames and fumes. But Jules is dignified, and he always catches a sensational moment ... money shot. His work is his work through baptism. He sees the debris from the two towers after the second plane and that damages it by evacuating civilians from the fire-fighting building. Then caught in the fall of Jules South Tower and taken to the first official victim: Father Michael Judd, Chaplin for the fire department. As the Jules and Chief Pfeiffer dome depart from the collapse of the fall, the tower begins with its construction collapse. <br /> <br /> What is the most breathtaking and sharp scene for a daily document from Ground Zero as part of Jules and Gideon's work. If everyone is alive, everyone does not have to worry. When every fire command came to the firefighter, they brought back each other with a cheerful hug. And in a moment of high emotion, Jules and Gideon are back. Jules cries on his brother's shoulder, Giannann makes his little brother, Hanlan filmmakers. <br /> <br /> It is believed that Tony Benatokos, who left the station with the former chief, believed that he would be defeated. But once again, this "probe" proves itself. <br /> <br /> With only three disruptions, 9/11 documentary filmmaking has been a great success. It's also there with the Hindenburg footage showing in history. Let's greet the Nautes for their handling on the subject. In low-handedness, the trend is sensational, but Nautes discourages their eye towards respect and kindness. What Hawlin says is, by the events of September 11, he receives audiences and experiences his words. Robert De Niro organizes this program as a moderate, tempest. He never tries to camera for his own reputation, he suggests out of the scenes you are about to see. I also recommend CBS for their courage while doing this special broadcast. They were punished for their attempt to capture ratings, and they hammer their amendment towards the deceased's relatives' emotions. It should be seen to anyone who can remember what a true heroism is. It's not about a basketball dribbling or selling an album of hate literature ... 9/11 is about the best of humanity. Heritage is at the expense of its finest and freedom. <br /> <br />
