The baby boom began, and after the Second World War, Americans went out of their city apartments and saw an unprecedented departure where they could fulfill their dreams of owning their own homes. Directed by H.C. Potter and Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), this lightweight but surprisingly noticeable 1948 screwball comedy greatly gained the feel of that period. In fact, does it help the expert merchandise trio? Cary Grant, Myrna Lai and a special cavalier Melvin Douglas ?? Housing management deals with their natural likelihood of inequality with increasing frustration. Although the film is now sixty years old, there are seasonal quality for Blondings Dreams and the obstacles facing it. In fact, Hollywood has been rebuilt at least twice - so much physics Tom Hanks comedy, 1986's "Money Pit", and again last year's Ice Cube's "Yet We're Done?" With. <br /> <br /> A look at HGTV's programming schedule will show you how the echoing scenes will appear to you here. <br /> <br /> The plot man man Jim Blondings, his wife Muriel, and their two daughters are two bedroom-one bath Manhattan apartment. Instead of continuing to continue Murray's idea to restore the apartments for $ 7,000, Jim finds a photo of Connecticut House in a magazine and finds where they should go. With the help of opportunistic real estate agent and their counsel and family friend Bill Cole's advice, Blondesing decides to buy a rare house without repairs. However, the house is badly damaged to be new to this building. This is the first two times bigger on the second floor and stimulates blandings to hit the architect to build it up. With the cost of each new complexity, the tempers burn, and a romantic triangle is also assumed in Jim, Muriel and Bill. Priorities will eventually change themselves, but some funny slapstick scenes and intelligent conversations are not just before adjusting to the cheerful ignorance of new homeowners. <br /> <br /> Grant is a kind of eccentric with his double take and flawless line delivery, and Jim Blondings describes the role of middle classes in his pets. In a role for Irene Dunne, Mina Loy shows her the perfect wife of Hollywood. She did not get much ridiculous lines, but she combined her with a special mix of toughness and prowess to make herself an attractive character in Muriel. She deftly viewed the householder as an undesirable householder with an exquisite color palette. The long, pipe-smoking bill ("Coal ?? Bill Cole") shows Melville's Douglas Grant's natural, mild home. Smaller characters Harry Shannon Laconic well-digger Mr. Tesssor, as Assistant Assistant Mary of Lauren Tuttle Gym, and Louis Beovers are uniquely remembered by Blair's' Pretty Maid Guessy with Harry Shannon. The 2004 DVD includes some mysterious vintage materials, including two radio versions of DVD - the first one was accompanied by Grant and Dun, with his second wife, Grant, accompanied by his second wife, actress Betsy Drek. The 1949 cartoon "The House of Tomorrow" also gave a future tour of the future dream house. Grant's film has completed ten of the Classic Theatrical Trailers Extras of Classic.
