Kako Mask of Japanese Tomo Akiyama (1993) is a very fun trash movie and it's great to watch! There are some sequels, but I do not see them because these films are rare. I think that many of the worst lovers want these images because some people will be released again. The most important thing in the education of teachers is about a tough school that thinks teachers to torture students to get tongue discipline in the cheek story. The human wizard / samsara, like the Principal in School, looks surprisingly funny (just look at the robe!), And since it has never been explained why he never dressed like that, the teachers dressed in perfectly. Well, the main thing about the film is its name, Keko Mask, who is beautiful and masked fairy, who always come to save girls and students who misuse and torture teachers! Yes, this superheroine is an effective woman who fights bad teachers with a kicks and a fully cheesy soundtrack playing in the background. The most important thing is that we naked her body wears a cape and a mask! Her identity has never been revealed in these films and is also known as "keko mask: anne" when the actors are in the list of names. <br /> <br /> The most delightful thing in this movie is that Keko Mask kills his enemies. She is a beautiful, but deadly vagina! Yes, you read it correctly. She ran his arrows in the air, spreading her legs, looked at the hysterical eyes, and then she put their necks closer to her feet, and dropped her down! The characters are the most common last line to say in this film: "I have never seen a beautiful vagina" and "now I can die peace." There is some great appreciation for the Japanese community, for example the attitude of sexuality in movies (Japanese sensors in any film are obscure / obscure). Some restrictions (such as girls and boys are not allowed to speak in the movie) There is a scene, in which an intellect is the first time your girl-you know what to do Ukuntaro and "Hey it!" I thought, but I think about it, the Japanese sensors could help with this scene. The Japanese films will be released to allow a sequel to be eventually returned. I'm glad I heard the sequels are equally bad. <br /> <br /> This is a very fun, ludicrous and sensitive form of worst, so these films are much smaller. It's hard to find. It is definitely more enjoyable, it is less frustrating at one point, but fortunately when the departments are a bit shorter when it's too small. The film, which has the worst things I can not mention here, is absolutely confident and does not even need to say everything here. If you like the worst movie and movies of the tongue with a lot of deafness, I think I love this little gem, the director is definitely a genius in this field! 8/10 Perhaps a shining vagina is this lethal image only?
