Although I have a very low rating, the film has taken over, because I see how the band will animate the existence of multiple worlds. Of course, they are not - at least, so it looks like. Some people are cutting into the movie in a guest role - that's just the number of viewers. However, the surprise finally comes, and unfortunately then, perhaps most viewers already stop this film. I'm also surprised to see that the film's Brazilian-Portuguese title "Death in Voyage" <br /> <br /> When you see a girl who is alone on the boat (completely for unclear reasons), you can only understand in the last 5 minutes. When you start the movie with the English title "Haunted Boat" on your head, you clearly say the characters of the strange people are "ghosts". But in reality, the film is very horrific, from the distant writer-The Watchtower perspective, which has a distinction between different levels at any time, from a youth perspective. We can not see her alone, but she sees with her four friends because she sees them. We do not see her alone. Thus, horizontal worlds are not in the role of the film-stream, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the girl in the world and the 4 friends of the world. <br /> You can infiltrate the Third World with short-lived medical skills. <br /> <br /> Film producers with the film "What they did was that they had done little for SophoMore film-pupil with a wide range of" selected "fake-actors for a few days of shooting at night, at least twelve beers Dump how is it wrong? But this big surprise only finds in the last minute, k The girl is going through a helicopter and another boat, when she recovered from her shock, and once again visited her at the port, she climbed the boat together with four friends and they were back! She dumped her from the water, floating in the water and came on the boat Someone remembers me at the end of a poem by the author of the Rhetorance: When I was sleeping, I saw death on my bed, but I closed my eyes when I opened them again - he was gone.
