Nothing could be denied that the movie is well-made and well-thought film of Hugh Sew (election in English). The film that portrays modernity and tradition sticking to the tradition uses many clever pieces recognition? John Woo's Hong Kong films are a set of backgrounds that are packed in many packages and hard-footed (1992), and a rhythm of the theme from the story of Hong Kong films from the story "The perspective is that they can sometimes be stuttering and simply unmemorable, City on Fire (1987) is a good example. <br /> <br /> Elections are for the pure fact of its unpredictable scenes Strange action and violence that takes place in the pieces of 'intelligent' of the memorable image, intuitive and tasteful (if it is the right word) as well as the image making it difficult to spot during the view but the election really is built on a kind of three law: the first point of concern and the vote Whom does anyone vote for? After the inauguration of the law and the tricks how to come and some characters coming with their own ideas should be the occasion of the inauguration of the last third with the return of the ancient baton from China, no need to say: some events and turns are both in the third, some small and intimate, some big and great . <br /> <br /> In the first third, there are some mistakes in the election with a majority. It takes a few minutes to complete only trying to kill time around the election shows a hard work and many points for the authors and filmmakers apparently. I felt that everyone was being arrested when a particular scene was just starting to go somewhere before the police interrupted. It occurs a few times: a fight in a restaurant is broken, but police are there and everybody is arrested; There is a secret meeting about the baton between the Triads but the police appear and everyone is imprisoned; Some other trails have pre-election debate but police show and guess what? <br /> <br /> When I come out of that feeling, it uses a sacred lamp to move everyone. One chase involving a kung fu fight with loads of weapons on a motorbike and a street after a balloon with a good truck scene, followed by a truck, The scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent, but as I said, they are in a 'tasteful' manner. Its attention to the good details of where the electoral appreciation is. When the triads are in jail, the bars refer to all types of animals as sugar, which behaves outside of the conflict. Another good detail next to the detail suggests that other headgearers who use the tea champagne (the long good Friday) prefer to drink or drink alcohol rather than drink alcohol and to celebrate or commemorate the Chinese tradition. <br /> <br /> Elections are a good movie to be happy and a fantastic Mys-n-Scene film, like what you will see. Indoor settings and clothing are some of the buckets of style poured into search and chase intensification for Batan as well. The inauguration was merged into a full and better film, as another short film; The Chinese tradition in the process revealed. Of course, in a tastier manner, two shift characters are phishing and discussing the judgment of the surviving trides that are realistic, unpredictable and violent: this is the best of the scene.
