When I was thinking of cheeky pleasure-type films, the first thing I think is the 80s slazer flix. Really bad slasher flicks. The formulaic type of the film, 2 parts blood needed for all the script and several parts nudity. <br /> <br /> Flash flash forward for the late 90s / early 00s. The Slazer film came to the fore of the 1996 hit "Scream" success. As in the 80s, these pictures are in principle, and they lose inspiration by labeling themselves as "hip, tongue-cheek paraaros" of original slasher flicks. <br /> <br /> "Hip Parody" is a recent blend of neo-slasher flicks, low-budget, live-to-video "cut". "slasher flicks," cut "relies on the production of a slasher film, in which case a fictional 1985 film" Hot Blooded "to make its narrative of the genre.The movie 's killer has been accused of being murdered by the murderer of Swarm" Hot Blooded "has never been produced, has a mouth-guessing, close and dark, pupil-less eyes. Now, 12 years later, <br /> <br /> The scary team, in which the professor is involved, tunnels decided to go, press the original surviving actress, and complete the movie, but every time the film is shown or the scene is shot, In order to make them complete, they will be able to complete the image. <Br / > It is all bad, and a degree is that it is a really good movie ... No role is developed (the daughter of the original director of the "new" director, "Hot Blooded", was clearly wasted after the production was canceled, Accurate details, plot, yet it never mentioned again) and, like all other slasher flicks, just so much to care about There thalu. Actors are not even great-straightforward by video-standards, but many have enjoyed their roles (and those who do not have the unofficial role of acting because their roles in the film are not "hot-blooded"), especially Scherman's luck to play. The climax of "cut" is not "big enough" in the killer's pursuit as in the "Scream" films. It does not have the gimmick murders of "Urban Legend" films. What's it is original and interesting, it says, "If we sell it, we'll come back to this sequel." By any sensible opinion, this is a terrible picture to escape, but this "quality" is true for its roots in the slasher style, and what makes this other neo-slasher flicks more enjoyable than any.
