Like Angeloulos's films, "The Suspended Step of the Stok" is closely requesting a close and intimate role on the part of the viewer, which certainly contributes to the limited popularity of his work. Dialogues survive with any monologues or exchanges that reveal the contrasts of internal contradictions, doubts or feelings. The filmmaker likes viewers to keep away from their own emotional responses, instead of exploring the identities of their characters and helping them study them. <br /> <br /> Action scenes are set between long periods of time thinking, where an actor can take part in the viewer, by examining his or her own mind. In a completely dramatic novel on the playwriting of the reader's fiction and / or past experience to give a template that has been developed, his films include: Longer shots, his uses, more time, leisure turn into a trademark, and invite the viewer to view the viewer from his personal perspective. <br /> Angelopoulos is silent to capture the movements of high intensity, reversing the nonverbal language of gestures, gauges, sounds and music, Angeloulos's longtime collaborator Eleni Carrandre, not just the intellectual background but the dramatic content of the story. The large part of the film consists of external shots in dark and dark colors, which is easily documented in winter wheat. Angelo Paulos presents us with "other Greece", tourism brochures are very different from Greece, the Enerreal blue skies and emeralds, drowned in a permanent sunshine. Here, the skies cover and gray, the air cooler and the fog, and the ancient beaches have been replaced by dusty snow, trampled to the streets of the village. Analopolis camera is displayed throughout the genre of Angeloulos. <br /> <br /> "Stall's suspended step" is a political statement aimed at ultimately socio-political situation in the Balkans. In the twentieth century. It is very deep with the "boundaries", and the confusion among the nations. Stay in the "waiting room" facing the Albanian border, refugees, political or other, exiled by the rest of mankind. Unfortunately they are still with them, even if they are on a political front, and stop all the ancestral ancestral borders: languages, rituals and races. Although the political perspectives of Angelo Paulus are well known, the film directs any political dialogue about the reasons for the progress of refugees. In this process, Angelo Paulos strengthens us to contemplate the feelings of geographical, cultural, political and personal "boundaries". <br /> Angelo Poulouse is a Greek historian of the twentieth century, and he prefers to take lessons from Hellenic myths. In the film, he drew some boundaries between the Greek and Italian cultures, from the combined Homeric and Dantesk tradition of Odysseus travel. Alexander a telemachus, an elderly Greek politician / Odysseus, searched the story and disappeared and never heard again. This political man, an outstanding speaker, unexpectedly and unreasonably avoided his bourgeois existence, the ability to live anonymously in a refugee camp where his wife and his amazing career were less. He became a poet who expelled the world about how to change it. In fact, "politician" is not Alexander's father, but the "politician" Alexander precedes father's father / Odysseus. <br /> <br /> As with Homer's Telemachus, Alexander will rise as a person in his Odyssey. <br /> <br /> It attempts to recreate Homer's Odyssey in the contemporary context of the film. AngeloPaulos focuses on structured and backdrops only for his film on Odyssey's journey. At the end of Angeloulos, "Odysseus" is like Dante's Odysseus: he does not go for Etha, but "carrying the suitcase." And Alexander / Tiemacacus was "suspended" while traveling back to his home and his career or traveling to "another place". <br /> <br /> Finally, Angelo Paulos is a religious Although not the person, there is a Greek traditional religious theme introduced in the form of yellow-suited line lines, and to their fellow human beings Rpidini, and "politician" as the person of Christ. In the final scene, these men in yellow have once again demonstrated the effect of Byzantine iConography in the work of Angelopolis. <br /> <br /> They are religious stereotypes of "stilets" that have taken their residence on the pillars of their spiritual tradition, lonely and enthusiastic men. The true identity of Maestrieni's role is related to. Angelopoulos does not give us any clues, and the wife's statement, "It's not him," leaving a very convincing and sufficient vague. The important question of the film is not whether he is either a disenchanted politician, but he is a politician. But this film still ends with a positive signal. Conversations are still not possible on the border, and this is impossible, the final view is taken from a view on the river: beyond the camera's boundary, and the reverse tracking shot invites Alexander and the viewer beyond the boundary. We hope that Angelo Paulos in this account will eventually be split into some of the boundaries.
