By the end of the forties, the screwball ended the comedy era, that the movies move in a different direction, jokingly and otherwise. Hollywood will soon be in a very tough time, as televised into the telescope. Where did a wonders and movies missing, or its arrival in that scene was delayed for five or ten years? <br /> <br /> In addition to his wife and two daughters, the advertising man Jim Blondings is great in the New York City apartment. , One day he gets the bright idea that the suburbs are fun to realize his dream of building a house. So he has purchased some property in Connecticut and has one of his exact features built. Well, almost. He said he was in the process of changing his mind. He may not be again. You decide. This weakness is a fantastic picture results, completing the conflict between the own dream of owning one and the middle dream of owning an unreal reality. Nothing like Mr. Blandings has learned, this comes easy in life; But things are not worse for a person because they never go to one another. After all, it is long lasting. <br /> How long is it? <br /> <br /> This film is very enjoyable. It was not a great masterpiece in Capra-McCarrie's tradition, but it was not a valuable heir to their thirty films, and did not change the cultural landscape of arrival of television. There is a real warmth in the film, and (W.C.) Felicion meets periodically with a good deal of hard-edge reality, but there is not much to leave bad taste. People in the picture are all very intelligent and prosperous, but the professional upper middle class is not a serene upper class. <br /> <br /> Players play Kerry Grant and Myna Loyey and Mr. and Mrs. ; Melvin Douglas is the best friend of their genuine advocate, and has to bring such unpleasant things as to how the real world works. A good idea for a good word is that it can call a subtle romance, which soon began in the postwar years, as the first place to see forests and streams that attract people in the woods. These people are still largely fishing in rural Connecticut. In some small years things change, mad rush will be in full gear, forever pastors and cans are packed, connected by highways, in many small towns, destroying many pastoral innocence, facing something in their EFLVia city.
