"Chang Chuck's best-selling film, Hong Kong, has had an impact on the film industry, the heroic blooded between the two of them, in the world of old-school kung fu movies, when a film came to a dozen, it took a lot for a film to stand out - John Wu (working for Chang From the loyalty, fraternity and vengeance backgrounds explored by the thin HK film industry) in the late 1980s, it has been influenced by modern films such as the A Man Made Hero, which plays a role in a role inspired by the film, which also influenced Wu Tang Klan, There are also other music sectors like commercials such as Sprite and Video Games as "Mortal Kombat." What's special about the plot - the surface is pretty easy - it's looking for a rogue group members who are searching for it as "poison clan" c for the hidden treasure by cifu their animal animal styles or "hooves" (climbing sunken walls, floating on the floating walls, floating a floating strike) They have exceptional kung fu abilities. Twist means that the clan is always wearing masks, the others do not know. Thus the usual plot became almost a suspense thriller. We do not speak the usual suspicions here, but it's much more than many of the kung fu movies. Golden Harvest in Champ 's script was not very happy - most of his movies, it was considered to be dark and violent - and they actually wanted him to make a witty comic relief. Fortunately, Chang wrapped his guns and stayed in his original script and since then has been best respected in its paintings, providing accurate dramatic arc and extraordinarily accurate spine action sequences. Chang on a magic formula with Chang Chuck cast - he was the only talented martial artists (whose moves, wires or other special effects compete, most modern martial artists put insult) but only got great actors. Chang is generally well known for having one or more feelings in his later films. In many old-school movies, the actors may seem to play cardboard cutouts, but the actors actually created the characters. Everyone has a favorite tragedy (mine is known as Phillip Quack - hard-boiled from Mad Dog - Lizard) and is a personal connection to the characters that make up the Five Deadly Worms. A true classic of the genre. Even though you are not a fan of old school movies, you have to check out five deadly flutes, do not get their inspiration from modern movies or see anything else. "
