This is true cult in all the Kung Fu films made in the 70s and 80s. With the exception of all the films starring Bruce Lee, the movie is a time and a special story. An aging Kung Fu Master tells of his last student Young Tie (Sheng Chiang) about the previously trained five students. Five masks wore and no one looked at each other's face and they were trained differently. Kung Foo is the name they have taken separately, such as Lizard, Snake, Centipede, Todd and Scorpion. The owner called them Paison Klan and he does not know what happened to them, and tries to help those who are doing good to do others badly. An elderly man who is a member of the poison clan has a map of where he has hidden a lot of money, and he is seen as a target. He meets society and does not know how they look and how to tie so they figure out who they are. Along with Pak Hong Wen Tung (Pai Wai) and Tang Sen Qu (Fengs), they claim that they will kill a family to find the map. A mysterious man who has turned Scarpian found a map but finds who he is. Who is Yung Sin (Philip Quake), a local police murders, along with his partner Ma Chou (Chian Son), investigates the killings. A friend called Sin Leo Ho (in Meng) knows Todd and they are aware of each other. Snake calls local authorities to call murders at Li Ho and when he was in prison he was tortured and killed. When Sin learns of him, they go to Tahoe and fight with Tong and Key. <br /> <br /> The film is directed by Cheh Chong and is a very special director when he comes to the film. Chang Mil Kung-Fu is not your run of director and his films have always had a special quality for them. Although Chang has acted with revenge for the most martial arts images, it is not a key element. Though some of the revenge is in this story, it is more complicated than the film. Five men and masks trained by the same master in five different ways. Then they are in the same area and someone else does not know. A very special story makes this film different from everything else and most of the chants are in a classroom. Bruce Lee is a global icon and martial arts that he has performed because it can not be correctly stated in the same league that "enter dragon". The film still has inaccessible successes, such as climbing the walls and flipping in the air, but the film does not need any action scenes. This is more about the plot and the characters involved. It is different from all other Kung Fu films alone. Well made a special story.
