When it first came, this work of the Mayes brothers was very criticized and was also judged for exploitation. Luckily, it has now been praised as the best work of documentary film, particularly the reality of true exploitation in reality television and the exposure of the society to the bad consequence of most direct cinema. It should be said that this is not really a movie, it is more cinematic. The difference between these two is very slight, but in this documentary we are made to enjoy the presence of the Mayes brothers, and interact with the characters they portrayed. It also makes clear that it is not exploitative. Meylls were allowed at home and they were in a very strange situation in a very unusual home. <br /> <br /> It is very frustrating, it is the voice of God's narrative and desperate interviews. Here, we are given a full pyramid of a madman who feels great to go down both home and her mom Edith. Their house is confused everywhere, debris and animals, color and furniture, and constant battles all over the steady interaction of reality. These two people stayed with each other during their lifetime and were not battling before the camera because they wanted attention, but they could not help them to talk. They do not need to know someone very well to hide their inner feelings. Eventually, though, they blame someone for their lives, they really love each other deeply. Eddie wants her mother to die because she loves her so much, and that Eddie should not leave her because she does not want her to be alone. But the most interesting aspect of the film is that in their old age, two women can not help the girls. They can not help to be a singer and other nurse. In front of their camera show all their art skills. Eddie asked David Mayelles "Where are you in my life?" She is really very happy she finally gets to show her the whole world and her amazing showgirls skills. Stylized prominence and the most glamorous image that is never seen again, may be the way Meyes and others do.
