It's actually a good idea that Sean Connery retires as James Bond, nowadays that spying-fast cars are not able to replace fast cars, and beautiful women who have been replaced by high-tech brain washing techniques should be less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cipher" is a beautifully invented size-fiction thriller, although it is often a threat to the intimidating & claustrophobic feelings. You will find this kind of trends in movies: When nothing is found and the twisted plot is discovered, the writers again insert a new twist that confuses everybody. The events in "Saifer" are among the most prominent parts of the computer world where major companies are not really trying to steal the thunderstorm. The Company Digiott literally brought millions of brains to people and provided them with a new identity, allowing them to infiltrate their biggest rival, the Sunways Corporation. On the other hand, the Sunways, constantly seeks to unmask Digisoft-mice and double spies to recruit them again. Morgan Sullivan is a trade-off between this entire lucrative business; Thirty-seven employees selected by Sebastian Rooks (Uber-spy) to slash the secretive policies of the two companies. Believe me, it sounds and director Vincenzo Natalie ("Tube" from Dude) takes care of his time to introduce all the important and less important characters. The first half of the film brings to mind the infamous John Frankenheim gem rather than "Seconds"? Starring Rock Hudson ?? It also deals with erasing identities and dramatically deals with changing your former life style. Lots of empty white rooms and strange corridors that appear to be even endless pieces of the set will appear directly from the image of that 60's. There are plenty of great action and suspense, especially when Morgan feels confident how the DigiSft team oversees their brain washing techniques during boring conventions. The middle part of the image is a little drunk, because you're already building a multi-misguided plot-twist, and I hope for a little horror filming of the not-too-distant future. Jeremy North's full cast and adorable Lucy Liu seems suspicious to be the nude lady on her side. Regular Director selection David Hewlett is an exceptionally exceptional Suvay Engineer Virgil C. "Cypher" is well made and adrenaline sizing-fit entertainment is well-recommended for people who use their brain capacity regularly.
