This is a low-budget low-budget science fiction film from Cult director Vincenzo Notti. The film starred Philip K Dick as Hitchcock and Kronsberg, and the film takes a special sense of what you can not see. The film is a wonderfully portrayed, I love this cinematography, it's fresh and original. Plot-wise, the film explored similar themes for the entire recall, Dark City and The Matrix and its famous science fiction stuff. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy North) was a subsidiary of his life and decided to get a job as a company spy for DigCorep, a major technology company. He first encounters with a recruitment officer, who takes Sullivan off the board and directs him to do what he does. It is primarily going to the meetings of rival companies and can record them through a satellite disguise device disguised as a pen. It means that he will take on a different personality and keep a secret from his wife. After his first job is strange, his habits change, his personality becomes different and he faces pain in his neck and headaches and nightmares. He meets Rita Foster, a beautiful woman (who plays the secretly played Lucy Liu.), He took an instant appeal. However, when she finds her again when she joins her next job, she reveals herself as the agent who reveals what her job is. He is next and he finds the rest of the people attending the meeting for Digicorp. Meetings allow the company men to brainstorm their spies. The speaker (all of the speakers suddenly turn off the lights of the rooms) at Digicorp make sure that they are not conscious and then they are dumped into what seems like a brain dead day dream of the Sullivan Digicorps is known as the jack knight Jack Every member to send Osam a nightmarish situation to bring the head to make sure the sets and lights shining in the eyes of the residents were believed to fall into the mind of someone else prerepincevariki messages and Brain Wash. Digicorp These individuals are creating puppets and individuals as they wipe their own existence. Sullivan is now pretending that he is completely convinced that Jack is a guru. Digicorp steals information from their rivals Samves and they want to do their own puppets, they now effectively control what these spies do, except Sullivan. When Samieses seizes Sullivan and realizes he is not really brink, they decide to spy on the Digicorp to make him a pawn, Sullivan makes a double agent. They knew he had been working on his way to Digicorp Samways and sent them Thursday to work his way into the system until he could get into the situation to download the important company information that the company shut down. The meetings he planted and they decide to play along with Digicorp and allow their databanks to infiltrate on Thursday but they will give Digicorp a dodgy disc that will destroy their system. The plot begins to turn as two companies use Sullivan as pawns. He is stuck in the middle and Rita Foster is a mystery that seeks to work on why she can help him. When a mysterious third party is involved, Foster has revealed that he is working, even if Sullivan goes to this independent agent, to decide whether he will guarantee a new life and safety or that he is committed to one of the organizations that he operates. All of the tension is built into a sweet climax, and everyone wants to abandon him after his use expires. The cast was great. Nortam is awesome and the subtlety is excellent in his performance. He brings his performances to a great visual appearance, his eyes tell the story and we see changes from Sullivan to Thursdays. Lucy Liu is sexy beyond belief and gives her a great dynamic in the film because it feels strange casting but because it actually works. The rest of the cast is also good. <br /> <br /> Director actress, the previous film Cult Classic Science Fiction Flick Cube, is a real visual skill. The film was very impressive and gave it a great look. For a low budget movie, it has some imaginative visual effects, and although the CGI is not great, the central part does not start to influence the film negatively. The film truly brings the feelings of the matrix and other great science fiction pictures, which is with them. This plot is almost too confusing, but actually helps in the film, which is clear from the Cronenberg and Lynch effect. The film is constantly going on with what's going on and actually surprising. It's a clear cult classic and I can see it is very popular when it's released in the states. <br /> <br /> <br /> "
