Is this comic book based? Is a video game? Drawing 3 years old? <br /> <br /> There is nothing in this movie; No characters, not dialogue, no plot, no action. Nothing. We have Hemorrhoids, high-tech international terrorists / criminals such as pre-school children to stallone's man-of-steel-type resilience towards the snow-cold climate, sometimes it is sometimes so hilarious and so dumb so dumb. The sign language used by the bad guys is also dumb ("tango-tango"). A picture that entertains through some suspense, good action scenes, and a nice snow mountain arrangement. Oh, yes: and random humor. <br /> <br /> The film opens with some really bad and incredible homosexuals among our go-lucky and delightful characters that have a "bloat" time. Then a sweat-motivating failed-rescue component comes, fear-heights problems should someone want to pull out of their hair. And then we have some more bad dialogs, some great actions later. It's briefly the rhythm of the film. <br /> When they meet for a long time, Stalin's dramatic conversion with Turner is very narrow, very strange, so fake, and forced to go out of any self-respecting audiences. After awful dialogue-writing this show, we witness the spectacular and amazing shot of a plane witnesses. The whole action is a big absurdity, but it's null fun at its best. The rest of the action is exciting and fun, the airplane scenes really highlight the cinematic. After landing, our master criminals seek for a guide and end up with Stallone and Rooker. They sent Stalin to earn money for the first time, but somehow they did everything to make it as difficult as possible; They take off his clothes off (he can be frozen) and he does not give him the equipment (he falls). Do these gangstars want to get their money ??? Very crazy. Apparently they do not believe Stallone, but obviously they know they can always block him by using the rooker as hostage. Nevertheless, our gangsters make Stalin's climbing difficult and difficult, at least because of the logical reasons that have shown no real evil - even if there are no doubts. Those who are doubtful about how bad the bad guys are, they are uninterrupted, angry, and really bad technique. Everyone convinced? Good. You are good. Otherwise, the authors dismiss the twenty-school children's genocide breach, just to make sure that the bad people's evil is crystal-clear. <br /> <br /> The chopper is an old man ... how he fell into the hell of hell? First, he was cautioned by the MTV AirHeard about criminals, and secondly, he heard Stallone and Roaker's voices on Wakey-Talkies. The entire group of Ethiopic sound exchanges take place, and there is questionable respect for Litco to get very silly lines. "Go back to me!" Lithgo: "I have not started anywhere behind you." Or, Lethago to Stallone: ​​"We have contracted, but now we have only one!" And for the gang of murderers of Lithgow: these guys will soon want to kill. They are very creative about it; They philosophy, they pretend to play your body with football, and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone wrote the subject as co-author. I do not know what drugs he was when he was when he was. Less I.Q Because I do not think this script is bad.
