The movie is centered on four criminals, locked in a jail to avoid jail, and the mystery's book of the witch made by a former prisoner in 1920, entitled Danars, who wants to use mantras to protect his skin. /> <br /> Criminal business strategies (Gerard Larrocke) of the Carrier (Shortcuts) have been sent to prison with three oddball cell-members in jail .. Transxual brute Marcus (Clovis Cornilac), Marcus' love-toy pokerate (Dimitry Ratout) Eats a month old sister (and in prison) eats touch items and obeys his charge Do not, he says, "his" mother and read, read, or did not eat, La Salle (Philip ladenbyak), breakfast (the next day that he had killed his wife at the time). The book follows Carrar, he reads from the book, and attempts to understand the meaning of what he hopes to get out of his prison. Carey loves her child, and she believes that his wife was leaving him for a while. When she picks him, the carrier slowly hates, slowly to see and capture his beloved son. Carrie's critical critic Marcus, he is a totally feminine, still fits many masculine features, such as working out and leak standing. He speaks vigorously and his muscles use a panic, but the inner defect is the world of weakness. Pâquerette is completely under the control of Marcus and its owner behaves like a dog .. Here Pascual feeds from Marcus are also an alarming scene! Lassalle is a stunning mystery that opens up to us to understand his mysterious intentions and to find out what is probably his evil brain. Apparently intellectual, and capture the possible secrets from others, Laszl is actually one who puts inspiration to follow the secrets of the book. Soon, people who are not threatened in the book make their "real" escape, not the cells of the four walls, but the cell that imprisons their true desires. After some murders, the book is thrown out of the room, a film with a camcorder with whom he is a new invader. Who is this guy, how can he understand the power of a book power, and how good and how to use it? <br /> <br /> The prisoners in the film who are constantly in the film can not see their windows apart from the world. <br /> <br /> I am very happy to see this film. It does not play like "Monkey's Paw", the characters get what they want, but a price is mandatory. The film of graphical violence, there are serious moments, but, in my opinion, is the story of the first and the fable. This book is the product of which book is unfair. If one of the group is suspended in the air, it distorts his organs and displays a fierce opening action carnage in the face of a person's desire. In the end we can see the dawn of the task, with a special special effects sequence when migrating as a baby. Lassalle's fate is an incredible impact scene. Malifikek has retained my vision by Eric Valett's good-looking directing, and such a secluded film (the 95% film in the film is in a secluded spot, in a jail cell). I can not tell a compelling story using the supernatural to drive them, curious characters and fascinating characters guess a clause.
