Good horror movies from France are very rare, and why it's so easy to see! When a talented young filmmaker releases a staggering new film, he emigrates the glorious Hollywood side immediately after directing another great movie classic big budget remake! How does France raise a famed fiery reputation when their filmmakers leave the country after just one film? "Hot Tension" is a fantastic film and the director Alexander Aaja earned a (one-way?) Ticket to the states to remake "The Hills Have Eyes" (which he did badly, I added). Eric Valett's long-hits debut "Mulfek" is a very good and attractive horror film, and he has already directed Hollywood's remake of Takashi Micha's ghost-story story "One Missed Call". So both of you are very rewarded French and will not be able to make a film shortly in their native country. "Malfek" is a simple but effective chiller, which requires a little patience because of slow start, but the plot is properly developed, providing great weather tension and excellent special effects. The film is entirely in one place and only introduces four characters. We're in the French prison room with four residents. A businessman who issued time for new arrival fraud, the elderly and "wise" prisoner sadistically murdered his wife and then was a mentally disabled boy to complete a crazy transvestite and odd four hundred. They belong to a sick assassin in the 1920s, masterminds of magic and superhuman ways who evade an ancient magazine inside their cell wall. Four inmates begin to prepare their own escaped plan using the bizarre principles of the book, is there something that can not be confused with only the occult? Eric attributes the oceans to the four main characters' characters, which occasionally lead to recurring and troubled sub-plots, but his reasons are clear in the fierce climax, while the book Wishmaster-instrument. "MalfekWiki" is a dark film, a number of controversial details about the truckloads and human behavior of Claustrophobia tension. See some wealthy American production company before it's remade with four beautiful young actors in the incredible roles of hardcore criminals.
