The French horror film has broken into the scene that has seen something renewed over the past few years with great films like Inside and Switch Blade Romance. Melfeky is just a bit short of restoration, but the most modern horror titles have the head and shoulders and is one of the best French horror films ever made! Mallefei was filmed in a low budget, but it was created in a lot more ways than the reality of the film, and was appreciated by excellent writing and acting to confirm it as a film winner. This theme focuses on two main points; Prison and black magic. The central character, Carrie, was sent to prison for fraud. He put others in a cell; Silently mad Lassalle, body building transvestite Marcus and his retarded boyfriend Daisy. Shortly after the cell, they fall on a hiding place in the wall of the old magazine. After translating some of it, they realize that they can use its magical powers to use it to break through the prison walls. <br /> <br /> Black magic is a very interesting topic, so there are not many movies with which you have a lot of opportunities. It's fair to say that Malipku's assets make it better, this film actually prevents and flows across. Director Eric Valett provided a great atmosphere for the film; The fact that it takes place inside a very central jail cell is very claustrophobic, and the central idea gains of the prisoners wanting to use magic to pull out this majestic - it's so easy behind them! This film confirms that the unknown is really a threat to the people, and the film confirms that the director is sure to be sure exactly what is right and this is actually very frightening! The film is reminiscent of many reasons outside the central plot; The characters are very interesting in their own way and the fact is that the book takes on its own character. Anyone who does not get released at the end will not be discouraged, and everything is both meaningful and very terrible! Overall, Malletic is truly a great horror film and the best of the decade - a highly recommended view!
