I would recommend if all these things are to be shown only to older children. Some things related to this film are very worried. Now I will explain to you about this film. This fact is a malicious feminine documentary that seeks to protect his territory and companion in the beginning. Start with beautiful sunrise and music score and take a breath. You loses so much to the scene as soon as possible, after laughing suddenly. I do not remember what they do for my favorites, but I do not remember what they do for my favorites. He is fighting for the male to win his love. Then a den, four adorable children, one of them is blind. Very happy and delightful moments here have the faux family, but all of the tragedy and bad luck strike are very quick. The first victim blinded the bat, washed and washed. The second victim is the mother, who steals chickens and is trapped by the dead. The chicken hangs on a hole. She would walk on a foot trap without knowing her. When she attempts to escape her from her feet she bleeds her death. Male is now forced to take a father, mom and dad roll. He alone is to teach the skills they need for life. It's proof that this is not adequate, and thanks to the negligence and cruelty of their own man, two of the children now grown an ugly duty. I do not spoil the surprising end for you, but the farmer and his dogs are closer to his tail. How good it is for the audience and the fox family. When I first appeared in the early 1980s, I saw it as I saw it. I saw a thing called the showbox cable. I'm only 4 years old when I see it, see it all.Now I know, when I came to Disney when I was secretly looking at it 9. I'm feeling emotional after seeing this bad happen. I've moved to tears. But it's dark and ugly, for a purpose. Tell people what is happening to this and other kinds of animals, and why they become extinct. This documentary wanted me to get a message about these endangered species and I wanted to work. It was not fake Disney's True Life was like nature scenes, and the animals did not teach why they are extinct. The occupation of the land, the killing foxes, the main food, and the killing of innocent animals by these innocent animals was endangered. I would like to see if they're doing good treatment (Glacier fox 2005). Teresa and her siblings grew up. This film also sometimes reflects what is happening to human families, especially one of the parents who suddenly dies. Going to both existing parents and important lessons of life. They are not always enough to protect them when they are grown up, especially in some of their lives. Or they are victims of victims. I have heard all soundtrack and musical scores.
