Now I have read some negative reviews for this presentation on this website and apparently I'm scared. I do not know what I came to the world to think that Sopranos is not a television. Let me tell you something. I started watching several T.V shows like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood, and Invasion. But all those shows rejected the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break, because companies took 2 intellectual ideas and killed them by creating more than one seasons. Then we are The Sopranos. To be honest, I was more than impressive in this season, and it was the only television series I've ever seen in all episodes. There is not a tremendous topic in this program. Acting - nothing amazing. James Gandolfini was one of my favorite actors and I felt that it would be absolutely magnificent in every episode, after hearing it I thought it was HBO Ray Liotta Tony playing the first few episodes, but I know I've done a great job in HBO James cast. The raw emotion he exhibits is amazing. Then we all have Eddie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lauren Braco, Dominic Chinese (reminiscent of Johnny Olga in The Godfather Part 2) and my personal two favorite characters Tony Sirico and Steve von Zantt Polly 'Walnuts' Gwaliati and Silvio Dante. These actors are all of the best quality, and all give an excellent performance in every part. Then we story, I never suck before a T.V show. The story is not the smallest of the spectacular. Each episode is superbly directed and the score of this show is just amazing. I could see again and again that I was a show of sopranos and never bored. Everything comes from the ridiculous humor to cruel torture, but it is always best to always thank televised and I challenge anyone to find the real flaw in the show. It is not very violent or I think Tony's character is immoral, which means the mafia show at the end of the day, I do not think the characters are very honest or loyal to God. . Because I believe I'll implore everyone to see this show, you'll be hooked from the first episode, and I have gotten some friends who refused to watch the show first, it was hooked. I believe that this show is the Goddess in comparison to the worst TV you believe in the first season after I watched the first season. Once again, I would agree with you that this show is television show, and the TV show will inevitably make me ridiculous of the so-called Sopranos, present or future.
