"The Sopranos" Megafide is another gift from the "The Godfather" and sequels, which is dramatic and somewhat glamorous of the mafia, "The Sopranos" takes another money. Lake Tahoe and Vegas casinos do not have any of the most suitable migrants here - these guys deal with waste behind golf bombs, trucks, responsive bars and defense money before the waste management. <br /> The colorful characters influence this range of sex and graphic violence. Tony Soprano (James Gondolphini) acts as a mob head with his wife and two children, lives in New Jersey, and faces panic when he tries to balance his biological family with his mafia. To get to the bottom of his attacks, he is afraid of him and yet looks at the psychiatrist Jennifer Mbelli (Lorraine Braco), who caught him at the same time. Tony's assistant - Pauline, his nephew Christopher, his uncle Jr. (the nominal head of the mob), his good friend Pussy - unlike the enemies and one of those enemies and Tony's unhealthy terrible mother (Nancy has changed ), Tony convinces Jr. that he is dangerous. At the same time, Tony's sister Janice is looking for money with a stethoscope and a gegger counter in her mother's home. Tony loves his wife (Eddie Falco) with a lot of people, because she loves her because she loves catholic religion. "The church is divorced," she tells a woman she wears a split. "Let the Pope be with him," the response. Until Tony's mistress issues, he pointed out that his psychiatrist Tony was demanding women to live in, and that he was not adequate and asked if he knew it well. <br /> <br /> I am of Italian descent, yes, the Italians are suffering from negative light and all the Italians are mobsters. But you can not help with this event, this is a constant reminder of our culture. (Such as antipasto, manicotti, meatballs and escarole, and then the bird!), The right pronunciation of words such as melenzana (mullian), escorol (scarlet), manikotti (manigot) etc. (Thanksgiving, it is not on turkey and sweet potato). The only un-Italian thing about Toni is that he does not have a full basement, and my parents (except my parents) in my other family. <br /> <br /> Stendows Gondolphini, Antidepressants, Falco, his wife as gorgeous and brutal gangster, such as Bracoco in this show. But everyone is amazing. If you take on violence and language, it is a brutal film of the New Jersey mob life.
