I love Midnight Cowboy and this is in my video collection, which is my favorite. What's interesting to me is that when Midnight Cowboy arrived in 1969, it was astonishing to audiences rated X. At that time X is maturity. As I was just two years old when the film was released, it was hard for me to imagine how surprisingly I saw the audience. However, when I try to take into consideration many things covered in the film as a prostitute (the title also has a slang for a male prostitute); Homosexuality; Loneliness; Physical (and somewhat emotional as well) Abuse and drugs Many people are hard to talk about this day, this film begins to get a sense of thought back in its release. In the 1970s, Midnight Cowvy was downgraded to an R rating and although it was still rated R, some scenes could almost certainly rate PG-13 by today's standards. <br /> <br /> To summarize the film's compilation, it is known to almost anyone. Jon Voit plays a young man named Joe Buck from Texas, who decides he can be a bigger male horner with great women in New York City. He thinks cowboy actors like Roy Rogers will impress women by wearing a cowboy outfit. After refusing all the women he has come across, he meets the niche "Rathore" Rizzo, played by Dustin Hoffmann, a quiet guy. If he was a manager, he convinced him that he could make all kinds of money. Once again, Joe conned and has long been homeless. However, Joe comes across the night of the night and is invited to stay in a dilapidated apartment. Without giving away a lot of the plot, I want to say that Joe and Rosso deal with the rest of the cinema as they try to help one another in an attempt to fulfill their dreams. I.E. <br /> <br /> <br /> Joy is a Gigolo and Rosso flown to Florida, where he feels he can regain his health. <br /> <br /> I want to make some comments about the film. Most of all, acting is amazing, especially Leeds. Although the film is very sad from the beginning, there are some classic scenes. In fact, there are some scenes, they are not meant to be funny, and I find them entertaining. For example, Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voit City have a classic scene that runs on the street and a cab will run them practically. Dustin Hoffman's bangs in the cab and I said, "Hey, I'm in the vanquish!" Many people are in a hurry where the New York City is unique because I take that scene out. Rosso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voit) to O'Deil. Amusing is that, first of all, we think that O'Donyl Gigolos can be hired and why Joe is curious, but O'Donnill is not just a religious nut. In addition to two sequences, I love Ross and Joe in their apartment, with gay cowboy that only gay people are attracting homosexuals and Joe "self defense" John Wayne! A teacher! Although Midnight Cowboy is set at the end of the 60s, it is true in many days, although the area around the 42nd Street in New York has been cleaned up in the past few years, the home of the homeless was 40 years ago. The only way they are going to strike is to stop their dreams in the role of the Voit One thing that impressed me about Jon Voitt's role was how he survived and felt he had a great deal of cinema at the end of the movie and had a good effect on Russo (the role of Dustin Hoffman). <br /> <br /> <br /> If you want to be relieved, If you look at the picture, you should see at least two times, for example, a couple There are watches and dream sequences, which make me more sense after two different views, and in the interest of the movie, it is possible to understand what really happened about Joe Buck (Jon Voit's character) and the people in his life in Texas. Even the end, though I did not give it away to those who have not seen the film, is open-ended.
