Jon Voit plays a guy named Joe. Joe is shook by a haunting childhood. He has strong fear and hatred of religion due to painful baptism. He left his role as a dishwasher and becomes a hustler for wealthy individuals. He meets a misspit for both Rosto (Dustin Hoffman) and a relationship. They go out and work together to help others. They are thieves. Both are unusually close and can not live without each other immediately. However, it is important that Ratzo did not tell Joe, and they could destroy the city's existence anymore. This is one of the greatest films ever made. It is nothing but a single heart beat and shattering portrait of each other too lonely men to lose. Their story is devastating to see, but ultimately important for all people. It's pretty much a lot of the characters that are just one of those movies that you seem to sometimes seem to be on the street seemingly silly people. The difference is from this viewpoint. Their lives show us and the pedestrians in this film are devastating to see them like dust, especially if we are one of those at one time. However, the film does not attempt to pick up the guilt. Instead, you will show the harsh side of the hustling lifestyle. It's not a pleasant and easy lifestyle like many Hollywood films, like Milk Money and Pretty Woman. The lifestyle of the male hustler is a dirty, sandy and ugly life and people have diped the character of Joe in the film. I started a lot about this film, which came out in 1969, and it is definitely a test of time. Today's audiences still have a great meaning, and it is still so happy as critics and audiences have done everywhere in 1969. The movie is rated X, but if I look at the film, sexuality is a more honest, realistic, and efficient way. Those who have the predecessor of the first time find the joke, the awkward, and the scary Hell, and the film does not shine from whatever. The concept of sexuality in the film should not be considered once. Midnight Cowboy, Clockwork Orange, Greetings, Last Tango Paris, and Fritz Cat are all comparable to the X-rated comparison of surprises. Sex scenes in Midnight Cowboy are very strong but they are not exactly sexy. They are not graphic, but they are realistic, and people should keep in mind when they see this film. The course language used in this film, especially the term "fog" is effectively used and is not inappropriate. Even today the violence is very surprising, but again the plot is needed to paint a hustler world. I'm really excited to see that Midnight Cowboy is not updated and it still has more effect as it was in 1969. I do not recommend this classic enough and I really hope the audience will continue to find because it is a very special and unforgettable experience that can not be forgotten. <br /> <br /> -John Waite and Dustin Hoffmann are very rare and wonderful looking. They have never played the roles before and they are different from time to time. You'll forget who will play them in minutes! > <br /> <br /> <br /> <br , But they are a little stronger.
