The Midnight Cowboy Theater begins with Run Run Down Drive, where the main character Joe Buck (Jon Voit) sings in the tone. He spoils a cowboy song, he is working hard. Joe moved to New York City to spend his tired life in the Texas and women's shoes, and more money. He dressed as the essence of the cowboy, but in a cartoonish style, his friends do not take him seriously. He starts his journey to NYC on the bus and can see how Joe interferes with other interaction with other passengers. This is primarily of Joe's reality of the hard facts of the real world. <br /> <br /> He starts as a very simple southern idea that he can do in NYC in his original sense. He has proven useful in the past, he has no other reason to think otherwise; We will learn this from the last many of which he has. Initially the flashbacks are portrayed as somewhat strange. They were hazardous and they came out of the way, as they were coming from a long distance, voiceless. However, Joe does not see further confusion of his past, filmed with black and white paintings, with a quick compilation to portray the cruel nature of the past events when deep and deeply deep into NYC's harsh atmosphere. This was particularly attacked by him and his girlfriend and she was raped. One of the bricks can be seen brick with a brick brick. This joe can be astonishingly different from him; The innocence that he once carried is falling from him. He and Rosto (Dustin Hoffman) live in pumpkins and can not get food to eat; Joe discovers that she is not out of her youth, and he is a neutral neutral of New York's unexpected. <br /> <br /> Rotho is also joking, but is in the opposite way; Foil of ratso joe. Joe is a beautiful, strong man, for the most part, has a good external appearance. Rosto, on the other hand, is the first time we see him sitting next to Baro Joe, and we are against him. He is small, dark, and always coated with sheen of sweat. He understands how the world works, it's not wrong, and you'll fail if you harden it; Just as his father did. They live in the same world, they are in the same apartment, but they understand completely different things. <br /> <br /> The background of alienation is one of the most common in this era, which is very clear. Joe or Rosto is not fit for the culture of the neighborhood. Joe was trapped in Texas and moved to NYC where he was an outsider. While Wrights lives in NYC's cold, Sunny wants to go to Florida, where he thinks he can get a better life. Although this is his ideal, we get fantasy from Rotso's perspective, he finds that he never falls into society. <br /> <br /> The gap between the joe and the gap is not narrow. Joe resorts to violence; He takes up the psychology of this city to get funding as a way to escape for Florida and for Rasso. On the go we will see Joe coming out of the shop that we do not wear cowboy clothes that are not in the rest of the store. He was dressed as a person who looked to Florida for a vacation. He dressed as well as Rosso; He makes them fit into a new society that enters them, but it does not benefit. After Rotho's death in the bus, their fellow passengers will see again as outsiders. They also entered the new culture, which they can not avoid the alienation that has taken place at every turn. Despite the death of Rutho, and Joe's persistent alienation, the film ends, and NY ends up hoping to make his new knowledge work better than what he is doing and the hustler in the NYC. The Midnight Cowboy is an outstanding picture that portrays society's rigorous originality and alienation with stellar performances by both Woight and Hoffman.
