"Midnight Cowboy" is a great movie forever but it's a classic. Soundtrack (originally not written for this film), and the camera we know of Joe Buck (in the nude and shower), you know its instant theme song, 'Everybody's Talking'. But we really noticed him but he tells us he is 'a helluva stud who can doubt'? This is a great show with iconic stellar status as well as full awareness of the character and if votillation has never been done, his performance is still legendary. Voight was rarely disappointed on the screen; <br /> <br /> The film is well-received for his performance in the film "Anakonda" with amazing delight. <br /> <br /> That movie is almost overnight. It's the audience-joy, (with its downbeat conclusion), funny and sexy and recognizable 'true'; (Tail-end of sixties and all the characters are real). It is also the first 'X' rated film to win Oscar for best film year. Adapted by Waldo Salt from a James Leo Herbly novel, (brilliantly), it is probably the first major-stream commercial American film dealing with homosexuality and drug trafficking. Everyone recognizes human, acne and all, and everyone is treated with sympathy. Voit's Joe Buck is an innocent foreigner, a Candida who comes to New York, wants his wealth as a hustler (he does not feel professionally attractive and he is a cross between a Gigolo and a social worker). But he finds himself a frictionist, Writzio Rizzzo (known as "The Graduate" and he is a revelation), known as Wrightso Rizzo, and realizes he is actually slightly different from the pipe <br /> <br /> Among these two excluded bedfellows , Which is a male love story (even though completely platonic). Completely alone, and becomes a savior for everyone who is fully demanded (with his vocal intentions with Hofmann with his physical prowess). They are confusing from the mainstream, with their own features and the rotation of others. Woyt was a lover of homosexuality, but not more than a homosexual in the 42nd Street Movie. (The whole film is strangely 'Christian' attitude). <br /> <br /> It is also a magical act. Vayait and Hoffman the entire screen, while Brenda vakkaro and Sylvia Miles and John makvarvar, Bob balaban and Barnard Hughes, as strange as users and hangers-like performance adhigamincadanni John Schlesinger directed the film, a documentary of the experience as well as the United States Under-belly without criticism, without an alien completely isolated Ina gives eye-view. On the second thoughts, maybe it's a great movie after all.
