John Shelinger's 'Midnight Cowboy' Academy is the only ex-rated movie to win an Oscar for the best film in history. This was how I came first to hear it, and to be completely honest, I did not really expect much film. I thought it would be awful, but I did not think somehow I would enjoy watching it. Why should not you believe your own instincts on such a manners? The best exploration, simplicity and friendship of the film is that of the life of the film <br /> Young Joe Buck (then-newly-owned zone), and a memorable soundtrack ("talking to everyone", I do not hear what they say) Voit), proud of being a Rodeo cowboy, wants a man and a male prostitute for a new life from Texas to New York Hours. However, women do not seem to be willing to pay for their services, as Joe lives in his poverty, money begins to extend its supply. During these stunts, Joe Enrico comes to meet "Rathore" Rizmo (Dustin Hoffman), who initially attempts to lose his entire money. When they realize that both are in trouble, Rapto offers a place to live with Joe, and working together, they live in New York's cool, sandy metropolis themselves (mostly unsuitable). /> <br /> Joe has convinced himself that New York women will be more than willing to pay sex; However, the woman (Silvia Miles) paid her twenty dollars to end her first business venture. Though he thinks he is a bit brilliant, he is just as innocent as Ross Joe. Rostoy, with his painful limp and hacking cough, is always assured himself, if he's traveling to Miami's warmth, somehow everything will be right. <br /> <br /> The streets of New York, Midnight Cowboy were fired. John Steinbeck's classic novel Lenny and George's memories are well remembered. 'The hardest-realistic form of life in the slums. Looking at the movie, we can feel sorry inside the elegant, unheated residence of almost all of us, our joints from aching winter cold. This acting certainly contributes to this ultra-realistic, both otlottle and Hoffmann portraying both the degenerate excavations of modern society. Especially in Huffman's role (I walked here! I was here! ') Was extraordinary, after appreciating his appreciation in the' The Graduate 'of 1967. Both were nominated for Best Actor Oscars following the actors (nominated for acting, Sylvia Miles, unable to stay for more than five minutes), and eventually John True Grit. <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' finally won three Oscars in three films. Best Picture, Shelzinger Best Director and Best Writing for Waldo Salt. <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' is basically a linear approach, however, despite many previous flashbacks of Joe, these short snippets are actually what the audience is invited to think about, and these conditions are how Joe is now on the way he follows May have led. Suddenly the beautiful final scenes leave us with the shining of hope, but a large number of uncertainty., Irritating, thought-provoking and strong attractive, one for 'Midnight Cowboy' ages.
