If you ever have a chance to see Sandra Bernhard personally live, you can move it in sweets. I saw last year at the opening of his Everty Bad and Beautiful Tour opening in Los Angeles and I can not believe I'm still in the first row and I'm fortunate enough to experience such an outstanding performance. She is now in New York with a performance and is equally identical with her sensational stunner, "Without You I'm Nothing". We lost Richard Pierre, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is not in action, but Sandra. Barbara Streisand is just a little over once in her head, Sandra is more likely than the babies left. Well, I want to know, sir. Bernhard is a little less of these influential entertainers. I am honest, honest, humorous, eclectic songs (from Laura Niro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince) and the decline, joy, sadness, and 80's. This is a lot of people (and I mean, many) comics were lifted, stolen correctly, and not much from Sandra but most from this show. I do not rename it but names, people, you and I know who I am. See, the subject, Bernhardt plays with its own rules. The film, as her live performances, was her performer, was showcased with the show's older school, as well as pushing forward. Her performances reflect smoky jazz clubs (Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), 70 TV programs of the 70s, close cabaret actions and concerts that everyone remembers from Joan Garland from Zone jet. Many comedians can not even touch when coming out of Sandra. So, here I was, a year ago, watching Sandra at Silent Film Theater, the whole awe and joy. I wanted to meet her after the show, give her something that she understood and hopefully she understands. But I listen to my copy of the TIRT GIRLS, and thank you for her in prayer, the types for laughing for me, I think, making me feel. You can not deny the existence of this woman and you can not deny the talent that you definitely go from the stage. She was still here after 15 years ago, without you were released after I was released. And by her, it looks great. I'm going live from the theater right now and the audience member said, "She's very fun and she's still amazing !!! If she still does not enjoy it right now please see this movie.I'm looking for Sandra, I've got me through tough times. Send me an email Ligite to please, if you know that kicking out and still continue to do so, it is enough for me, the people, and give it to the lady !!!!
