"Pet Semetary" is a simulation from the novel of Stephen King of the same title. The story follows the credits - an American, middle class family heading into a home in the country. The family includes Lewis and Rachel and their two young children, Ellie and their infant son Gazez. The house is not good, and the family meets strange but friendly old man, Jude, who lives throughout the road. A day where a cattle graveyard is filled with a large size of animal cemeteries, he leads an old way in the forest. And beyond that, there is a holy Indian burial ground that has a strange power. When the family cat, the church is murdered, Lewis is enough to bury him in the pet cemetery - and, surprisingly, soon the church life will be returned. But now it's bad about him, not the same pill he used. And when a tragic accident takes the life of a young gauge, Luis decides to apply the same feeling in hopes of restoring his dead son ... Unfortunately, he gets more than usual. <br /> <br /> Stephen King's novel, I can say that it is better than the book. The movie is not bad, because it is not - the book is just a little better. The real strength in the film is in its story, which is notorious but very original, King's stories are generally known. The script is well received from the story, and while it is different in some aspects, it is a pretty good page-to-screen transition. Here and there are some plot holes, nothing but main. In addition, the film is pretty scary, and it succeeds with the intention of doing so. There are some really disturbing scenes in this movie, and I'll say Rachel's sister Zelda's flashback sequel number one. Honestly, one of the most disgusting and disturbing things I've seen in the horror film - it's not just crying and bloody, it's just flat out of sickening. <br /> <br /> The performances in this movie are very similar and I really do not have a problem there. This film is actually on the side of Gothry, including the shock of an ending, there are plenty of nasty little scenes to please all of Gore Hounds there. <br /> <br /> "I put it, I recommend Stephen King or fans of the genre fans of the genre, which is a great asset of the film and it also The creepy one is one of the best Stephen King adaptations 7/10.
