On the DVD (completely revamped editions) I have the Weissmuller Tarzan series and I'm not sure to look at them. My personal favorite "Tarzan and his colleague" is the Leather Flap which is entirely (well almost completely) of the Maureen O'Sullivan outfit and the occasional emergence of her birth region. A - It's not really her, or B - it's really what I really like, I've seen it many times, look at me very loyal and believe me ... that's her, and she's completely naked under that dress ... especially the lion at the end At the time of the attack, slowly motion and the maximum zoom exposed to dark hair that covers her labia while looking carefully ... Not wrong. Yes, it's double, but she has not taken any "skin" suit or anything else ... again, who wants to see the slow motion and maximum zoom. Now, the controversy is over, the original film goes up ... I think the script is really well and strongly written ... This action stunts Rhino, Weissmuller actually struggling with a bigger male lion ... The use of background themes from second unit items from Africa is well studied and studied It is very difficult to say, sometimes it is difficult to say. Do not complain too much, 90% of all the movies are fraudulent, so popcorn big cup, some cool beer and smoked fresh pack ... a sexy and lonely girlfriend / wife is not from the line ... lol. Oh ... a last word about nudity ... While white hunters talk a conversation, keep your eyes in the background ... Naked African girls (clearly shot in the city) behind them. Another thing is that this film is not racist by the standards of the 1930s. It's the 1960s ... it's the color people thought and the way the way was re-filmed. The shaft did not even think about it at that time, and in no way accepted the audience anytime in history. Safaris are actually used to carry luggage on their heads ... and have a small role in killing heroic death to save small characters and jains. This did not happen until Jean Andre was assassinated to assassinate Native Americans and colorful people in his Western world like real humans.
