This fantastic directing fantasy is the second by the wrong flawless Tarzan series by MGM. This is the first class adventure for many reasons, I suggest - good photography, strong intuitive features, happy cast, good simulators-forest areas and very exciting storyline. Jaki Weissmuller plays Tarzan, which is not mono-alphabetical rather than the creation of Edgar Rice Burroughs; But he is honest, loyal, brave and very courageous, and he should be at this point of time. Jane Porter, Jane Porter, Maureen O'Sullivan, is very attractive and active, as well as the Atlantic Athletic. Lighting effect, spacious and intelligent sets are very unusual. This is an open adventure depicted on MGM back-most which really works. Amazing Motion Escarpance is a remote locale that allows Tarzan and Jane to live continuously; But in their experience they leave people looking for them, Jane is a representative of a civilization, Jane is back and Tarzan is not really comfortable. Harry Holt is still in love with her, and his friend wants to come back to civilization with him; Gown and spices love her, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan must protect many wild animals in the scenes that appear as a human king. The group wants to hunt the animals, and Tarzan agrees to zin a bit bigger game of desires; But at some point, the idea of ​​Ivory and a fortune will change the minds of the trip heads. Tarzan dies and dies, and they are attempting to travel to the elephant's cemetery "with the dying elephant, but they are trying to make a saving tribe and attack the lions." Tarzan restored to call during an elephant; In a spectacular elephant scene, Saves you, This film is directed by design wizard Cedric Gibbons and is beautifully beautiful, with his work and lighting exceptional accomplishments of this entertaining and exciting film, which looks real despite all the Hollywood flaws from start to finish Neil Hamiltal   ్ చాలా మంచి హ్యారీ, పాల్ కావనగ్ తనకు పూర్తిగా చెడ్డగా వెల్లడించిన ముందు ఇంకా బాగానే ఉన్నాడు. ఫోర్రెస్టర్ హార్వే మరియు నాథన్ కర్రీ చాలా వృత్తిపరంగా ఒక చిన్న తారాగణం చుట్టూ ఉంటారు. ఆసక్తికరమైన పరిస్థితులు మరియు కొన్ని బలమైన సంభాషణల కలయికలతో అసాధారణ మరియు బాగా-గ్రహించిన ఫాంటసీ చిత్రం. Recommended.
