The film is James Cain's novel, The POSTMAN Always Rings of the Rings Rings. The director and producer never bother to pay for the story - probably in the WWII that the Italians were in the midst of fighting and could actually forget the royalties! Despite this, the Italian version of the Hollywood film is not really. It's very good in some ways and it's not exactly in other ways. <br /> <br /> The three main characters in this movie are really pretty ugly people. In fact, male and female lovers are a bit icky-looking. The male principal is not quite unattractive, it's pretty simple and his lady love to put it frankly, except his durable body hair (especially behind and the shoulders). They are far from the Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. And the ill-fated husband is really obese and prefers to walk around Shurtles - and his counterpart in the American film Cecil Kelleway is definitely better (actually looks better than the other two Italian Leeds). And with this intolerance I have a reason to prefer the Italian film in general - since I can not imagine a finely coiffed "dish" like Lana Turner in the middle of Kellaway marriage - I have 100% sure I have dozens of good offers! However, the Italian wife could not make it clear and it made marriage really reliable. <br /> <br /> The part of the belief in the Italian movie comes from the blunt path of sex. Sensitive American film Even if you kill Turner and Garfield Kelley, you believe that they really can not get sex relations. This is pretty crazy and totally unrealistic. In addition to the casual sexuality of the film, it is also pretty casual about the layers of life - with lots of sweat people, a hanging fly strip in the kitchen table and a bath for everyone. <br /> <a href="http: And it's not good if you have a brush. The film does not have much in the American film genre and style - grainy footage, relatively poor music and sets. It's not exactly a beautiful movie, but the neo-realistic style makes the image look more realistic. But not for the small cuts in the plot is not made. In the next American version, there are no more plots or gloss in most plot elements. Also less interesting than American cinema - and overall human nature misses confusion when turning on each other as Turner and Garfield mice (the best part of America's film). <br /> Is this a good movie? Well, this very probably depends on you. For me, the Warner Bros. film is just too polished and very untrue (although it looks like this style and does not like watching movies with subtitles) - but it's a great deal. And the Italian film was very, very realistic - seemed to be moved far to crappy end. So the picture is not perfect, but I'd give my approval to a bit better Italian one. It was not able to combine the best of the two films as an extraordinary film.
