The release of TARZAN APE MAN, in 1932, created a sensation. It may be difficult to believe, 70 years later, but the movie has a lot of similar effect to the Lord of the Rings when the film is the main source of MATRIX, or movies and radio entertainment. Tarzan became a pop icon, and every woman became a 'Noble Savage', a hypocrite about the woman. Edgar Rice Burroughs, the only person who was unhappy about the situation, admitted MGM's creative freedom and enjoyed his most royal checks, his role as the 'DumbDown' version of him ('growth') did not betray his vision (he started production company and soon returned Own Tarzan films). MGM knew that it was worth the latest "star", the sequel was more exciting than the original ... and Tarzan and his colleague delivered! <br /> <br /> This is an interesting story in the film; Before the release of Tarzan The APE Man, MGM's legendary art director Cedric Gibbons had never directed a studio from the studio (never expected the effect of the studio film), and a novice director did not think the film was a matter of much ... They wanted to keep their Oscar-winning department chief happy). Gibbons, an incredibly talented and imaginative visual artist, liked the pre-code Hollywood Freedom and Tarzan and his colleague decided to increase the cover ... Tarzan and Jane nagna are delighted in the litter, and Jane is seen by TOPLESS by most. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview in 1998 shortly before her death, when she used the double for swimming, she believed in the studio and filmed a few days of sans paintings ... but it has become too much to have a headache to head for strategically planting and keeping the fruit The idea has been abandoned (paint those pictures She's a nude silhouette scene in a tent, she's dressed in a modified "jungle" style, which is very provocative, very thin, and opened on the sides ... and as a result, helps create Hayes and Gibbons has produced from MGM production (given 'official' cause art Acting as a director), and the popular Jack Conway is listed as a new director, critics ... James C. McKay originally directed the film because the Conway was busy with 3 other projects <br /> <br /> The film features the best of the original (the rides, murders, murders, Tarzan wild animals, to the death of Zen) and actually in storytelling . From the first film, Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton), 'Elephants' returns from Graveyard to Dentist for Africa, and Jake tried to bring Jane back to clothes, lingerie and perfume gifts. Apart from breaking Jane's Holt's brave mask, she brings her with Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), a crack shot and inseter wizzerer, as a potential 'winner' with Tarzan, her ability to survive in her happy life with Tarzan Jane , And washed his feet, refused to allow the hunters to the cemetery. Arlington finds his prospect, Ape Man seizes himself and shoots him, then returns to the camp with a fictional story of his death. Now there is no reason for Jane to stay in the forest, and she is directed to the cemetery before they go back to England, oh-so-sympathetic Arlington. But a Savage tribe and a bizarre torture group ... Tarzan is nursed back to health for his monkey's family and may come back in time to save Jane? Stage footage is again widely known, 30 species racial stereotypes are clear, and actors, Tarzan and his colleagues in the Gorillas Ape suits achieve the most sophisticated level in any other 'Tarzan' film, as well as Bo Derek's blatant romance Tarzan, APE does not touch the MAN. Physically Maureen O'Sullivan is never beautiful, and 'Africa' has never been as sexy and dangerous. <br /> The success of Tarzan and his colleague has been dramatically edited for many years), and the classic of The series, to this day!
