The audience can now see images like Osciesy, and it will not be regarded as unprecedented when it comes out. The film's production is really divorced from the Sap-Happy Hollywood Sessions, as well as other major theater elements. It relies heavily on the depiction of reality in the most horrific and ingenious light. The films of this nature - the novel-realistic images - were reflected in the darker view of the post-World War II era. Unlike a crane shot and some muscular swelling moments, the film is very raw and gritty: Oscasses probably tackles some fairly provocative problems that are not visible on the screen before the battle: firing, natural lighting and more popular actors, such as prostitution, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, used. All of these items helped to report the problems of the film, providing the following theme: Negative Karma Riskuctions intentionally traverse those who act illegally. <br /> These two leads are Gino and Giovanni? , And have two psyche: we're bored and we want to be entertained. Gino is a drifter; A lonely traveler who embraces life and its persistent fluctuations. Giovanni's widowed wife's wife is familiar with the perenniality: she should not leave her home and husband, but it is safe because she is there. Gino's lifestyle refers to Giovanna Craves for an ideal lifestyle; The only difference is that she is very afraid to live in it? That's why she is in love with Gino: he refers to everything she wants but does not dare to get out. She wants to live in a free world without a change of life with her satisfied husband, Gino is the perfect ticket to the world. An affair between the two half-a-left audience between the part of the 40-year old experience. I mean, there is no such scandal behavior on the front of the movies before the neo-realistic era. <br /> In addition to the theme, the neo-realist style helps to show adverse effects of disturbing behavior. Being brief, adultery behavior (as shown in the picture) is discouraging and eventually leads to deadly lives. When Ginova and Giovanni conspired with each other to "remove" Giovanni's husband, Karma chased them as a plague after completion of the deed. They will return to their home: the atmosphere is dark and bleak (from neo-realistic style). They are not happy; They're really depressed. By removing Giovanni's husband that they will spend happy lives, but they have been duped. The film ends with Giovanni's death, a ceremonial parable of her husband's death. I think this is a very satisfying ending for many reasons. <br /> <br /> Here are a lot of discussions about whether to be shot on the screen over evil, and if so, how much. Even if the bad description is not glorified, bad reactions show negative consequences, it is necessary to portray the evil. Is Osije's cave asking for adultery and murder? I think the film eagerly responds yes! How disgraceful the adultery is between these two. Although ridiculous, when they appear to be cured and in the hands of someone in the car, the film's author states that their pleasure is actually a façade: the car collapses on the hill and in the river, killing Giovanni; Police arrest Gino. Although the people sometimes try and defend their unethical behavior, the author intends to say that the ritual will eventually come to chase them. I agree. Both of them come together because they both are very selfish because they are not always happy to be happy and end up in difficult times. This was especially evident after the first sign of difficulties Gino and Giovanni experienced in their relationship: Giovanna's husband can not maintain the life-style in the shade, so he leaves Giovanna and sleeps with another girl. <br /> <br /> In all, the film seems to be very dangerous for its time. However, all viewers are ready to watch such a movie. Prior to the war, happy-lucky films no longer existed. Audience audience is ready to look and think of the difficult characters with critical characters: the reflection of the problems of their lives because of whose lives they are caught in the so-called 'sin'. Osciece, then, serves as a great catalyst for the title title of the film. That is, the landscape revolution that we see today is influenced by the neo-realistic motion picture movement.
