When people hear about the drama of 1940, they generally appear to create a satire distance, which is another Tearzger with major stars in tragic, melancholic characters. This view, however, does not resemble the Neanderthals films, especially this count directed by Luchino Visconti. Once Sensez once started, a kind of original work is still loved by some and strongly criticized by others. Contrary to the content of the film appearing in these 65 years, it seems that the film's content has also occurred, as well as controversial in modern times and in the past. At the same time, based on the James M. Cain novel, The POSTMAN is always one of the most original screen-screenings of his own style, view, and his own art as Rings Rings, director. <br /> <br /> For the first time, Visconti's film seems to be touching psychosomaly and actions by individuals. In life, especially the desire is absorbed. These people make such tragic decisions, despite the terrible consequences they face. Gino (Maximo Girito) travels with a "bear-like shoulder" at a motorway road near Ferraara and enters the dungeon. Although most people are going to go for dinner, Gino is getting some more - too much: the ultimate wish of the beautiful Giovanni (Clara Calama), a woman who is already married to a veteran who runs on the bar, Mr. Giuseppe Bragg (Juan de Landa). From the moment of her body and her song full of mind and the moment of their first love, the couple are planning to get rid of the old barrier and build a new life together ... Can you build love for murder? What is love and what is integrity? Does the desire lead to dangerous addiction or siege? Such questions are seriously generated when watching the movie, especially when the viewer is given an insight into the characters. Since Giovanni has cured all the cures of a depressed conscience, "love for everyone is love" but the wishes are all right and can heal everything? "This is not what one wants ... it is not one, so the content of the film appears to be very dangerous if not analyzed with the intellect and the heart. <br /> <br /> The second is the strongest component that speaks to modern audiences in Oscene: amazing memories and amazing cinematography , Which meets with memorable scenes and visual energy, about 70 years ago The movie is considered a modern viewer that the fun movie is full of fun to look at, all from the flavored romance to the fullest technical shots Gino is a beautiful girl, "Raja Perfetta" (perfect girl), a dancer Anita meets, who is the moment in Ferrara, who buys her ice cream His wishes show him totally different ... The first focus of the camera is that the Giovanni legs represent the love of the love that Gino enjoyed: The miracle of the shot of Gino and Giovanni leaves the trial room and closes the shadow of their shadows and their suspicious look to our attention . <br /> Third, Oscassation can boast wonderful performances from the main couple. Supporting cast. Masmomo Girito said in an interview that he was one of the hardest jobs he made in the film; And yet, as a result, what happens is flawless performance. He portrays a bisexual man who is torn inside the offenses committed by a crime but does not stand for any of his victims remembered by his conscience. His bisexuality is indicated by the character of Lose Spiggo (Eliouxus), who meets Antonia in the most surprising situations. Clara Calamai, who plays the role of leading Anna Magnani, fits well with the character and we may have mentioned that there is a real chemistry between the couple. They are very convinced. In addition, I liked Juan de Longa in the role of Brugana: the old wife did not get to know his wife and was more crazy about art. After performing concert performance, singing his favorite opera tracks, he goes back to his or her hike in empty streets and asks his wife. <br /> <br /> Overall, we are capable of critically perceptible approach to modern audiences, the film should be fairly impartial. It is art for precisely thanks to the above-mentioned aspects, thanks to the controversy that it has a powerful story and it's; And yet, is it educated? Visconti was not Fellini but said he did not bring any message for mankind. In such a case, his pictures are only (not entirely true of Felicia's style, this is not true). Viscini has something to always reveal. What did he want to say here? Cinema with bad marriage? Or is it against the wrong actions of the people who have suffered from desire? The last surprising moments are telling us. You do not agree with vision, OSSESSIONE is really amazingly realistic movie, Visconti's best 8/10
