Whiskey's first feature, Oceesse is a simulation of James M. Cain's The Postman Always Rings Twice. Now I do not know the book or other film versions, but I'm a big fan of Cain's double indemnity (actually I'm more than a fan of Billy Wilder's movie version). Two novellas appear as they should be very similar. Both have an ill-fated affair, a husband's wife complains that her husband is valuable to her morally weak and she is understandable. Giovanna, in the Italian version, played well by Clara Kalamai, not a bad embodiment as a wife in double indemnity, but she looks worse. Her husband (a great performer by Juan de Landa) was a bit brutal, but she hit me as if she was unyielding. She is older and unattractive than she is, so she is fickle. Gino shows, a young, muscular man, takes five minutes to get him into her bed. She wants to be with him forever, but she meets her husband. They break down at first, but when they meet again, they plan to kill the husband (even if it is obviously intentional). They were successful, and returned to the woman's home town to run the bar of her husband. Gino does not like this idea. He wants Giovanni, but one thing he definitely does not want is to sit in the same place in the rest of his life. Their relationship is soon broken. Oscice has a very complex picture with critical characters. It's always lovely, but it does go a bit too long. In two hours and twenty two minutes, I'm not for my life, and how long it took! NeoRealist stylist who invented Visconti within the film is a reason. This is, after all, the first film to win that label. We have seen many actions since the next story is no longer anxious and in real life. I saw several of Visconti's films, the only person I'd ever loved than Rocco and his Brothers (1960). The camera is brilliantly moving and the album is great to direct even when the album moves perfectly. Gino meets after I try to quit Giovanni and I feel like a young (exotic) dancer and the film's best performance by Dhia Cristiani as Partia Time prostitute named Ayia. She only has five or six minutes in the film and she has some lines. It is surprising how Visconti and Christia could do with this role in this short term. She was definitely heartbroken. 9/10.
