George Gershwin's 1928 orchestral piece of "The An American in Paris" featured an exciting seventeenth-minute dance sequence, Duffy in the opening placenta de la Concorde, in Duffy, split into scenes inspired by master artists chosen by Duffy, with a mix of color, music and dance with a perfect and unparalleled skill concert , Difficulty with eye-popping Utrillo nnadi flower market in Paris Street, rauseyu Fair, stunning Place de elopera piece by Vincent Van Gogh, Toulouse-lautrek for the Moulin Rouge and its well-known name Kelly wears a white body. The 97 minutes before this conclusion are not very exciting, not by a long shot, but there are some attractions to see the amount of musical amounts winning in the 1951 Oscar. <br /> Director Vincent Minnelly and screenwriter Alan Ger Lerner is a surprisingly sophisticated fashion, but a slightly kissed romance story is Jerry Mulligan, a former GI in Paris after WWII's last attempt to survive as an artist. In his braggadocio manner and athletic dance style, Jean Kelly can simultaneously ingratiating and irritating a screen persona, but he has to find his oeuvre of carefree Jerry. Love-triangle plot With Jerry's intervention, Milo Roberts is a patron of self-declared arts and has focused on sexual harassment when it comes to young artists. On the first day of the busiest Montmarty nightclub, Jerry Leas is unhealthy, he is a teenager, and he turns out to be a professional entertainer and Jerry's Paul, Adam, a concert pianist's friend, Henry's fiancé. <br /> <br /> The best of these is a fox-scene river in blue clouds fog with a faint romantic song and dance yellow smog lights for "Our Love Is to Stay". Kelly and Leslie Coronn, each one of them, are at first glance, temporarily approaching one another and beautifully synchronizing music to the final cliché. Some movies are beautiful and shortly two people in love. "I Got Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" spotlight Kelly's nimble tap and dance and agreeable singing, while "Embrapsable You" is drawn by Karen in all-over-map description of Henri. Adam. Coren's dance is designed to show the depth of the sequence, while Vera-Ellen performs considerable dance skills when Kelley's sailor character describes his versatile impression of Miss Turnstreams. Lies, the nineteenth-year-old Karen (in her debut film), plays a role that does not play her role with her acting talent as it has been blown up for years. Very attractive, Nina Focch plays an old role as a manipulative mile and Oscar Levant just applies to Adam as her apology, but it's enough to care for her duty. George Gutieri plays Henry as an elegant "I Will Build a Style to Paradise" and you feel bad that he is finally losing a girl. It's not the best around MGM music, but there is enough film magic to make it very expensive. The 2000 DVD has a much better print, but in terms of extras.
