What does it do for the best picture material? The Oscars have come up with a lot stick for the reward of poorly rewarded gift shields, and in the decades the "authors" are ignored. It is not against Hollywood art or creativity. The Academy Awards were chosen by industries, and at least in the classic era, they were rewarded with great collaborations and most sensational conferences in creative minds. <br /> <br /> Freedom unit at Arthur MGM has been the Oscar winner for many years, during this time; This is the time before the Freed, his strong director Vincent Minnelly and the best music stars in the business are the best films. Friede controversially controlled the story and song without losing the dynamic scene of more than 30 songs, making it more contrasting than anyone else. Unlike the feminine musicals, unlike Hummerstein or Lerner, the lyrics of songs do not tell or tell stories. <br /> <br /> The first of the three American frescoes in Paris (the remaining two singing 'In the Rain and the Band Wagon) took over the existing traditional numbers in their original context and worked in a totally unrelated story. Words that do not fit these words, but regular routines fit into the program. So, when Jean Kelly singing I've Got Rhythm, he's not even a girl yet, but it's a great bit of classification full of French children involved, and upbeat tune and dance will require a little lift this time. <br /> <br /> An American in Paris also uses the permission to divide the rules in the genre to include a little extraordinary tour of fancy to tell in the story, such as a series of dances along with Leslie Karen's character. <br /> A good director of this project than himself, a self-styled artist and a pianist? No one really has a better feel for the technician at this time. Some directors fill each scene in each color or filled with colored shades, and Mennyne's color schemes are tightly controlled but not visible. In the opening sequence the tones are well muted, but not brown, especially red. At the meeting of Oscar Levant and Georges Guevier in the café, a few more powerful shades were introduced. Then, in the first musical number, Minnely gradually brought "Strauss" red ?? A table cloth, a group of roses ?? Until it eventually dominates, the song's color scheme energizes. For many songs, the colors are brilliantly portrayed as people. However, in some numbers, such as "tra-la-la", he keeps the shades as it is, and instead the song is frustrating and the characters become more animated. <br /> <br /> Achilles' is the story of An American's Heel in Paris. I personally found it as the last hooray for misogynistic love stories ruled by the Supreme in 30s, which have found the romantic perspective particularly unpalatable; When a respected, sensitive girl loves the leader, the victim and the independent woman will be rejected. Even if you do not mind, it's hard to get emotionally connected with the story because it is constantly wrapped up by songs and dances. Compare this singing 'rain, which does not really have great programs or an American memorable set-piece in Paris, but it has a successful storyline. Synagine in the Rhine was ignored in the 1952 Oscars, and is considered to be the classics of the genre. But I think it is a cinematic instrument that people sometimes forgot all the forms of visual entertainment. An American is not either deep nor attractive or tear-jerking in Paris, but it is definitely a great performance as a specific Demi-like movie to win the best award for the following year.
