Vincent Minnelly directed the most famous entertainment in the history of cinematic history ... He was among the first Hollywood directors to show that the great love of color, movement and music could create intellectual entertainment ... American in Paris, left in France after reading the war The story of the former GI ... he falls in love with a beautiful guy Liz Bourvier ... their romance Love affair lights as bright city ... The whole movie will bring together the touch of French elegance where all come together in perfect synchronization of artistic style and music ... <br /> <br /> She introduces Leslie Caron's exciting personality in the first musical order Screens first ... She looks like a diamond, a touch of class ... George Gwetary different dance styles, sweets and Sophisticated, elegant and magnificent A montage illustrates the unforgettable grace of his fiancé ... Number one leads to a unpretentious bistro, Kelly and his vera best friends sharing a gentle simulator of Viennese waltzes in Paris ... Afterwards Kelly enthusiastic children singing with him A celebrated tap dance with a group celebrates 'I Got Rhythm,' and Massive Jazz Nai At Klelley, Kelly dreams of her dreams ... She immediately hit her shiny blue eyes, and just a clear thing in her mind, pulling luggage on the dance floor and singing to her: "It's very clear, our love is here." <happy> fun, Kelly also offers a room of Oscar Levant's humor, intellect and talent on his brown piano. <br /> When he meets her pretty Cinderella along the Sein River, Carrie meets her joyous meeting with Cuarón ... He expresses her emotions with "Our Love Is to Stay". This piece has a perfect nighttime feel for both lovers bathing in soft, blue smoky light ... they add an enchanting dance-duet to a variety of things ... Caron dancing on his shoulder, then <br /> In the weakest numbers, they run to each other, the story is much less tolerable ... in one, Georges In another, Oscar Lewant imagines he is performing a concert and a piano riddle, but other instruments ... he praised the audience as a member ... The film's eccentric clustic super ballot is very adventure, success in progress, direction and design ... it's love, fury and brightness ya It's lightning ... It's about Kelly's main fantasy and love of Paris through the huge backgrounds of his Las France's most impressionist painters ... This number starts. A sketch with a black diagram ... It earns the most important parts of the film's story through the ever-changing locations, all in the style of Jerry-influenced artists ... touring, great, attractive and awesome atmosphere, space <br /> <br /> Kelly has a moorin rouge representation Randy-Wuess at Montlerrey with the Cancun dancers at the Madeline Flower Market, The Place de L'Opera denies her physical self-borders ... Caron seems to be dominating her space and seems to have been away from time to time ... <br /> <br /> Nina Fach looked so attractive and elegant in her white gown that she resisted. ... One of the most famous lines of the film, Kelly asks her: 'I'm pretty good at it. <br /> <br /> 'An American in Paris' earned six Oscars and Jean Kelly awarded the award ... This film gave us a wealth. Memories to take home ...
