Arnold Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Spher, Edith Cleaver, Aeiz Hugland and Reiner Goldberg, Wonne Minton, Wolfgang Scan, Director Hans-Jürgen Cibberberg Voices, ParsiFal (1982), Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, In the German school film, the 1982 film Wagner's final masterpiece, compatible with the Tans of Symbolism and Ingmar Bergmannesque Surrealism, was written and written by Parsisfall, Good Friday / Easter and the sanctity of the Beatr Obero House. The film certainly follows concert and storytelling, but in the way it was filmed and performed, Bold and Avant-Garde and other Parsispall takes crown in its weird cinematography. Cibberberg is famous for controversial films. Before the film he released films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal anti-Semitism and a documentary about one of his grand-daughters, Winfred Wagner. This film is probably worried in many respects. ParsiFal (a rendered by Reiner Goldberg but played by Michael Kutter) was a man of the first part of the film and subsequently transformed into a woman after the mantra of the kisses of kiss. This sex-trap element displays the feminine / masculine / ying-yang nature of the search for the Holy Grail, which returns it through human blood and the blood of Christ. The pagan sorcerer includes the photographs of the poorly infamous individuals such as Clementor Castle, Hitler, Neetz, Kosima Wagner and Wagner's mistress Matthie Vesenteck. The Swaztika flag outside the fort is hanging. Parsiphal journeys in the 19th and 20th centuries throughout the film. Exciting Flower Maidens are naked. Beautiful from Kundry Genesis but filmed as a sort of corrupt Mary Magdalene or Eve (played by Edith Cleaver but beautifully sung by Mezzo-Soprano Yvonne Mitten). In the end, the film is for the bizarre Germanic / European symbolic metaphiction fans and Wagner Opera's markers, history and lovers for appreciating intellectuals. In fact, the singing is grand and compelling. Reiser Goldberg's ParsiFal is focused and intensely vocal, but it does not have the depth and overall greatness of the parsiephars of the platform - James King, Wolfgang Windgasen, René Hill, and today's own Placido Domingo. Yvone Mitten is a delicate-voiced, dramatic and exciting kundry, perfectly delving into her tormented state. While this product is definitely traditionally and un-wagnerian (Wagner's concept is Greys, Spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, dark magician, coming out of the darkness of darkness, the common vagnerian themes) is a Christian festival. It's still a fun, art house movie.
