I do not know anything about Chakotat before my impression. I do not know anything about story, cast, director or movie history. I know this is a very acclaimed French film. I learned more and I could not see a picture with an open mind. On paper, I'm not interested in the premise. I learned about the chocolate, which was limited to my limit. Nevertheless, it was a joy to know about the story. Overall, where the story goes, what the characters do, and the ultimate result is no basis for me. It's not an imaginary picture but it's nothing else. In fact, in the last stories this story is told. To tell the story in a flashback is often a risky step in filmmakers. Since the main character in today's role, the audience will be alive. By using the flashback technique, director Claire Dean can assure viewers that the audience will do better without physical damage, giving the idea that Chhotat is more of a story than the emotions outside Chhotat. Less filmmaker gives France a bizarre-face face, one that screams a chaos and abnormal childhood. Instead, Denis presents a beautiful girl, a fine-looking man outside France. <br /> <br /> Chicago has more about Chacocat since France has given screen time about France. ನಾನು, chocolate was really about how a mother's actions affect her daughter. How can parental behavior be with their offspring? In this story France was not destroyed by her mother's actions, and her mother's actions were clearly visible in France. While France does not affect all of his mother's actions, the past ambiguity is irrelevant. <br /> <br /> For a film dealing with two time periods, past and present, chocolate is very good, there is no scene in excess fat. The scenes seem to be unnecessary in space. The film has a good rhythm, editing is crisp and only necessary to tell the story. Chocolate is one of the best French films I've seen with a well-written story, solid editing and direction. It was responsible for launching Claire Denis's career and for good reason: It was a wonderful direction.
