Claire Denis Chaccotat, set in the camerons of West Africa in the 1950s, is a beautifully photographed and emotionally resonant sound poem, depicting the effects of colonialism dying in a young family during the last years of the French rule. The film is similar to the recent novel in Africa, although the films are very different in range and emphasis. The film is said to be an adult perspective coming back to his childhood home in a foreign country. France Dollons (Miriley Pierrer), traveling through Cameroon, as a government official in Cameroon, recalls her childhood and had a friendly friendship with her brooding monumental, Prattie (Isach de Baco). The film's heart, however, revolves around France's mother Aimee (Giulia Boschi) and hates the relationship between Proteee that she experiences love / hate sexual tension. <br /> <br /> The house is divided into public and private places. The White House chambers have all the limits except private and home-based Protaye, but the servants need to move their naked bronze bodies to the outside of the white families gates and outdoors. This is evident when her husband Mark (François Clujet) is merely attracted to each other by sexually appearing, both Iames and Prostate. In the course of her telling, she invites her to bedroom, and she discovers that she is in the mirror and disgusting the two poses with one another in the mirror in their eyes, no mutual bans. <br /> <br /> Young France (Cecile Dukasses) also takes food from his ward, eats him from his plate, eating her ankles and carries her on her shoulders in the night sky under the sky. Despite their relationship, the true nature of their employer-servant is clear, taking her home immediately to interrupt her conversation with the French teacher, standing beside her at the dinner table. When a plane loses its propeller and forced to land in the nearby mountains, the staff can be moved and passengers move into the compound until the alternate passage to the place. Each visitor exhibits their frustration towards the Africans, one who brings a coffee plantation owner to his black mistress who hides the rest of the food from the kitchen. Another, Luke (Jean-Claude Adelin), a proud white Frenchman, overcame ethnic balance when he uses the outside shower, eats with the service, and blames her attraction for Protai for her attractive late-night embarrassment. <br /> <br /> Choctat is fantastically autobiographical, received from the childhood memories of the director, and is slowly moving and the mystery of the land that it is portrayed is mystical like being alone. Denis tells about the effects of colonialism without promoting her role or romancing. No victims or oppressors, there are no ordinary good guys. Proste is a servant, but he is also a savior when he and his daughter are sleeping to protect them from a rampaging haina. This is not a man, but a person, but the bank kills his character because of his role in reducing respect and pain. Western publishers have to work hard to appreciate the film due to its pace and Denise in the phrase "coach our emotions" in Ronin Ebert's phrase. The truth of Chocolat is in gestures and glances that affect our heart's silent desire.
