Scotland artist Andy Golds Weddy produces natural resources as ephemeral masterpieces, molding stones into egg-shaped cairns, fountains of rivers and thorns and thorns and thorns into web-based techniques. Some photographs of a genuine work and his other creations stay away from the corner of the Southampton Art Gallery (near to where I live), but I'm surprised at the Goalsworth work, even though I find these pieces admirably, <br /> <br /> Beautiful instrument by Fred Frit In addition to the soundtrack, Thomas Riedelheimer's film, GoldenEvery and his art Brings to life, showing the artist at work. The opening scene combines the ecological era with a snake-like thread on a tree-stump. Golds ware crafts that work with his teeth and bare hands are a beautiful and transparent task. The longest sculptural sculpture in the Nova Scotia sunshine stops nothing. The scene is very beautiful in the film, but the performance of Golds Worthy is wide and remarkable. Riedelheimer shows both the successes and failures, and the frustration of pieces that collapse before they finish, as well as a few hours, minutes or seconds. Golds Worthy offers himself a slow but thoughtful story about the themes in his work. He seems to be working to work with nature, even if it seems to work against him, but he will do his best to improve his understanding of it by trying to work with natural materials. At times he is land and joked from the ground; Are you fighting for words to express his intentions at other times? It is something that most understand when looking at the first hand of his fairytale work. The title's 'reverse and tides' have grown, with natural forms going into the arms of the artists, from one form to the next. <br /> <br /> Golds ware is tired of the film, although it works with a wide variety of objects and covers the territory across North America and Europe; It gave me the same feeling of fatigue that I get to spend a long time in an art gallery and fight to take anything new. A short break that we have introduced to Andy's family and his hometown breaks down the long legacy of his masterpieces. Nevertheless, Riedelheimer does a great job in recognizing Golds Worthy and his creations, recognizing them from their Canadian rivers to the rainy Scottish mountain range, in their vast environments. Appropriately, the film ends with ice cream cutting of land and sky with Goldworth. Plants from the dust particles come to light when spraying into the air; This is a pure expression of beauty that is seen in the work of this remarkable artist.
