Zero day has a purpose and it's not just fun, its specialty provides a message about school fires. Charting the lives of two friends Andre and Cal will lead to an attack in their high school. <br /> <br /> The film began somewhat in common style and met briefly with the boys' families after announcing that it was an impromptu attack on teenage teenage style. We are not in advance with business with the boys showing up in the controversial scenario of how to build guns, their fetic love, their expanded unhealthy fantasy fantasies and pipe bombs. <br /> <br /> So what is the movie trying to say? These killers are really motivated. It really is hard to understand. They do not always come across cold blood mental illnesses, and they are planning a foul cruelty. I think it is a genius in Zero day. Call and Andre talk about what they do at a different level, how are the rest of us, and how they 'come back to us'. Like Columbine's assassins, they really feel superior. Call and Andre's value system like Necy's Recy Sentiment seems to have been rejected from their community. And yet we are only given this one, for example the expression of hate for a famous athlete. So where is the inspiration? What I think is that Coccio does not have two people to be a symbol of authority and no reasonable location. Hence they get more attention than the mass murder and they can ever perceive. Though some of the school shooters can do serious things, even though they come from good stable homes. The murder is part of a fantasy, Call and Andre completely lose their fantasy, they can not see the reality of their actions. They switched to the fantasy tragedy. <br /> <br /> The role that makes both of the film very complicated is character development and unique dependence called Call and Andre. Andrey has publicly divorced the leader of the two films, and in his attitude and concert's hug is somewhat forceful. Andre Bottom, Andre is serious and serious. He closes the rest of his family except his family, is accurate and accurate about everything he has done and a major transporter in the plot to attack school for some time. He likes his own way, he does not accept the nonsense of teens and some have been forced to admit to him, and these moments are disturbing us by Andrew's futuristic humorous minds and disturbed by the audience who liked us as potential victims. On the other hand, call is more relaxed than Andrei. He is still in his own way. He has many personal moments with the video diary of the call, who is alone and in the scenes from André. The call seems to be struggling with its own demons and utilizes their plan to breathe themselves. Andre is an envy of calling going to pro with an old friend, he wants to call all the call. The call meets André and encourages him. For the first time in his life, Andre believed him and found that he had found the person who liked him, he could not lose it. <br /> <br /> This film is certainly picked up by the pace and reaches its terrible end. There is an amazing moment when the call is high on the high school prom. Suddenly the star of the film is cowardly and intrusive, not easily with his companions. Furthermore, we prefer to feel more connection with the call of childhood pornography rather than listening to the juvenile profanity when quiet lame groups drink too much in their lemon. Theirs are very common and noticeable. We should not have a relationship with them, and it is over and the call is back and silently made one of their last videos with Andre, safe in the virtual world created by characters. <br /> <br /> "Final video Andrey and Call are a weapon that can be a moment in their car before the attack." This is a very real and really upcoming doom We learn Call and Andre and actually know that we're going to do it, we're also a kind of fascinating fascination that can attract swords. We're surprised at the CCTV fashion's massacre shot And it certainly is not absolutely optional if we're going to unfortunately the flaws are not vacant.What we call and the sudden radical change of Andre's understanding is this person looking at them and suddenly they are reluctant killers who know we have turned to be willing to say they are violent And true The leaders of our heroes have become demons and the reality of their fantasy is a terrible tragedy that spends all of them. <br /> In the final scenes, Andre and they are bored and remorseful. <br /> Andrew And those who are called the call call us permanently, they will never be able to go forever and they can not win anyone. <br /> Zero day, transmission system. It is worth the experience of studying a character.
