There are two different ways for this snapily written, seminal TV show ("Godfather" X-Files and Buffy, etc.); A monster show (scared hell from me when I was a child!), Or well-written / starring Gamso / film-noir. It works on two levels. Scariness may have been thin in years (it made in the mid 70s), but I was actually pleasantly surprised to rediscovering the program (through DVD) that it enjoyed. Darren McGuin IS is a Carrackle, an exceptional, good memory, wandering newspaper / monster-hunter, who always finds a psychic angle to continue a story; Kolchak's more stress pain, bass Toni Vincenzo (even at the end, played with great world tired by the great Simon Oakland; you can practically experience his junior ulcers!). These characters are mutually sharp and intriguing (most STAR Trek's Spock and McCoy, more acidic!). In two pilot TV movies and one-season series, Kolchack fights against vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government conspirators, aliens, and ancient legends (all nine years of X-Files! In ONE season!). And Kolhak was originally made! And the composer Gill Melley's cool, partly-whistled main title music ... Well, X-Files creator Chris Carter called a 'tribute' of Mike Snow's (most similar) X-Files main title theme. Both themes work well; Leave at that. And unlike many modern horror / science fiction performances, the majority of KOLCHAK's monsters are in shadows and fast cuts (both efficient and sometimes grateful, some of which can not hold up to modern observation but some still do). Note that the modern horror shows: less yet! One of the few disadvantages of the show (and this is a small one) is the high-use of Sunny, the cities in California are heading to the city of Chicago. Night gallery is the same problem; Modest-budget, L.A. Unmatched for powered display. And some supporting characters (now) Comic Cleies (Supreme Reporter, Ron Update, always used for comic relief; sweet, old woman / advice columnist Emily). But, they have all their moments shine (many supported TV characters from UNLIKE Cliche or not!). KOLCHAK is a timeless show, which works as a template after many. And Karl Kolchak is one of the most richest characters ever written for the horror-style TV show (The Real Father of Agent Mulder). And as a footnote, I tried to see some episodes of the new, "imaginative" of the show. Is it an X-Files clone (copy copy)? And that's a bad one. Karl Cochlek is now model-beautiful and eagerly 30-something (played by boring Stuart Townsend). And giving him a Scully-type partner is also a lame thought; It weakens Colchach as a single, Don Quikote Crusader! And where is the tension between Colchak and Vincenzo? This redefinition is selected by choosing to hang a KOLCHAK name in a bit: A major example of how to make a remake is: Take a beloved worship series, remove everything about it and clear all the character and color of the name! That's the need for the religion!), And voilà! Instant re-hash! It gets a 'F' in Re-Imaging 101! This new version mocked the ax! Stick with a short-lived, but classic original. It's really good with age.
