I loved Colhaw: I had a night staller night on September 13, 1974. Gill Melley (Hi, Soundtrack Guys? Whenever I'm working on this program as a whole and as a final decision, it does not appear to be any other horrendous performance when many others are not a simple and important subject, and the main role is that many people have a daily basis. McGavin's Karl Kolcak finds the odd conditions When he starts, he likes many people, and he finds them odd and he is afraid of danger, he feels, if he ever gets scared, he's trying to get lost in that episode, which is rare enough to stand up against some superior supernatural power. Set up Sometimes, he seems surprised he managed to defeat an enemy like us.In an episode, he goes to find a monster in a sewage, but when he first sees, he goes out to get out of there, but he is reluctant He went back and saw him Dukovali. But he probably would not quite think that instead of him because he was heroic because he did not want to do so many things for us. He is a simple guy, doing a job, trying to make a buck, but not a monster-hunter. He was surrounded by the intellectual tasks he was interested in, but he did not want anyone to hurt or kill anyone more than anything else. If his plan does not work to defeat the living, you will see him running to escape his life, which I will do in a situation. That's why I'm often looking at the climax of performances by my fingers as a little kid. Kolchak disliked and cared for him if something bad happened. You are afraid of him and other characters. Producers and writers have learned that anyone can create a monster suit, horror music and live suspense scene, but if you do not care about the characters it's all about. Darren McGaughn said that he was tired of the "monster of the week" due to the season only and decided not to continue. You can say that I am regretting when this presentation is canceled when I was a child, but as an adult, I can see why it is not too long in that formula. I'm still working on 20 episodes and two films as a male, decisive and brush, but I love the good-hearted journalist for the INS, which is called Carl Cochleck. I really appreciate those who really love movies or movies in the show. Although they are all important ingredients, it's not monsters, dark-lit sets, creepy music or goofy guest stars. Its success in the title is the secret - "Kolchak: Night Stalker". McGavin's lovely, Karl Kolchk is not just a night stalker, but it does not warm up and take care.
