There are more to offer at the beginning of the Ad Couple than most of the movies. Felix Unger (the poor man's monogram also curses him) enters a New York hotel. A Clean Lady "Good Night." "Goodbye," he replied. In his room he empties his pockets and then fights his wife and beloved children and fights his wedding ring to keep things in a cover. When the viewer finally joined it ?? Aha, do you go to herself? Are we struggling to open the window for him? Oh no, he's going to jump ?? The poor man injured his low back. What do you need to know about Felix Uunger? His wife left him, he was a compulsive cleaner and he was a descendant. And all in one scene. Is this Neil Simon comic special genius ?? It's about the situation and the character. Are there some obvious physical jokes ?? Graz has no kicks, no cheap gags? Only funny characters in uncomfortable situations. And, of course, he is a teacher who deceives the audience's expectations. Imagine what I thought in the scene of the date when Fingers started to get out of the Swingers era and began to inquire about the breaking of her marriage to girls who worked very hard to get her apartment in her apartment. He's blowing it, right? Think again. The girls love their sensitivity and the ability to scream in front of them. Oscar is not showing enough attention because they invite him to his place, because his flesh is burned down. He's like Flynn, right? Oh, yes, but you do not want to go with the girls because he is suffering from it. Great thing. And it reduces editing and increases the magnificent eight room apartment set. Why will you lick Chucksky for Jack Lemon and slouchy, pouchy Walter Matthau? The visual style reminds me of Breakfast at Tiffany's, the great effect is made from the larger depths of the field and interplay between different planes of action. Felix, especially escaping from the Oscars, sees the sequence that closes the partition, particularly closing the partition. You will get a real sense of the layout of the apartment and therefore are close to two divorce dwellings. Is there twist here that these two are really married ?? To each other. So all the sharpness of the two married guys are the observations of a married life that is omitted in a simple romantic comedy.
