The film is very erroneous, but it is usually based on the horror watching and cover / wearing version of the film on US television and has also issued death penalties for VHS and DVD buying companies alpha, unicorn, etc. The film was not released in theaters in the states, although it was selected by Eco Embassy in 1973. During the time of nudity in Spain, filmmakers filmed two versions, one of which was filmed with clothes and one. The fully uncutted English dubbed export print is named WEREWOLF, and only in SLEEPS and 80, the only home video in Sweden is released. It can be seen in Ebay and likes and comes highly recommended. I have a view to cut the avocado movie for an RR release which no one else has ever done. In 1974, AVCO was named Television, named Valve's Television and used the version of the dress for this TV print. 12 years later cut and Wolfman's Form Charter labeled onto the home video on the label. This version appears to be re-released in the Abo '73. This is a non-visible version that does not pass on TV or a PG image. There are many scenes on the charter tape to play with nudity wearing on TV print (the origin of that dollar dud and VHS editions). But a comparison of the totally uncut wolfman slips reveals that 2 scenes are cut on this version! (Spies in the next paragraph) Ivan Vadermar was shot in the wall after he had turned into wolves and was shot incomplete. After whip him into submission, she starts to remove her clothes and begins to love the towolf! Fellow people also respond favorably to these sexual mystical skills. This scene is certainly the most extraordinary in the history of horror films and is a strange treat. This is not a graphic, but it is highlighted for US audiences or most MPAA. Ilnów Waldemar was desperately in love and could not have him, so she had control over Wilder's Wife's entire scheme and had an affair with her. She wanted to ruin her marriage, and she fulfilled this when she was in Waltmah Tibet. Unfortunately, he returns as a wolf, but this does not reduce her slightly. If she is not a physician, she loves her to be sexually with him. It also helps explain the scene down the werewolf beds with a woman spots to get naked before bedtime while she's peeping through the window. The sans nude on this scenery cover version has been demonstrated and really makes no sense. In the uncut version, Ellena's feelings seemed to have been waved with the wolflee horn and release, so he raped the first lady after fleeing. The other scene of Waltmah's bed with Karen, she looks naked. A similar bedroom scene was also removed from the US version of the WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN). This film is causing some problems. The original widescreen format and uncensored (ie: WEREWOLF forever SLEEPS), the director's drunk, wolf at points, unfortunately English dubbing, Waltman film Mark of the Wolfman aka Blagedy Terror of Aka Frankenstein, and the first sequences from the silly overlap of the film's musical score throughout ) That saw the Danesky Wadelele series Darunamainadi ka and most violent, it's everything but the kitchen sink approach to fit into the plot line. The cut / wearing pan and the scan of this film are not suitable for full screen copies, and unfortunately this film is almost like everyone commenting. The film had a copyright of 1970s, and I paid a 1972 release date in IMDb. The film was earlier released by WEREWOLF SHADOW (or WERWOLF VS the Vampire WOMAN) and was released before WEREWOLF SHADOW. The end of WEREWOLF ends with Wolfman's foul directly straight at the beginning of WEREWOLF SHADOW, offering concrete evidence of this. Sadly this full version is never a good release. A thorough release is in English with English subtitles rather than the English version. English dubbing hurts this picture seriously. But reflects any Spanish-language version as shown in Spain in the François era, where nudity is Verbaten.
