When I saw this presentation, I saw again and returned to the IFC. This is great about the many stories of migrant laborers who came to Hawaii to work in the sugar gardens in the early 1900s. My grandparents were part of that immigration; My parents were born in the Kohala Gardens (Big Island) during the film. A year ago I went to Big Island after I lived in California for more than 30 years. After a few years of closure of plantations, sugarcane growing lands are still growing, and I'm surprised that wild cane is still growing. I have heard many stories from my in-laws and paternal grandparents who are facing plantation. The film helps to capture these stories, stories and memories. The story is much more of a historical document than a romantic plot-driven film. It shakes my head to read a review like ccthemovieman. <br /> <br /> I did not remember you played Yuki Kodoh, so she did a fantastic job. I played Jim Jurmouse's "Mystery Rail" and her greatest performances in the Australian film with Russell Crowe, "Heaven's Burning". Tomin Tonita her pidgin worked great in English, especially the ones who did not grow up on the islands. I forgot that I was in the role of a show starring Toshoro muffin motion pictures. I'm sure Jason Scott Lee has an involuntary, non-speaking piece that is one of the plantation workers in a poor scene. <br /> <br /> I was scared to know that director and co-writer Cayo Hatta was drowned in 2005. <br /> There are two other amazing foreign films in the mirror: Sugar Plantation Experience: "Gaijin" (at the same time many Japanese) about migrant workers in Brazil, at the same time; And "Sugar Cane Alley" about the experience of sugar cane plantations in Africa. The latter is still available, but "Gaijin", sadly, does not seem to be shown in a long time. Another great film about early Asian in America was the "A Thousand Pieces of Gold" when immigrants were enslaved. It involves Chinese workers' involvement in the Railroad Building, starring Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan, and Dennis Dun.
