So far, the best film director is made in Haim Bjög. An excellent expert director, well-known for story-telling and directing his actors through lengthy legends, tried to catch a low budget film, a summary of specific psychological conditions that resulted in permanent threats to the terror of Israel, resulting in 'twisted' lives. Each character tries to live his own life, watch and control the other, controls himself through political and historical forces beyond his role and is controlled by other characters and controls by continuous pressure. Some call this function, but the fate in this film is very concrete representation. <br /> <br /> 'Distortion' does not have any explicit political sayings. The letters can never talk about politics, not the level of 'bastards'. When they hear a new terror attack will occur. Their reaction to the events is to calculate the victims using the official and medium vocabulary for local and dead and injured. They do not really live but are happy when they're happy to survive a bomb and wait for the next one to come. Personal, social, and professional life seems to be working somewhat, but it is deeply flawed by events. The main character played by the director, the pressure of events and the medieval personal and creative crisis is widespread and he is fortunate to leave the site for a few minutes before the bomb blast. Another failing person, a former army officer, breaks down his business and family life through these programs - he appoints a personal detective to follow his girlfriend as a TV investigator in his next program. He has started writing a carbon-report that he has written on the report and brings the stage in a movie scene reminiscent of Hamlet as 'Sainakado, New York'. I do not wear Charlie Kaufmann looking on the shoulder of Bazzie, he does not necessarily need, but the Israeli director's screen (and the first to be directed by Kaufmann) is fantastic in advance. Playing real people in American film actors, realty-encountered-meets-began to interact with them in reality melting, which is not logical, at least not artistic logic. <br /> <br /> His performances in the Bourgeon are simple talents, trusts them and allows them to live then living by living conditions. Though he received from American horror films, his style is much more than his TV series, and has 'distortion effects'. The ending has dramatically been a little rhetorical and unsatisfactory, but the picture of the suicide killer who hunts a viewer in a temporary loop while reciting the movie also follows the audience.
