Distortion is a disturbing, haunting picture about life, reflecting art and art reflecting art. The film director plays the role of black and sexier eunuch journalist Hemm Boujag as an artist who triggers her suspicions about her girlfriend's documentary on Haven Boug. As an Arab suicide bomber, Skull Lock and the American T-shirt disguises his goal and his nerves through land in search, Hem portrays her girlfriend's life documentary and renders herself and the lives of her actors during rehearsals. But the bomber already stuck and Hem left the restaurant just minutes ago. The story is a crystal clear commentary on the "distortion" of the life of Israel every day, crystal clear, comprehensive and absorbing, political talent, where everyone is living on "the edge" and plays the role of others in the dramatic narrative or dramatic of others A bit like a bit player that can only be delivered in the story Unknown is unknown. <br /> <br /> This concept plays a role in Boujag with this feeling of appreciation for each and every actor. The fictional director looks unfairly and sees what "Real" director has revealed. To remind us that these moments are a violation of privacy, Bouzaglo takes us into the bathroom and bedroom (sometimes there is bedroom street and ceiling), and repeatedly frames his views on TV, video, or security screens. Actors play the role of actors who represent the "real" characters acting. In fact, each of the actors is familiar with his or her own production and their limited roles in individual films of their fellow actor. The role of the playwright is the role played by the detective. The actor who has been appointed to take the role of a detective seeks a detective for "tips" on how to play the role, captured by detective on surveillance tapes, and they cast their cast as party members as their real people. <br /> <br /> Despite this multilanguage perspective, the obvious lines of this story are not understood incorrectly: the drama searches for the subject, the bomber reaches the target and the detective comedy becomes the filmmaker. Bezag's Ultimate Target, unwanted and impotent Israel, has no difficulty in fully realizing the threat of intimidation and lacking meaningful action. In Israel's Boujez, a fictional journalist who can not afford his own life cannibalism for his play. Israel is also a bankrupt-soldier, who is a documentary filmmaker, fraudster and actress of actress and a hired husband. They are all Israel because they are all helpless, as bombs scan the landscape for his best goal, catch in action or aimless action. <br /> Personal victory, elimination, Probably there is a revenge on a day in a story at the end of the film. , But viewers are painful to the state of Israel, even though a person's story is filled with praise for the crucial role of Bowoug's misfortune.
