Stress Wes Craven's last good thriller. Since then the unsustainable flow of Hollywood's worst is not good enough for a blockbuster night, including the scream sequel's disappointment. The intellectual and handicraft dedicated to the film lost all the energy and creativity that came out of him, so that when he came to dine, he had nothing to serve us but his own doe. Finally, after a lot of bad movies, he gives a delicious, cruel, memorable suspense thriller with Red Eye. <br /> <br /> Rachel McAdams is once again the owner of a hotel who is an important politician who is unfortunate and is regular at her hotel. She then meets Jackson Ripner (Sillian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, after a long flight and bay wind. She does not know what she already knows. <br /> <br /> She knows her father, she has never seen Jackson's demands and fails to meet her - not just your imagination with predictable and chase scenes. Even though this is a good old fashion thriller, it's beauty. No special effects. Not cheap. Just classic suspense. <br /> <br /> The Macadamas are forced to make every decision to make her happy in every museum, avoiding her claustrophobic position, with frustration and sadness. An entertaining and convincing performance. This is her extraordinary ability to cry her sweet face or sincerely, but she always feels sympathetic to her if she demands her role. On the other hand, Sillian Murphy looks naturally creepy, although the trailer does not reveal it, it is not surprising for the strangely unaccompanied Jacques from his ultimate transition. Perhaps it was a great trip to see a good guy like Toby Maguire, who was a bad relentless madman. However, after Sillyan Murphy founded his true identity, he wanted to kill him, or at least kicked his ass, thinking he had played his role. <br /> <br /> Do not check this feature. Plenty of delicate moments and heart zempers are placing your eyes on the screen, which are the most recent films of your cousin's Crewen. Not for you, do it for all the time you will see someone with your girlfriend, or boyfriend, or popcorn jump and cling on you. Wes finally got it right. In addition to his trademark expertise in suspense, Red Eye is not without its humor, putting Cynthia in place of McAdams before making the hotel first. It is a relief that Red Eye is not disappointing. Instead you will be pleased to see McAdams performing another incredible talent, the classic Traditional Thriller Craven Croft, watching the crease for Murphy. It was late and started to revive Craven's renaissance, which came right after the scream.
