KELLS Secret is an amazingly first animation feature which will dazzle your eye and move your heart. There is a limited budget and some limited animation deficiencies by visual poetry of young Brendan's adventurous exploration to become Master Illuminators in the Dark Ages. Historically it happened in the late 8th century, centers of Irish learning were largely driven by Vikings. The Vikings are found here as brutal foes, explosive horns and the equivalent of the northern seas in the eastern region of Mongolia. The description of the film --- it works like an illustration - who seeks to create beauty in the darkness of his darkness shines during his dark, and his tough Uncle Abbott - who seeks to defend Kels and his nephew town with a roof wall that hinders against Narsen. Abbott ignores the value of Brendan's art in his quest for safety. This film is an external clash. Brendan's internal confrontation is to discover the secret eye of a creative bubble, allowing it to complete the most difficult painting in the books of Kels. <br /> <br /> The eye is guarded by a dragon ooroboros, and the Vikings that are suitable for the quest will not be killed (I have a lot of story out there!) <br /> <br /> In the great works of survival west from 1200 years ago I really like the film as some of the imaginative insights of its creators. The letters are styled in flat abstract patterns defined by line as in the original book of kells. (Especially monk Aidan's pet cat, defined in a few lines, and more fully-and wonderfully metamorphically feline.) Brendan and other animated characters give their finances to the abstract design The awesome tribute to the emotional range is the artistry of his and his animators. To complete the dramatic effect of the scene given by the decorative edges on the edge of the film, and the brightness from the dark ages this feature is brought to an amazing animated life in the Secret of KELLS. However, historic dramas generally tell us about our own times than the times when these plays are trying to portray. However, by introducing arctipal elements into the story, the writers and director of Kells Secret are mentally unaware of the life that lived long ago in Ireland, but this is partial historical fact. (The Club of Artists in the Secret of KELLS is a rogue-like illuminators band that is not historically significant, but they are well designed and personalized characters, this quintilely Irish story.) Animation assumed us best, helping me to understand the visual art of different times and cultures. The film's superb art direction has evidently derived from its historical visual sources, but it wisely adopted the animated story's demands; If animations are in the dark ages, Kells secret is what it looks like! In the end, Brendan's hero's quest in the film explores the artist's eternity to tell the spirit of beauty, life and motivation. (Prechy or not particularly Christian, confirms that the film says "Man Bread is not live alone") My estimation is about the creative process of visual artists Andrek Tarkovsky's Andrei Rublevy, great Russian icon painter of the 15th century. KELLS expresses the same feel of mystery and recreation about the secret artist's creative quest and creative process. It's not exactly Andrei Rublev, but --- Heck --- its a cartoon! (And it is one which appeals to young and old alike.) I think this film holds a more repetitive view: thus stylized by its own modest life, this stylized secret of KELLS is a classic.
