By 1945 and after a string of solid WWII campaign episodes, he began to reduce Errol Flynn's grip on the US box office, and he started a series of films related to the genre, despite his dwindling burden, his name: swashbuckler. The first of these is really good - the adventures of Don Juan (1948) - but it was proven to be his last big budget Hollywood actress vehicle. The remaining days of his knife-assertions are wandering throughout Europe: Kimteen Fabian (England in 1951) and KIM (1950), BASTANTRAE MASTER (1953) and DARK AVENGER (1955) William Tell (1953) for Italy's advisers and low-sighted crossed wads (1954). However, Hollywood has warned him for one last time in his old seabed route - he's been a little bit-budgeted than a Warner Bros. '' Unlike the film, while he's been on his summit ... Here the climb up the screen, but the old and flabbier Flynn is like the shadow of his former self Maybe, his red-headed lady Maureen O'Hara wants to treat as sexist and a woman who crawls deep down who is a Tomby Buccaneer leader on a field day. Antony Quinn is only a few years away from the vehicle he has played more than his lifetime, so here he is usually seen as a buddy - pirate captain Roque Brasciano, Like a Black Shield of Fallworth (1954) - a pre-view - all the flags are constantly watching TV watching my favorite childhood days when the old-time Hollywood films are sorted in both local and neighboring Italian. <br /> I know it's the first pirate film I've ever seen and with the opinion of today's young people I'm scared about what the CARIBBEAN trio is all about buccaneering! As I mentioned earlier, all the flags may not be the best pirate yarn that has already brought up the screen, but this is the same as the fruitful genre. Nowadays, the child-like Indian princess (Alice Kelly) is constantly stable on the pirate Captain Flynn, which is a fierce stupid, the rest - SEA Hack (1940) and Black SWAN (1942), to describe the best of the marine operations of its respective stars - Is engaged in speed and reasonably. Incidentally, the film was later rebuilt with Dow McQueer as King Pirate (1967)! <br /> <br /> It is not worth it, the unprecedented modern franchise box office success, many inspired film studios dug up their catalog switchbacking titles, releasing them on DVD, and in fact a poor idea of ​​"Pirates of the Golden Age Movie Collection" produced by Universal There is also a gemstone, which is bouqueners (1950; with Vivienne de Carlo), Doull Cr Osburns (1951; Donald O'Connor) and Annie Buchner (1952; with Geoff Chandler)! Value for money, maybe, so far, I have only earned Erol Flynn's film from other sources; However, if the mood has touched me in the future, I would like to put my hands on the naval marine adventures of Edward Demimatic's Mutin (1952), the previously mentioned Annie Buccaneer and Tortuga (1961).
