After hitting the viewers with three different parts from the bat, Serling continued to introduce audiences in a very strange way by scheduling as the fourth episode of a large array of shorts in The Twilight Zone. 'The Sixteen-Millimeter Shrine' is one of the worst departments, aging focusing on the inability of the film star to introduce only a supernatural element in minutes to overcome and close the changing times. Because of this approach, the episode is cool for the first time, but subsequent views have shown it a completely classy and beautifully short story. <br /> <br /> The two main characters, Ida Lupino Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam her shy but caring agent, shine in their performances. The main problem with the episode is that the actress's 25-year-old footage is unexpected. Lupine is identical when playing a young Trent while playing a middle-aged trent, which can significantly reduce the tragedy of the situation. Fortunately, Lupine has previously relied on his frustration and stopped his socks. It's very sympathetic, and Trent is far from a sympathetic character. She is an active withered co-star, who is a prime minister-a donor who thinks about her feelings around her, and acts as her fame, how long she remembers her days. It's somewhat awesome, then, giving her a happy ending. This is clear what will happen from the moment we see a huge projection screen, and it was cleverly removed early in the early moments when Trent scared his maiden by moving it off the back of the screen. Initially not clear, whether or not we would appreciate whether the projector is sucked into the projector and whether it's a gift or a tough lesson that will live in the moment. As it turns out, Trent is permitted to return to the past, a rule for how serious mankind can be. <br /> <br /> 'Sixteen-millimeter Shrine'. Although we never return, the top line composition and acting combine to create a small drama of the best power that reflects the nature of humans from the time of the past. Except in the twilight zone.
