Elvis Mistress of the Dark (1988): Cassandra Petersen, Daniel Green, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kelmerman, Eddie McGuilaugh, Jeff Conway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tess MacNeil, Dmitry Joe Freeman, Mario Celery, William Dance, Lee McLoughlin Charles Woolf, Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Hadden, Frank Collinsson Tv Icon, Elvira, Elvira, Tim Hill, Scott, Scott, known as Nanny Stewart, Mary Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetty, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Eve Smith, Raleigh Bond, Tony Burrier, Elvira, Mistress of the Dark 80 , James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signerial ... Screenplay Sam Egan, John Paragon. The cable has its own night show. She hosted classic American horror films, most of them campie, she has provided her own criticism and humorous comments. The actress Cassandra Petersen led the date. In 1988, her first film was released. Playing her, she is delaying her monster screenings, but she has a long time in her own show at Las Vegas and earns big money. Her agent Manny is a disappointing proof. It was not long before she earned a home from the deceased's cousin, pet dog and cuisine book. She's sued her legacy in a small Nevada town - she's gone to Vegas, and lost - and soon moves things in a quiet society. The public non-traditional urban council woman Chatty Paria (Eddy McGregor) will soon see her as a threat to her small town's value and values. She is luxurious and attracts personality immediately to urban youth. She comes to Bob Redding (Daniel Green) town worker / carpenter, but before she can grow up any real relationship, she finds her in deep trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard), a legendary part of Elvis's cousin's fortune, is an ancient magician with personal witches against Elvira's aunt and Elvira. The book of powerful magic, known as the "recipe book", he finds the power he wants. He plans to remove Elvara by hurting her town. How would Elvira out of this? The film did not succeed at the box office, attracting many young audiences from the LVR display at the cab. Truth says, this is a funny and feel-good movie. The script is completely sensitive to all types of jokes, some bad, some good, sexy attractions, visual jokes and entire camps, that is, Elvira eventually gained its own strip performance at Vegas. This film corresponds to the LVR fans, the cult classic of the bushes. If you do not, you can not enjoy this movie. It will also look back at 80's "pop" culture. Elvy, Elf, Vicky Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna is a symbol of the 80s.
