Match 1: Tag Team Table Mann Babbra Ray and Spike Dudley vs Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley have started work on a Tag Team Table match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the match, the two opponents must go through the tables to win. Benoit and Guerrero are the first to spike and subsequently remove bubbra rays. A German supplex from Bubba's Bubba took Dudley's brother into the air. Spike tried to help his brother, but the referee banned him and met him on Benoit and Guerrero corner. With Bebot turning to Bubba, he set up a table outside Guerrero. Spike rings into the ring and scattered on the rope above the guerrero! After spike's recovery and precautions, Guerrero dropped a table into the ring and helped Wolverine. Then the Tandem was set up for a double supplex from the middle cord, which kept Bubba in the table, but the spike dropped the right plate right before his brother crashed down! Guerrero and Benoit inserted another table in the corner and attempted to wipe the Irish Whip Spike, but Bubba blocked his brother. Bubba was burned, lifted the opponents back to the body drops! Bubba Guerrero and Spike jump from the rope above the Wolveron. Bubba will fly Benoit to Wasep for Spike at Bear! Colliding with the head! Shortly thereafter, Benoit was in Crossfire at Spies, but the match continued after spike out. Bubba maintained his brother and conquered Benoit on a table. From the middle of the bubble, Lep, but Benoit moved through the wooden bush! But his opponents did not force him through the table because Babba was allowed in the match. The first person was immediately removed, however, the Spike Ring placed Eddie through a table with the Dudley Dog outside the Apron! Benoit scored a spik after a set of seconds. In seconds, Bubba wrapped up a Bubba bomb placed on Benoit by a table and succeeded Dudley! <br/> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> 2: Cruiser Wait Championship Jamie Noble, Billy Kidman Billy Kidman challenged Jamie Nobel, who brought Nidia to the ring for the cruiser weight championship. Noble and Kidman locked and tumbled on the ring, but grabpled some more to take part back inside. When Kidman blocked all the noble movements, Noah fled outside the ring that gave him some encouragement. Outside the rings spread out and noble threw his girlfriend as challenger. Although Kidman threw Nidia off, he was removed with the changed arm bar. The wounded arm of Noble Kidman continued to attack the ring again. Kidman wounded his guilt in the wounded injury, but he continued a tough fight. Noble tried to keep Kidman away with a powerbomb, but the challenger was a face buster. Kidman went on to complete the shooting star, but broke the noble attempt. Kidman again went for shooting star press, but during this time noble just rolled out of the way of harm. Shortly thereafter in the power bomber Kidman pinned to achieve his WWE cruiserweight championship! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> 3 match: Jeff Hardy vs. William Regal vs European Championship win over Jeff Hardy in an attempt to win the European Championship. Jeff cut the reggae on top line, and then took him off the ring from the apron. In the back of the ring, Jeff kicked the Regal for a loop and hit Whishper in the air. Jeff Stanton went for Bomb, but Regal hit his knee with a devastating shot of Jeff. Jeff was able to surprise Regal with a quick roll, pin to keep the European Championship! Regal was staring at Hardy on his way back to Rampal Rampal. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> <br /> 4 Man: Chris Jericho vs John Cena Chris Jericho has promised to finish the match at Vengeance in John Cena's career. Zenako tried to teach Cena a lesson when she started her souping to Matt. Jericho cut off Cena around the ring. While on the rope, Jericho started to showboot and Cena allowed him to catch him for a superplex! The coin was subsequently removed with a nasty dropkick after a whirl slam. The rookie was recovering and the umbilical cord struck the belly but could not keep the Y2J away. Jericho entered the Lyons, but Cena canceled the move. Jericho had a bulldog hanging, then connected with LyonSalt but did not go for cover. On the walls of Jericho he put the army on his feet. Jen has other ideas, pinpoint this effort into the pin effort and getting 1-2-3! After the match, Jericho made terror. Winner: John Cena <br /> <br /> Match 5: Intercontinental Championship RVD vs Brock Lesnar disqualified in the intercontinental championship on The Big Thing and Mr. Pay-Per-View. Brock took the title from refresh and cut on his shoulder while gliding in the RVD. Van Dam's Quickness Broke starts at the start. The big man rolled out of the ring and knocked steel steps from frustration. Brock pulled himself together and started taking charge. With Paul Hayman's airing at the RingSide, Brooke rallied RVD in the strictest floor outside the ring. From there, Brooke began to overtake the RVD, so he dropped easily onto the rope. The RVD pulled back on his back and then got bothered to crack against his spine steel ring steps. With the RVD surrounding the rib cage, this fight came back to the ring. RVD broke and immediately after the bark equinox with a kick in the temple. RVD followed with Rolling Thunder, but Brock was able to remove two-Count later. The fight appeared as soon as RVD went for a five-star frog splash. Brock, however, exchanged the van dam on his shoulder and went for the F-5, but the RVD broke into a DDT and followed the Frog Splash! He went for the pin, but heyen refined from the ring! Rafe immediately called for disqualification, and immediately blamed Heyman! Later, RVD leaped from the top rope in the broke, and threatened to hit the van terminator! Heyman holds the RVD's leg, took the Brock Champ and this time met the steel chair with F-5! Winner: RVD <br /> 6: Booker T vs The Big Show Booker T is the Big Show of the On-On-One First. Booker T's kicks and punches hitting the booker into the corner. After throwing out of the ring, Booker chose a chair at the RingSide, but the Big Show reunited it in the face of the booker. The booking recipient tried to get the game back through the choking show with the camera cable at the side. Booker hit a monitor from the show's skull from the spot of sports announcers, and then distributed a scissor kick in the table with two men! Booker re-crawled into the ring and hit the moments after the Big Show. Holding the bucket's throat but met by a little blow and a kick on the face. Booker climbed to the top of the rope and waited a heel climb to get the pin! Winner: Booker T <br /> <br /> Advertise: Triple H entered the ring for a thunderous memo as expected to fans to compete for the fan contest. Before he spoke, Eric Bischoff stopped the game to apologize for participation in his personal business. When signed with Triple H RAW, Bischoff promised that his personal life did not come into play again. Bishop said he spent the past two years in Hollywood. He is looking for everyone's next breakout WWE superstar and they are Triple H. Bishop is talking about, and if he signed up with Triple H RAW, he assured him that he would get his chance as he was coming. Stephanie McMahon came to issue his own pitch. Due to his personal history with Triple H, both of them are well aware of each other. She told her that she can not hold her once and they will be back again. Bischoff cut her down and begged her to stop. Stephanie mentioned that Triple H once told Bitchoff that Triple H did not have any expertise and had no choice. Bischoff was a teenager at the time and did not know what he was doing, but he still had a lot of experience, that Stephanie. While Triple H was associated with his microphone, both were back and forth. The game is going to be easy to say something is "screw you". Triple H Bichoff went to move the arm, but he removed it. He said he would rather go with the devil he knew was a. Before he went ahead, Shawn Michaels came out to move things out. HBK said the last thing he wanted to do was cause no trouble. He did not like to participate, but he remembered the pledge to bring Triple H to nWo. HBK said there is no one in the world that Triple H is good friends. To re-imagine both the HBK with his friend, Bischoff's life was created to create a living hell. Triple H is an exciting offer. He later moved and hugged HBK, officially switched to RAW! Triple H and HBK were left, and Bishop was credited with his success. The difference between bishop and their two is that he has got testicles and she does not. <br /> <br /> 7th Match: Tag Team Championship Match Christian and Lance Storm vs Hollywood Hogan and Edge This game started with loud "USA" songs by ropes and rings when Hogan moved the Christians. Canadians have taken from there. But Edge did a kick in the Christian head and planted a face burst of storm to get the tag to Hogan. Hulk started the Hulk and soon caught the Christian with a big boot and leg drop! Storm calculation and threw Hogen from the ring of the Christian icon Supercinded. Edge soon tagged and defeated rivals. He both bumped into the corner turbulas, but a stump on the stroke failed and instead hit the refresh. Edge a DDT nailed, but ref down and not count. With the participation in the exam, Hogan then gained the edge with a boot. The storm tried to get the pin, but the edge kicked after two. Rixi has risen to avoid the test, allowing Edge Storm and Eat Storm. The Christian refracted ref, however, and the Edge Clock with the Striped and Tag Team Championship in the Y2J! The storm surged up and the pinfall to win the title! Winners and New Tag Team Champions: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> 8 Matching: WWE Undisputed Championship Triple Threat Match. The Rock vs Kurt Angle and The Undertaker are competing against one of three WWE's most successful superstars Triple Threat Match. Kurt Angle's face begging for some attention to the taker and rock side. He came to concentrate on the form of a beat formed by two other men. Shortly after, the Tayaker spilled out of the ring and moved on with The Rock Angle. Angle gave a smooth range of rocks, but the Great One carried two-count with DDT. The fight continued outside of the ring, causing the walker to come and Angle dressing and The Rock repeatedly. టేకర్ మరియు రాక్ రింగ్లోకి తిరిగి ప్రవేశించాయి, మరియు టేకర్ ది రాక్ ను పక్కన పెట్టి, రెండు-సంఖ్యలను పొందటానికి ఒక కాలిబాట స్లామ్ తో పడిపోయింది. రాక్ పుంజుకుంది, గొంతు ద్వారా టేకర్ పట్టుకుని మరియు అతనిని చోక్స్లామ్ చేసాడు! ఆంగిల్ రాక్ యొక్క టైటిల్కు అవకాశం ఇచ్చిన పిన్ ప్రయత్నాన్ని విచ్ఛిన్నం చేసింది. కర్ట్ ఆంగిల్ కు చీలమండ లాక్లో లాక్కుంటూ రాక్ ప్రతీకారం తీర్చుకుంది. ఆంగిల్ ఈ చర్యను తిప్పింది మరియు రాక్ బాటమ్డ్ ది పీపుల్స్ చాంపియన్. వెంటనే, ది రాక్ ఆంగిల్ యొక్క పారవేసారు మరియు అండర్టేకర్పై పీపుల్స్ ఎల్బోను కొట్టింది. ఆగ్రి రింగ్ వెలుపల గ్రేట్ డిసేబుల్ ను నిలిపివేయడం మరియు రెండు సంఖ్యల తర్వాత తొలగించిన టేకర్ను కవర్ చేయడం ద్వారా ప్రయోజనాన్ని పొందేందుకు ప్రయత్నించాడు. రింగ్ వెలుపల, రాక్ సమీపంలోని ఒక నీటి బాటిల్ నుండి ఒక పెద్ద స్విగ్ తీసుకుంది మరియు టికెర్ యొక్క ముఖం లోకి చీకటికి విజేతగా ద్రవ రూపంలోకి వచ్చింది. టేకర్ దీర్ఘకాలం నిలిపివేయలేదు, మరియు రాక్ను అధిగమిస్తాడు మరియు అతని దృష్టిని ఆంగిల్కు మార్చాడు. టేకర్ ఒక గిలెటిన్ లెగ్ డ్రాప్ ఆంగిల్ పైకి దిగి, రింగ్ ఆప్రాన్ పై పడుకున్నాడు. కర్ట్ ఆంగిల్ పై ఒక పిన్ ప్రయత్నాన్ని విచ్ఛిన్నం చేయడానికి ది రాక్ కేవలం స్వయంగా కైవసం చేసుకుంది. Taker ఒక DDT తో రాక్ వ్రేలాడుదీస్తారు మరియు ఒక chokeslam కోసం అతన్ని ఏర్పాటు. ANGLE ఒక ఉక్కు కుర్చీతో దొంగతనంగా ప్రయత్నించాడు, కానీ టేకర్ ఆ టఫ్ఫూరీకి పట్టుకుని తన చేతుల్లో నుండి బయటకు వచ్చాడు. రిఫరీ రాబోయే అగ్నిలో చిక్కుకుంది మరియు ఒక ఉక్కు కుర్చీతో ఆంగిల్ నాక్ టేకర్ వెర్రిని చూడలేదు. ది రాక్ రాబర్ట్ టాకర్ను కవర్ చేయడానికి కోణం వెళ్ళింది, కానీ డెడ్ మాన్ ఏదో తన భుజం పైకి వచ్చింది. ఆంగిల్ రాక్ను పిన్ చేయడానికి ప్రయత్నించాడు, కానీ అతను కూడా తన్నాడు. రాక్ లేచి, ఆంగిల్ను షార్ప్షూటర్లో దిగింది! అతను ట్యాప్ చేయబోతున్నట్లుగా ఆంగిల్ కనిపించింది, కాని టేకర్ సమర్పణ యొక్క రాక్ అవుట్ను ది రాక్ ను తన్నాడు. టేకర్ రాక్ను ఎంచుకొని లాస్ట్ రైడ్తో అతన్ని క్రాష్ చేశాడు. డెడ్ మాన్ విజయం కోసం అతనిని కప్పి ఉంచగా, ఆంగిల్ చొచ్చుకెళ్లింది మరియు చీలమండ లాక్లో టేకెర్ను ఎంచుకున్నాడు! Taker నొప్పి తో delirious వెళ్ళింది, కానీ ఎదుర్కోవడానికి నిర్వహించేది. చివరి రైడ్ కోసం అతను యాంగిల్ను ఎంచుకున్నాడు, కానీ యాంగిల్ త్రిభుజం చౌక్పై చాలు! టేకర్ బయటికి వెళ్లిపోతుండగానే ఇది కనిపించింది, కానీ ది రాక్ చీలమండ లాక్లో తనని పట్టుకోవటానికి మాత్రమే ఆంగిల్ యొక్క పట్టును కొట్టాడు. రాక్ ఆధీనంలోకి వచ్చింది మరియు టేకర్ చోక్స్లామ్ ఆంగిల్ ను వీక్షించింది. రాకీ రాక్ దిగువ హిట్ చేసాడు, కానీ టేకెర్ బయటకు వెళ్లి తరిమివేయడానికి నిరాకరించాడు. ఆంగిల్ స్లాంలోకి టికెర్ పైకి దూకుతారు కాని గ్రేట్ వన్ ద్వారా రాక్ బాటమ్ చేయబడింది మరియు పిన్ చేయబడింది! విజేత మరియు కొత్త WWE చాంపియన్: ది రాక్ <br /> <br /> ~ చివరగా ఒక మంచి PPV ఉంది! ఇటీవల PPV చాలా మంచి కాదు, కానీ ఈ ఒక విజేత. <br /> <br /> ఈ PPV ను A- <br /> <br /> ఇవ్వండి
