Spencer Combs, (Rick Holland) and his sister Janet (Stacey Brenscope) Escort Doctor, while traveling through the woods, Park Rangers Charles Landon, (Kevin O'Connor) (Rose Gordon) Brian Stratton (David Jelina) Helen Gilbert, (Amy Shelton-White), her employer Dr Ethan Edwards, (Gary Sterm) and Assistant Louis Keaton (Juliana Dave) Orikina find some of the major bones of the sites. As they camp, the band finds the largest building complex and more boring bones that scattered the area. When members of the group start to disappear, they will cut off the forest for safety. It was discovered that a Sasquatch murders are behind, and the team band live together. <br /> Good news: It was not so bad as I thought it was. The film actually starts to pick up some steam at the half way point. The whole group is subjected to the attack by the creature, and the total amount of total drama is a great series of scenes, which is very high. In these areas the area of ​​the tree is very poor, tension increases and one person is surprised when coming around the forest. This image is spread out quite easily, which really keeps off the screen scripts and rolls. They can really add shriek to growling other times, as well as other times to make this part of creepy. It's very effective, and works well. This is pretty good when the next part of the film goes pace, as it goes pretty well in the high note of action. Since I have a special view on the first scene, I need to see a scene specifically. While a man walks through the forest from the living, he goes to the yard looking for it. Increasing his arms to help raise their hands for help, the latter goes to announce his existence, from where he attacks, and murders very quickly. It drew me by surprise and actually gave me a little jump in the first sight. <br /> Bad News: There are only a couple things to complain about here and a simple complaint. Here the creature is given by the most terrible CGI, which will completely disqualify him and destroy the reliability of it. The window is almost completely filmed when the screen appears on the fierce air screen appearing on the screen. It's the attention that it's a shame to not put into it too little work. I've complained too much about this, and it is something that really should and should be avoided with, not to look too fake. Another big one is the off-screen killing here. Very often yanked after holding a man in the film, and then finding the bloody body. It's very good after killing and juicy looking after it. Otherwise, I will not have much problem in this regard, because I'm not really upset with the criticism in this regard, but others call it more than these things. <br /> <br /> Final judgment: I loved it, but it is still not the best Saskwatch film. This is not considered serious, and if it is viewed, it's really enjoyable. Fans of these films should give this look, and sci-fi zirji features can find some good things here. <br /> <br /> Rated R: Graphic Language, Violence and some graphic coxs
