Most successful comic book films usually have villains that are bigger than life, jumping up to the screen and smile alongside smile or dimented line or two dialogs. Tim Burton Batmans made it (as well as a more strange manner) as Sin City. Dick Tracey producer / director / actor Warren Beatty piles up to the talented Framework. It's like a boisterous respect for the 1930 gangster films - children only against the dark Bonnie and Clyde-Dick Tracy at this time, and criminals are fraught with the arcittis and the bright, basic colors that bring guns and face their personalities. Villains like The Stozie, Buzers, Lips, The Bro, Nom'les, The Blanc, Praufus, Spud. Chester Gould gave his names his names to his names, and his hero was able to cut his glass. <br /> <br /> At that time, if Batman and (like the underestimated) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles have a darker picture of reality in a comic-book border, Dick Tracy is the 'oldest school'. In the big boy (Al Pacino, one of his great performances to date, and one sense makes sense for his heavy style), he is the story of cops and crooks, or rather a police, detective tracy, but without such luck. There is also a kid who is just a kid (Charlie Corso, this little boy brings more sore than she had ever imagined) and Tesse's girlfriend. And then Nightclub 'Dame' (Madonna, probably not giving any great performing performance, but perhaps it is good enough for the role, and she sings wonderfully when she calls), Tracy is not for her. <br /> <br /> In a splash of visual effects and explosions, Howard Hawks adds its syrup to action in a long stock of wink-and-hood comedy and pancake. It's a miracle seen in this world that has created today's tasks, just by computers proxy (Sin City, just like the beat image). The bigger shots of big editing montages have been driven by the world with big camera angles from the smallest pieces in the old big comics, and it was hit in the plot line or its version. I go a long way to tell you what to say about story, music, detail, and some BIG punches and gun-shots. And the script (one of my favorites: "My enemy's enemy ... my enemy" plus any of the parsino's instructions for other people in the quotes) is a heap-loading dialogue from the script. After a first time in the movie theater, the reinvention (and reminiscent of small bits), the dick tracy is a hard-boiled fantasy for the best degree. It is filled with good luck for the child, and it is a solid feeling for the older and its throw-back center drink and unsubtle, with little more action without further bad intentions of its cousin comic-book films (i.e. PG-13 fare). Even Dustin Hoffman hams it, and he just says the word he heard!
