Early credits make for a wonderful, atmospheric evasive entertainment that is full of little nuances to the comic strip. <br /> <br /> All good guys are good, all bad guys are bad, and the movie is filled with artificial romance with artificial hypocrisy to highlight their qualities. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty, Dick Tracy, the ultimate tough guy straight man, reflexive, calm, always better fight than the other person, and rarely push a legitimacy limit. Al Pacino, "Big Boy" Caprais steals every scene in his 1930 gangsters as a hunch-backed gangster in some unnamed Metropolis. Madonna plays her best player, Breathless Mahoney, Nightclub singer and Femme Fatale with her own little agenda. Glein is the hard-talking, extreme independent long-time girl of Headley Tracy. And then there is the kid, a funny little street Archie Tracy, who saves himself to the models after his surrogate father, and when the detective accepts his destiny, he will save Tracy. <br /> <br /> Who is the protagonist of Who's Helpers? Charles Durning is the police chief. Dick Van Dyke is the district attorney, who gives bribes to keep him on the streets by the Big Boy's Goons. Dustin Hoffman has a ridiculous turn like blacks whose dialect is not so absurd, he can not do cops or heads for what he says. One of RG Armstrong's rival gangsters, Pruneface, makes a special obedience to the Big Boy creating crimes spread across the entire city. Mandy Patinkin is a piano player for the 88 keys, the Breathless Show. Paul Sorvio Lips Manlis plays the former assistant of Breathless until the Big Boy gives him "Bath". James Kian is the only gangster to accompany Big Boy's grand plan, relatively small in his performance. William Fourier and Ed O'Brien are the Big Boy's executives, Flopper and Itchy. <br /> <br /> The film has a whole corn of comic strip and is filled with powerful colors. Almost all the suites are widespread in blues, greens, yellow and red. All colors of the rainbow are found in the picture - after a few! Only the matte paintings that actually represent the world as two-dimensional are only three-dimensional sets. Humor is abundant. Al Pacino fills the shoes of his character, who plays before or played a different role. Big Boy is kind of silly, and the type is self-pitying. He is an extraordinary little man who takes pride in quoting our founding fathers and comparing it to great politicians. Man with the plan, always looking for a smart way to make business.
