In the 19th century, somewhere in the American West, many cowboys needed money to go on buffalo hunting. The group's leader believes that there are too many buffalos to have any impact, but he does not know exactly how much more experienced hunter's population will collapse. <br /> <br /> The truth is, however, if we have a buffalo herds in South Dakota and show the image of the original hunting (which explains the film's introduction to the flock of the flock), the film shows us with the plight of buffalo and its impact on native Americans. There is an extraordinary family created by a small group of hunters. Father doll Charlie, a violent man with a small fuse. Sandy is a tired hunter who has been killed by his "brother", but needs a job after losing his cattle. An Indian boy, who hates the fact that he is fully Caucasian, took the role of the adopted son. Grandfather (and moral compass) an alcohol buffalo skinner; Charlie's "wife" is an Indian woman who was killed after she stole her horses. <br /> Charlie is clearly the most interesting person. He is understandable and insulting to everyone around him, yet at the same time he knows the only family and friends he has. Indian women who kidnapped him hates him, then accept him, but she does not know how to respond when she refuses to do so. <br /> <br /> Earlier, this family was the first to be replaced, but in the end he was the one who wanted to destroy it. <br /> <br /> It is equivalent to the classic "red river", a growing family of disturbing and violent father. As anticipated, this film suffers comparisons. Stories and family dynamics are not focused on development, and in this direction the scenes have been targeted and failed to keep track of the scenes. It is very rare at the very beginning, since we have no reason to wonder what happens to Charlie or our family. However, on the positive side, the message surrounding the buffalo slater added an additional size to the film and took the final decision at the end of the "red river" to the end of Hollywood. As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and exciting movie, well-made, but it's as small as the classic.
