Looking at the 20th anniversary of the release of images, I see a scarface on the big screen with its beautifully restored 35mm print. It loses in very large television sets and it's great to see this on the big screen which is not enough to give the whole gift of this project insufficient. <br /> <br /> Scarface is a classic remake of the rich in the depths of the story of hell of Al Pacino featuring Cuba drug lord Lord Tony Montana. In this version, in the late 1970s and early 1980s, Tony Cuba boatmen came to the United States during the immigration wave. Tony and his colleagues quickly made cards with cards, a politician in tent city and a short time at the Cuban restaurant; Tony has been directed towards total destruction in his devastating way. <br /> <br /> Many of the roles in the film have been played with such skill, but in the past twenty years I have forgotten the film. Robert Loggia and Frank Lopez as Tony's patron. His character is so loyal that he is too loyal, and Tony is quicker. In Lopez's right hand, Omar Suarez is one of our greatest actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus.) Suarez does anything for the ultimate and frank; He's like his own mind. Tony quickly sees and he constantly struggles with Suarez, but he sees him a little bit to be the top. Harris Yulin (Training Day.) The daringly corrupt Miami Narcotics Detective, Mel Bernstein, Mel Bernstein, who plays Mel, is a returning character without any guilt that offers great sums on all sides of the drug industry. In a scene where Frank and Mel find a departure from both the films, he plays Frank of Tony with him. It's worth it to hear Frank, your tree frank, to hear you sitting there, to listen to Frank, that Tony wants to kill him to react to Mel. <br /> <br /> Tony's growth is emotional and fits fast and intensely with his rapid crash and burning. After leaving Frank and taking his wife and business, Tony's greed took over and he could not get enough. Tony eventually fell in love with the loss of drugs, greed and loyalty, and eventually killed and marries his best friend and his sister. The Torne's compound was stormed by the army from its supplier who thought that Tony's political murders should not be done. Tony's refusal to be a murderer of all the murders victim's wife and children was a momentous moment. <br /> <br /> These are the 1980s and great depiction of cocaine culture. Working together in one of the three-hour films around Devalma does a good job. The violence is very graphic and some viewers in mind, especially the gruesome chainsaw, two point blank shots on the head and the end of the movie will forever have some scenes. This is a highly recommended stylist film that does not suit a low, or upbeat endings and potential sequels. Let it all fly here.
