One of the 80's most definitive gangster films, Scarface is its image most of the time. The first thing you observed when you saw this film was made in 1983. Textiles, music score and soundtrack, hairdresser, there is no fault of this, it is a film about crimes in the 80s and should not have a terrible date. This is still a wonderful movie. Although Giorgio Morodor's music is dating with a fair bit, it is still the story of Tony Montana's excellent screenplay by Brian de Palma and Olivier Stone, the first class directed by one of the two films he has done with Pacino) is a wonderful Carlito Vega. De Palma's trademarks are all here; Strong language, graphic violence (more on that later), gorgeous sets of cuts and stylish stylish work as of course the stylish camera work. <br /> <br /> Pacino dominates the image and I mean literally. He is the star of this movie. For his above-mentioned performance, one of these films is Pacino, who rarely claims his cover, this time with a magnificent Cuban voice. However, this is the Pacino and he makes it look great. Only he could not come away from the film with his tactical acting integrity yet to go up this distance. Although some have screamed on their songs and its overly complaining, this is a high movie. Take a look at the design of Tony's home and check the violence in the film. The chain incident is obviously ruthless and their blood is everywhere. At the end of shoot shoot rounds, the body was reduced to a rate equal to Schwarzenegger and Stallones in the movies. Suppose the coke is displayed in the image so that the performance of the paco is perfect for the image. He supports actors who tell their lines in a more controlled way. Steven Bauer, exclusively, is Manny, survived from Tony's best friend and supporting cast. His performance is controlled by a de Niro, and is quiet, as he is wondering how to do it directly with a soft romantic video. Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, adds glamor, Robert Loggia adds gravitas as normal and makes Mary a great debut as Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio Tony's sister <br /> <br /> In reality this is more than just an image about this add-on. It's more than drugs, violence, chain attacks and bigger shoots. This is about the dark side of the American Dream. In many ways, the godfather puts it on a theme with movies. Tony finds that he will lose all of it, claiming that American will survive in a dream and lose it in violent fashion, and that he is losing it. He kills his best friend, his sister is killed, his kingdom is surrounded by him, literally, confusing, and on top of it he dies in his own palace, bullets kill him. <br /> <br /> Scarface is one of the key films of the early 80s. Certainly, there are no subtleties of the Godfather films, but it's still the best and again worth again.
