"Everybody who reads a classy read to everyone, but no one should read it." A classic also receives praise for all but nobody reads. " <br /> <br /> The term 'classic' in Florida's pharmaceutical ring is used to describe Brian Deppma's 1983 film, self-surrender, greedy, and danger. People and critics (rappers for that matter) The film is supposed to be 'Epic Gangster Classic' or 'Optimum of Gangster Films'. It's anything. This is praised for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a fantastic film that deserves all praise, but not all praise received from audiences today, so it is harder to make good points to the general public. <br /> <br /> First, the film wants Cuban refugees to escape from Communism and to have fun. Simple? Yes. But de la Palmer's theories of genius, and the great story written by Oliver Stone (yes I know, he actually did a good good work here) to play everything. Escape is looking to get out of all the pictures, because the natural element deals with all the films to escape. Each character has something to offer, and everyone likes this film to be congratulatory. They are mastered in the world of mistake and money, but not all, as they learn, there is a price. Each character thinks they get good chances in life, in real dramatic satire, when they are actually getting worse. The tragedy is a good word to describe the film. For all those who appreciate drug use, it is violence, the dialogue, the absolute point of view. There are no positive assumptions about the characters. So the film works well. Distraction through the film is useful for delivering the message of the film, not to be cold or attracting audiences. <br /> <br /> Brian De Palma did not make casts for the cult gangsters, or the foolish action fans. <br /> <br /> The film is an adult play. This is not a 'gangster movie'. It's a share of action, but the action is very carefully plot, so it's a point. It's not like "Aliens" - an example of a big mute action movie, and many viewers view these images as a big mute action gangster film about people who do drugs and shooting. Ridiculous. Hogwash. If this film is about, how bad it is. It's not promoted. <br /> <br /> This film is indeed a great image. The film has great cinematography. This is a very dramatic score (in a real Giorgio moroder style), which just gives you the chill or tears. The image is too long, but it's a story, and every moment counts. Acting is amazing. Al Pacino - said enough. He can do his part in any role, and this is no exception. Pretty Boy Steven Bauer, Manny. I do not think many of his other films he did, but he likes him when he goes under the direction of Maestro de Palma. Michelle Pfeiff is a real gem like Elvira. She has an acting performance of a beauty that is more than just a Kind of Kind of her pulling a sort of embarrassing hole in "Grease 2". These tough three real diamonds Mary Elizabeth Mastrononius, Tony's sister Jina, she laughs or cries, we see her soul and her fresh life, and it will degrade; Paul Shenor Alejandro Sosa, a drug lord, walked deeper than a river, and Shenor played him; And the mysterious mother of Miriam Colon Tony and Xena. These three pictures should be taken deeply into the way it goes. <br /> <br /> This reviewer has learned a major thing when watching "Scarface" for the first time. Go to the ever-unsettling movie. All the hype and talk of this movie you can really prepare for what you see. Just learning de Palma (like I) can give you a glimpse of what you have to do with this picture. So ignore the rap worst, ignore the supporters of vacuum violence, and solve a glass of Bailey over your rocks, and indulge yourself in an emotional view of a great movie, real "scarface."
