William Cassil is known among fans of the horror as the B-grade director in the 1950s and 60s. His gymmics, his cost-cutting techniques and his unique vision are legendary. And then it comes as a surprise (Geoffrey Schwarz, a countless documentary) finally dedicates his greatness to the documentary. Such "spine tingler: The William College Story". <br /> <br /> In the years, I have seen some of his paintings, who have a general understanding of Castle. I do not know anything about his personal life and his goals and goals. This film really fleshed out of the man and gave me a complete compliment for devotion to the film making for the horror genre and for his writing craft. The film portrays the castle as Alfred Hitchcock's rival, hatching the Canary Corner as an artist acclaimed as a critically acclaimed artist despite his fictional recognition. He is a symbol of all second-rate directors there, so John Waters is not surprising here. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also played good roles.) His windows run his fame, and the documentary takes great pains to explain them, which is crucial to remembering those of a very young age. The rumor 3-D, "homicide" for "13 ghosts" (see special review) for "The Tinkler" (see special review), money back guarantees ... Now looking at these theater outside the theater The Climax of the film, when we go to the Hollywood producer from the director of the cult, we climax the movie. After purchasing "Rosemary's Baby" rights, he placed a special place for discussion for his film release. He is the producer to direct director Roman Polanski. Despite the first disappointment, it became one of the best opportunities in his lifetime - the most successful film and the job he was employed. Who is better to control the polygon's purse than a penny-pinch castle? <br /> <br /> The achievement of his crown is, however, the film is frequently linked to Polanski. <br /> <br /> The rest of his years are played and his daughter and niece are given to personal reflections. Throughout the board, not everyone is appreciated for man. Somewhere along the way, he certainly upset one or two people, but you never get out of this film. And I found it - this is a celebration of Bill Castle's life, "E! True Hollywood Story". <br /> I'd choose William Castle Collection. There are only eight of the cassíval paintings, with plenty of special features. This documentary comes with audio commentary, so you can hear how Schwartz personally influences the castle, and the castle's daughter Terry reflects the experiences of different images and her remakes. The whole new image.
