For some reason, the film never has its original language in my neck in the woods (although the TCG UK cable channel is owned by MGM titles weekly). More frustrating, it still is M.I.A. The Warner's recently announced "Western Classics Collection" box set in DVD (featuring 3 other Robert Taylor genres); Perhaps, are they saving it for a "signature collection" dedicated to this overturn of MGM next year, the 40th anniversary of his passing? <br /> I am saying that the film will allow a rare Western role in the role of the independent Western character of the Indian hatred and exploit his expertise by making his easy fishing hunt. An early advert is a warning warning that the population of these races decreased from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in just 30 years! As a colleague, Taylor chose the former professional career of Stewart Granger? Who drinks alcoholic, peg legs Lloyd Nolan (the hysterical and vindictive Taylor constantly accuses) and the young half-ruse Russell Tamblins to this end. As expected, is the company's relationship a shaky? It is reminiscent of Anthony Mann's The Knaked Sparf (1953), another outdoor outdoor MGM Western center. In fact, the taste and rigidity of Man's work in this field is almost the same (although the writer / director Brooks was the first of such outposts, it was perfectly displayed); Here, too, is the controversy between a woman's existence (bricks, two half-breeds) and two tough leads? And Granger, who is naked SPUR's James Stewart, only falls to his job (his remorse is effective only for killing the buffalo for sport and gain). <br /> <br /> Will Taylor take Paget himself the next? She bravely but cares her procedures in the cold, secretly wanting the Granger? And drunk when locals at a bar lets his frustration out! Taylor, himself, does not come out unscathed from the deal: like a treasure hunter of SIERRA MADRE (1948), is he rarely associated with his colleagues, clearly and envy? Therefore, is it worth it? Hide the white buffalo they catch; He also goes buffalo-silly at one point (as Nolan predicted), the species became deluded into thunderous thunderstorm for hooves of an approaching mass! Hurricane scenes are impressive? Gates, hitting the ground when hit, endless line of day catch, and later carpets affecting pastures. The diversified but memorable defeat of the film is just so famous: with the full swing in the winter, the now suspicious Taylor waiting for the blood of Grunger (who was the second and Paget's relief), was the next morning, when he found Taylor in the hunt? Freeze death! <br /> Incidentally, my father has a copy of Milton Lott's highest source novel since the original release time of the film: in fact he has acquired such many reforms? It is, after all, Vogue is still a practice ?? A book is re-issued to promote its film simulation. Also for the record, Taylor and Granger? Who works well off each other here ?? All the brothers (Chelsea whale hunters!) In sea adventure are already in the team (1953), curiously enough, just hard to see (actually, still not, it is also shown on Italian TV for what looks like what the ages is like) !!
