Thanks again from the darkness. "What happened to Woody Allen?" Jokes? Mr. Allen is also fun at fans who want to continue his "funny" films. Like any great artist, Mr. Allen's craft has passed years and he has lost some fans and attracted others. In the "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan" days he was last year's best work "mappointe" he still showed every bit relative and sharp. What's so amazing for us is that the 40 plus year fans are Mr. New York himself has a love bit in the parent country. Apparently he actually liked England !! During the "Match Point" filming, Mr. Allen was impressed with Scarlett Johansson and her real life-inspired and funny sense. These attractions triggered his best comic strip in his years. Scarlett, when losing most fears, just credit for taking pictures of some glamorous lights. She looks like a real person and is the only one to act. In "scoop", she threw up some of the screen comedy chaps and, in most scenes, provides a true punchline of Mr. Allen's real guy. However, whenever Mr. Allen decides to keep himself in front of the camera, he gets more than his share of a linear and social commentary - this is good because it's just fine. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman are very nice writing support. In fact, many of us have identified why one of the best ideas to turn Mr. Jackman Brosnan into a new bond. Most of Alan's films are not an actor script, rather than actors. Though Scarlett is well-received here, although it is contrary to polished Allen and Jackman, these criticisms are the dialogues ... especially the mystery between Allen and Scarlett. If you're not a huge Woody actor fan, there's no fear. He limits his screen time and has almost disappeared, except in two or three minor scenes. Another Woodmann tradition is no exception to the blinking music background and "scoop" ... especially the Strauss composition. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is "Annie Hall" and Marx Brothers movies or Carrie Grant comedies. Yes it is an adult comedy, but it's really pretty ... especially for serial killer and ghost comedy talking!
