"Scoop" is also a thriller and simplicity, although the late-thirty sloppy novel novel, and Woody Allen's new film, Today's Set. Allen's last effort is "Man Point," (many, including this critic, argue strongly), does not have a serious portrayal of serious performances, suspense or shocking, but "scoop" is close to English dignitaries, civil london flats, murder, and Allen's final break in its view on recognition. Woody's upcoming assassination goes back to comedy and returns to comedy, and he himself comes back to the screen, a fantastic Vadivelian, a wizard named Sid Waterman, the stage writer The Great Splendy, to see some snobs, a Hebrew persuasion, but I As an adult, I was moved to Nasicism. "A decade after the standard deterioration action of Scrolls, Scarlett Johansson (Sondra Pursky), a non-match pair came into the dead Ace English journalist's post-mortem effort to achieve a final news story. Secretary of Liman's son She was poisoned, and her beautiful burglar, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) was a pair of Tarot Card murderer, London serial killer Sondra and Sid immediately became a pair of amateur sleuths. Heroine Muse "-" Man Point, "does not sing as Johanneson - as in the past, Scarlett is not the prestigious sexpot and motion She is a klutzy, bespectacled but still surprisingly morphed into the pretty coed Sid and Sondra, which has a great relief, which is a great relief when they look at Lime and look for evidence of his crime and reach the team more or less politically to fulfill the wishes of Stormbell. . With little intention of appearing as the father of Sidd. Sondra, who caught Peter as drowning in his club pool, reunites Jade Spence. Mr. Spence, ie Woody, puts a braking cover by card tricks, but he adjusts the douss with these, knocks their husbands at the poker and scatters the non-stop one-liners, and with the victory at all times, he is in the oil <br /> <br / > It is everything that can tell without revealing the story by revealing its result. Allen's decision to make Johannson as a geek, familiar Plainspoon and badly dressed college girl is not just unhealthy but it is not a bad decision. But Johansson, who is courageous and strongly acted as an actress, manages to carry it out, helping her with the actor Jackman, who knows how she likes any actress if she likes it. The film actually created a limited range of relationships: spid in Sid and Sondra friendly mode, and Peter and Sondra is artificial and tainted (after all, <br /> <br /> Allen has been drilling again in the wealth and class of England, the Brooklyn background Seems to have been left out, with his distinguished, irresistible desire Jackman is a cute, cute, and smart guy whose parents are in English, but can this athletic music comedian grow in Australia ("X-men" Wolverine) really become a lord? <br /> <br /> "Cinema Point" It's not too strong, but it's a failure because there are some spectators, it's pretty wrong, it's more than a half-hour radio show or TV show But Woody's jokes get you in such media affairs, and sometimes they are more ridiculous than they are back to old intellect and intellect, which does not matter if a film is silly or slapdash when it reverts to summer entertainment. On a hot day you should not make heavy meals. Motion picture jokes can be a matter of lively surreal fun, without darker jokes or immense effects; Without Vince Vaughn or Owen Wilson. Critics are eager to rewind Allen's degradation to the "e-point point". Do not believe them. He does not work very hard. Why do you do He may be 70, but with words, he still lights up on his feet. And his body moves too fast.
