If you see this presentation for the first time, you may wonder if you are in an alternative reality. Colorful and imaginative characters? Want to learn the conversation? Do they have some depth of plot and time to create suspense and drama? I mean, is it the right to have a syndicated child show? "Pokémon", "Pepper On", "Mighty Morphine Power Rangers" and "VR Troopers" (three cross-Japanese exports, courtesy Fox Network and Saban Entertainment). Do not worry, you are mapping some of the quality fare available to children in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Some examples of this time include "Transformers", "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Power" and "C.O.P.S." (A cartoon that is not confusing in the live action show in Fox). Apart from these main examples, Disney has come to syndicate programs with Disney kids, along with the line-up called "Disney Apturnoon". Early performances, such as "Dark Walking Duck", "Duck Tales", and "Chip 'n Dale's Rescue Rangers", rather than a dumb-down show called "The Gummi Bears", were credited to Disney animation teams, the theatrical classic "The The Little Mermaid "," Beauty and the Beast "," The Rescue's Down Under ", and" The Great Mouse Detective ". But on these miracles, "Talespin" shines. The premiere of "Plunder and Lightning" is a two-hour thrill ride, and an Emmy has won. <br /> When I enjoy the plot and dialogue, I feel great attraction characters. Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, but still okay; Kit Cloudkicker, full teen predecessor and full of optimism; Louie, with his loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, the most entertaining engineer from Scotty on the original "Star Trek"; Molly Cunningham, with cute and witty, but with some depth that most children do not have letters, and of course all of it, is Baloo whom I describe as a slobby version of James Bond. Whenever the difficulties arise, the bulk will save the day with the help of all the seafood ducks, more than his elegance (James Bond's Aston Martin). Of course every great performance has great villains, and TaleSpin does not disappoint here either. From Buegensstegger Shrey Kahn's Megagoniana, the vain and never-failing air pirate Don Carnage, for the happiest and useless Soviet-satire Thebrians. The animation is good, the music is appropriate, and the episodes (for me) are the best for children's shows. Very fun for the WHOLE family!
