This film is about Joseph Smith, what he did, and made a statement about LDS church belief. All current media coverage of a specific fugitive people have the LDS church chaos with the FLDS Church and the criminal fugitive Warren Jeffs. Jeff's did not relate to the LDS church and media groups internationally asked to comment on Jeff's from the LDS Church. Jeff's does not mention in the film but I feel ridiculous that this film, with all the points about Joseph, was away from the FLDS church and some of their leaders at this time in the media world. This is a picture about Joseph Smith and it's a great one. Some of the obvious differences between Jeff and Joseph were portrayed in Joseph's humanity, acceptance and love. Jof's opinions and opinions are much different from Joseph Smith and LDS Church and it appears in the film. Jeff's "Negro" feels like a devil. Joseph Smith left his wife's favorite horse to an African American (former slave) to buy his son's freedom, knowing that they were children of God. Joseph showed that his wife was doing housework for Emma and was criticized by a member until Joseph suggested that a man could lose his wife in the next life, choosing not to stay with her husband. Your wife. Jeffs brought one of his polygamous wives to one bit in his knees, holding her bit and turning it to her knees until her knees. Eventually, Joseph participated in law enforcement and sought help from the government at all times. <br /> <br /> If I do not know much about Joseph Smith and the LDS Church belief, I will see this film. If you have confused the LDS Church with the FLDS church then you should really take your action. We believe in Jesus Christ, the sanctity of marriage and the family, our homeland and country is not quite different to all the patriots. We are all different so that you can find different protesters, presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. Important is our message and we stand. The film tries to portray the film but is not covered in just 2 hours in the life of Joseph. It's really great performance.
