I was always a great admirer of Nicolas Rogue and "Nadakout" is one of my favorite films. Rogues is a film version of the theatrical drama and most of the film takes place in the film room, which still has Rogues's cinematography. A very special story is about a famous actress (Theresa Russell), who went on to work in a hotel in 1954, after a hard nights work with a famous professor (Michael Emil) and their hotel room. Shortly afterward she wants to go to bed with her, but her husband started slipping the door and getting the cloth. Her husband was a prominent former baseball player (Gary Bussey) and wanted to know what was going on. Three of them talk about what's going on in the hotel room and discuss what their future is. Meanwhile, a prominent senator (Tony Curtis) threatens to remove the papers if he does not give evidence in the trial. Although Teresa Russell is awesome and she does not try to act as Marilyn Monroe, she does fantastic work on the fears and short things that Manoo knows. One thing in the film is that she is the only woman on the edge of a mental break, but shows her as a physical baby. She talked about having no children and suffered a miscarriage at one stage in the film. You can make Russell's finest display and I can probably argue a fantastic case. As the characters continue to talk about one thing, this film makes an interesting point in showing off many flashbacks. One of the many reasons for their actions in retrospect will be seen. The bus also gives a good performance and reminds me of what kind of person he has given on the screen. As a professor Emil is a character who has many things on his mind, then we first thought about it. The final scene in this movie is on his dark side! In the headlines of this film, I talked to him about how small conversation and Cherokee Indians think at all times with Elevator Man (Will Sampson of "The Cuckoo"). But of course the famous scene in this movie is where Russell demonstrates how she understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show this where Emil demonstrates. The professor was delighted by her appearance and we are! Russell and Rogs are married in real life and they work better when they collaborate and this is probably their best film. Very interesting work and directing this very interesting task makes this a challenging and visually provocative picture.
