If you're a fan of Gothic Horror, you are absolutely sure that you will love this fantastic Italian 60s movie "Blood Castle". We are literally making horror doors, naturally killing candles, making us really moving, even if there are no air and smoke coming from the bottom of a huge air frame. Speaking of the atmosphere and style, this magnificent episode of Gothic Film Making is the best; Only a small league under milestones such as "Black Sunday", "Three Faces of Fear" and "Creepers of the Crying Woman". A powerful plot (including a pure nightmare), prominent distinguished directors of all locations, Digi Sergio Carbouki ("The Great Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margarethi ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish" Ultra bad scene and filming locations, Stylish black and white photography, spine-chilling music and talented performers Barbara Steel, of the above-mentioned "Black Sunday" and Italian Goth-Muse Number One, shines again in the role of a spiritual harassment and surrounded her by literally amazing co-players, one of whom is the most revered figure of Silvano Tranquilli, author Edgar Allan Poe The story is a crack to accept him and the fodder bet The young journalist's challenge is to have a prosperous visitor of a rural tavern If Alan Foster has spent a night in the infamous Blackwood Castle, he receives a $ 10 amazing gift and a papers with a newspaper interview.Dully and Vampires Who is a non-believer Alan Needless to say that someone like Foster is even more dangerous than sounds. He encounters with a wonderful stylish lady of his dreams, but he starts with great, at night, when he finds that Blackwest Castle is a damaged place where the dead ghosts of the past are trapped for all eternity. I do not know about you, but this is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. Co-director Antonio Margaretty was apparently proud of the film because he rebuilt it as "Web of the Spider" a few years later. The film is a bit quicker, as the film is less than class kinski in the film Edge Allen Paolo, but the film is generally superior. "The Castle of Blood" literally oozes the atmosphere and maintains a completely unsettling atmosphere throughout. This is really one of the rare films in the hands of the hair and the back of your neck if you look in the right conditions. Watch out late at night, lonely and lid in a candle room, and you'll get an idea about the real definition of horror.
