Antonio Margherty's "Donja Macabra" aka. In 1964, "Castle of Blood" was the beautiful and most striking masterpiece of Italian Gothic horror, and Mario Bauva's "La Muscera Dem Demonio" ("Black Sunday") in 1961 and Roger Corman's "Pit and the Pendulum" (featuring great Vincent Price ) The most important woman in another movie history has earned her a more respectful Barbara Steel as a horror icon . But the beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steel is one of my favorite actresses all the time, "Danza Makabra" is a co-writer of no less than cinematic genius Sergio Corbucci, who has directed such sophisticated spaghetti Western milestones, "Django" (1966) and "The Great Silence" (" 1968). Italy ranks 2nd in the field (after Mario Bava), director Antonio Marghertyi is one of the all-time masters of Gothic Horror, and "Castle of Blood" is undoubtedly his greatest achievement. Because of this creepy masterpiece, another movie works great in creating a wonderful haunting and beautiful atmosphere. <br /> <br /> In a magnificent London dining room, Edgar Allen Poe is faced with a famous writer of famed tales, a young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivier) received a wager from a great man, all souls' night in his haunted castle. As soon as Foster Valley entered the castle, the mysterious things happened. After a while, however, he encounters an enchanting residence of the castle, the magnificent Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steel). But the mysterious events, however, have only the fears of fear, but the only thing that makes it a great score by a volley castle setting is a great score by cinematography and Riz Orto. The amazing Barbara Steel is always amazing, I just can not find enough words to praise this wonderful actress. No other actress was previously united with Stiley, and the actress was never united to unite the courageous laughter. Along with steel, the cast of this film is another superb beauty, Margaret Robbasham, and she also offers a great show. George Revere's performance as Alan Foster is great, and the rest of the show are very good. "Best of Blood" is outstanding in several disciplines: Barbara Steel is one of her best performances, cinematography and landscapes, and the atmosphere is fantastic ... the perfect amount of image atmosphere, the art of Gothic beauty and terror. In short: "Castle of Blood" is one of the most climatic and greatest Gothic horror films ever made, and anyone who does not like someone in this genre can avoid it! 10/10
