The writers claim that Betty Davis is not singled out, she has nothing special about her performance. I've also found a site I've mentioned because of her luck with Betty Davis's success. But Ms Davis's pictures of 1934 tell very opposite. More specifically, she had only two weeks of two films: Frizco and On Human Bondage. Although the characters in her films are negative, they are different. In the past, Arlene is a beautiful, attractive and trivial henchman and more like Mildred, a light, uneducated and insulting cockney waitress. Ms Davis needs to say that she played two characters with very authentic and same enthusiasm. But it is not even. The point is that the former character, which seeks through most actresses, is one she had to play. The second character, which appears to be undesirable for many actresses, is the role of a career-destroying character, fought for her months. And it's the next role she started with great stars. <br /> <br /> The film, which tells about a medical student Phillip Carrie (Leslie Howard), who is madly in love with Cockney Servant with Mashed Rogers (Betty Davis), has a few weekly points but very strong ones. This story is just too big to say in 83 minutes. For example, it is very clear that the refined student has no interest in the insulting waitress in the first place. Well, we have a scene which is revealing Ms Davis attractive eyes, but this is when his emotions are already completely evolving. Nevertheless, the loyalty of the story also reminds us of stunning music from Howard and Davis, as well as the stunning Steiner's music, which also tells emotional tones when they can not see the faces of the characters. In fact, the film is compounded by Philip's walk scenes, and he falls back to the back with a two-tone repetition. Every detail was well thought out - Max Steiner wrote a beautiful Litmotype for every woman in Philip's life, which was used in the film continuously. And a beautiful scenery of Francis Dee's breathtaking beauty (Ms. Dee Gone is one of the sweetest sights I've ever seen due to being the most beautiful way to play a leading role in Gone) and Steiner's glamorous music that we see before Sally's face before the calendar. Camera movements between some scenes are original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my strong objection is that these two events motivated the audience as Mendred's ultimate maturity. The most disgusting characters left her after using her, even though she had used her, but they were portrayed as interesting and favorite characters. After all, Mildred always - in his special but still honest way - let Philip know that she dispises to him and is not interested in him. He just refused to listen. It is Phillips masochistic nature that connects the infant experiences that are the main cause of his club foot and his love problem. He is a slave to his club's feet until Mildred and may have to both have a chance to start a normal life. In fact, Mildred and disgraced Mildred, after she discovered the slavery of volunteer Philip, made her own share of her life to hell. Even after considering that her slavery was broken, she would kill Phillip's money (Mavum is different in her novel). <br /> <br /> This image is just too late for modern standards, but by the time you watch each other, you can tell new interesting details. Acting, lovely music, and original album, so it deserves to be eligible for Mark.
