The dazzling performance of Betty Davis is difficult to remember by other women's players. Davies was perfect in their parts because she was in her - they did not have much to do. In this review some reviewers felt that the book was much better - it was not for the movie, but 600 page book 83 minutes. The first part of the book did not even appear on the screen - it was about Philip's childhood, then moved to Germany and Paris, where Philip attempted to do better as an artist. With Felicia Prize, she kills her when Philip finds that she can not retrieve her love. It's a fantastic book but it's Ronling and I read a book that is not very well thought out in the film and find out how good the movie is. <br /> <br /> A simple painter, Philip Carey (Leslie Howard) back to England to regain medicine. In a tearoom he meets Mildred Waitress Mildred (Bette Davis). Although she was not interested in her and mainly felt him as dust, Philip was engaged. It is difficult to see his efforts when trying to find any citizen in this vicious cleft. In one scene she promises to meet him in a second-class railway looking room, telling him they miss each other, saying "why would I wait in the second class waiting room when a first class one is available". You want to shake him. Emil Miller (Alan Halel) said that she was going to marry her if she was going to marry another man while she was up to him. With Mildred from the film, he meets Nara (Kay Johnson) a lovely lady who writes romance novels with a male nickname. Naro feels her love and faith in Mindred's novel (in the novel that Mildred reads them), but she is unable to regain her love. When Mildred returns (Miller does not marry her and she has a baby), he carefully cares for her and helps her with the baby (it's an item in the movie - not always called "baby") Atheli (Frances Dei) meets his unhealthy father, who starts to visit his home Chad and his life, the first time the family feel of the gains. And surprise! Surprise! Mildred is a bad penny, and a surprise to be returned to Phillip that she had taken. But she has changed, and the gratitude that she knows what to try only hate it feels. "Thou vedukonnanduvalla I kissy Mindred 's stock sounds, "You are a gentleman in every aspect of the word", "You have wiped my mouth, I cut my mouth" I do not mind ", and" Mr Hai and Mighty "are associated with prostitutes and when Philip meets her By the time of Phillip (Mildred is really free as far as possible) it shows that Sally likes it. Sally again tells Phillip, she thinks she has her baby, but makes her more sure to love. <br /> <br /> Mildred's "illness" can not be in the image - a code in advance. Francis Dei is one of the smallest screen glasses, and she's just a pretty face ("The Silver Card" and "The Silver Card" "Blood Money"), but she started working with Peter when she married Joel McCree. Clearly, Leslie Howard was not very helpful at the Betty Davis set - he was angry that he did not give a piece of an English actress, who threw her lines "when reading the camera of the book." He was interested when the newspaper reported "running a kid in the movie" <br /> <br /> Most recommended Continues.
