This film is about sexual audiences. Betty plays Davis Mildred. These men are drawn women. But because she is a sex company because she is a nice cute girl. But now it's clear that the film is coming out. All the men in this movie have eyes on her. She works as a waitress in a coffee shop, she does not read and she really can not see anyone but she is a flirt. She was there because of the male consumers in the coffee shop. One day Philip fails at a club Failure painter comes in the shop to say a good word for his friend to a medical student but he is besotted the moment he sees. He also began to buy her items for her apartment. Meanwhile, she does not look at other people and make her secret. She dreams about her like an angel, but she is not an angel. He is constantly thinking about her. His med school classes also failed. So nookie is very good. He wants to marry her but she refuses her because she is married to another man. She always seems to have no love for Phil himself. He is a broken heart but he meets another woman. But it is obvious that he is still bimbo's dreams. Mildred was not with a baby and was there. Philip takes her again, but she starts going out with her friend, causing the light bulb a little, and he mocked her. She knows what she knows, so she tries to come to him, it does not work and she tries to burn her tuition money. A street boy with a problem is a young man who has the same problem, but it is easy to tell him about the club. He meets another girl named Silly, who has a time stats showing her age when she is waiting for Maldard. Well he is school tuition, can not find a job. Finally Sally and her father will take him. Another March of Time Montez is not going to be downhill at him. Soon after his uncle died, he died and became a doctor. Meanwhile, Mildred learns that he needs to be back. She is TB. Meanwhile, he is still married to Sally's Primrose, and he is employed on a steam shift. Finally Bimbo dies and Philip is now free and he is married to Sally. I said it. Now I know that my characters did not get me any points. But I think Philip is bad. Yes Mildred is a compound but he knows, he's coming back. He has two other friends who love him, and he is hungry. I guess sex is not good. But in any case he's the dogs that are waiting for Mildred. Mildred's pregnant woman has already married and he has no intention of supporting him and his baby, and Philip asks what he thinks about the baby (apparently the name of the baby), and he is wealthy. Sally's father, with 9 children, tells very bad things about women, but he is an old conservative. Philip does not seem to refuse his feelings. Men used Mildred as Toy Toy but the men in the film were disappointed. Yes she is not a respectable woman, but is far from the villain. For me it was a real problem, Philip and Mildred, his sexual assault.
