Betty Davis' catney voice is entirely terrible in the film. I understand that Americans and other nationals may not realize it and that's fine; But believe me, half as good as the cocktail voice of Dick Van Dyke in Mary Papins, and it came into the old pony (where there fell into London - very apologies). <br /> <br /> I do not take away from the power of movies with strange accents and exaggerated acting styles. An attractive part of the movie despite the surface of the human bondage. It should look at perspective. At that time the technological and cultural limitations of the film industry were praised, and those limits provided a good job of directing John Cromwell's camera and allowing the story to be developed into a film, as well as through dialogue and conversation speech dealings with people. He is a good example of a skill in the Victoria station. It is beautifully evolved, shot and edited. Notice the scenes of the Mildred scene at the end of the film; They are more indebted to the opening days of the film than the pure and principled world of the studio that they dominate. <br /> <br /> The themes of the film are universally known and compelling: sexual stimuli, unrequited love, irritability, self-hate, manipulation, social differences and youth stupidity. Although the conversation is frequently hacked, it is good to have a difficult task to paint the inner lives of these themes and characters in the low key. The siege and emotional rejection scenes are uncomfortable to look at some but the story does not descend into the cliché; We know that the characters (sad mildred also) are victims and criminals, and their actions can be misunderstood by each other's feelings and their willful selfishness. Although the style is innocent, the story does not diminish the human complexity of the difficulty and the acting personnel and the slightest flying exchanges. <br /> <br /> Human Bondage One Betty Davis is one of the best-known witnesses in Hollywood, and as you see it you are witness to a famous profession. Her traditional beauty and screen karissa (no one is missing her or disappointing) is her first appearance. Her memorable performance in the film is also amazing as Leslie Howard's sensitive and sensitive student Philip Kare. If they have a good combination, why oh why he did not help her with that terrible, terrible voice!
