Well, another awesome example of the film-making of the awkward 70s! "What's the matter with Helen?" The radius of the maze is very surprising and disturbing, but it is presented in a beautiful and trendy fashion! In the hands of any other film crew, it's definitely a nasty and sourly exploited story, but director Curtis Harrington (who is a sleeve aunt?) And screenwriter Henry Farrell ("hush? Hush ?? sweet Charlotte") Beautiful and almost enchanting mix and themes and styles. The basic storyline of the film is absolutely horrendous, but the love stories are too much to experience, such as a swinging atmosphere of 1930 and singing and a whole lot of dance-dance! Setting this image is very unique. We literally hit back in the 1930s with the spectacular depiction of the sound of music, religion, theater business and wardrobe of noise. Following a lengthy and thorough investigation into the death sentences for their sons, Adele (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) flee to California and try to start a new life in school to dance young talented girls. Adele is uniquely suited to the new environment, because she falls in love with the local millionaire, but sinks down the poor old helen madness and paranoia. She only listens to the radio-evangelist's ranglings, fearing that her son will be punished for committing crimes and increasing the violent tendencies. The script is well written, though without flaws, well written and the image is fast enough. Singing, dance and tango sequences are very extensive and are not quite as unreliable for the original story, "What's the matter with Helen" is not always disappointing. But the atmosphere is constantly overwhelming and the film will definitely benefit from Shelley Winters's magnificent acting performance. She is undoubtedly scary and intriguing that she has been overwhelming in the last ten minutes, most notably Second Freddie Krugers, Jason Vouryes and Michael Meyers. As a gifted writer like Michelle MacIliamori, as a gorgeous priest and as an exemplary visitor to Lady's house as Timothy Carey, unfortunately, there are some incredible supporting characters that are unfortunate and stolen. There are moments of real shock to have surprisingly gruesome scenes and feelings of Grand Guineel among us, but especially set pieces and clothing models (even Oscar nominated!) Are breathtaking.
