I'm preparing to hate this film, so I believe it's worth watching this movie. Overall, the use of the story and the deceit, but the charm and finesse of the picture is removed. Jason Lee has crabs, and his employer / future mother-in-law and colleagues try to keep him from being overly strict, but it sent me as laughter. Some of the film's deceptions are very high-brow, but they laugh at me. As I mentioned, the film has charm and the charm goes to a long way. <br /> <br /> The characters are also liked. I wanted him to see more of James Brolin's character, he's blind in very few scenes, plus I'll worship any romantic comedy that does not play the role of wife, the plot hits the whole witch). Selma Blair's character is very rare, and I have never had a scene that I always thought, "Why did he want to marry her in the first place?" The end is Hollywood-ish, but it could not be more schmaltzy. <br /> The cast is talented. I'm not in favor of Jason Lee's mainstream work. I loved most of Kevin Smith's movies, but I did not think that I was disappointed with these dope characters. And he never seems comfortable in these dopey roles. He does not appear to be perfectly comfortable in the film, but he contributes to his two cents and effectively maintains every scene. But I still lose his work in independent films. Julia Styles proves why she is despised. However, she is the most beautiful girl with a bright smile that feels thick to me, but she also has a special charm and a good personality. In other words, she shows the beauty inside and outside. I do not know the names of the actresses, but the lady who is a drunken grandmother is happy. Julie Hogytti also has a small role, and she is always happy to see, and wants to get her good roles. I loved her in "Airplane" and "Lost in America", and I am unable to get the same opportunities to get used to her skills. <br /> <br /> Do not stop by terrible trailers and more terrible box office records. It's a funny, lovely picture. Romantic comedies are still imaginable, and the genre is also ready to break the toilet, so there is always a good look at these bad apples. <br /> My score: 7 (in 10)
