The lady from Shanghai is also outstanding by the standards of its famous director, Orson Welles, whose last Hollywood movie is related to much of the moon. ఈ రకమైన సంప్రదాయక చలనచిత్రాలు బాగా ప్రాచుర్యం పొందాయి మరియు అది ఒక రహస్యమైన మహిళ (రిటా హేవర్వర్, వీరితో కలిసి వెల్లెల్స్ పోషించిన) లక్కీ ఐరిష్ నావికుడు ఆ సమయంలో వెల్స్ను వివాహం చేసుకున్నారు) మరియు ఆమె అనారోగ్యంతో బాధపడుతున్న, మరియు బహుశా నపుంసకత్వము లేని భర్త, ఎవెరెట్ స్లోన్ చేత హృదయపూర్వక ఆనందంతో ఆడబడింది. ఒక దీర్ఘ సముద్ర సముద్రయానంలో బాలేగార్డ్ వలె వెల్స్తో, మరియు స్లాయన్ యొక్క చట్ట భాగస్వామి (గ్లెన్ అండర్స్) మారిపోతున్నప్పుడు మరియు ప్లాట్లు మందంగా మారుతుంటాయి మరియు ఆ వ్యక్తి ఆత్మహత్య మరియు ఇతర అనారోగ్య విషయాల గురించి బేసి ప్రసంగాలు ఇవ్వడం ద్వారా ఇబ్బందులను ఎదుర్కుంటాడు. Mental breakdown Murder plot occurs, and all kinds of disasters Wells and his owners to follow, and this time the story, mess and a leisurely pace and said, in the deep end of the passes and the film is the final part of the brilliant film sets and pieces of the film drive and the emergency of its story to visirinatluga Including, as well as its result Cumbersome and often fun to be extremely vigilant. <br /> <br /> Well, it's hard for Wales to have to do with the film to resurrect his career through his vehicle for his wife in Hollywood. But self-destruction interference, which is often done with Wells, and Miss Hewweth does not seem to get less. An aesthetic personality escapes her beauty with her glamorous nature, in which she does not have a quality. He presents a very simple, easy to work with the director for the Wellesley is named as a man, (rationally), said the sailor, herrilo, Harry strangely disappeared. Twenty or thirty years later, Sean Connery or Robert Shaw managed to live a breath of life. Wells do not. The most interesting show for the film is Glenn Anders' Grissby, Sloane's Tower, an unreliable law partner. As part of Anders wonders, and his scenes with odd, sour note to the end, and are often edited capapilli, bizarrely, are to appear in the photographs; కానీ అంతేకాక అతను గ్రిస్బీ యొక్క భయపెట్టడంను కలుగజేయడానికి మరియు కలతపెట్టేలా చేస్తాడు మరియు తిమోతీ కారీ వంటి యాభైల కంటే ఎక్కువ ఆడంబరమైన పద్ధతి గల నటులలో ఒక సున్నితమైన విధంగా ఊహించాడు. <br /> <br /> I know about this film: Wells is trying to say what? He is a very talented and intelligent person, and has opted to make statements in his films, which is brilliant, whether or not with his world views. I have an answer or a partial impression: Wells summed up his film career. He denounced his rope ending in the Hollywood studio system, which he dismissed. The lady from Shanghai is not exactly nose-thrilling at the studio moguls of the day, but I suspect its rival, the big shot advocates of opponent (read: Producers), expressed Energy Opinion Wells opinion. He is a rammerless sailor himself. Wells is definitely a long-time traveler, and he rarely lived in one place long. He was appointed by a studio to provide a big, prestigious film (Citizen Kane), so he did not recover entirely because of his controversial storm. It may be a problem that does not speak his name in the film, telling him the promises of his promise of not getting the shock of his newness in the Welles film colony and his promise not to supply things. His role in Hollywood was just the same, unable to cope with disasters beyond his control. He laughs himself in the film, showing the absence of self-knowledge in the role of the innocent guy Wells. He was more of a player than he was, and he imagined that he had despised his knowledge of the things in the world of life, and he knew it too.
