<br /> <br /> After the studio Morgal of Orson's film, Morgan connings from Mr Wells have 9 creams from 9 pages after being written after seeing the revised version of Harry Conn. "... The title title music is the first rate written by the composer George Anthil, even though it has written for all of the films, this temporary title music has dark and horrible atmosphere, which is lush and romantic, which is acceptable." Currently "to this composer (Heinz Röhlemd) The only musical idea involved is to use a popular song called "theme" - ca. "Please Do not Kiss Me" for almost every bridge is also great on the backdrop for every bridge. This tune is great, it does well in the hit parade - but the lady from Shanghai is not a musical comedy. Our royalty is now referred to in our buses The great devotee of the old-style type is "Disney." In other words, if anyone falls down, I will not be dissatisfied with it ... I can not be dissatisfied with the results ... Before I went to go abroad, I was invited to Vi (Viola Lawrence, editor) near Taxi-Cab The danger of collapsing and dialogue has been reduced quite a bit and asked to make a cut. Slowly in the early sequence, I believe it saves much needed footage (this is not a movie, calculating the major weaknesses of the film's weakness) ... There is nothing actually Rita's diving to assure a big orchestra crescendo ... what is the beauty of Rita? The role of the naked instructions and astonishment of Michael. Any or all of the music may be triggered by these subjects. Instead, dive is rampant by a big climax or a plethora the pap in a closer symphony or by Donald Duck flowing into space ... a downfall ... no sound climate on the boat. A little wind and water is badly missed. This is not a point when a process is being screened in front of the screen and there is no point when filming a scene in the real boat ... At the start of the picnic sequence ... we are a very interesting, sexy Latin American race on a temporary score ... It's a bland "dramatic" sequel - with bad stock stuff Replaced ... This kind of music does not fit correctly to protect the lady from Shanghai A whodunit ... There was a big musical eruption after the line of Grisby, "I think he wanted to kill him." It's absurd ... the Hawaiian guitar music coming out on the radio ... is brown enough to correct some sarcastic thing. When it stands now, it will be at the same level as the rest. We suspect there is no one in the audience ... the aquarium scene needs more echo. "Please Do not Kiss Me" again! ... a bad dubbing job and a poor scoring shot down Michael Pickup down the role. From the firing range to the phone call, the time and effort was carefully designed to create the confusion. For some reason, it has become vulnerable to vague halabalu. As a result, the whole series seems dull ... the audience will feel this time with Michael, maybe they are going crazy. The new dubbing job is that they probably feel sleepy ... Bringing glasses with gunshots should not be supported by music ... Closing music again "Kiss Kiss Me" ... This ending is clear to the opacity, and the film's ending is an uncertain wound. <br /> All the amendments from Orson are omitted
