Set in Japan, Ashura is the story of Demons taking on Earth. The campus is very complicated, but the architect plot should not be forgotten. Japan is in chaos, Demons has a human face roaming the territory. Demons are generally talking and behaving like humans, but bad. The Japanese term they use is not simply demons, but the traditional form of the mythical animal Ogre, of some historical elongation. We're talking about those creatures that appear to be gods rather than the more common ugly child eating monsters that are all human form. <br /> <br /> Stress the green eyes and green teeth, which appear to put in any sort. Demon-slayers have been there to protect the world from Demons. Trained and skilled fighters recognize and defeat every kind of giants, guide between the realm of hell and the real world. These are the basic campus. <br /> <br /> This story begins at a local town festival. Between these festivals, 3 men are riding, wearing black clothes and trying to get hurt. Outside of the devotees in nature, the villagers walk and try to kill them. The ghost-slayers end up killing a large number of demons. The story from here is interesting. The whole essence of the story is initially revealed by a giant-ghost ghost when the cat-keepers appear, revealing the arrival of Asura. With it, the man's rule comes to an end, and the demons begin to rule. However, Ashura needs some kind of birth, which is the first step in the first stage, but you can not get it until you see the film. The wise man of 3 ghost attacks, a powerful yet immoral person, and a skillful and kind-hearted warrior. As soon as you can see the wedge between them, the old man who wants to stop the demons, one of the most powerful ones he wants to rise to his inflated ego maniacal greetings and lets watch to stop the third second. He also meets a fancy woman and believes that she has a special relationship. She asked good-natured officers and officials. When the two finally face the face, she puts her arm on her shoulder, and she suddenly hit her with a mark on her shoulder. Needless to say, the mark is not a good sign. What is good, good, good, earth, good and bad is war, good and good. Thought. I got to be a fierce action style film, or even a horror movie giants with the likes of which can be seen either horribly bad and foul creatures Ringu and Ju-on. But I thought I was wrong in the best way. It seems to me that the story is much like an adaptation of old Japanese play, and it also plays like a great concept, a striking narrative and essentially driven adrenaline scenes with a style that makes you stress out to sit out in the gore. Several scenes are filmed with luxurious dialogue between the two characters, the likes of which can not be seen in the Hollywood movie. It's away. <br /> It becomes a practically theatrical experience which takes your breath <br /> The film uses some immaculate scenery and camera work to compare many great samurai images in our days, but adding to it well thought and music plot. <br /> <br /> In my book, with great performance, great music and absolutely fantastic scenes. <br /> When asked, it is a disclaimer that is not for everyone. Its inexpensive thrillers are not horror, it's not for wall action. It is depicted in a horror style play. Flying with the face of traditional-liners, it takes time to do and takes a long time. Similar to Japanese dramas, the exchange between the characters will take several minutes to come together for a quick and spectacular war scenario. If you can enjoy a thing, this is a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good image flicks small plot and high nudity slasher, then you can easily look for something. Overall <br <br, I am a unique and amazing one that keeps you riveted with this movie, and amused. It is good writing, good acting and good direction. It's all solidly in great films.
