I must admit that this film seems shocked at some of the most negative comments and frustrates this film. I think its great horror / sci-fi movie. Colonel Steve Wester (Alex Rubber) returns to Earth after returning to historic space. While in space he convinced some bizarre and unknown disease. He lurks in the hospital bed, he sees in a mirror and his face is melting before his eyes! Having escaped the care of hospitals he hid in a few local forests surrounding a small town. Unfortunately he starts to develop a fast-growing hunger that can only be satisfied by eating others. He must drink the blood of others for food and survival on human flesh! Stealing human food begins terrorist rule! To help him find his old friend, Dr. Ted Nelson (Bar Debenzing), help him. He wants his owner General Perry (Myan Hayley) to keep the ultra silent. Nelson can not even mention his wife Judini (on Sweeney). However, sheriff Blake (Michael Alldredz) is suspicious, and General Perry consumed half of the local urban areas. How does the movie really understand why such negative reviews do not mean, what do people think? Anyway I really like this movie. The film's star is undoubtedly rick bakers special make-up and gore effects are great, and in fact their all prosthetic effects and worst terrible CGI are much better. The author and director William Sachs are not afraid to use them either, we get up the stunning melodic man's shots close to some wonderful long-term flanking and they now get even better. Photography, music and directions are a little dull, but not enough professional. The script creates somewhat sympathetic to the monster, ted looking at Nelson's House for a long time or reacting violently when he sees his reflection in some water. Conclusion, set to a large factory in a sort, pretty downbeat so do not expect any happy ending. It's a surprise to me. Also, the script does not really have anything on the premise, he's just a bit too easy to walk around, melting and killing, with his friend trying to stop him. Personally I think the fat nurse is near the start of the film's worst bit when a nursing corridor runs down a slow motion, her screams are also shot in slow motion, it looks and sounds totally ridiculous! You need to trust it! I like this film and I recommend the fans of the 70s and 80's horror / sci-fi fans. A bit of mine's favorite.
