Until the 1990s, there was never a film based on Jane Austen's "Emma". Both of them came in 1996, the same year. Or, you counted "clueless" in 1995 and updated the story of Austen in two years to the modern American high school. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from the Good Work family in Regency England. Elizabeth Bennett or even more than most Austin heroines like Fanny Pryce, she is financially good, and does not need to recognize herself as a wealthy husband. Instead, her main predecessor seems to have found husbands for her friends. She convinces her friend Hriette to reject a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, who believes that Harriet wants to establish his attention to the prestigious priest, Mr. Elton. This scheme leads to a catastrophic error, although Elton did not have Harry's interest, but fell in love with Emma. Wonder why the Emma's denial of her proposal is a fitting marriage partner (with good reason) that she does not match her friend with her friend. As it is Jen Aston's plot, Emma turns into a less-than-committed sphincter, and she also falls in love, causing more complexity. <br /> <br /> Kate Beckinsale was a Hollywood actor in 2008, but in 1996, Gwyneth Paltrow was not internationally known, although only one year old. She, however, agrees with Austen's good intention, but often as a false headache. Beckinsale has a gift for classical roles - she is the happiest hero in Kenneth Branagh's version of "Much Ado About Nothing" - and I sometimes found that Hollywood has found more favorable characters for her, such as "Pearl Harbor" or "Underworld" in Turkey. <br /> <br /> I chose Jeremy to have a strong mark as Emma's girlfriend, Mr. Knightley, because he came close to my own character, and Emma is more than a lover. (His surname was probably meant to refer to his Gentleman nature-nineteenth century adults considered to be the modern equivalent of the medieval knights of their elaborate symbolic tendencies). The strong age difference (he is 37, her 21) is less of a question and makes it a lover and less knowledgeable counselor than Knightley than Northley. Samantha Morton (another big actress) is probably closer to Harry's novel than Tony Colette. <br /> <br /> It is small in two versions, television rather than television, and sets and costumes are less luxurious and have fewer names in cast. Costume drama, however, is generally good for British television, and this version is definitely a cinematic version of its own; Two entertaining and well-designed Austen novels. 7/10
