Many critics are R.W. Fosbinder feels fearful that both Wilkie and the Nazis played the role of human in the film. However, the connoisseurs of other phosphider films, "Lily Marlin" (1981) belong to "female images" such as "The Marriage of Maria Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). According to Fosbinder, men usually maintain their respective roles in society, and Fassbinder convinced "women can think in a different way". Dialectics, however, means that, unlike the thesis and its differences, in our black and white world, the opposite can simultaneously be synthesized. In addition, the distinction is that the complete opposite of the difference between the thesis and contradiction has been canceled by the third example of synthesis. Structurally speaking: Starting from a dialectical perspective and filming a fascist state, underground warriors must use basic paths, such as rulers, a chiotic relationship between criminals and victims, and each offender is also a victim and every victim is a culprit. The Facebook article describes this abstract trajectory, crossing classical logic in his play "The City, The Garbage and the Death" (1975) by Daniel Schmidt, titled "Shadow of Angels" (1976). <br /> Thus, the depiction of this time in a diagram is very controversial, in a different way, such as in Nazi Germany, where the identity of the world is very much with an ancient light-switch scheme, but its anti-members' thesis and contradiction Controlled example requires a third example of synthesis. It examines the correlation between criminals and victims, as it is not true that criminals are bad and not good for victims. In an artificial view, the wicked are involved in goodness, and the good ones are involved in bad conduct. They are interrelated. In a world-view based on scientific reasoning, a relationship between good and evil has not been established and in the ethics of this adequate logic system, Nazi Germany's deadly evil conscience, their ancestors' work, excludes the possibility of the relationship between these two relationships, and therefore a new estimate based on this relationship create. From the dialectical perspective of Fosbinder, Lili Marlene or Lola or Maria Braun can be condemned for their "misuse" of the governing system for their personal purposes, even if they do not misuse them. Against it, the victims should repeat the actions of the victims by repeating the actions of the criminals because they are legitimate by the chiastatic structure of a logic that describes our world rather than images of ordinary glasses, like their tactics, both "good" and "bad" Better than black and white logic .
