MGM was filmed in the same set of English versions, but in German, "Anna Christie" gained the benefit from the second role of Garo and she had a clear ease with the German dialogue. Gorbo is more relaxed and naturally appearing under the direction of Jacques Fader than Gary's Brown, and her silent filmmaking is wiped out, which has been completed by her transition. The strength she has brought to her role is still there, although it is soft, and Garbo reveals Anna's vulnerability. The entire cast, excluding Garo, is different from the previous version of the film, and Garbo profits are different from competing with Marie Schelker who stole each scene in the English language issue. In Feder's film, he is a distinguished centerpiece throughout the gabboo, although these three supporting players, most notably the father, gave spectacular performances. <br /> <br /> Fader's directing is more than Clarence Brown, and his camera Brown has not seen editing techniques by the emergence of a new sound process. The film moves with more clarity than the English language adaptation and the consistent nature of the first film has been replaced by the flow of the viewer's interest. William Daniels cinematography improves brown version in his filming. He captured the atmospheric conditions of Gauba's photovoltaic and style. Also, since the beginning of the screen play adaptation to European audiences, Anna's career has been very clear and there is a description of the audience who do not know the game about what Brown suggested. <br /> <br /> Garcia's Oscar nomination for "Anna Christie" is always somewhat mystifying, and the suspicion that I have given in more of the approval was made before the production code was introduced. Identifying a relatively smooth transition to sound films than her performance. However, some academy voters may see the German language version of the film, and for contemporary audiences, they find that "Anna Christie" is essentially an Oscar for Feder's direction.
