Fragile Carney, before his great times. Although it was sometimes directed at the time, and longueurs marred, the HOTEL Dude Nord was so much of the attraction and beauty of the French films of the 1930s, as well as the relative ease of touch unusual with this director. All of his great virtues are here: gliding, narrow interior to break through complex camera movements; The tragic experiment of light and shadow; Special and majestic sets by Alexander Trunar, as they refer to the title, take the person who makes their own appearance; Maurice Zabert's silent sensational music; A seemingly casual story that casts a sound on its characters about sex, tragedy and fortune; In this case Lewis Jouvet and Arletty, all the time acting out by some players. /> <br /> <b> In fact, this is the biggest failure of the film, and I am astonished (its importance to find out, dramatically, as usual as anyone), to admit it to its script. It's plenty of intellect and sorrow, but the poetry and irony is the Carne collaborator (although it's the only cliché to understand), without bringing their best images to the common Carne collaborator Jacques Préverter. The first idea that is set in the Ostensible Boarding House is not a way to avoid, the film is a love affair, and the first idea that embodies both emotional metaphorical and true solos stories is the one that works at least works well in the scenes of love. Annabella is very beautiful, but it is not very good at tragedy, but the calendars of the Aunt, its nature, its realism, feeling, and romance have been corrected. Maybe it's me, but I find a couple sympathetic, so young, so glamorous, who, after a few months, racked in despair they have to shoot each other. Their high-line lines are very embarrassing. In fact, the affair is not acceptable - they are a sign that young people, hopes and puffs in France, or perhaps France, are desperate to wait for their resignation. <br /> <br /> "The role played by the great tradition of French gangsters, although we have learned regularly, with the deduction of allies from prostitution He is a murderer in his previous role - and the theatricality of his position is crucial - he has a trait and he has the complete opposite of hiding. The life of an inexhaustible life, he was seriously shaken by the 'lovers' agreement, and fatalistic, thus trying to deceive the death /> <br /> <br /> This is a set of signals that are less than one person for entry, and that death is an inescapable reality, Surrender to the powerful man - a romantic model of Edmund Melville's clinical killers Will. <br /> <br /> one exception - he quietly gives hope, it is not a weakness - it is not the most inexplicable irony - his lethal solution. <br /> <br /> performance of Louis jauvet. Grant, Maestroeni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - I am studying my theatrical work in college, but this was my first flavor for his screenplay. It's more of a feeling than a real person (he says, is very rare). Edmund started the role of a small assistant, but emerged as a tragic hero of some power. <br /> <br /> The technique of Hollywood melodros of Sirick, and its developing ten years before, Carney's understanding is that the surprising thing is that the Oufls, Ray and Minnelly. Despite the novelty of his theatricality sierck's contemporary German melodramas and the clear eyes beauty (inspection of masterpieces Ju Neven UFERN and LA HABENERA), Carne's style really fits his theme. The principle of the film is the motto - the float and the cancellation of the credits, the hotel has a waterway - but instead of the open river of the Renoir, we have a canal, no staircase and manmade, going somewhere. The film starts to end, and the setting is always changing, two escape efforts are leaving. Characters can only be avoided by death - frames with narrow rooms, walls and hostages that their savings occupy can be emphasized by windows that they can never achieve. Any hope in the end, therefore, is serious, sexually, if compromised.
