After the introduction of Garo in Clarence Brown's "Anna Christie", Jacques Feder created a German version of the film that differs from all other castes except Garo. Although the American version is still available in the United States, most American viewers have seen this version mainly, while the German "Anna Christie" can be seen mostly in Europe. As I have seen two movies, I feel the right to compare two close knit productions. Is the image of Jacques Feather different? Better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I would like to focus on two films that are normal. They have the same sets, most similar scripts and the same timeline presented scenes. Here, you can also find the story of a young boy who returned to his father and try to start a new life. Here, you're a bit less funny in the amusement park. However, when she insisted on her, I made the first distinction. She does not cause such curiosity when speaking. Unlike her speaking, many of the 1931 viewers attracted more attention to her performance than most viewers. Garbo is very good in the American movie and she is also very good here. However, I feel more realistic in the German version. Garbo has notice that she does not pay attention to the way that most words (artificially created sensation: GARBO TALKS!). She was not very well pronounced in German; Yet no one cares: absolutely everything means. So, in my American version comment I can say the same: Skial Greta Garbo! <br /> Furthermore, the film is the most important thing: the cast of the rest. Here comes the question: Is the character so appealing, is it really good? The differences are filled with varieties. Garo's lifelong friend Salca Wirtel (or Salca Steueman), Mary Schiller did not do much work in the role of Martha Owens. She is not bad, she is sometimes different (from today's perspective) but Mary is still not real in the role of a dresser and still sums up to us and whose moments are definitely on time. Some people say that people are better than drummer, and that view, though questionable, has some truth. <br /> <br /> Theo shawl is much more sympathetic than Charles Bickford, but when applied to him, performance of performance is not much of a function. <br /> <br /> Hans Junkermann is truly valuable in the role of Chris Christopherson, the father of "German Anna Christie". George F. Marian vs Hans Janekerman is one day away. With the fear of overcoming his daughter's attention, Jakarman, a alcoholic slave, played a true alcoholic slave. The first meeting of Anna's first meeting with his father is really amazing, the opening moment of Chris's dialogue with Martha is especially remembered for his facial expressions and flawless performances. Chris, who dreamed you ever laughs, Junkman leaves your picture of a calm sailor in your mind. Great! <br /> If you find American "Anna Christie" and have a chance to get a German version, the slightly different look in the story is good and accurate because I would highly recommend this film. The best way to compare Clarence Brown's film, and the first, is a wonderful opportunity to find an amazing performance: Hans Jackman's. Skial or Prost, Hans Junkman!
