Master Director Ching Siu Tung is perhaps the most popular of this series, A Chinese Chinese Story 1-3. Chinese Ghost Story Stars Leslie Cheung worked as a tax collector in some distant past in China, who had to spend a night during his "collecting tour" during some "grotesque" war. Beautiful actress Joi Wong / Wong is the dominant ghost and a powerful demon in the castle, and she grows herself / herself with the help of beautiful ghosts. Leslie and Joey fall in love, and when the demons do not allow humans to live, they decide to break those rules and live happily in the rest of their lives. <br /> <br /> The film is less of magic than other films by Ching Siu Tung. His masterpieces include Dual to the Death (1983) and the Swordless Series, all of which have excellent visuals and dynamics. Ghost Story is full of intelligent lightning and dark atmosphere, which is beautiful and good ready to light up the strong presence of ghost. The effects just take breath and work at their great power on the big screen. The camera shook all the time and twisted and this film adds to the fairy tale atmosphere. There are many wirefoids and I feel that although some people think they are and are incomplete or stupid when used in movies, I feel that they can not give any other tools such as magic, freedom and creativity. . When people travel in these films, these films are not only about our world, and they describe the life that is usually bigger than life with the power that is more than this art. <br /> <br /> The story about the power of love is pretty touching and warm, but the problem is that the characters are very small and work occasionally on occasionally. Leslie and Joe should have written more attention, their characters are more powerful, more profound and honest to give the story more power and make this film more important and important. Furthermore, the message about love and power is more elaborated on one occasion, and it remains only to comment and discover the minds of the viewer. Another negative thing about the conversation is that it is quite plentiful and people speak for a reason without reason. It's very frustrating and unfortunately many script writers show the errors they're writing about when they write their movies. People just talk and talk and everything is as easy as possible to understand everything and therefore this is not a very challenging or trustworthy because this rare element exists. Think of just the Japanese filmmaker Takeshi Kitino; His films have very few conversations, and all other movies require him to say things, always discussions, or talk about other characters in his movies too. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, the Chinese Ghost Story is the most beautiful and visually extracted East Cinema piece, and the song has received several awards in the Hong Kong Film Awards. I give the Chinese Ghost Story 7/10 and without any of the above errors, it's a perfect masterpiece of fantasy genre.
