Jon Fontaine is completely silent here. Her husband (Richard Ney) has lost her money with a combination of her stupidity and her atrocities, and they live in a small room or with little chance. They put on the most amazing outfits and go out and continue to socialize if nothing is wrong. He is a beautiful, incalculable, but completely forgiving person. Nevertheless, he would have to travel as long as Fontana was useful. So when she realizes that she does not want her divorce, she resolves to poison her, so she moves. Meanwhile, she has a lover (Patrick Knowles), whom she decides to fall because she is not great. Her old age meets Herbert Marshall, which has all the cuts and a boat that has more money than to spend the time spent by Fintine. She is targeting him and he decides to do well. He is all eager to eat through the young beauty. He's definitely not too exciting, and about as much as the sexy appeal of yesterday's omelette. But Fontaine is one of those gals who only have eyes for money, and she is the man standing between her and she is also transparent, so she does not notice or ignores what he looks like, looks through her and sees what she really wants and goes for it. She goes to do her husband's toxicity, delivering him very well and satisfactorily, and everything is fine. But always happens in the movies, and sometimes in life, some unexpected things begin to go wrong, and the tension rises appreciably, and the Fontaine begins to sweat. Photon is particularly tedious and terrified, and the net is good at starting to close on her, her growing sense of despair is palpable and our seats are on the edges. Hysteria and fear captured from the cool calculation and deception. But she loves her for her guilty, and she is the innocent victim of her scheme to set herself up. He condemned the death penalty for murder, because the death of the husband was accidentally emerged. But Sir Cordik Hardwick, playing a terribly determined Scotland Yard Inspector, feels something may be wrong, and begins to suspect the story and suspect Fontaine. He ends up with her, and in some scenes it is triggered by horror panic. But will he be saved before he can run? Will the Fontaine Worm go out of her? Herbert Marshall preserves her to save her longing? The film is directed by Sam Wood, and the film is truly a wonderful suspense thriller. I think I am well-qualified for the high-profile Noir's description.
