Seeing Sea is an interesting film experience. Overall, the whole concept is intense, internal, claustrophobic and small. Each frame looked something like a photograph, not much focus and part of a bigger picture. It is clear what we see in each frame. The physicality of the set also contributes to the sense of nuance and intensity. The lights in the middle of the road have built the roadway in half, the smallest gateway in the small town and the smaller and few cubes that function as companies that look after the whole town. The ocean view is also built by a small landing, where a large number of grasses can be measured to lay the grass in the air. No panorama. In fact, I reminded me about Moulin Marg's Montmartre series, where the camera is self-centered on the windmill, and it will rebuild the feeling of what's happening. I did not really realize how the lines really were distributed, I felt that the actions were overly dramatic and frivolous. Will Kinkino continue to do what she did when Fusanosuki announced that her fiancée was not really true? The people really did not change much, and the character Kikuno was very strong and resilient, although they were busy taking the n-shine business naked, the response to the role and seemed unnecessary and attention. When Kikuno's drunken boyfriend appeared, another example of odd performances was that Ryosuke decided to intervene and fell down the stairs, rising up, getting up on the stairs, and the light outside the light is simply unsatisfactory. I do not like the scenes of the fight? au contraire ?? <br /> <br /> Otherwise, when looking at a beautiful image, it provided an interesting piece of information (against Geisha) in the dark side of prostitution. Unfortunately, perhaps it is doubtful that the expectations of our wish women ("Honey ??" - I will provide comments that support actions) and the 19th century prostitutes really do. But once inside the house, the interior performance became the most interesting, clear and true and I presented a scenario where I imagined or imagined Japan's my romantic attitudes in the 19th century.
