Ah, yes, all-star blockbuster. Take a similar feeling, make it in the script and each freakin 'special influence can confuse Hollywood's Wizards up and then suspect common suspects: hot up-hammers, wanna- and never-wuzzes, and stick' em all cameras before unforeseen eye In collective roles in different sizes. <br /> <br /> We hope that some of them will not be too old to remember their lines. <br /> <br /> Leave it to the bishops of the box office to apply the concept of horror movies in the end. Post-Exorcist Thriller The Sentinel. Novelist Jeffrey Convitsz decided to try the scene of the children of Ira Levin's Romameri's gorgeous (and ultimately Satan) at New York Brownstone. As a result, the controversial vendor was some of the pragmatism, and the equally controversial, top-heavy / star laden vehicle, directed and directed by Dad Wish's Michael Winner, but disputed for several reasons that are not very troublesome. Kristina Ryans (Nashville) plays the role of successful model Alison Parker, who is very much over-stressed and worked more (I do not have to pay), just by her 24/7 schedule With the insistence, 'wanna-bride-right-now' boyfriend Michael also (DOG DAY AFTERNOON and classic SOB.IG film LIPSTICK's Chris Sarandon). One of the ways she's trying to get out of her is to go to her own place; A big, beautiful brownstone in Manhattan her massage-dining broker Miss Logan (from Golden Age screen vet ava gardner, cheap real estate in New York) <br /> Things might seem fine at first, but ah, yes ... Then there is a big noise from the steps on the sounds and overnight stairs. And Gerd (Sylvia Miles) and Sandra (a big beginner Beverly de Angelo), a good "single friends" (Lesbians reading) Charles Cházen (such as the creepy cuisine) Burgess Meredith), a little less about Alison's welfare? And other dirty squirrel cousins ​​(you should never listen to the phrase "black and white cat, black and white cake"), especially if you want to smile through your nose and do not wont even simultaneously, especially the old blind priest. Alison's Murfs is a gruesome murder, (one of the film's most underworld-early fears), and Alison With the help of two Alison's BFF, Jennifer (Deborah Rafin), Michael, combined with the puzzle to reveal the dark roots of Brownstone, as well as not to tell others about Alison's relationship with them, the agenda of its other-world peoples agenda. Although there is nothing controversial about the overstop cast that shows each actor of different artists looking for work at that time, The winner and the company went back to the sound basics of the winner and the company back to the physical basics of Sentinel's cleikic everything and everybody-to-go hello sequence To be clear, what a serious director I am I think, Linda Blair and green-peas soup was not the case. It sure will leave you with the Arctic Fingers playing your spinal cord like the zither, knowing this juicy little tidbit of information that you see. And the filmmakers have recently had the technology to reopen: special effects that do not have a direct set decoration and CGI (which does not exist already.) <Br> Sentinel is that kitschy, the last seventies cheese factor, but some gasp - Do not manage to distinguish from time to time with inspiring moments, horror writers make it easy Yitalu to hunt at night, alone, and things are going to bumper and srikki. Moreover, any single person living in solitary confinement does not fall into bed in the dark, and they heard the sounds of HOPE, the "building settled" sound. <br /> <br /> After the Sentinel with an indisputable sequel to Konvitz, the GUARDIAN (William Friedkin is not confused with the supernatural thrillers namesake), has never adapted for the screen. = Sigh of relief =
