Even if this little film is dark, why not even some crazy songs are not sure; Sentinel is a brilliant and innovative horror movie, which gives the most acclaimed ghost stories than their run for money. Michael Winner has repeatedly admitted that he is not the best director ever and shines in many cases with the film; But it is in the uninspired direction of the film, and the winner is somewhat to say that it simply works with the fact that the talent just managed to round up the amazing cast. The plot is undercover and Alison Parker begins by focusing for a flat to hunt. She finds that she has not purchased many of the features she is looking for, but when she sees a fully furnished apartment for a reasonable price, she feels that her fortune will change. As her neighbors do not like her problems, it will soon begin ... This issue will increase when the property broker says she has just one neighbor; <br /> <br /> The cast list is incredibly awesome, with relatively familiar Christina Raons coming up with a great supporting cast. Chris Saradan is a small carpenter in his role opposite Rhines, but little parts such as John Corredrine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Gold Blum and Christopher Walken, but rather than Sarandon's lifeless role. Michael Winner is doing a good job at his central position because the flattering black story is a creepy and horrifying arrangement. The film is a little slow to begin, but it never boring; And Michael Winner's screenplay provides a surprise that is almost impossible to guess from offset, which definitely deserves some appreciation. But unlike many, the end winner is a definite climax as the winner shock goes out all the way, and the oddities he's used to the original human is - true, like the very similar slow burning horror, this does not have to go for the money; I had to say he would do a very good job! Overall, the film might be a pure hookah, how you look; Sentinel is one of its kind better films, and it is definitely a major highlight for the director.
