This is one of my favorite horror films. It's a fabulous cast of ensemble cast, beautiful on-site cinematography, a chasing musical score, intelligent and novel plot theme and great classy production of horror and intimidating atmosphere. This reminiscent of classic classic films such as Romerie's Baby and The Shining, where young people and weak women find themselves victims with confusing old and creepy buildings. Here, Cristina RAINES plays Alison Parker, a New York City fashion model. She is a deeply controversial and troubled spirit of happy, outgoing external masks. Earlier she had attempted suicide-once she was a teenager, she walked on bed with her damaged father and struck a silver cruisifice from her neck, dropped it on the floor, and secondly sued after committing suicide by her lawyer's wife's wife. She answers a newspaper announcement for a bedroom apartment with a full-fledged, spacious apartment in her old Buoklyn Heights Brown Stone, a year or so she is carrying her Buuu (the suitably slimy Chris Saran). This building really exists and is located at the Brooklyn Heights Providence of Remens Street at 10th Montague Terrace. The producers were originally filmed inside the building and its apartments, paying residents to their inconvenience, of course. The real estate agent, Miss Logan (AVA Gardner), had an interest in taking Alison's apartment- the 6% commission she earned would not be fully exploited. Especially when she drops the rental price of $ 400.00 a month from $ 400.00 quickly. When Alison accepted and left the building with Miss Logan, an elderly man sat down and looked clearly from the top floor. Miss Logan recognizes her as her father and says Alison is blind. Alison's response is quite logical- "blind? What then does he see?" After moving, Alison met some of the other residents of the building, including a lesbian couple by Sylvia Miles and Beverly D'Angelo, who were uncomfortably welcome to the building. Alison's mental health and physical well-being begin to deteriorate soon and her wedge is suffering from headaches and epilepsy. She disappointed her sleep by discovering her sleep on the night and when she was sleeping in the footsteps of the apartment directly, when she was asleep, the blind priest and now in her building for the last three years. She called a nightly night to face death at night and knocked her hand with a butcher knife and a flashlight and went up the apartment. She faces the cancer-ridden spectator of her father's father and uses the sword in self-defense when she comes. Police do not investigate and find violence in the apartment-no corpse, no blood. Alison then escaped from the building and collapsed in a street covered with blood. But she is Nari Marc on. Alison can not be realized anymore, and the intention of the film is to be in Brownstone. There is a reason for her-the angel Uriel at the entrance gate to guard the Bible story of the Eden Gardens and the Devil. The Catholic Church is experimentally and preparing without knowing her, which guarantees that her soul, which is rational for two suicide attempts, can save her. At the same time, "invisible" neighbors, just turned out more than agility oddballs, she had a different agenda in her mind. This is an efficient and intelligent film and it describes the Church and its representatives in the most sympathetic light.
