This horror film, based on the novel of the same name, is a flawed product and is inconsistent in the chaotic, amateur direction, but this is fantastically compulsory. Unlike Sharker Horror Flicks like The Exorcist, the film takes the viewer into a nasty and relentless dip into nasty flowers. It drits into horror, dance on the audience with the same dreamlike slack like the dance on the poor girl who is unwittingly chosen to be the next watchman. Her appointment was to sit at the gates of hell and prevent the evil that broke into the world. <br /> <br /> This book is original to the story, it's inspired, but the revised method loses the viewer. The film does not have a delicate and satisfactory explanation of the painful elements. Sin. Sentinel is not the type of your seat of the edge of the image; This is more watch-and-scrum. As a bad car is offended, there is a compulsion to see even when it becomes unbearable. This film is not all bad, and still has the ability to shock. <br /> The cast is efficient. Christina Ruyans is a pawn in a mystical battle between good and evil, from both Alison and the attractive girl in a spiritual attack. Chris Sarandon is good as her guard but ultimately a self-centered lover. Eli Wallach and very young Christopher Walken were detectives struggling to unravel the bizarre puzzle they had entrusted to. She is elegant as Ava Gardner as a real-time realist who lurks in her rental property. John Caradine, who has his arthritis-twisted hands, needs to replace the death sentence. Devil plays to the lovely perfection of Burgess Meredith; He is very sweet and yet bad. Beverly de Angelo and Jeff Goldberg are the hidden stars in the film, trying to play as poor girlfriends and Jerry Orbach Jerkie's television director. At the end of the abominable souls are shot by the actual sides of the shoulders and geeks. <br /> <br /> When Alison opened a door, opened a flashback when he was found with his father, with two opposers. She abandons her first suicide attempt, a couple faces unsurpassed lesbians and sees a cat-cut cat. Time and again, through her dreams and awakening nightmares, yanked back and forth through reality and fantasy, while without the means to cope with all. True, the devil is trying to drive his madness enough to kill her before the next guardian. Can he succeed? Summary, slowly moving and still indescribably creepy, well-acted but poorly directed, and true shockers are a very scarier 70's horror movie before loose. (Pun intended) The movie may not work for those with little attention, but it still sends the spine back and offers a lower key shock value. It is a strangely compelling and entertaining dip into the evil kingdom.
