Alison Parker (Christina Rainas) is the successful top model living with her lawyer Michael Lehman (Chris Sarandon). In the past she tried to commit suicide twice: for the first time, when she was a teenager, her father cheated her mother with two women in her home, and then Michael's wife died. Since then, she left behind Christ and the Catholic Church. Alison finds herself an apartment in Brooklyn Heights, an apartment that lives alone in her own apartment and with the help of real state agent Miss Logan (Ava Gardner). She sees the weird man in the window on the last floor of the building, and Miss Logan reveals that he is a blind priest who lives alone with the support of Father Francis Matthew Haloron (John Karadine), the Catholic Church. Alison moves to her new location, and once she receives a visitor: her neighbor Charles Chazen (Burgess Meredith) welcomes her and introduces her to new neighbors. Then, he invites Alison to his cat Jezebel's birthday. The next day, Alison was fortunate in her apartment and her health. Alison is looking at Miss Logan and is told that she lives alone with the priest in the building. The further investigation shows that all persons participating in party investigations are dead criminals. Fearing the situation, Alison reassured Christ, and Michael is experimenting with creepy events. Alison learns that she lives in hell gateway. <br /> <br /> Although IMDb is low on consumer rating, 'The Sentinel' is one of the best horror films ever. In the movie theater for the first time in 70 years, I saw six times. On September 07, 2002, I purchased an imported DVD and saw it again. Yesterday I saw this movie again. Many years later, the film is still amazing. The creepy and short story is also frightening nowadays. Cast stars and stars. You can see many actors and actresses who are famous at the beginning of the career. Fans of the horror film are definitely worshiping 'The Sentinel', and I am one of them. <br /> <br /> The title (Brazil): 'A Centenella Das Malditos' ('The Despicable The Sentinel') <br /> <br /> On September 2, 2007,
