I have seen the end credits of Europe, I have never seen such a technological intellectual film in my entire life, Europe's visuals, I'm impressed with your waking up, and your Michael Bay, Ridley Scott forgets the hollywood cinematography of patching, europe is more tranquil beauty than these two million years is. Now I'm the first to bring back Lars von Trier back to his movies. Bright Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Life Beautiful Clean Up Away Cinematography (though no knows) Excluding Europa, Format Video Stores and (Until Recently), It's not Stripped, Waves and Dancer Breaking, but Stupid, Europa Not Recognized by Cinematic Professionals For a Long Time British TV channels. <br /> Visuals in Europa is not MTV Glass; It is not a case of style on the substance, but its more context suggests the ingredient style. Von Tierre, like his first film The Element of Crime, was brought to his world by the main character, and with the main character (or the Europa, we viewers), like Element, was hypnotized. When we move down the tracks, the voice of the story (Max Von Sido) is deeply asleep, and we're awake in Europa. ఇది వాన్ ట్రైర్ మరియు అతని ముగ్గురు సినిమాటోగ్రాఫర్లు సమయం మరియు చిత్రాల యొక్క సమావేశాలతో చెల్లించడానికి అనుమతిస్తుంది, నేపధ్యంలో ఉన్న పాత్ర, నలుపు మరియు తెలుపులో ఉన్న వ్యక్తి ముందుభాగంలో ఉన్న వ్యక్తితో వ్యవహరించేటప్పుడు యూరోపాలో పలు దృశ్యాలు ఉన్నాయి ఉదాహరణకు, వాన్ ట్రైయర్ రంగు అంశం లేదా వ్యక్తికి ఇతివృత్తం మీద ఎంత ప్రాధాన్యత ఉందో మాకు చూపించడానికి ప్రయత్నిస్తున  Fiber, for example, Leopold kesler (Jean-Marc Barr) is not surprising because it is the color of the first shot of the movie, because he's the only character who has dominated over. <br /> <br /> The performances are good, and later the Van Trayer may not be equal to performances in the movies, but sometimes the pictures are round if you do not really select them for the first time. But I want to show him in the lead role of Jean-Marc Bar, his blind ideology slowly be warned by two opposing sides until he ends the final action of the films. Again, the worst as Crime Element, the film ends with our destiny Seal Van Sido's only continuous narrative, our hero unable to awaken from his nightmare state, leaving this terrible place. Europa is a tremendous film, and he is one of the most talented visual directors of Van Viere's work at that time, Europa, which is filled with a wealth of iconic scenes from his movie art. The compound and mice-n-scene did not match his dedication, nor did he mention the use of sound and product design. But who can argue after his no-frills melodramas turned out to be the breaking of Waves and Dancer in Dark, but it looks like the waste of an imaginary talent. 10/10
