2003 was the year of the Matrix, which was originally related to the film when it released two sequels and a computer game. The release of 9 short animated films DVD was also released, mostly made in Japan and made into anime. Japan makes the best animation in the world. Sadly many of these shorts are disappointing. <br /> <br /> The second revival is made as a historical file. It tells us how humans made their own comparisons. Human beings live in human beings, in the work of society, and in the second class citizens. In 2090, his machine was investigated for the murder of the BI-66ER, who wanted him to be deactivated after his employers were killed. The machine is not a fair trial and the riots begin around the world. Governments of the world to overthrow the machines. Many machines leave human society and form their own country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily reduces human nations, which can lead to the financial crisis. Human Block 01 and humans who are responsible for the war of slavery in order to deny machinery requests for peace. <br /> <br /> The second revival sets in an amazing, classic animation style and compelling world. It shows how the machines are harassed and how the seeds sold for their own destruction. There is a political and social world and it tells a lot when it's low running. A style for small share themes and classic silent film metropolis begins with partially underworld. They are the themes of slavery, the working class and the misuse of racism. It also has some of the smallest religious themes and religious shrines. Mainly men looked to themselves as god and created machines in their own comparison. Watching themselves as the right masters of machines. These machines are also used primarily for religious iconography, which is born in their human civilization and provide an apple for machines that are dressed as Adam and Eve. <br /> <br /> Animation style is beautiful, in traditional anime style (like Akira). Set designs are great, combining future with historic cities, e.g. Washington D.C .. The future scene drops well, surprising violence, which is crucial to the film. Director, Mahira Maida, also directed anime sequence in Kill Bill Value. 1, so Hollywood has good evidence. He wants to use violence and learn how to continue a story. <br /> <br /> The first matrix is ​​a continuation only in the film, because the war will show that the men who have opened or who have historic records are not. But its a good watch.
