Here is one of the most attractive filming locations in the history of familiar faces and horror movies, with an accurate part of low budget horror, original premises. So ... tell us why this movie is totally underestimated. Despite the blockbuster hits like "Die Hard", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea", "Prison" is the first American film of Finnish director Harlin. The story takes place in an ancient and rare Wyoming jail, which is responsible for more modern populations in other modern, more modern state attorneys. In the former run dungeons, the restless soul of the electric chair is still in the hands of a restless soul. Warden Einton Sharp (Lane Smith), who was already promoted 40 years ago, had already killed this innocent and remembers his distinctive role in the unjust inquiry. The time has come for the vengeance to be finally arrived. Viggo Mortensen also has a good car thief, and a large bodyguard and a Chelsea field slowly describing the past secrets as a mental social worker. <br /> <br /> "More than half a dozen of the jail scenes in the" jail "are gore scenes but for some you'll stick it up for a long time to persist in the atmosphere! Unlike any other horror film from that decade, the "jail" realism has an amazing feel! Because of this, I mention the standard scenery and mood inside the prison walls, and not just about supernatural killings, even though they are really disturbing. The best parts of the film are images of realistic and rough jail-drama scenes with visual turbulence and surprising horror. The absolute best Terror-Moment (which I have seen at a young age and then brought me with the nightmares) focuses on the gray-colored dead fight of the hedgehog. Haunting !! Screenplay suffers only one error, but it's a simple one ... almost inevitable, I guess: clichés! The story is in jail in almost every jail. We got an ugly, fat curve with his 'glamorous' boy doll, shy and racist guard removes the confrontation at all costs and ?? Do not blind yourself on these combinations, but there are many other things to admire about the old 'n' sensory black con (who did I ever mention the name Morgan Freeman? The photography is dark and moist, the mystery has long and successfully backed up and the characters in the support of class B-actors are amazing (fans recognize Tom Everett, Tom 'Small' Lister and Amara Horror icon Kane Hodder). Forget about Wes Craven's god-awful effort "shocker" or clear remorse cheese-flick "the chair". This down tracking value is only a jail chiller! Especially in Viggo Mortensen's popular days (I've acted in a successful franchise involving Elves, Habits and other fantastic creatures ...) These are the true 80 horror gems to get this DVD 80 release!
