Fully tactical, strange (to see Kinky moment featuring a drop dead cute blonde for a pull-string toy for some rich folks), is undoubtedly an integral late night night feature. This unhinged French product is a recipe for unplexed unocused ideas and random plot illustrations centered on its some attractive stars (somewhat anti-heroes) with Alain Delon and Charles Braunson. Really they do not want to do very importantly, especially with limited, lengthy middle division where they can hide in a building during a Christmas break to crash safely 10,000 possible combinations. Oh fun! But this is not true when a secret relationship between the characters of Delton and Bronson is incorrect. After the active battle of Will (and play against each other), both respect and mutually respect their mutual respect. This plays a different role in the Twisty Second Half of the story with the wrong curve-ball. And they have suggested that they have more of their encounters, but what we find is unclear and 'what will happen there?' You end up just jump. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! Getting out of the system is happy. <br /> <br /> This pacing is terribly slow, but is measured correctly and deliberately tired of its experimental and nervous approach. Look at the same process repeat over and over again, and you know that something is not quite right and the end of the conspiracy comes to play. Everything that happens now is very impressive, but the climax payments are haunted. Tutt, the complex script is probably a little too artificial for its own good, but some nicely wonders (try not spinning coins, glass and fluids ??) and visual icons. Jean Herman's direction is efficient and low-key, but a tad artificial and an unbreakable snow climate. The sound FX is mainly like a powerful note, rather than the funky score of François DeRoubaix, which is kept under wrapped after its noisy opening. Top drawers Delon (who is very rigid) and Bronson (a jovial turn) is solid, and each worked off amazingly. Bernard Fresson chalks up the inspector attitude who knows what is going on more than it has been driven. Attractive female actress Brigitte Fossi and Olga supports Georges-Picot. <br /> <br /> It is an unmanned, non-polished crime play performed by its two leads and some bizarre additions.
