I saw his Jean Renoir silence film, perhaps it was his best, and his first major work. Overall, it was actually a very assured and technologically successful movie that renounced the fact that Renoir's second baby was the only attempt. Rowdy servants how to cast their backs from their masters' females - the host of fans, a hostel of futuristic femme Fatale (1939) - a hostel of future Renoir films (1946) and Golden Tutor (1952), especially Diary's interesting hints - madly insulting themselves And French Konson (1955) - in a play At a scandalous dance at a time that shows a sequence showing. Individually, the film is G.W. I will say that it makes for a respectable companion. Pausch's Tales (1928), Joseph Van Sternberg's The Blue Angel (1930) and a prostitute. <br /> In its memoirs of a "mad effort" like Reinaire, it refers to him in person, A fortune was only costing (as a result he paid his last father's pictures of the financial burden he earned Ni-off), but the film is about to give up for good! In terms of style, NANA is quite different from the work of Renarir and owes a special loan to Eric van Stroheim's Foolish Wives (1922), a movie renaroo greatly admired - and a personal note, one that I really want to visit Presto Kino DVD and other von Stroiems are now 4 years old). At any time, NANA is certainly not without its flaws: a systematic pace makes some feelings while running overly generous 130 minutes with going on too long (especially the horse race around the middle point). It is also difficult for most maneuvering acting styles to perform at times - especially Georges Hugon of Catherine Hessling's Nana and Raymond Guerin-Catelain (one of her different suitors) ... their characters are technically, they are suffering from a bad actress (she is mocking on stage When the prostitute goes to the lifestyle) and weakening of one's immaturity. However, like Anna Magnani in the Golden coach, Hessling (Renaire's wife at the time) is not so attractive to be just "the essence of elegance" (as another fan describes her at one stage) who can make every man herself enslaved. Other notable figures in the cast are "Dr. Caligari" himself by Werner Cross (Nana's frequent godfather Count Muffat), Jean Angelo (a culmination of Nana's debut but eventually a tragic boyfriend) and future film director Claude Autant-Laura (like Claude Moore Bill and the art director as well as art) here is a close friend of Mufat but not a secret Who is secretive with the next neglected wife! <br /> I saw the print - Lionsgate "Jean Renoir 3-Disc Collectors Edition" - for the most part, a romantic restored and beautifully-dyed one that was previously available on the French DVD. Based on a classic of French literature (not by Emily Zola, but not less), it may not be helpful, but it has been repeatedly brought back and in 1934 Dorothy Arzner (Anna Sten and Lionel Atvil and I) owns on VHS) and Christian-Jack's 1955 I do not know, with Martin Carroll and Charles Boyer).
