I liked this movie. I completely disagree with some (negative) criticisms that I have read over the years. It's a great vehicle for Eddie Murphy! He has a great time in his role as Chandler Jarrell, and critics can not see what he is saying if he's funny? And his audience enjoyed a lot! And it's fun to watch because it combines great fantasy tension with Mr. Murphy's great comic style. Remember that you are a 'fantasy' movie 'Golden Child'. Magic and surprising speculative work among 'real world'. During the release of this film, I am working on a video rental store. This is most popular with all our customers. Every time, we have put this monitor on the monitor, all the copies that we put in the monitors list have been queued for months! It's like everyone's rented! I'm a Resident Film critic and my regular customers ask my opinion before they rent? I highly recommend them this one so this is one of my favorite and my users know the taste. I really think this film is a sleeper ?? Could not it do well at the box office? Due to very little marketing ?? But later the video was hired on rental and purchase market! (Yes, I bought this movie for my own video library!). Will I worship a little boy who played 'Golden Child'? J. L. Rette - but after watching his profile in the IMDb, I see that he has never made films. He was sad, because he certainly had a brightness on a screen and continued to have a movie career. Viktor Wang (who plays the role of Old Man) in 1986 ('I love Shen' in 'Big Trouble in Little China'). However, this is a great movie. The only drawbacks that seem to fit with the theme were some of the components that got a bit more 'adult' in nature? 'Chandler is a sexy woman who has given him a silhouette. It's funny, but still in sync. Okay, so there are some suggestive inappropriate scenes? That day was probably set for the mind-set. It is still the kind of adventurous and escape type of movie today to get away from all the hard core reality and depressing fluff that has been hit from Hollywood. Now entertainment!
