There is only one reason to fight against the death penalty. Everybody in Europe thinks so. Everything in the USA is different. The film is being shown in the first stage to demand justice against the death penalty for racially motivated demand for American justice. In this particular case, a young professor was relieved of the death penalty for a legal professor who returned to the defense advisor. But the film is a sequel. Justice in the USA is governed entirely by the goal of revenge. The abortion of justice is maintained by mere vengeance. A young man who has been accused of misconduct by a person in the local public attorney's office. This public attorney officer shortens charges after a while and the young man goes free walks. But he loses his college scholarship and makes him calm by some revenge people who can not smoke without any firing. He hides his shame and scales to get his vengeance. But he certainly absolutely needs to be satisfied with his sexual needs which is more emotional than hormones but because he is mentally and no longer hormone and he can only do that to little ones. He has obvious teams with another serial killer after the similar slavery. One day local police follow their intuition, guided by some obscene circumstances in the murder of a young girl, and arrest a young chap we speak. They questioned him for 22 hours defeating him, but questioned without blows and blows and telephone books, guns and Russian roulette. He agrees. When sentenced to death, he asks his grandmother to obtain a lawful professor in Massachusetts, husband of a representative of the local public attorney, who has been misinterpreted and reprimanded a few years ago. It will fail, but when justice, police work and other security forces act in correct legitimacy, some unfair actions have been done that can destroy the best case law and it increases the worst deeper thirst for vengeance. Charging one on occasion can lead to situations in which the work of police or justice is destroyed. The best aims of the police towards the intent of personal interference and retaliation have been destroyed by the intensity of a person's life by increasing the size of the witnesses, which can subtract the whole case with a good advocate, and thus easily removable. There is a deep reflection of the need to respect the standards and regulations with the police and justice line if we do not want to make mistakes after this film, in any case it does not support the death penalty. Americans have a deep belief: "We keep these truths self-evident, all men are created equal, some of them give their creators with ineffective rights, including life, liberty, and masked happiness." (Independence Statement) Life is a mystery right that has not been given to man by his Creator , It means no one, the person who gave it away Place. God takes only one person's life. The power that we do not have the death penalty is prideful. Even if we do not call God, we can not justify the death penalty except the act of vengeance, where the vengeance of vengeance is the worst in the judgment of justice and the establishment of public peace. There is no other support for this death penalty if retaliation is placed beside it. <br /> <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques Coulle, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorobane, University Paris 8 St. Denis, University Paris 12 Crete, CEGID
