This was the fifth Van Tyre film I saw. I believe that he is the only director who has been the highest scorer of all his films. Four of them, The Element of Crime, Europa, Breaking the Waves, and Dancer in the Dark, I gave a 10, and Idiots, a 9 (I first reviewed when I reviewed a 10, but I would like to see it again). He was selected to call himself one of the best executive directors. I agree with him. I can not blame him for being proud of such great films. In 50 years, when Tron retires, he sees as the leading artist from Europe (perhaps from the planet) and has classes taught in his name. Our time is only Bergen or Fellini. <br /> <br /> <br /> Let me tell you about Europa, it's confusing and its story is not strong. I think that's the point. This film is clearly perceived as a nightmare or a subset of some degree. Max Vine Sido's article: It's clear in the frame of the film. We are hypnotized, or a vinry is hypnotized, it is our / his subconscious mind. As Europe's degradation caused me anxiety, I'm willing to make more of his mind on my mind because an American is so small. If you see the Crime Element, this frame is also clear (I'm controversial in my mind, but something more than anything else for Europe is the right release on the DVD, hopefully the standard aspect ratio and the better the sound and the film, then, I'm sure, Van Tire's other films seem like great). In Crime Element of the Crime, the film begins with the hypnotist, both of whom will be seen on the screen at this time, fishers hipnotizing his European detective in pursuit of his emotional distress. The first words of the film were "fantasy okay, but my job is to keep you on the track." When Fisher is out, the narrator gets out of the track, the hypnotist punishes him and tells him to come back with the story. He laughs when he's given a really silly and simple line of a character. Something along the lines of, "You mean the difference between good and bad?" Hipnotist smiled, "Now, Fisher, did she say she did not really tell me?" <br /> <br /> The main sequel to the understanding of Europe is the sequel to the Element of Crime we are on our / Van Triers subculture, and the signs are commented in ourselves and different from everyone. What does the train mean? Think internally, and only then talk openly. Europa is a great movie, a masterpiece. I watched at 3 o'clock in the morning but I was not bored. It's the perfect time to see, in fact, since it works in the dream logic.
