Storyline: Max Von Sido's voice-over narrative character (and audience) hypnotizes 1945 back to our role The young American ideologist Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Bar) helped rebuild the country in a damaged country where just after WWII came in Germany in 1945. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) supplies Leopold with a job at the big Zentropa train corporation, but soon falls in love with Leopold Katrina Hartman (Barbara Sukowa); The daughter of Genentra owner Max Hartman (Jorgen Reinberg) is the daughter. Leopold finds himself soon to be losing his sense of corruption in a webpage of corruption, and is forced to choose between pest or colera. <br /> <br /> Mysterious mesmerizing, mischievous noirish, haunting, cute, and ugly. These are huge, descriptive descriptions of Lars von Trier's 1991 Masterpiece Europa, immediately after thinking about; The final chapter of the Europa trio. In the USA it has changed the Genetra, so the audience will not be confused with the EUROPA EUROPA of Agnes Holland since 1990 (equivalent to the second world drama). The Europa trilogy includes the FORBRYDELSENS element from 1984 and the EPIDEMIC since 1987 (the infamous experiment that sold 900 tickets in Danish cinema). Though the themes of the trilogy are not necessarily as visuals, trio separatism deals with the loss of hypnotism and idealism. In the early shot of Europa we move towards us as a Locomotive See our unidentified narrator literally hypnotizes us: "In the ten mental case, you will be ten dollars there will be Europa:" Ten ". . It is the main effect of the famous Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky Trier has said it all - a subconscious dream of reality that we are all told - a metaphor for movies' ability to transport us <br /> <br /> Europa utilizes a strange but very effective visual style <br. It's a black-and-white movie inspired by the use of this effect from the Shindler list (coincidentially another WWII play) from 1993 to Steve Spielberg. Also known as the Trier Dutch Devas and reuse the background-projection by adding call-operation layers exclusively on the layers, but unlike ancient Hollywood films, it has been incorporated for financial reasons, and uses it for the artistic reasons. These carefully conducted strange-looking visual techniques we're in a dream reality, we are hypnotized; The EUROPA universe is not true! The EUROPA has often criticized the sophisticated technique (such as a multi-layered background-projection) on plot and characters, but hey critics criticized Stanley Kubrick's 1968 visual masterpiece for 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY - now it's a destiny site < The EUROPA also suffers from historic flawed accusations. Apparently the Tracer Nazis Veroffe Terrorist-Group appoints many historical significance. According to the various online-sources correctly (a cute thing - try it yourself!), And Trier's intention does not portray education as accurate or educated. EUROPA is a constant nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, and thus a distorted reality universe that meets the audience. Equally it shows how our memory is deceiving us - a 100% perfect reconstruction is a lie! Although young audiences who have a younger audience enjoying younger audiences in memory from WWII, we have a collective memory from various BBC documentaries, so these little bugs actually provide a benefit: We Germany in 1945 after WWII <br /> <br /> Three Europa trio chapters young theorists With great intentions of losing their ideological innocence, as well as corruption Rikaristunnayi. The obscure conclusions of the FORBRYDELSENS element and EUROPA show the theorists who are always attracted to their hypnotized reality. During the EUROPA shooting in Poland in 1990, Lars von Trier and co-writer Niels Worzll showed interest in World War II. It shows. It was filled with very beautiful shots to capture the time-lapse spot's atmosphere. The old Polish church (EUROPA is mainly portrayed in Poland for economic reasons) is a great example of the last action of the EUROPA. As of 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY I think the EUROPA will receive a correctly qualified place in the film-history of it. The old method-noir love-dealing clichés and visual techniques have been lost, something that you can see from Hollywood today, weird and completely different, or any other dream-factory for it. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is an important film on the Lars van trailer list. Some people write it as pure commercial speculation, but it becomes a disaster. It is correct from the FORBRYDELSENS Element since 1984, the other Trier Classics and semi-classics from 1993 from DIGVILLE and DOGVILLE to the FORBRYDELSENS element. It is the only experience Terry has taken care of his actors and Dogme95 manifesto. Look! "Ten Thousands of ..." 9/10
