I rarely understood this time in the 1971 Brazilian black comedy film, although it is not very important for me because it's not very important to me. It was set in Brazil in the 16th century, and the rival French and Portuguese settlers occupy Muslims in their struggle for dominance. The film is particularly interesting about this, the Portuguese are made from the French perspective. The hero is a preferred French, Portuguese barbarians, and the rest are French oppression and greedy. All the Portuguese manufacturers of the film are targets because when everything is said and done, there is no difference. It has the power of the environment at the time defined in the tribes. <br /> <br /> The Tupinambos, an indigenous tribe captured by the Portuguese who were captured by the Portuguese, captured them. The shaman of the tribe imagined that they would find a strong Portuguese person in retaliation for the brother's brother who killed a Portuguese masket ball. Thinking that the French were Portuguese, they now believe in the same. Nonetheless, the unrestrained course in the village was given to the French, sooner or later, giving the wife, and receiving his Western dress, or any of their outfits, rather than any outfit. Another French village tells the Portuguese that their prisoner is a tribe, then the French tells them the truth when he finds a hidden treasure gun hidden near a hidden treasure. <br /> <br /> I found the opening scene funny, because the movie does not seem to want to handle that tone too often because it does serve greatly with its contradictions, because it serves great satire. This is not actually a horrific movie. Majestic, vital locale, radical way of life and ripe local women make French not only, but for us, too, forget any threat, and we have a free man concept of him. This should not be terribly difficult to escape. This cannibalism is not a full-frontal nudge of actors, referring to the pale political cartoon of the new world mythology and the representation center of the underdeveloped social cohesion. However, the social commentary of the 1500s, filled with the 365 islands, was written in a totally nude and thoroughly written tupi, promoting effective breakdown of timely effective mechanisms, as they have repeated themselves over the centuries.
