CCCC was the first ever Bollywood film of 2001. I first saw the trailer of the trailer. This is a good family image. I'm right. Salman Khan has done so strongly. My family was not very interested in him but after watching the film my family was very impressed with him. The Queen and Preity are excellent. The film is going to be a huge hit due to three major stars. <br /> <br /> This is Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya are meeting and falling in love. They marry and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon. When they come back, Priya learns that Priya is pregnant. Raj's family are especially happy when they see Raj's Dada (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family play cricket one day, it is an accident because Priya has an abortion. Raj is a very close family friend, Dr. Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raj and Priya that she is no longer children. Retaining this silence from the Raj and Priya family. Raj and Priya decide to go for surrogacy. They will find a girl and a rajarage and the girl will have a baby together and then hand the baby to Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. Her name is Madhubala (Preeti Jinta). She is a dancer and prostitute. Raj tells her the situation and bribes her with money and accepts her. Raj Madhubala changes cutley. Raj says Priya has found a girl. Madhubala and Priya are meetings and friends. They will go to Switzerland to do this, so no one can find. Priya spends the night in a church and Raj and Madhubala alone are alone and spend the night together. The doctor confirmed that Madhubala is pregnant and they are all happy. Raj tells his family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala loves Raj and she needs him. What will happen next? See CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> One thing that I do not like about this film is the idea of ​​their surrogacy. They should make the right path in the film but it does not destroy the movie. It's still amazing. <br /> <br /> The songs in this movie are great. My favorite are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", Dekhne Wahn Ne "," Deewana Hai Yan Man "and" Mehndi "song" Mehndi "is very beautiful, which displays Ghod Bari and it deserves a very colorful film 10/10!
