The most prominent and most influential filmmaker, Martin Scorsese, examines the selection of his favorite American films according to three different directors: the director is a magician: D.W. Griffith or F. W. Murti created new editing techniques with other changes that followed the form of sound and color; Directed by director Douglas Cirk, Samuel Fuller and their directors include directors like Vincent Minnelly, who hide the messages of rebellious messages; Social observations and social abuse, such as director and director Orson Welles, Eric van Stroehm, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick, and Arthur Penn. The old studio system in Hollywood, despite being oppressive, was diagnosed with political and economic restraint, and film directors have found themselves developing media. When he shows us in his clips from the movies, we do not find images that we have ever seen before, but we also make it to see what he sees. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a movie Cannon is known as a snobby, which is why some film fans and critics favor to make "lists". However, Cannon argues that supporters of "best" and "canon" are a valuable job to identify and experience a selection of "good" movies, which is a great hit tape, film students. One has shown that everyone's experience, writing about the pictures, including reviews, works to produce the film canon. Some movies may be a top post, but others are "democrat." For example, the Internet Movie Database's top 250 movie list contains many images included in many "high" movie canons, but many recent films in the recent Hollywood blockbusters are mocking "The Elitists", The Dark Knight, which is now the first in the series' Schindler's List and One Flew Over Cookies Nest and Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard, The Terminator And Kill Bill: Volume, such as fluctuation of similar productions. Author Scorsese's taxi driver Paul Schröder referred to his cannon as "the perfect guy" and argued it was positive. <br /> <br /> Scorsese has never been particularly vocal about his social and political theories, see this serious and acceptable obsessive history lesson and growing in both American theoretical, and we see that there is no particular religion in elitism or populism. Elitism attracts everyone's attention, recognizable and so is the power over the best. The discrimination is frustrating by Jean-Luc Godard or leads self-pleasing to the vein of a violation of the filmmaker's production processes such as Michael Hencke. Furthermore, Democracy takes on the belief of freedom as representative of the will of the people. As all people are strongly emphasized about the film, popularity is the power of power and the end of impact. One important social and metaphysical practice is that it can only continue to look at the images. And Martin Scorsese spent nearly four hours trying to tell here, which can not be seen without the first hand.
