When British Film Institute asked Martin Scorsese to create an American piece in his century of the series series, he took the opportunity with both hands. With a personal personal appearance in Hollywood film, a personal journey through American films is attractive and wide. <br /> <br /> Scorsese story is mainly about Hollywood directors? Actors, producers, screen writers and other collaborators can not get a mention. He says since the opening of the film's primary controversy in the film industry between the director's vision and the sponsor's profit motivation, beginning with the art and business viability. He also opens Vincent Minnelly's The Bad and the Beautiful openly with a clip in the early films to explore this contradiction. It directs the documentary structure. How illusions are in the dark and how the clichés were challenged, how the Mavericks challenged the production code, and how some of the filmmakers looked disturbed by being different. Nevertheless, Scorsese dismissed the directors of the studio's booths (he praised praise at Cecil B. D'millele) or had a lesser-recognition style, but the artists of the film were skillful. /> <br /> Scorsese does not necessarily focus on his full-fledged directors (Scorsese's biggest influences include Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, only to pass on). Instead, he sees people and figures working to tell his story. For example, the legend of John Ford's films shows us how to show him as a Western evolution. He works to show how a fine genre of music, such as Vincent Minnie (perhaps the most frequently referred documentary director), has musical performance. I can imagine that this practice was not restricted to the United States, and Scorsese also liked to speak Italian influence or his British hero Michael Powell. Meanwhile, he expanded American definitions of American filmmakers that were produced in both Immigrant Directors and Hollywood films such as FW Morne, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk. <br /> <br /> Scorsese can be compared to the Hollywood chronologically rather than the narrative of a variety of subjects. In his department of cinema and tools, he begins with DW Griffith, watching the sound of the sound, color and wide screen and ending with the effects on the computer, although Scorsese is not interested in them, and the clips of George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola are adequately handled. However, this ultimate thing is that he does not just finish the chapter here. <br /> <br /> Instead, he rewinds back in the 1940s to show that the low budget horror, like the Kat People, can produce effective results from the simplest and the cheapest. <br /> <br /> A personal journey through American Movies is one of the best movie documentaries. I have a number of outstanding directors and films that I have never been, and have become very popular with film fans, with the possibility of finding something new in its wide range. Scorsese has restored the balance of images forgotten or less. When I talked about Kubrick in his "Iconoclasts" chapter, I saw him in Lolita and Barry Lyndon, and I saw two of his most inferior films. Scorsese's respect for the medium allows us to play clips completely instead of giving us small bits, and heads can only interrupt them (with the combination of archive and new interviews) as they only speak when needed. Between the 40s and 50s there was a bit of bias, but it was not surprising since Scorsese discovered the era of film and the film. <br /> <br /> However, I do not think this documentary has achieved if it is not a personal journey. Some spoilers are affordable.
