The older adolescent siblings living together at the Farm Gables, Annieville, Prince Edward Island, Anne of Green Gables (1934), María Cuthbert (Helen Wesley) and Matthew Cuthbert (OP Hegzie) help their farm from faraway orphanage. But Anne Shirley (Don Evelyn Paris - Disney's "Alice" storyteller, who later adopted her role as an orphan) <br /> <br /> Anne Lucy is the only 11th in the original novel of The Mode Montgomery. However, the same actress did not believe in the heroine from 11 to college age. Anne's reactions and much of what she says is that the film suffered somewhat from the adolescence of an eleven year old. Like the book, Anne is bright and quick, happy, but she is dissatisfied with her name, building her, her young children and her long red hair. Nevertheless, Anne, who is an imagined child, is very happy in life and applies quickly to his new family and Prince Edward Island's climate. Originally Anne was originally "Teenage Drama Queen" and the hero of the film was focused on this topic of her character. It changed the primary style of comedy from a slightly amusing family drama. Change of the audience's happiness and reader purists will continue to be disappointed. <br /> <br /> The Montgomery story has a lot of humor, but there is no reason for me to face the problem with the changes, but give it a fair warning for anyone who is fully reliant on the advancement. One of the self-reflective parodies of Hollywood traditions is the strength of the comedy element. Actress Anne Shirley has all-time beauties of Hollywood and the film is black and white. Contrary to what appears on the screen, it's great fun to see endless layers of title character about her character and hair color. Anne often has dramatic lines of his Nonsense rural companions: "If you refuse, it will last for me". Perhaps the funniest moment when correcting the spelling of her name on the blackboard in the classroom. <br /> <br /> Anne's love interest The daughters like Gilbert Blight and Sarah Hadden steal all the scenes that she finds as Cuthbert's gentle neighbor. <br /> Again, what do I know? I am only a child.
