The interesting aspect of "The Apprentice" is that the traditional job interview and resume team should not necessarily evaluate performance, work commitment and job performance. And they do not necessarily reveal the hidden agendas. In other words, the point of "The Apprentice" is a potential good indicator to see a job candidate at work. People who are competing for corporate status can give up on a sugary resume and put their best personality robe for the interview, but these are not the best indicators of strengths, weaknesses and performance. <br /> <br /> In short, "Apprentice" has 16 job candidates competing for the ultimate career opportunity: Real Estate Magnet is a position in the Donald Trump investment firm. "The Apprentice" refers to the winner, who earn the wages, learn the art of higher transactions from the employer, and possibly get major corporate connections. This position is for those who want to get more money than some foreign countries GNP. To trigger candidates, Trump displays his personal jet, his personal luxury apartments filled with statues and artworks, his limos, celebrities, and other items in a billionaire Magnet's life. <br /> <br /> The road to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams competing against each other. Each of them has the name of corporate sounds, such as the Vercars and Protegy Corporation. Businesses, sales, sales, or negotiations deal with a business worker. Choose a Project Manager teams that provide leadership and company skills to complete the work. If they win, the manager specially gets a lot of credit in the final orbiter view. If they lose, the manager may also be a landscape mate. Some of the tasks are completed, memorable to complete one day or two. Programs may have works to create a TV commercial or print advertisement. Others have to sell on the retail outlet or street. <br /> These tasks are the best of the participants and the worst. They often show a very loyal person, who are highly trusted, and who are working. And the tasks are also not a good team player who is ineffective, and who will be exposed only to who they are outside. These tasks are clearly expressed in the strengths and weaknesses of the participants, and in unexpected ways in the project manager. <br /> <br /> The manager, working with the delegates, organizes the time and directs the specific goals, resulting in the result determines, but it will not necessarily mean the winner. <br /> <br /> The potential of others when he or she is assigned a project manager. Their real abilities against their self-promoting abilities can immediately show through a veneer that can not be hidden by a $ 100 grip tie or a beautiful makeover. Leadership traits and / or weaknesses often become frightening after a few minutes. When real-life leadership is introduced, they are not always strong enough to encourage maximum leaders. It is always easier to "make your own horn" than actually take part in leadership. Project managers, even in winning teams, often do not create a cohesive strategy. Instead of taking some time to work and to work more effectively, they often believe by diving from deep end to finish the work on the first minute. Not too often, members of the sick group are running around like head chasing chickens, and in the long run they end up wasting time. <br /> <br /> The winning team will enjoy the dinner at a typical restaurant, flying in a private jet, and / or the flavor of high life, such as a popular meeting. The losing team is now in the infamous "You Without You" listening to the excitement of trump members and knocking off one or more of the competitors such as a chess board off. Often, the Project Manager team is partially responsible for loss and will target Trump's offender's rhetoric. Every week, at least one person becomes a hazard from the losing team. <br /> <br /> <br /> My favorite aspect of "Apprentice" is the item board room. When tasks bring out strengths and weaknesses, the boardroom often brings the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game are a winning team, although the winner is a winning team and a losing team. Some losing team members are accusing, often ruthless, who are in error. And sometimes more than one person has been dismissed. I rarely see a candidate who is responsible for their actions in the boardroom. Kirsty Frank and Kwame Jackson are the only candidates who are fully responsible for his team's losses and are not recognized for this selfless action. To me, Kristi Frank and Quam Jackson are the most integral of all candidates. However, Trump Christie feels weak, saying she has not retained herself, claiming she does not stand by herself, which means she gives more values ​​than arrogance. No one should sacrifice this their integrity. Although Kristi Frank was not an apprentice, she was not unfairly accused of others. <br /> <br /> The strength of "Apprentice" is also its weakness. As team performance is accurately evaluated by winners and losers, other scoring opportunities do not mind. Without large gaps between winning and losing teams, sometimes the losing team represents a high level teamwork and strength. I have seen better organized teams appear than the winning team. We often frequently engaged in the success and defeat of the Americans.
