In this swimming pool, the pond contains water ointments and frogs. Frogs sit in lilies of water. The frog and water lily have a parasitic relationship. Mary (Pauline Aquakart) is a water lily, Florence (Adele Henal), a frog, a group of swim groups that are synchronized with a crush on her team captain. Fluorine teammates distort their leader because the alternately curved and well-laden blonde, a loose person who deceives the syncrrhronized swimmer's view of contemporary and discipline. But Florence is a mystery; <br /> <br /> In a party, bathroom mirror We see a double-image of the sex bomb prepared by her. "Lolita" is a pharma morgan when she learns about the florin's double when she breaks the heart of the simulated water lamp. The movements of the flying frogs move in the motion while no one can see, Picture y In the most scary scene, the water lily agrees to hand the frog, which loses her virginity by mechanical action of oral stimulation, but Florenine wants the boys to be her favorite, but she does not like the boys, but is more important to her most popular frog.When the water lily finally kills the frog, Water lake frog ya After the opening of their lips, the Florian Marie says, "Look, this is easy", which is a kappa way to keep their friend in the same way with her kissing, and her girlfriend does not have any ritual attachment to her. The beauty of fluorine is a burden. She has the weight of the meeting of the boy's expectations. <br /> <br /> The other lily of the river, the other frog, Mary's best friend Anne (Louise Blackcare) and the boy-boy Francois (Warren Jacobs), Florentine's disappointment, are also parasitic relationships for any water lily and frog. Although Florence used Mary to love, François uses Anne for sex. But it's life; The betrayal of that growing, in which it becomes a good friend of a friend, displays the opportunity to move the food chain itself. At a McDonald's, the water lily punches the other water lamp after a bath in the back of the frog. Physical beauty currency. Mary Anne is known as shots because Anne is very rare, there is a lot of weight and a faultless hairdo. Anne attempts to fight off her chest using a lot of retaliation (she's accidentally commented on Mary's flat chest from Mary's Happy Meal), but the tappole (Mary thinks better than Anne better than a water lily) is a sub-product of fat. <br /> <br /> "Lilies have the ability to change parasites in the near future, it already has Teenage Girls can be ruthless to each other in the way nobody could match the boy.
