Water Lilies is the first well-made film from France about sexuality and friendship of young women. In the case of remarkable, low-quality substances, Slemami works, which is attractive to others. The film puts three middle-class youths in the new Paris suburb. Their lives revolve around a large indoor swimming pool, which is part of one of the three synchronized water ballot squads. <br /> <br /> Problems such as parents, siblings, work, and school are well-received from the equation. The Central Sensitivity group is notable for the notable but thin Marie (Pauline Akquard), but she thinks she likes it. Mary worships Florin (Adele Hennel), the boys are the most impressive blonde and the band. It carries Mary from her former best friend, a water ballet team member, a little plump from Anne (Louis Blachier). The more specially available for Anne Birds. Florian, like this film, guarantees a bit more then she really offers. Marie is a very important character for the young man: she suffers from inside. <br /> <br /> Marie is also glamorous with Florinine along with a glamor of water ballot. Florian took this advantage to make her cover of her first and as a cover for her assignments, then lost any other friends, her close friend. All other girls think of an illusion that Florin is a slut, she promotes teases men and boys because she can lead them. She is not a guy but suffers the pretty girl's destiny that is not an object, and her boys can not resist the certification to give her by wanting to kiss her and wanting her to bed, but she really care about what they are and she knows that combinations with them are a trap. Mary played her role as a friend, so she does not know that she (the unappealing) mother goes to meet her boyfriends, and she also gets Mary to save her from the boy. It first looks opposite, but Mary needs Mary, and Marie feels she needs her. <br /> <br /> Anne is left with a desire to keep her body uncomfortable and more different than other girls and more realistic. <br /> <br /> Keeping all the external scenes at bay, Sunnima goals and interactions with three girls in sensitive equation. On the other side of the water are water insane, showering and spitting and underwater swimming shots, which are at times alert and may not come quickly in 95 minutes. Fortunately, the film has a sense of humor and the trilogy sometimes forgets their continuous goals and defaults and forgets just crazy, nonsense things. It's offbeat moments of film life; Very bad because they are not there yet. But the tragic is what she has the courage to reproach and the people like the walk from the theater and their dynamics. Of course the gloves at the girls, who love to watch the swim along and to gaze themselves pleasant will be pleasant. <br /> There is no great revelation or play on the way, but Mary just admires but really feels Florian and looks jealous of her lovers, stops before they all go the way. In a typical satire, Florian actually decides that she wants her first real sex with Mary - although she learns that Flori is important, Mary gets off. When this happens, it's a turbulent, mechanical affair. Meanwhile Anne is a male swimmer, having a huge love for François (Warren Jackwin), but in reality he was after Florian. Boys are not an element to be removed and always seem to be several dozens of poolside or ready at the dance floor, but they are just institutions and faces, available studs.
