The significance of the French title is "La Naissance des Pieuvres" literally meaning "octopuses birth", so it's probably not surprising that it has been promoted in "English-speaking countries such as Water Lilies". The English title "Lilies" is the first sexual feelings of a "coming era" drama about three young girls, Mary, Anne and Floriane, and filmmaking, centered on the Parisian suburbs. <br /> <br /> One feature of the film, perhaps this type is unusual for an image, it is that young people focus specifically on the relationships between themselves. We do not see their parents or their teachers, and very little in the adult world. Three girls are different, and are portrayed as different in character. Siri, a retired Mary Slim and a petite and three youngsters. Anne is a plain jane, Florian an attractive blonde, which is very popular with boys. Three, a beautiful male swammer named François, participates in what is described as love-quadrilateral. <br /> <br /> Anne had fallen in love with Francois, but he met with Florian not to re-afford his love, not to worship him alone. In fact, Florian's admirers are not all men, because Mary will crush her attractive friend. The film is intriguing for their friendship; For the first time, Fluorine seems to use Mary as a convenient pretext when she goes to meet a boy; Her parents objected to her boyfriend boyfriend, but she had no objection to go out with her girlfriends. But after that, we always realize that despite the image of Floriane as sexy, veteran girl who is male center, she actually reciprocates Mary's feelings. The film opposes some traditional stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, her short hair and instead of chunky person, usually looks like "butch", although she is one of only three distinct roles, though it is heterosexual, more traditionally feminine Mary and glamorous Florian lesbian, or at least bisexual. <br /> <br /> Coming-motion pictures are normal enough, though most young women in them are avoiding controversy. "Water Lilies", however, deals with three very good performances from its three famous actresses, Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere in a gentle way of its work. Relationships between characters, especially between Mary and Florian, are complicated and have multiple interpretations. (For instance Florian, Mary's use of sex or she really has romantic feelings? Is Florian's unfortunate behavior with François and other boys able to hide her wife's feelings from outside the world or hide her?) This is true director Céline Simmama 27) first film; On this basis, she should be considered very promising newcomers. 7/10
