This is a romp; Many trek fans can not rate this rate as well as popular all-time classic episodes because it does not really have the deep meaning of the great, but it's very well made, it's very successful and fun, it's always going to make my personal list of half a dozen sections Despite the mood, many popular future films ("West Long ") and TV shows (the more softer" fantasy island ") from the episode of this episode (later renewed this concept with the TL performance Holodek technique). Beautifully filmed (specifically renewed version and apparently on DVD) and directed, it's just like the nice park of a planet which has just arrived in the enterprise. No animal life and insects are found here (for instance flowers are pollinated), but when landing party members start looking at people from their past, things get really faint (the change between Kirk people, which changes), as well as numbers from other famous fantasy stories. <br /> <br /> During this time in the Trunk series (in the first season of the first season), the main characters have strengthened our old friends very much, and we wanted to know for many years. Here, we can see them relax, discuss and work together to identify the puzzle of this episode: Strong narrative is again a mystery, Kirk & Friends is a series of events that have decisive entertainment taste for those who are trying to unravel. It was almost whimsical, after the neglected style established in the starboard after Kirk finally showed the exact signs of stress and fatigue (the company, suggested, just completed a torture mission). Dr. McCoy is killed by a horse on horseback; Yes, this is the last episode of Dr. McCoy ... just funny. But this is not a joke for the landing party at this time in the story. McCoy really died for all targets and purposes, and as the best trek episodes, the 2nd half more of this adventure is more insane, more intense action and suspense calmness. <br /> <br /> This is not to be easier for Kirk: Kirk tussles his half-year from his academy days, On the planet seems to happen on the long-awaited mano-a-man fight for the series with the fight. Nevertheless, Kirk's past acquaintances, which encounters exceptional sensitive scenes. This episode performs the gamut of all human experience that we all fit to learn about the original purpose of this unusual planet. Against some of the other involuntary fantasy and sci-fi sequences, the script really exclaims about what happened. Such a plot (perhaps not demonstrations by people who do not exist). And actually there is a subtext for the story - we need to work our tensions and fatigue in a unique way, or we can not work in 'normal' natural way. Also, note the look of the most beautiful Yeoman Barros and the sudden absence of the Yumen Rand that did not return to the first trek image in '79. I believe that after this episode, more and more trek fans will not wait for the next show of their favorite characters. But I gave up this episode with the last, possibly intriguing idea: McCoy was killed (confirmed by Spock), how do we know it is our true McCoy to come back to the ship? This explains why McCoy is still observing Starships after a century and is well with data.
