IMDB comments on the film appear to be very biased, and they thought they would try to compare an older version. True, "Holy Man" is a remake of the "innocent human" type, but the similarities end here. "Holno Man" is an entertaining film, a long time. If you look at a movie with the intention of finding as many bugs as possible, you should not watch movies in the first place. True, some films are plain horrifying and unbearable, but "Holm Man" is what you do if you're entertaining and you disappear, and if you put one of your friends together, think about what you do. Kevin Bacon has appeared as an outstanding scientist, along with a team of collaborators, to find the way to find animals missing. Now his mission is to look them again. Kevin Bacon volunteers are the first to test new experimental drugs, when this group of young scientists (as you might expect, working for the Pentagon), feels they have the formula to make the animals look their best. After that, in fact, because Kevin Bacon was not seen in the rest of the film and was responsible for wearing a rubber mask, his collaborators knew where he was. Psychodynamic and desperate feelings begin to take on the role of Kevin, and he finally snaps when he realizes that he is having a damaged affair with his former girlfriend and collaborator (Elisabeth Shoe). The film then becomes "ALIEN" and the hybrid of a slasher movie, but it does not say it's a bad turn. There are scares and chills and the movie moves at a nice speed. Special effects are top-notch (which is always prevalent in Paul Verhoeven movies), and some of the "Body Reconstruction" scenes we have not seen before in the movie. If there is anything to complain about, perhaps, the situation here is predictable; In the first hour of the film, Kevin Bacon will jump from being odd and bizarre to being a harmful lunatic at the end. And the end is a bit abrupt, but in spite of this, the man in the hole is still worth watching. If you really want to know what a bad movie is, you can say that your money is worse than "Fear Dot Com" (with Stephen Darf) or worse UNTOLD (or "Saskwatch" with Land Henricssen). Now it's "hollow"! In 8 * 10 *!
