This film is a classic theme. In fact it was the theme used by Batman from the beginning to the end, but the real data and details. The New York Mayor, acknowledged and judged by the judge to examine him, despite a negative observation report from prisoners who have been placed in a jail and kept in jail, have been subjected to some pressure from some of the most acclaimed and dynamic, It is the political value that it represents. And what happened and a few people including a black school was killed in a shoot between a police detective and that crime. Because of this the city may explode: ethnic tension because of the black boy and social tension that such criminals revolve around such criminals and refer people to their criminal activities. Unfortunately the film does not show much tension and follows the first deputy mayor's inquiry and finds out the truth and finds it. But some witnesses have been killed and some of the participants in the entire business are ready to deliver their professionalism and career (the contractor or contractor), retirement (judge), an employee, to find an abortive report that he has disappeared, and after some key information he created some shadow character. Mayer retires and takes a long holidays; But the main interest of the film is that Meyer is searching for the pastor and the pastor to cover up the past and the problems that led to the scandal. Political philosophy and everything that is pure white or pure black is not convenient for deciding manufacturers, but there is no need for wrong but profitable decisions. Some of the dominant domains of public interest are not talking about contracts that require some consensus. We feel that we need less importance to make a bad decision about some small child or child offense than some infrastructure or financial planning in the city. This is not typical of New York. This is true in the Mayor's office. This is more important in size and quality in larger metropolitan areas such as New York, New York, and police departments in the city or country control municipal and political necessities. The younger mayor of the Mayor put the old Meyer out of the way, and overcame his ambition as New York governor to become president of the United States. The mayor is perfect because Al Pacino has given us the shape, because in ten minutes of the conversation he can speak with a facial expression that makes use of the conversation. I find a little fluffy with the former deputy mayor campaign in his own name. He understands that he has been attached to justice because he sees his opportunity to remove the mayor in his own way. <br /> <br /> Doctor Jacques Coullow, University Paris Duufine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Soroben & University Versailles St Quentin Ann Evelynes
