Wow ... 5 more hours to react. Lars continues to be the greatest combination of the occult, dark horror and soap opera drama. This installment is fast bending right into the franchise, exactly where exactly the last episode of the last series (which is perfectly done with superior and suspense) is nowhere to be broken ... In the last episode, every episode appeared to be a day or a week, But in this, it is clearly a length ... an episode ends, tadpara It begins. Many are about Lars von Trier ... but he is very different and pretty extraordinary. Both of these are showing these features. The plot continues its excellence, and now the small players have given some general roles in the last four episodes. Virtually every character from the first characters, at least until the main characters get lost. Pacing is not sharper in the first part, and I have not been able to do it less because of this. There is no way to say that it is not related to me ... I still found myself looking at it constantly, and strongly respond at several points, often loud, what's going on (very unusual behavior for me, I'm a very silent figure), I was also in the first place. First, it also brings some loaded ethical questions. Building on the foundation from scratch, this brings more story ... and a sequel, the scope is even bigger. Exposition. More souls, more extreme events, more sublevels. The strong graphic material of the first one will also come back, and it kicked a line. The characters are further developed. Acting is amazing, the first one. Udo Kier is credited with his immense talent and honoring anyone who doubts it. Very difficult role (anyone who first saw the series can probably understand what I mean) * and * he did not speak (he later dubbed) acting in a language ... and still such a strong performance. Cinematography is great, yet very fast, faster zooms and occasionally takes up. This edition is sharp, some of the live cuts in the sound (the first of them are important). Now, with all that said, I want to rate this perfect 10 or less at the same rate as the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching, and I did not regret it at least. But it has shortcomings ... the first part of them is still high. First, humor just takes up a lot of space ... and this time, it's even worse. There are many new general roles for any other reasons than to provide comic relief ... Three of them, less. The scenes are set for reasons other than audience laugh. Fine for comedy, but what's the dark and unpleasant, yes, little bit of cruelty, what's in the horror piece? Helmer's single secret hideout was changed from the roof of the hospital ... he could see his beloved Swede ... for a bathroom. With an angle from inside the bowl. No, you read that. In general, humor looks less-frowned ... more sexy and physically jokes work, which is again "why?" The question is. Most of the work is amazing, but some of them are apparently terrible. Several scenes were initially copied from the first short-range (due to their popularity when it was broadcast). Sometimes, the drama is slightly more sophisticated than the first, sometimes it will jump at times. Fortunately rarely, but still noticeable, the plot points and the elements are very easily explained away (a certain character living in Denmark for obvious reason, for example ... anyone who knows who I'm looking for). Two dishwashers, still mysterious and clever, have become a gimmick too ... in the end, I guess. Many scenes with them are still enjoyable. In addition, I would like to congratulate this reader anymore, I wrote that this is good with all the negative aspects ... perfectly enjoyable, compelling, powerful ... and anyone with the humble opinion of the first one who is the first to watch (if the group is in the group that first saw you Then the story is expected to be completed). I would recommend Lars von Trier's fan and anyone who enjoyed the first Rigot, and I want to know where it came from. I asked someone who was considering looking at this to make sure you've seen it all before the first ... I purchased this before I bought the first, but I saw on the first purchase and saw that, and I can not tell you how glad I am. Although it's a brief summary of the first events, if you do not see it before you see it, there are lots of details and enormous detail. Slightly less sequel, but definitely first see if you liked it. 8/10
