He combined with Sophie Fennes, who co-starred with critic / philosopher Slavoj Jaisk, combined with a combination of silent, horror, sci-fi, surreal and other contemporary thrillers, to make his point for Freudian comparisons. But in the pervert guide to the film he also removes distance points from other analyzes I've seen in the collections of films. Although extensive terrain does not cover documentary covers of Scorsese, there are the same attachments and Zizek has the perfect love for these "reasonable" examples and movies, notably Hitchcock, Linch, Chaplin and Tarkovsky. And if you can find it, I'll look almost lucky - Zizek thinks that all of the mental-sexual parts or parts are separated, with a sensitivity and manner. He opens up to points that no one else is considered to be - both considered one of the Marx Brothers as representations of both Id, Super-Ego and Ego (the example of Harpo's death). He also considered food for thought in the Matrix and Fight Club - the former matrix for energy in the representation of the cleavage between the fantasy and reality and the power of the matrix, if necessary, and a own self-dealing torture attachment Also the second one needs double. When he becomes Anakin Darth Vader, he is also a piece of the moment from the crucial moment in Revenge of the Sith, and his father's births are still in the forefront of the mystery. In fact, the father who turns the fantasy, the ideals of masculinity and masculinity (Zizek indicates at the moment of exactly a nightmare creation), and women's subjectivity, perhaps exploited by Vertigo. It also goes to a scene called Zizek Distrostrots, in which he eliminates three collision points of mental-sexual orientation in 'Neal You Can not See' in Neal Velvet. This is one thing now when Zizek himself is enthusiastic, enthusiastic, and somewhat more convincing points just to get on the camera or go on to voice-over as much as Scorsese. But he takes a step forward to how to extend more and more into some netherworld or primitive sense for the fantasy and reality points, and how they overlap, over and over, or the same, or some characters (ie last highway) Haydren's head on the side of the head was seen in the "headline" of the boat ; He is equally funny as the Blue Blue Velvet Lawn goes to describe the versatile points of Frank Booth; Only one, when he is in the territory like Solaris, it does not look a little cheesy. But Zizek seems to have been very fun with this set-up, and after a while these Gimmick and Zizek's words climb the potential cracks. <br /> <br /> Some of the films I had originally expected from Hitchcock and Lynch, but did not see two treatments for film fans - films that I never wanted to see in a movie titled Farhat's Guide of Cinema on Disney Pictures and Chaplin's films The explanation, however, is about the power and difference of 'voice' With a note), and more and more of them are not visible (such as Doctor mabus vririlokvist horror film, Stalker, a few others), 'Wow evocative of the senses, is that I need to look away, no questions asked. " Zizek is a powerful writer in his work, and he keeps it forward with a clarity that reminds us why we look at the movies in the first place, entertaining, sure, but sitting and having a real experience to have something there, he put it on, looking into a toilet. It's one of the great films about the film, and you can never see such a brilliant narrative analysis of how Freud's desire, Id / Super-Ego / Ego, and Fantasy works in movies about fantasies. .. otherwise the distribution kicks if only at the smallest level.
