He has a strong, sweaty, slightly sharp eyes and a break. He stands in front of us and calls himself wrong. Do we mention him Movie audience ?? The screen is perceived as a toilet bowl, and all secretly seeks all secretly from the inside to the explosion. He is unpredictable and scary. Well ??? <br /> Slavs ?? E? AK A writer and Sophie Finlay is the subject of an extraordinary new film, A Perretts Guide to the Movie. Fyannes is a long talk and I do both in two ways: in an example to provide high-quality film clips from real movies (or recreated) from movies and play. It's always nice to see neat subtitle scenes from great movies (Sith's Revenge came here as well), but is the main attraction of a Pervert's guide ?? Now? Whether watching the movie is fun is a question that can not be answered, but can not help again: what's more worse, what's the opinions of AK? At the documentary by Astra Taylor ("e ?? ek !, 05), the Slovenian philosopher admitted his fear that at some point there was silence. As he says, he feels he is not in the first place, the only way he believes he is undoubtedly talking to others. And he talked, and how. An alumni guide too ?? Has his voice dominated? For example, Chaplin's objection to the film is a symbol of a universal threat to the spoken film (which reveals that the historical posture is as a human being? The ventriloquist section of the Dead of Night [45] ). He's the immense nature of the movies asking us some things and we do not have to give them up. He finds Grouchho Marx superhuman, like Chico eh and Harpo. He said one million other interesting things, and all the time we can not take our eyes off him, so convincing (and attractive) his form. At some point I could not help but wonder if it stays at his thick, scruffy hair and kept under any kind of a brain. <br /> <br /> Lynch and Hitchcock's readings are very important (not surprising since both of them are written). Many brilliantly edited clips from their work have a cumulative effect and I made those episodes of ek's lecture? Unlike others? Difficult to argue with, since he really seems to have earned the right things for both these directors. It does not go for his reading of Tarkovsky, which imposes his own purely materialistic view of reality, refusing exactly what is so great in all Tarkovsky (they are strong religious intuitions and imagery). <br /> <br /> The question is not because of whether he is inspiring and wise; Or is it not worth watching the Fennes film? Unlike the real question: am I? Ek Opinions reasonable? Another intelligent observation will make for a more intellectual ride, but after the whole thing, there are some doubts. For example: What's hidden behind the human face is that the vertigo (58) takes into account only one facial facial expression in its own form. However, when we hear about City Lights (31) in the Final Sequence, it is not difficult to ask, since one person is completely exposed to another: What is the whole facade-thing? ? Why should we grant Chaplin's face internal value of the real thing and forbid this same right Kim Novak in two brave strokes ??? Or maybe also read in the Lacon's terms? (The notion of the "unquestionable" French psychoanalyst is the concept of "Ica"). ఈ చిత్రం రెండున్నర గంటల ఉపన్యాసం యొక్క అద్భుతమైన అన్ని సద్గుణాలను కలిగి ఉంది: మైదానం చాలా ఉన్నాయి, అనేక దృక్కోణాలు ఉద్యోగం చేసాడు, కొన్ని మొదటి-రేటు జ్ఞానకార్యాకృతులు (ఎప్పుడు ?? ఎ.కె. ది మెలనీ డేనియల్స్ పడవలో ది బర్డ్స్ నుండి ప్రయాణిస్తుంది [63] మరియు ఆమె చేసినట్లుగా ఆలోచించాలని ప్రయత్నిస్తుంది : "I f ** k mitch!"). But it is also an error that is not inherent in two-and-a-half hours lecture: it is almost obsessively digressive. No other psychoanalytic is as good as yarn, but somewhere I'm about to clarify some 80 minutes later. , Changing things constantly. Overall the impact, a big, cool, fizzing wave collide away: you will be simultaneously surprised, refreshed, deadly danger and no end will be confused. When you're done watching, your head is unhappy with your own feelings and you're looking at some movies recreating? <br /> The ultimate question is: Is it? E? E? Have you lost a lot? Or did we come to the real thing? Once Cinephilia is imprisoned, we all meet in a bigger cell and finally talk to each other (do not have any movies around to turn our faces). I dare you all: Who? My guess is, once you see in the eyes of real life, you are believers.
