Holly Hamin, All Pots, Lisa Jane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Deol, Roma Mafia, Robert C. Wilfred Fitzgerald, Dale Frye, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Larry Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Summerlell, Trevor, Dell Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dullenbach, , Daria Sanford .... director James Hayman, screenplay dawn wing. /> The film was released in 1995 in the "Lifetime" type film directed by James Hayman, starring Harry Hamlin (LA La Famous, Clash of the Titans and other films). A film about sex addiction after he and his wife Lisa Rina. "Her Deadly Rival", at first glance, is the best Hollywood box-office to hit "Fatal Attraction". In "rival", the couple, Jim and Chris Lanford who are happily married, usually go to a new home in beautiful suburbs. They have a seemingly perfect marriage- they are deep in love, despite a simple lifestyle. But a secret admirer sets his eyes on Jim. Although Jim and the researchers attempted to find out who she was, her identity was never out. She often hurts the gym through phone calls and letters. His marriage is almost a bit too late when his wife begins to think that he is dealing with his wife and trying to cover it. Harry Hamlin, All Pots and the other cast - Lisa Jane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Deol, Roma Mafia, Robert C. Trevelier, D. L. Anderson, William Blair - Everyone looks directly from a soap opera. But this is a very suspenseful play and its good moments. At the end there is a twist. Spoiler warning. I say only "her deadly opponent". Based on a mysterious genuine case, Jim's wife Chris suffered multiple personality disorders and her marriage was ruined. Although the story is not terrible, acting is a step above soap opera acting, the film has its motions. Especially when Jim realized the scenes between moving Jim and his wife and the last scene, he could not believe just hearing. The film is probably a bit too long and boring in some episodes, but this is usually the type of TV movie that continues to produce films of "domestic thriller", or seduction stories in "Lifetime". Everyone but the trash has liked the trash.
