The film starts in a classroom, surprisingly, our main actress, orchecked Chinese language class. Later in the film, why was she asked about why she was sent to learning Mandarin (Muksin). Her answer is simple for a child; <br /> <br /> If you stop most readers without reading it, you will notice. Common aspects of Malaysia. The film primarily meets the 12-year-old Muksein in Orchard at age 10, many of which are considered a boy's play. Gone out of the players, muksin (new village), he was forced to allow arcidnu into the game, he was anxious to have her son. మీరు పాఠశాలలో చూసేటప్పుడు ఆమె మగ ప్రవర్తన గురించి ఎక్కువగా చిత్రీకరించడం, పాఠశాల బల్లలతో చాలా హింసాత్మక ఎన్కౌంటర్ నుండి ముస్కిన్ను రక్షించడం, పాఠశాల బస్ విండోలో నుండి రౌలింగ్ యొక్క సంచిలో ఒకదాన్ని విసిరేయడం, గుద్దులు విసిరి ముకుసీన్ సోదరుడిపై కిక్స్ చదివి, అక్కడ ముక్సైన్ మరియు ఇతరులతో ముదిరిన తరువాత. ఇద్దరూ సంభ్రమాన్నికలిగించే బడ్డీలు, మరియు దానికంటే దగ్గరగా ఉండే కర్ర, కానీ మాలో చాలామంది అందరూ అదే విధంగా స్పందిస్తారని కొందరు అపార్థంతో, మ్ఖిసిన్ పట్టణాన్ని వదిలి వెళ్ళిన రోజు వరకు వారిద్దరూ విడిపోయారు. <br /> Now the film portrays the first love between Orked and Maskin, who started as friends, but slowly approaches BGR and then into a more intimate relationship. As you go through love, you can notice the main actor and actress Yasmin changes in movies in each of the movies. A different role is portrayed with anxiety and light humor. The scenes are all random but you'd get stuck on the screen for a long time and it's very much shot reality. You would like to be home to local scenes because it's what it is, and it's a lot more meaningful. <br /> <br /> The love story surrounding the two birds of love, the mother who educated in England, speaks in a very good English language for Orchard parents, in which her husband and home guard try to repeat their own English language with a lot of effort, All the way. I have explained to you why humor is such a prominent thing. And the description or description you describe is given in a single word and it is randam. We do not learn to laugh too much, we do it with the cost of others while we do. జాక్ నియో చేత లా చట్టాన్ని చిత్రీకరించిన చిత్రం మాదిరిగానే ఉంది - మనం ఉన్నప్పుడు, మనం మనలో ఉన్న వ్యక్తిని చూడలేము, కానీ మనం మరొక వ్యక్తి శరీరంలో ఉన్నప్పుడే మాత్రమే మేము నిజంగా ఎవరు తెలుసుకోవడానికి తెలుసుకోండి. <br /> <br /> When we take on the distinctive facts of this model life, this picture is full. <br /> <br /> The other side of the film is the neighbor of Orchard, the husband is no longer a couple who does not love his wife, and wants to find another. Pak Koboi then looks polished on his motorbike like what he nicked and takes it for a ride with his newly found girlfriend. The producer did not show you that the husband wanted to recognize another wife. Interrupted the other people in the business, sending his own daughter to the sharpness of the words used by adults, it pilicinantaga Chinese, the wife of a real player or kepisi. After all, it goes around, it comes around, and probably is probably why bad things need her. Every time, if you are good for those around you, you have an ego to protect you from harming you, but again, how much is it worth? The film is centered around mukusin brother of Hussein, they have a falling late at night, smoking, drinking and 'girls', also appears to go to the town. He is the entire opposition of Muksein, but it is probably due to family problems. The two brothers are with their mother and the parents are away from them. I do not reveal much of the story, but the viewer is all that matters to all who want to send a message to viewers, all. She wanted us, we are not looking at life from our own perspective. In a way, movies bring us from our own body, keep us in the role of the character and use our empty minds to view its events. Depending on the type and style of the film, you mesmerize what kind of good image you have to show and how you can influence it.
