(SPOILERS INCLUDE) This film is definitely the best Amicom product I have ever seen (though I still have some inspection). The Blood Dripped House is a horror-omnibus, a compilation of four unusual stories rented out of the brutal, homicide home in the British rural areas. It wastes much energy in the reproductive story that combines specific stories. Peter Duffell's film does not intelligently show much attention. It's about a Scotland Yard Inspector who comes home to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant and finds out about the bizarre events that he had before. All the four stories in the film are of high quality and together, perfectly perfect. The highest estimates for this film have been released since Robert Bloch's complete writing! Yes, the clever horror milestone is the same bloc written by the novel 'Psycho'? We recognized Peter Duffell as the Director of the Great and Very Career. <br /> <br /> Four stories? If the chapters are you ?? Dripped blood things in the house have a good diversity, but they are (almost) equally cool and strange. The number one organizes the horror writer who came home with his wife, to inspire his new episode. It really starts well, but shortly after, he was chased by the villain of his chase and his own imagination. The idea in this story is not exactly original but it is very exciting and surprising rather than climax. Second Story Actors (Hammer) Horror-Legend Peter Cushing Retired Stock Broker. Yet the untold and long-lost love haunted by the film, he goes into a wax statue that looks exactly like her. Infusion is always a pleasure to observe and ?? But is not the topic of wax museums new? The whole story is fresh and new. This chapter also has some delightful shock-moments and has a stable era atmosphere. It is desirable for the best storyline: Number 3. Christopher Lee Another prominent actor in the film, giving a distorted portrait of a frightened father. He is seriously and harsh about his younger daughter and she keeps her alone on the outside world. Without reason, the little girl shows a bizarre fascination for witchcraft and voodoo. Lee's great acting and chawky francs are a wonderful gothic atmosphere of this story, rather than a marvelous performance! In this story, the devil, along with the creepy sound effects of thunder, must make this story a must for authentic horror fans. The story is also a little room for the story of Christopher Lee's role as co-star in the Vampire-Dracula series in which the fourth and last story, in which he is in vain and in the face of a frightening and illusion, The most memorable item of this last chapter is the existence of the beautiful Ingrid Pit! Cult-queen from 'Vampire Lovers' is definitely one of the many highlights of the film. <br /> What about this? The blood-broken house is highly appreciated by classic horror fans. I really believe that with a bit of mood-settling preparations, this may actually be one of the few movies you can frighten and leave a big impression. It should be as intelligent and compelling horror! Highly recommended. An extra short comment, though: This film is not confusing 'durm blood dripped' in no situations to repeat. This is a very irritating and lousy underground 80's slasher got nothing simple with this movie, except it stole the title.
