I was biased when I reviewed my introduction to this series. For the first time in the night of 2005 I saw this movie "Night Fear From" on AMC and pulls such obscure gems of cold storage for the new generation. I've made a point to see the AICAC Anthology Series here, before I review any of them, I have an angle. <br /> When looking back, I still rated my favorite blood dripping the house, with stories from the Crypt and the Asylum. <br /> <br /> I think all of the things that make this sequence astonishing --- '60s /' 70s style cinematography for vintage, crazy, distant stories and its full British background are perfectly suited for everything. <br /> <br /> The first story is a horror writer and his wife, who has gone to take a break from this retirement site. The city is so focused on his hobby. He creates a murdered character called Dominic, and will soon face great difficulty in fiction from reality. There is a micro physechelia here by his betrayal which I find imposing yet creepy. <br /> The second story moved the story of a single old man (Peter Cushing). He escaped with his loneliness to avoid his loneliness. He seems to have found the possible salvation in a local (very creepy) wax museum, but he is better off alone. <br /> In the third story Christopher Lee (my fav British horror actor) And completely creepy young daughter. She should not be careful to be careful - she is like witchcraft! She has a natural talent for good reason. Lee is as cool as the cold cold discipline, that is the true talent for playing characters that are totally in the warmth of the man !! But in spite of his best efforts, the little one is actually learning the forbidden knowledge and the bad things happen ... <br /> The last story is the story of the protagonist of the old protagonist who thinks young director. He does not deserve to capture the right Vampire image he's working on, the right down quality of clothing and most importantly his costume. So he goes to an old curiosity store in the middle of an icy night to get something more "authentic". He knows that he really grabbed over the real Vampire! It stays at midnight stroke and has noticeable effects. By the time I earned this fourth and final story, it can not be too awake after 3 hours and in the first attempt (not from boredom). But I have enjoyed hundreds of times, I have movies or music, I'm sleeping in, and the movie / music is part of my dream. Very happy !! This bizarre story is perfect for that and it seems to be very boring for the first time than it really is, because he wakes up on the right, he casts up dressing and does not perceive what's going on at first. Shortly afterward, a lovely Ingrid pit in the sets of her scenes came to visit and warned her not to wear the dress at midnight - but she did not bother because she had a real vampire. The jingle of the chinji keyboard is just stupid when she goes to him on the stairs! And again in my state asleep in the state, instead of seeming confusing! Side note: Make sure to capture Lee and Pitt along with the classic Amikus star Brit Eagland in the classic movie The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> Here is an interpretive interpretation between weaker linking stories, but based on stories, it's a classic! I mean, the third story is the best one, but I'll make a lot of laugh because I'm in the 4th place too. Most are recommended to fans of horror and if you're a British horror fan, it's mandatory! I will tell you that it is worth to view you in a sequence order periodically. The last film of the series, the Monster Club (1980), is definitely the weakest. I think the first 3-4 films are the best of all except the medieval tartar garden (1967), but at least one of them you should look at once. You'll probably get back to see your favorites.
