I've once found myself guessing how to mislead the image's meaningless title - I'm sure the choice of speculative director Peter Duffel - Death and Madden (which, incidentally, was a picture of Peter Cushing Episode A science by voice shubert Agam) - pretty much. Although the linking device is not as great, all of the components are equally compelling and enjoyable. Duffell has a very valuable product value for working on the budget. The film does not understand this style well and clearly affects both of these and, apparently, makes a sad sense of the fact that he wants to distance himself from a genre. <br /> <br /> "Murder for Medder": Not a real surprise in the opening segment, At this time it is quietly curious and well cumbersome (Tom Adams' fictional villain Old Dara From the house [1932] to Boris Karlofe's long-lost brother, it also concludes a satisfactory DIABOLIQUE-type twist, and has a very serious role for mainstream Denholm Elliot. <br /> <br /> "Waxworks": The second story has entered into an interesting romantic mood that is very interesting for this kind of film; Peter Cushing and Jaws Ackland Hookah lovers continue to worship them even after a long time as well as their roles in their roles, and its friendly rival is literally much worse than fate death that leads them blind and inexorable; Keeping in mind the limited resources of a ominous hallucination scenery with Peter Cushing, and reminiscent of Auckland's unsustainable inability - or reluctance - reminiscent of the house-trap lords of Bunal's The Exunciating Anzel (1962). Christopher Lee continues to show his diversity and he matches Narry Dan Porter and Chloe's fraudulent innocence. <br /> "Sweet to the Sweet": This is probably the best episode. Franks (as Lee's daughter appears). Here the treatment of the image of the occult is subtle and mature, ending in a powerful and very cool 'curtain'. Trivia Note: The Chloe francs seem to have grown up in the movie included in the disc, and when I saw it, I immediately got acquainted with her face but could not put my finger on it. Later, when she read the filmography, I was told that she played one of the plays during the long phase of Agatha Christie's "The Mesathop" in London's West End, and my brother and I were lucky enough to catch the holidays in the summer of 2002! Needless to say, we once had the idea that she once created a gentle - primarily by her weird look and a supposedly smile, pictured in the perfect evil! <br /> <br /> "The Clock": An absurd but strange whimsical Vampire story (which still removes many myths related to the subtleties) will take some amazing excavations at robbery and, at one time, Christopher Lee himself! When Jon Pertway tries to bring standard authenticity to his work, he is a camper horror star who has scored more than most business. Ingrid Pitt presents her pictures well, but her role is somewhat affiliated; Jeffrey Beldon (designed as Ernst Thesizer) also has a memorable quirky bit; It is very hypocritical to pick a 'silent-cinematic' style of audiences, and I think - and some comic 'La Fearers Vampire Killers' (1967) or Theater of Blood (1973), which also covers the infection and certainly high (and most extraordinary) ! <br /> <br /> The video and audio quality are relatively satisfying, and I think there is no other version to compare it; The main culprit has some noticeable print loss but it's never too bad for this to affect the pleasure of the film. For additional content starting with audio commentary: Frankly, this is one of the best chats about the genre I can listen to; Jonathan Rigby took his impression over the moderator, but his effort allows director Peter Duffel to touch each item of the product (with some other pictures, you feel you're still there!), And this is a very pleasant track is. Producer Max J. Rosenberg and stars are all-too-brief writings from Chloe Franks, Ingrid Pitt, "A-Rated Horror Film" is again a valuable attempt at Peter Duffel Center-Stage, and Geoffrey Baldon. We also include movie notes, reviews, bio and a poster / stills gallery, which will be awesome again (contemporary reviews are a new one - and a welcoming one).
