<br /> <br /> "We are fighting only words to describe true talent" The House That Droped Blood. "This sequel to the horror audience is so amazing that the Seventies horror edition is incredibly awesome and the number of torture films on the screen is counted on one side, but the film still depicts cruelty and success The spectacular character of the early Seventies horror, the film's techniques, from the helpless performances of the actors (featuring epic Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) all of the great directing and story From the way, the plate Writer Duffel's courtesy and horror writer Robert Bloch (novel writer! Psycho) The first two sections of Astin Plat-turns at the end of the first and the end of the film, but do not be distracted from these small details is the overall viewing experience. <br /> <br /> The first section, 'Murder', tells the story of Charles Hillier (Denhel Eliot), a horror writer who hired the creepy house while working in his latest novel. While working on the novel, Hilleier begins to see the role of murders from his story in the home and around, and soon begins to question the difference between fiction and reality. The Elliott appearance in this piece is truly extraordinary and given the surprising wind of believing his character. The key to this section is the secret of events, along with others. Dominic's murderous role is designed to question whether the reality of illusion, schizophrenic disorder or character actually exists. <br /> <br /> Duffel's direction is to create a combination atmosphere. Furthermore, the process of slow and approach to the tension and suspense needed to make the segment very tight. <br /> Peter Cushing House in the following section. In a tour in town he appears in a glimpse of horror wax objects and decides to enter there. While there, he finds a waxy model of a beautiful woman known to all. The role of Cushing (Philip) was then joined by his friend Neville (José Auckland), who would also like to visit this museum, and Philip's surprise. In this segment the viewer does not give much wacky wax to the wizard of the woman, but the viewer is generally left in the dark. This particular story has very little tension, but this section is still secretly succeeded in preserving its secret air, especially through the horrific dream range and the general ambiguity of the story. Duffle's direction is once again extraordinary and it's weakest of the four stories, not by some creative direction and loyalty acting, and Wax Works is still the happiest entry of the movie <br> What is Waxworks, in my opinion, what is the greatest of four divisions? Sweets to the Sweet '. A youngster starring Christopher Lee has appeared as John Reed, who is afraid of the fire immediately, which meets Nanny Ann Norton (Nurri Don Porter). Nevertheless, it seems that the John family is referring to a dark mystery. Sweets to Sweet 'are easily the most sophisticated and complicated of the four stories and this is why the segment does not deny the viewer. Smaller and more cryptic evidence is released about the truth behind the whole family, but it slots everything up to the worst final scenario. The best example is Duffell's dramatic tension and how to use suspense. Sweet Sweet to Sweet ', with an incredible exercise, a continuous panic exercise that attracts the viewer through the throat and does not leave the piece to the endless endless chatter. Personally, I make this small piece an entertaining and haunting feature length film and I believe this segment will give you a rare 10/10. <br /> <br /> The film is the first performer of the missing actress Jon Pertwy and Ingrid Pitt starrer, who are currently working on a horror film. Pirtwi's character is bored with the film's production and credentials, and he buys his own bloodthirsty clothes from strange shops. Still, when he wears a garment, strange things begin and he will soon frighten the trash. This section, which puts the inspector in the events, is a good way to close a wonderful collection. Although this section does not have the wind of the camp, this story is very enjoyable. Unfortunately, this section is very small in that section which can be classified as scary, and the speculative conclusion may have been well implemented, though the segment has its redeeming features. Horror buffs should certainly look for Pertwee's brief comment on the role of Bela Lugosi and Christopher Lee Dracula. If this slightly ridiculous and light approach to the final section is removed from the previous comparison of suspense-based horror's earlier examples, the film would have enough and almost natural way to end the picture. /> Overall, 'The House Blood Dripped Blood' is one of the greatest horror volumes, and it's an amazing cast, great story and the direction to the top. There are terrible ways to spend a hundred minutes in your life, but fans and fans are very upset with the blood and guts, and even more panic fans will enjoy this movie. My rating for 'The House That Dripple Blood' ?? 8/10.
