The simulator's predecessor's "Saint-Joan" (by Graham Green) was one of the most complex reactions of its day. It was ridiculed by fake-elite groups that the Puritans and the audience did not react to the devotion and glamor of the historical painter. Like "piping tom", the reaction is harmful and unjust. Primer's adaptation to the intellectual exploration of the surrounding effects and actions of the zone of arc (her original name is Jinnah Dick Ark, but the film is in English) is full of belief in the spirit of the original drama, but officially the level of emotional status. Breictian observation about the performance of his film companies does not want to seize control over the various sections and power. <br /> <br /> When Jean Sebert (whose next life is much more parallel to her role), she is not allowed to recognize at an emotional level. As a naive, many actions and the existence of the corrupt and holiness of all are described as a pure person. Seborg plays her as both Saint and Madwyn. The film (which appears in the scars) does not have her experience as her actress, informs her the latest and younger jeans, an illiterate farmer who refuses to save her village from John La Paychell, her natural intelligence. Nevertheless, she received stiff criticism in the film's first release, which acted more than any previous actress's kin and call with acting acting. Shaw and Primshinger Joyan herself as a medieval era feminist is not a conflicting daughter to marry her, or a soldier from soldiers and soldiers from the battlefield. Her sights, such as her faith, her voices, "her imagination" and "common sense", which she has met with her, will lead her to the war to accompany her fellow soldier's armor to pursue the Englishman from France. </ P> <p> It is still in the zone after Warrique's Earl (John Gielgood), the office of the cleric who attempts to lead the movie DuPhyn (Richard Widmark), Pierre Concherion (Anton Wabrock, the acting indirectly) and astrologers. The striking ensemble cast (all men) portrayed the people who display the Macwézialian (despite the story Nicholas). The sharp alchemical conversation is a lot of fun to get rid of actors. John Geelgood deals with the predominantly rational Earl (including corruption), allowing him to calculate the precise method of determining that he will burn Zonn's stock, and Anton Walbrock's Pierre Cachen brings three three-dimensional images of this clever sense. The zone certainly finds her guilty in a fair trial. Richard Widmark as a diefine is a real revelation. Contrary to what you have ever found, Virmer is portrayed as a weak future ruler in France, the film is as close to comic relief. <br /> <br /> The simulator of Jerry Lewis feels more than France's sudden future ruler. <br /> <br /> Primer shot "St. John" in black and white, cinematographer Georges Perinel René Claire and who are the "Life and Death of Colonel Blimp". It is absolutely forbidden to emphasize the rational intellectual environment for the film. Primer's priority for the tracking shots of long-term continuous images is crucial to the film's impact, and there is no awareness of a wasted movement anywhere in his Mice-A-Sean. <br /> <br /> It is in conflict with the eyes of the most visible and most neglected (and most neglected period) of Primer's people and the organizations they work, how the organization works and how the person works according to his rules. These themes get their most direct treatment in his movies, and as usual, he makes things spectacular and does not find any black and white answers. This is one of his best and most influential films.
