The question of "jesperster" is cool in the German cinema. <br /> <br /> In the past ten years, I have not had too many German films. Yes, the problem with most German films is "Gespensster". He did not say that it was not good to see in some places. The special Tony (Sabine Timeto) toy is great. But it is always in German films. Everyone needs to learn this cool - reality in these films. It's hard to understand. But in this case it makes some sense, because she steals and she's lying - she's lost because you love the girl you love. The other girl in this movie is not clear for Nina. She loves her - and she loses herself. But Nina lost everything. She is played with soft emotions and sad feelings. Nothing - but you have to take it just as Herbert Aktubbusi says for twenty years. This often goes to Germany's films. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not within the laws of society - is outside - she does not have a chance. These films try to give her a piece in every place. Thats one of the problems - stupid break with conventions - criminal fascination. Throw it all away - and go somewhere! But this intricate part of the actress plays a very interesting role. On the other side - there parent - who pend to two girls. Have a car - a hotel suite - live in the music world of money and opera. But the movie looks a bit too far away. <br /> <br /> There is a scene that you can not forget in the middle of this movie. Two girls got a casting. Here's how they're together. This scene will be lying on Tony. She's a fantastic story-she has nothing to do with her. And then Nina tells you the truth. She said in an interversion way. There is no display. She looked down and said what's going to happen here. It's a great moment. Well, the film ends - the worst of garbage in the cold German style - where the circle of sadness is closed in the next scene on the party with red images. But there is a moment - something else is going on - and this moment is important. He is more than German coolneß - and at this time the German film is rare!
