"Gesperpen" (2005), one of Christopher's Drama Law-Cream German film directors, "Allie" (2007) and "Jericho" (2008), director Christian Petzold's Gesphenster-Trio, Gassenster "tells the story of a French woman who was kidnapped by her 3 year old child as her daughter was surrounded by her head for 1 minute in Berlin. Never seen. From then on, when traveling to Berlin, the age and age of the ages of the ages are helping to photography and searches for a maximum of time. When we heard later in the film, she had many times learned that she had found her daughter, Mary. However, this time, when she meets Nina, everything comes out very different. <br /> <br /> The film does not bring solutions and does not even get spare parts, and it is disappointing. If the mother is really mad or not, we are not setting up to determine whether her original daughter is still alive. Very disappointing end. In the film we have seen, it will go to Nina alone and watch out alone. Generally walking and dramatization (f.ex. "Umberto D." in f.ex. ") is strongly influenced when nothing indicates, but in" Gespenster "it displaces. <br /> <br /> As I quote Freudian intentions in the picture, I give my own try: does not such people know, especially not someone else? Aristotle's logic perspective Aristotle replied to my question: They do not know someone else's pure change, and they believe everybody who is madly frank.But anyway, this is a question of the person who has no idea of ​​the person's personality. Some other kind of people who are rarely sorted by changes If the director also realizes that the director is also aware of the metaphysical context of the film, even though it is our modern, aristocratic world, the myth of belief in the mythology of people around the world , The same people are parts of their personality Ncukuntarani and the personality is not obvious, it is not different, so that the boundaries between the source of a very curious kind gespenster - in spite of our other strong rational ideas, stereotypes and are having a similar analogy.
