In Rosenstrasse, Margarez van Trotta combines two stories to create a strong hypocrisy of love and courage. The film depicts a family drama between a mother and her daughter, and Zeus portrays the story of German women who protested against Rosenstresses without husband. In addition to dramatization of historical events, the film's vision is the result of a child's experience of losing German and her mother from the Holocaust. Ms. Von Trotta showed a small difference in German courage, but she did not use the German society to forgive her. In fact, between torture and extermination, she shows how the wealthy artists and intellectuals of the German higher society are suffering from the suffering of their lives and parties. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />] Rosenstras, a Jewish widow in New York, is sitting in a sleepy, sitting seven-days mourning daughter, Ruth Weinstein (Juta Lampay). When her daughter Hanna (Maria Schröder) was forbidden to get phone calls from her future husband, Louis (Fedja von Hueet), the non-Jewish Hannah questions suddenly decided to follow a traditional tradition that she had previously rejected. When Ruth strongly denies her cousin, Hannah asks her about Hannah, a mother who has taken her children out of the Nazi and murdered Ruth, and she finds Lena and her mother secretly flees her to Berlin , Where she Lena (Doris Skade) is now ninety years old At identified and to investigate certain aspects of the Holocaust as a journalist, she has interviewed. With a memory memorabilia, the 33-year-old woman (Katja Riemann), her husband, Jewish pianist Ferbean appeared on the Israeli fisherman (Martin Fefer), and the common Jewish jurisdiction in mixed marriages. Lena, her husband and other Jews find a bright show by Remyman, a former factory in Rogensstress. <br /> <br /> German women standing together in the freezing night, outside the building, will increase their numbers every day until they reach "our husbands return" shouting. Lena finds a girl named Runa (Svea Lohde), in her mother's palace. She cares for her, protects her from the Gestapo and raises her after her mother kills. Leni is from an elite German family and her brother, recently returned from Stalingrad, a vanrtact officer. After he left his parents' relief, he told his sister's sister, "I know what to do with the Jews, because of her support, she is bold enough to go through the channels bypass and her beauty and charm, the culture minister, Joseph Goebbels, the irresistible proof for a prominent lady. The episode criticized women's agitators as insulting, Rosey <br /> <br /> Director Margareth von Trotta, an activist, feminist and intellectual, is not new to political drama and has directed a film about Socialist Rosa Luxemburg and Marianne and Julianne, The story of the relationships between the two sisters, one of whom, she is She spent eight years working in Rosenstrasse, where she had to compromise, adding to the present fictional element of the filmmaking, which works well for Ms. Von Trotta's artistry and the beautiful screenplay of Pamela Katz, whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. The events that occurred at Rogensstress were "nothing we could do" by the Germans. Now Van Torta has shown the fun of the opposite and can do something to stop the Nazis. This is not the example that is tragic.
