I do not think that many movies (especially comics) included a memorable, egregious conversation as Monorracoke. I can not explain this thing - you can see the long list of quotes in this thread - but it is a memorable dialogue of things like security, such as using more expensive copper pipes than brass for plumbing purposes. It's not the only line that pop up and makes a print of our memory. How about a restaurant waiter regreting a planned marriage proposal because how old is the old client to lose? Or encouraging his charge to a nice, elderly dog ​​fancier, to heal on the moon? <br /> <br /> The Monirilo Moonlight (My favorite line) is about the monologue's amazing script, the first ration direction, and the wonderful example of good stuff, or a pearl (John Mahoney)'s youthful promise of a female student. Perfectly suited ensemble cast. There are other examples (drama The OX-Boat Incident is another example, but a grimmer one). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardneria, Nicolas Cage, John Mahoney, and Danny Eilele participate in the plot and cross benefits of looking at the nature of love and how to manage. Is it all right to be in love? Cher and Cage may eventually think, but it seems that Dukakis drives a real love personal crazy (and even when Cage returns from Orissa, he and Cher also get a glamor of realism while arguing outside his home). One way of avoiding thoughts of death is men's disbelief. Dukakis is so confident, and (oddly enough - if not completely convinced) Aiello. Opportunity reveals disbelief - Gardea's odd behavior is associated with betrayal, and Cher is literally slipping into Garderia and his Girlfriend in Opera (but Garry also stuck to Cher's similarity to Iherrow). But the possibility can also cause misunderstandings: Fyodor Chaliapin walks with John Mahoney and hopes that she has relationships. <br /> <br /> There are also lovely little moments in the film. Cher's observation of the flowers that led flowers. She heard the argument in the liquor store and this is clear. Louise Gus and Julie Boovalosso range Cher's uncle and Aunt Raymond and Rita Kapapagi and Rayta's fascinating and kind comment about the moon's moon and the moon's impact on him. <br /> It is close to a flawless image. After watching a dozen times in many years, they are not just as smooth as two points. While in Cage Bakery, her assistant Chrisi (Nada Despotovich) mentions how she's secret in love with Cage, but feared to tell him. Earlier she had a slightly stroke on the cher side of her position. But this did not do anything with this potential opponent. At the same time, Cher finally forgot to lend his uncle's and business-day business gains to the fact that it lasted seven minutes - but quickly fell. Cher and Vincent Gardneria are working on the shelter of homeless people and there are a few plots falling apart. It's a little annoying, but it's very good because it depends on the desire to see more of this film.
