Loretta Castorini (Cear) is a woman in a widow living with her parents in the Duplex apartment in Brooklyn. She is married to Johnny Comerrie (Danny Ilo), who is more than a true love, married to a maiden person. Before their wedding, Johnny takes a trip to visit his unhealthy mother and loretta unveils the work of olive leaf with his brother Rani by revealing his upcoming marriage. Ronnie (Nicolas Cage) did not forgive Johnny for causing his accident, and he lost his arm (later, his bride-to-want), but he was falling and hard for Loretta. Johnny tried to escape Ronnie's dignified Lauretta, but his dark looks and men succeeded on men. Meanwhile, Loretta's mother Ross Castorini (Olympia Dukakis) is not only suspicious of her husband Cosmo (Vincent Gardneria) seeing another woman, but also from her college professor, and why men chase men? <br /> <br /> This set-up is pure sitcom, but the story by John Patrick Shanley is of great interest to Italy-Americans. In New York, it is real: he gets these people's idiosyncrasies and their daily foibles and quirks, and all the characters have a deep fantasy that comes through key moments throughout the story. Loretta fell in love with La Bohemy as a woman in love with slow-tolerance and difficulty with her husband's loss of losing her husband - a man with a sensible gender reversal (and a chic gender reversal) and lives in Cher, and she does and in her own style Deftly deep, dark beauty trades her frumpiness. Rani describes men's power as a pure fire and Nicholas Cage Marlon Brandon's channel. Castorini and the Central Couple of Kappomagi share their love for two crucial moments: the second couple, full moon night, Lauretta and Ronnie when their affair - a rare scene of love and <br /> <br /> <br /> "Romantic comedy and date is not only a movie, it's a beautiful test of love and passion among ordinary people. The Tour de Force, which is influenced by the family, is traditionally more than merely challenging to go back to the days of immigrants, and this is a classic for another classic-good movie.MonSTRUCK has received its Oscars as Best Writing, Actress, Supporting Actress, is.
