When I first released in 1980, I saw Hartland and saw it again and again. It improves with age. Hartland is not only for lovers of indie films. Hartland is a part of American history when many American films are little more than crazy, crazy, pear technology, and / or obscene attempts to make money. It is also a reminder that many of our modern, urbanized Americans are scattered. <br /> <br /> There is nothing in this film. No one announced any Hollywood movie speeches. Actors really live in their roles. It really feels like a "small" film but it really is bigger than most multilillion dollars Hollywood productions. <br /> <br /> The film relies on the lives of real people. In 1910, Elnare Randall (Little Ferrare had never done anything before) was 7-year-old daughter Jerichin (Megan Phoenem), living in Denver but prefers many opportunities. She promotes the position of a homeowner. The statement was answered by Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of our most acclaimed actors), a Swiss-born race, her husband, Burnt Fork, a resident outside Wyoming. Elinar accepts this position (seven dollars a week) and moves to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter go to Stewart's small house on the property. It is the endless vistas, rolling, descendant Rangland where silence breaks not only the sounds of these people and their animals. It is guaranteed to make a person feel small. Three characters go for a long time without seeing another human soul. Worse, Stewart is a place to be almost silent. "I can not talk to man," Elinore complained to Grandma Landauer. The book Praying "Good to Know Before Winter" Grandma (Lilia Scala) is one of the two other characters. She came to Wyoming, Germany several years ago with her husband, and she only raised her wife, and now she is widowed. Grand is their nearest neighbor (and local midwife) and still lives ten miles away! <br /> <br /> Elnor's ordinary (and her master's) is one of the endless, retrogressive labor, where there are no modern conveniences, and everything must be made, fixed or handmade. The real meat of the film: looking at the normal life of these cattle to fight against nature, to stay alive from the earth. But despite continuous effort and fatigue, Elnare is always looking for other opportunities. She learns that no one has taken the ship beside Stewart's side. If she lives on (and she lives there) and works for ten years, she receives the document, she sues her property (twelve dollars, or nearly two weeks!). Obviously, Stewart learns what she did. With relentless reasoning, she was unable to succeed because she had no money, livestock, credit and no assets. He offers a solution: he proposed marriage. <br /> <br /> Stewart's proposal is completely makiavellian - we're supposed to land and free workers --- but, in fact, he's a true likeness of Elnare, and they grow together as a couple. She becomes pregnant; She goes into the middle of a midwine blizzard; Clyde travels for hours per hour, only to announce that the storm returns to Grand and Ten Miles up to ten miles, not Grandma. It's more fun than real life. Elnar has a baby without any help. Their son is still a child when he is sick and dead. They will lose half of their livestock alive winter. They are fighting. The final order in the picture should be positive: a calf origin. Clyde Elnar helps instantly save the calf. Instead of being the first to be the head, the calf bone is in the display. He and Elnar have to remove the calf from the birth canal. What CGI, Animatronics, Trickery, Fakery or Special Effects: What You See: Folks: A calf lamplit was born on a bed with a wooden straw. <br /> <br /> The film is rarely stuck, the viewer is dissatisfied, but it is not for its end soon after, but not for its end. <br /> <br /> This little gem reward is patience and attention. It has long been forgotten in the past generation films, and it will be a long time.
