I'm very good at the romantic films I've painted and acted well. It was a romantic (period) film of 17th century Italy, but filmed in French with French subtitles. This is a cinema that is a period of time, which is slower than the images in modern times, so it has some. If you ignore that fact, it's really good movie. The scenery, costumes and cinematography are beautiful and the main actors and actress are more compelling in their films, assessing the intensity of the emotions running through the plot. The story is like a tragic love story with a happy ending. It is easy to believe that real life characters are a definite description. Despite the fact that I really was shaken by the main characters and storyline, I decided to check the credibility of the story and the main theme of the movie's story - a sad and incomplete love story - fiction. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was initially raped by Tassi, rather than submitting to the filmmakers his will and willingly in his role. She had a sexual relationship with her because she repeatedly promised to marry her. When they were in court, they did not agree with the violence of Artemia, but not rape. In fact, he attempted to portray Artemicia as an immensely sexy woman with an immense sexual inspired promise. In the film, his sister Tassi testified in court that he had a wife and had a sexual relationship with his sister, when the character of Tassi accused his sister of accusing him of his alleged affair with the sister law (he admitted to having a wife in Florence). No need to say, in fact it really is not like that. In fact, from far away. Tassie is truly responsible for the murder of his wife, who was born out of rape. And Tassey really had sexual relations with her sister, who influenced her in this process, but these were not really mutually exclusive - she raped her sister. <br /> <br /> Now we have shown the real Tasci as a multiple sex offender, what do we do in the Armenian movie painted as a viewer? We will try to make this movie a romantic film ... this film will never be historically accurate ... Apart from these references, there are other historical errors in the description of the art of Armenia (in real life, she never really influenced Tassi's painting style, Considered better than ever artist.) One thing is true and in Artemisia Gentileschi Her old masterpiece of history, and her mastery of art, has always experienced difficulty getting her credit enough for her work as a woman in 17th century Italy. <br /> <br /> Enjoy this movie for its own desire, it's a pretty good play, but its historical references take salt.
