The rock artist from Sergio Martino, the rock giant, is the master of the genre. Made from an awesome screenplay by Ernesto Gestalt, this incredible mystery develops lovely twists until a marvelous conclusion that often does not come across the film. When it goes down to "Ah" .. when everything is falling, it revolves around the movie (in an airplane explosion) and the death of a million dollars received from his wife. Those who are of great interest in money, especially the mistress of the dead men. Laura (Ida Galli) and Laura (Jaine Reynat), a half-requested wife. Lisa tells her that her death was set to get her insurance money. Laura says she would use the "lawyer", Sharif (Louise Barbo) to get her money. So already, the film produces two suspects in Lisa's next assassination, one in Tokyo. George Hilton portrayed Peter Lynch. Peter works for the company that investigates those who acquire the inheritance to see if Peter Paper collects in suspicious ways today. In his own time, Lisa murders a man dressed up in his room from black head to toe, suspect. He also helps inspector Strauss (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol Agent Benton (Tom Felgey) in their search for the killer finder. Killer Lisa eliminates anyone who is responsible for the murder of millions of dollars that are not confiscated. Soon, the film follows a journalist, Kleo Dupont (tasty, sweet sweet Anita Stindberg), where she and Peter meet for dinner and meet for any dinner that can break a story for her. Soon they will fall in love, but it will be visible to all those who are dead at Peter. Soon it will attack Chloe with the intention of killing anyone, which investigates the investigation into a more unspeakable territory. <br /> <br /> This gill is very intelligent and exciting. This film is not very difficult, it's because of the question of killer's identity. The film follows the Gilli line with sword slash due to a specific pattern (throat and low torso) taken by the killer. The film's resolution closes the complex loose ends and is very satisfying. The film has some distinct camera angles, but it sends objects in terms of plotting and mysterious implementation.
