I was really searching for a reward of "Scorpion's Tile Case" with 10 from 10 ratings, but the Italian horror movies of the 1970s seemed better than SO than the worst cheese I normally saw. But even without an extra point for nostalgia, this is yet to get a real master and a high rating for its amazingly engaging story, extraordinary atmosphere, blood-soaking killing scenes and excellent casting options. In my humble opinion this is actually the best Giollo in Sergio Martino's, and "The Strange Vice of Mrs. Ward", "All the Colors of the Dark", "Torso" and "Your Vice a Locked Room and I Only Key" All the Stripe Art achievements are the same. But the film was a tad bit with its ultra-compelling plot. After her husband's strange death in an airplane explosion (!), Lisa Boomer will soon become a million dollars suspicious owner and she is interested to leave the country as soon as possible. Under extreme circumstances, the insurance company puts Peter Linch in their best investigator case and he follows her with Greece. There, Lisa becomes a target of many attacks and is secretly rising in the case while many are being hunted for money. I am overly eager when briefly compiled briefly because I do not want the risk of giving the required plot elements. In "The Case of the Scorpions Tail" stories, half of the stories take a sudden and totally unexpected approach, and I want to ruin it for you. Many red hairs follow that later, but Sergio Martino will succeed in a stage in advance and 100% is not satisfactory, this defeat is at least surprising. This is a very stylish movie with imaginative camera-work and amazing music by Bruno Nicole. Everybody's favorite Giovlus Muse Edwige Phenche is an extraordinarily cast of this cast (she plays in 3 other Supreme Martino Giolli), but Anita Strindberg ("Lizard in a Woman's Skin", "Who Saw Her Dye?") Is more than a valuable replacement for her. Attractive and hunky George Hilton is always reliable in the role of his inspector? duh ?? Ladies Man Deluxe. If you're a fan of Geo, I will not wait as long as I watch this movie!
