Joan Crawford launched her "work girl good" step with dynamic "Payment" (1930). She did not try the role before and critics were impressed. Other actresses were surprised to find out why their careers were established (although roles in the "role" a few years before, but are now pasi) saw the people of the zone and saved his longevity as an actress. The recession is here and the jazz aged children worn on endless round parties. However, if you are rich in immoral ways, it is responsible for this - that's fine. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a fantastic house boat party. Bonnie Jordan (Jon Crawford) is the most popular girl - especially when she suggested that everyone should go swimming in their underwear !!! However, Bonnie and her brother, Rodney (William Bayquell) find out who their true friends are, as Boney's father suffers a heart attack and is lost in the stock market. <br /> <br /> She had spent the night together when Bob Townsend (Leon Vail - Johnny McBrun of a poor man) was "right" and married to her - when Bonnie announced (when she left) she wanted to find a job in a newspaper I like best. Her friend Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and they give a work to write about the activities inside the mob. Rodney is also surprised by the news that he has a job. She was astonishing but soon learned that it was illegal and he was mixed up with a cold blooded killer, Jake Lua (Clarke Gabe). Rodney witnesses a mass shoot and goes into the pieces, the first person to see him drink in the bar "Beans spill" - it is bert. He was forced to kill Bert and later hid. This story breaks all stops in an attempt to find Bert Killer and boney secretly secretly as a dancer in the Janei Clubs. (Jon is dancing to "Accordion Joe" - most of Silvia's disgust). The film ends in a gun battle, and Rodney is dying, and Bonnie calls in tears in his story. <br /> This is a super movie with Crawford and Gibbs. Natalie Moorehead, who initially shared Silvage with a famous "cigarette scene" with Gabe, was a beautiful "other woman" who had Vogue in the early thirties. William Begwell has a huge career (he started as a teenager in the Douglas Fairbanks film in the mid 20s). But his characters are very weak and spineless characters. In this film he played the role of a weaker brother, and Jon Crawford and Dynamic Newcomer Clarke Gavble completely shadowed - hence he became a star. <br /> Highly recommended.
