Ahista Ahista is a little tiny brilliant. I started looking at it, at first I was passing slow and I was a bit frustrated because the main idea of ​​a person who met a lost person was not really new. But in the film, I am gradually engaged in the film, fantastic writing and lovely romance. The film is very simple and natural and after a while I see the true document of a person's life. The very good reason for the film was this feeling, and the latest talent known as the Abbey Deol. He is very persuasive as a simple, kind hearted and struggling enthusiast, whose new love promotes him and encourages him to fight for a better life. Throughout the film, he is a simple naughty prankster, but he also loves and helps everyone as well as loving and loving. <br /> <br /> The Devil paints all the different shades of his character, either convenient or negative, naturally and full of convenience. <br /> <br /> Sivan Nair is very good to direct. His description of the life of the rural neighbors is amazing, but it is even more impressive that his friends around him and his love interest are filming Anush's relationship with various people around him, including the cloud. I am so grateful that Nair played his friend with a loud and plump mother, calling him 'qala' (aunty). He prefers to run his crazy, and in every occasion she can spoil her, and she has occupied a very special place in her heart, and in several scenes she is described as a mother-figure. Except for Abhay, the rest of the cast performed well. Soha Ali Khan did not retain my opinion, she was good and had her mother's charm. Actors who played the role of Umushu as an actress who played Ankush's 'Khala' is very good. <br /> <br /> Besides performances, this work is fantastic. These conversations are simple and fantastic, and the script is also amazing. Although it is a new protagonist, it has never been played or dramatic and has no attempts to make it appear bigger than life. The film's biggest weakness is that of Hemesh Reshammia's undoubted music, which is not appropriate for the film. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista had a delightful watch and only good with each scene. This concept may not be new, but the film becomes more and more heartening to see the movie and going through the story. The sweetness of the end is still sweet yet sweet. In short, the film is really slow to you, and it is easily attributed to the incredible writing, moody moments, lovely romance, original affairs and unforgettable performance of Abhay Deol.
