This period is one of Graffith's early Claustrophobia films. The characters in the room are dominant throughout his work and as time passes, he becomes more proficient by filming their helplessness and participation in the audience. There is a variation of the general plot line in the vague name sealed room which does not really escape. <br /> <br /> Griffith achieves claustrophobic effect in two ways. First use of the site. While Simple Biography uses a few dozen or more sets, the Sealed Room has only two closest chambers? The tomb of the king's court and the coat of the pigeon is called the tomb. The design of these shorts is rarely mentioned, but here it is crucial. The court is large interior, hinting at a depth of a background and showing us a window and a staircase. The actors enter and depart from different directions, the room is broad but free and open only. In contrast to the back wall of the Dove coat is very close to the camera and the angles are more limited in pointing out the shape of the hexagonal or octagonal shape. <br /> <br /> Cross-cutting is the second technique displayed here. Anyone interested in Griffith's work is likely to know about his heavy use and cross-cutting improvement to boost excitement or tension. Most people know that it is not exactly her discovery. Although Griffith's cross-cuts make it more efficient, he separates the opposing images so that they can be interconnected with each other. The Sealed Room has a good example of my purpose. Major shots that shift heavy bricks are at slow, step-by-step speed, with a high altitude tension building on the wall. This movement is not pleasant to the shots of lovers, in which Marion Leonard floral flakes are tears of tears to each other. When the couple recognize their difficulties, their increasing fear will be cut out by the king's opponent's shot. <br /> <br /> Griffith does not perceive this move. By introducing a third chord to cross-cut. The dramatic "ride-to-the-rescue", not here, became the standard climax for Griffith's films.
