After the 20th Century failed to gain much attention in selling the film industry to its film industry in the first decade, the playwright D.W. Griffith earned him a Legend: He was appointed director of films by Biography Company. Griffith was not true when he decided to enter the film business, but he accepted the job, and in less than a year he was grateful for his original approach to filmmaking and film production as the most successful director of biography. Several years later, he directed "The Birth of a Nation" in 1915, making it a revolutionary film and one of the film's earliest known authors; Nevertheless, he is seen as a great filmmaker in many small films made for the biographing company in the early years of his career. One of the "Seal Room" of 1909 was one of the few horror films of the first decade of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> "Sealed Room" is a story set in the 16th century. One Count (Arthur V. Johnson) built a windowless room in his castle. It is a small yet nice and very cozy room, which is used to enjoy the love and company of his wife, Countess (Marion Leonard) in a more personal way. However, Count does not know that his wife does not exactly believe, because she fell in love with Minstral (Henry B. Valthal) in court, and she was in contact. As Count is busy in his business, Countess calls Minster and two lovers go to Count Count's new room. When the count comes back, he realizes he is missing and suspects, and finally finds two lovers in his room; <br /> <br /> "Frank E. E. Woods," Settle Room "Edgar Allan Poe 's" The Cask of Ammonitado "and mainly the Honor de Balzac' s La Grande Brettie "to create a gothic drama based on the themes of fraud and cruelty.While running in 11 minutes, Woods's screenplay is a lot of this story And the horror of the story is one of the best horror characters of this early period, focusing on the role of Woods Count and his brutality. "Sealed Room" is definitely a very simple and basic story, but its Woods handling of the dark and morbid theme of the plot is very much Griffith In the "The Sealed Room", Griffith uses his talent to experiment with tension and suspense in a different way than his usual, when he often compiled audiences to create a motivating enthusiasm, Creating Horror, Claustrophobia's Sw Avika play with the idea that the source of the stories. The story is interesting to know how another melodrama starts and the horror themes dominate the plot, slow pacing accelerating, and ending with the great use of editing for final scenes. The camera is not a movie that does not need tricks, shines in "The Sealed Room", and Griffith's talent to direct his actors. <br /> <br /> As usual, actor Griffith has regular collaborators, Arthur V. as Count. Johnson started. Johnson is a great performer and really expresses the change of character from a loving husband to a cruel monster. His performance is not without a touch without overtaking, but in fact it adds realism to the character's exaggerated personality. Like Countess, Marion Leonard is very good and is also very effective in her acting, which gives her a natural glimpse of her lack of sympathy with her betrayal. Finally, legendary Henry B. Walttull appears as a cute mintrestle, and is one of his best performances, starring in a good performance, which also provides the comic touch of comedy. Although the plot is not the real significance, it is good to look at the top of the court as his wife, Linda Arvidson and a young Mary Pickford, in the wake of other members of Griffith's stock company. <br /> <br /> Not sure masterpiece, "The Sealed Room" is an important exercise of the amendment to create suspense and tension, such as the griffith used in those days. The film has a very good set design and is the most affordable for Griffith's details when it comes to the lowest budget and works perfectly with his direct style. The change in horror view makes it stand out among other films of its time, and Johnson's performance as a virtuoso count makes a watch worth. Griffith remembered for his most influential (and controversial) "The Birth of a Nation", he was the earliest heroes before giving a good idea to develop a genre and style of genre. Simple and elegant, "Sealed Room" is a fun movie to watch and the first decade of the 20th century is one of the few horrors. 7/10
