The criticism of the film Evinging, based on the Sunan Minat novel, and screenplay by Minot and Michael Cunningham, which is very difficult, is a lot of disappointment from the movie's try. [Edit] Criticisms The film's story about a woman who dies in the film is a little about a mistake made by her in the movie, where the actors have been given a number of minor roles, mostly advertised the whole production <br/> There was a very different reaction when watching a movie on a DVD in the film silence. <br /> <br /> En Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) dies in his home by the sea and her prescriptions, and in memory of her memorabilia, the two daughters of Nina (Toni Colatee) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) allow memories to be named 'Harris' . When she was a bridesmaid at his daughter Anna when she was a bridesmaid for her cousin Lila (Mamie Gummer) - when her daughters sat on a special summer - Annie Both (Claire Danes Youthful) and Lila's brother Buddy (Hugh Dancy), she married her instead of Leila instead of her beloved boy - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), a doctor who has become a doctor The son of the owner. Harris, Buddy, Lila, and Anne are now being interred in the secret of the hidden entropices and romance, and 50 years later, un-dying. Old Leila (Meryl Streep) visits Ann at the end and reveals the secrets: 'There are no mistakes - life is just going on.' The film contains a delicate mood piece and script and miniature life lessons written by Minatt and Cunningham. Yes, there are gaps in the story that can be used in more explanation, but such "holes" can understand the nostalgia of the dying woman's words. The film is a short but very solid showcase ensemble, not only of Redgrave, Richardson (the real daughter of Redgrave), Colette, Gummer (the real daughter of Streep), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson. The setting is gorgeous (cinematography by Gila Pados) and musical score incomparable John A.P. Is by Cazarech. Laozos Coltie ("Julia Being") directs.
