The first "side story" of the universal century Gundam Universe offers a new refreshing look in the battle between land and space colonies. There is not a focus on the few people who play key roles in this conflict, but how will war by day-to-day civil population and their eyes appear? <br /> <br /> The story consists of some gumsticks, an attempt by a ZEON team to capture its experiment with an experimental gut, but to implement a very interesting plot to see this show. This series focuses on the experiences of a young boy named Alfred, and his neighbor, Christina McKenzie, secretly a relationship between a federation pilot and Jean Pilot, named after Bernie Wisman. <br /> <br /> "War in the Pocket" Our young Jean Pilot also comes for Christina while you develop a sort of "brotherly love" for Alfred Bernie that does not require a sweeping epic story about special people. For good war story. There are no Uber Ace pilots or large-scale fighter jets. The role of this small 6 episode OVA politics or other themes, such as philosophy, focuses more on emotional drama and I love how real characters I have portrayed. Alfred plays your typical everyday kid, violent computer games, and thinks that the armed forces are cold. Then he is given a crash course with the terrible facts of the war. The friendship and friendship between Bernie and Christina, everyone who realizes that they are soldiers on different sides of the war, is very real, without having to turn into pornographic subjects. The same goes for a fascinating relationship between Alfred and Bernie. It is said that I do not want to spoil much of the story here, but it makes a very hearty heart to see the tragedies moving along the mental devastating twist all over the show. <br /> Despite its lack of action, the show will not fall in the "boring" category. The characters are just enough to take part in the whole program. There is no scarcity as there are a number of scene mobile action action scenes scattered there and there. <br /> In general, a level animated series is usually animated to satisfy the desire for some "compulsory" mobile suite battles in a band series. <br /> Looking at anime in Japanese or English in general, leaving personal preference. But in this case, I strongly recommend the English voice track than the Japanese one. In addition to not only Alfred in English, except for all cocaineans, the performances of the English band are similar and overstepping the Japanese language, each cast a realistic emotions and values ​​in some live action TV dramas. <br /> <br /> In short, this show does not try to impress the audience. It is that the most vigorous themes close to the house, particularly the battlefield fear of innocence and the fear of war through the eyes of children. It's a really moving short story that deserves more credit than it has given.
