This is a complex picture analyzing the effects of Fortis and Taylor functions of industrial capitalism on human relationships. అసెంబ్లీ లైన్ ఉత్పత్తికి స్థిరమైన సూచనలు ఉన్నాయి, కార్మికులు ఒక యంత్రంలో cogs గా వ్యవహరిస్తారు, క్లిప్బోర్డ్లను కలిగి ఉన్న నిర్వాహకులు పర్యవేక్షిస్తారు, కార్మికులు బహిరంగంగా వదిలివేసే జుట్టును నియంత్రిస్తారు మరియు అన్ని ప్రమాణాలకు అనుగుణంగా పనిచేసే కార్మికులు (స్టాన్లీ) ను నియంత్రిస్తారు (అతని సూపర్వైజర్ చెప్పిన ప్రకారం, ఎల్లప్పుడూ కాలానుగుణంగా, కష్టపడి పనిచేసే కార  Mikuni, is a good thing), but some people who are not mentioned in the future be able to make a mistake. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families - Stanley needs to send his father to the nursing home (he dies) after losing his job. Iris's daughter is a teenage mother who drops from high school to get a job in the plant. Now, as wages fall, two partners need to work, there is no feeling at home to care for children. Iris's husband died from illness, and the viewer should be surprised if he has lived with good and more expensive care, with many suggestions in the film about medical care costs. Iris's brother, his wife rarely misses another failing day when his wife rarely buys beer with his savings, rather than leaving his face lift and / or teeth job, buying them in perfection and beauty in traditional bourgeois feelings). A reference to the race in the film is that his husband is in jail by a black factory line worker (perhaps, he is black, and black men unequally high arrest rates). <br /> <br /> Stanley is still confident of human relationships, so many outside the Fortist Capitalism system. He is the father of his father despite his illiteracy, which is his brother-in-law (he does not lessen the human relationship to a more widely used agreement, as he is married) ", he says, as he says, he does not adapt to the work-eating-sleep routine, Destructive and Behues Ideology, an artistic and creatine He uses technological and industrial production techniques in the early modern and modern socialists (1920s), including socialists (such as Bahas), utilizing technology for all basic purposes, enjoys more free time for creative human work and full human relationships. He cooks, he cleans Ndi, his family, cares for, and the iron knows how. Iris, on the other hand, the traditionally male role of the lives - she was a factory worker, her (extended) family income source, and she traditionally women's off-limits, Stanley in the public realm will bring. <br /> By teaching him to read and write, he also provides access to the knowledge world, traditionally male males. <br /> <br /> Here is the literacy (traditionally masculine) public realm, circulation (monetary, vehicle, and cultural) that allows for participation in democracy. Without access to this, Stanley is feminized - for him open jobs are cooking and cleaning. He is excluded from all routine circuits, after learning to read in the money (not able to open the bank account), in the vehicle (not the driver's license, the bus can not travel in the car) and the social <br /> <br /> <br /> When he learned to read the auto repair, agriculture, and spirituality (bible) Catches books. Thus, the Word of God is relative and the books of the same value are written in the book. In fact, organized religion is usually rare - the Bible also appears in a dealer on the camera ceiling for having Stanley and Iris sex. However, it is a moral force - Iris, a character dedicated to having a "good" life, is the subject of the film's opening up of a treasury of her purse. Once he is able to read, he will enter the system and take care of the health care plan, car and home, and become a family member and family member. Perhaps, he dreams up an industrious designer, the products needed for the assembly line's dilapidated tolerance produced by others. At this end, this bit is probably in the traditional Hollywood film, and I felt that some studio executives were surprisingly concerned about everything that had come earlier. <br /> <br /> Now, in accordance with the scholars, we have conveniently moved on to the industrialist system, which also has a little nostalgic feel as we need it. Historical distance to really analyze what happened at that time. <br /> <br /> However, it is recommended to exercise your brain at least. Ignore the end and it's close to 10.
