I'm a guy and go to All Dogs Heaven. This and The Land Before Time are Best Animated Movies by Dan Blue! In the film Gharley Barkin (Burt Reynolds), his friend Itchi (Dom Deluus) helps New Orleans gain independence from the pound in 1939. Charlie in the casino business wants to share equally with his partner Carface (Vick Tag Back). Carpace, who did not like to share with Charlie, pushed the car on a bridge over Charlie, killing Charlie! Charlie visits the paradise and visits Annabelle (Melba Moore), explaining that Charley has shown him to stop his time and that all dogs are naturally good as all dogs go to heaven. Charlie hides the backwatch behind his back and switches it back and Annabelle throws him alive Return you back Ki can not! Cornwese only tried to work with Charlie Itchick and tried to kill Charlie and he kidnapped a small orphan girl Anna Anna (Judith Barsi). Carfés helps Charlie and Itchi to flee the Amary. The next day Charlie Itchy and Ann Mary are looking for money! On Marie sees a couple who wants to make great parenting for her! When Analy Marie talked to Charlie, he screws back and steals his bag! Charlie An Mary and then go to a horse race and win the man's money horse! They say they win $ 1,000 for winning winnings, Charlie, Itchy and Ann Mary. Charlie Anna assures Mary, casts money for the poor, buys new casino and gambling, and buys pizza for her friend Flow (Anderson in) and her puppies. Soon learned that Ann Mary had stolen the bag from the man and used her money in a horse race and on everything! Charlie's sadness in this regard is a dream about hell and devil going! Charlie wakes up and finds that Ann may have gone! She had to forgive her about her wallet and leave her a pocket for the invited inviter for breakfast! Charlie asks Marie to go with him and she is dealing with a serious illness, but the rats trying to feed King Gator will escape their escape! Soon the carfire looks up and captures On Mary. He wants to sink her, but Charlie calls to the rescue and calls on the king Gator who eats Carrface. Charlie has timed and he needs to die again. With the help of other dogs, An Marie took it in the itch and finds them the couple who come with them to the unmarried Mary. They were on time to save Mary, but it was too late to save Charlie's time! He takes over Charlie to his strenuous effort to save Mary, but before he enters, he goes to Anne and asks her to take care of Itchi. She said yes, Charlie loves her and loves her! Charlie enters Heaven, go to all Dogs Heaven! Dan Bluth, filled with amazing animation, characters and stories, proved he was a good animator! This movie was released the same year The Little Mermaid which is my favorite Disney movie that is very bad! In 1989 I came before the year of their birth together! I guess they would have to call them both 1989's best animated features! 10 out of 10!
