First of all, 'St. Ives' film is based on the same name by Robert Lewis Stevenson based on the story, but it is not the only time to criticize. While the original novel was incomplete at the death of the author, and it was different from Stevenson's originality, it brought us some fascinating characters in the life of filmmakers, giving it a free expression and ending, I said, 1813: Capitaine Jacques de Kéroual De Saint-Yves, serving as a houser in Napoleon's army, is a Breton lord of the orphanage by the guillotine of the revolution Hours, is. At about 30 in the evening, Husseer was "black" and he was just "two" when he was 34. Sure, when he faced a string of challenges to duels, our active hero was in danger, but his colonel gave him a way to get out of duels with a surreal mysterious and a cute whore / singer's bed. Unfortunately, it also leads to the loss of his commission ... the British take him to prison and be sent to a POW camp in the Scottish castle. <br /> <br /> When painting toys and boxes, Jacques has attracted the attention of Miss Susan Gilchrist's young niece Flora, a lovely world woman living in Swanston Cottage. They fell in love, and most of the story helps Jacques escape and help his migrant grandfather find an old comte. However, there is a problem. Jackie's elder brother, Alain, is a drink alcoholic, perhaps - meaning - grandparent is very proud when removing him before the whole house, Jacques is very instant ... cue hypocrisy! There is also a romantic entertaining subtitle between the Ottoman Empire and the awkward, innocent but good-minded Major Ferruher Chevensing and Aunt Susan, who is a Turks prisoner. My surname for the heroes, 'will allow a natural mischief in favor of any film that shares the saint. Ives' magic! It combines amazingly swashbuckling trimmings, a balloon flight, comedy and romantic adventure. Fairbanks, Coleman, Flynn & Co - I would recommend anyone who loves 'the kind of film they do not produce anymore.' Acting is amazing. Anna Friel Flora makes a enthusiastic and appealing heroine, and Jean Marc Bar Jacques, is a genuine loveable hero who is delighted. Miranda Richardson and Richard E Grant already has great favorites of mine, and Susan and Farcur leads to their relationships as comic compost. Rocky, the scheme, but ultimately tragic Alain, as Jason Isaacs has shown, he recently done in 'The Patriot', he has a classic Swashbuckling style, dashing is good! <br /> <br /> Who is the hero in this movie? <br /> <br /> My main criticism with cinematic anxiety settings and costumes. In the book, Jacques is a prisoner in the palace apparently Edinburgh, but portrayed in Ireland, Germany and France, allowing him to retain the names of places like Swanston, Inverex and Queensfire, which is martyr. Clothes also have a true hatch-stretch from 1780, until it is set. Although it did not "make" more down-market roles, it was well-remembered for women, such as the heroes who wore 1780 gowns in 1813. Apparently, the costume style is æsthetic: these previous styles are visually appealing and elegant than Regency styles, and they work in the film's finest world. Overall, 'St. Ives' 90 minutes pure pleasure.
