A Denzel Washington appearance - knowing what you expect from quality, integrity, gravity, curly humor - will prepare you what you think from the beginning of his direction. Robert De Niro's A Bronx Tale, Antwerp Fisher, provides a young man's life-moving play and the effects of key people in his life. A Bronx Tale de Niro played the role in the lead role (born to play himself but was too old) to play the role of father in the Washington title role - the role he wanted to play for Washington from 20 years ago. Be thankful Washington Antweran is too old to play because he is the first to wonderfully measure and lose his fleet of intelligence, as the Navy councellor. But more importantly we can not see the spectacular, we hope only making the star, turn in the lead role from Derek Luke. The role is inevitably characterized by Washington's shape, but Washington is not just trying to copy it, but it is not simply because Luca is thought to be a real force and an actor in Washington. It took a long time for the Washington Academy Award for McCorm X, Philadelphia, Devil in the Blue Blue and Hurricane, and let's hope that Luke will not wait long. Fisher's girlfriend is also a great part of Joy Bryant acting as Cherry. Although this episode is an unforgettable support or a classic 'girlfriend' character, Bryant has brought it to life. Tender and brilliant character exceeds stereotyping when Bryant lives, and makes her part more important and interesting. This is probably the most attractive woman that Bryant will see in this year's celluloid - one smile is one of the coolest heart melts. Acting ability and looks - not why this lady is now being made. Good support in Sally Richardson's role as Washington's wife Berta. Speaking with more silence or many more than many Hollywood actresses, she can perform in the entire film, telling the entire storyline audience before any interpretation occurs. For Washington's directing, as I have mentioned, this is equivalent to his performance. This is the hardest thing that Washington achieved with Abbambam when it comes to some audience audience story. This movie is not taken or performed, but it is neither slow nor stupid. It is measured and active when it comes to humor and drama. Fisher may not wake you away from those who like the big, explosive, hypocritical Hollywood films, but congratulating the better part of the good design and the well-designed character, for you.
