This film based on a true story, first came from director and longtime actor Denzel Washington. Delgel was a black soldier in the civil war of the Washington Glory and gave the best performances of last decade as a lawyer in acclaimed Philadelphia. Denzel Washington became the first African American to receive the Best Actor Award, when he won the Academy Award for Best Actor in Training Day. I think he wanted to change the Denzel Pace, so he chose to play Anthaven Fisher, in which he also starred. Fisher was filmed newly on Derek Luke's silver screen, but did guest appearances on television shows as Queen's King and appeared in the upcoming film of the biker boyz. This is a really good movie from Denzel Washington, which is his first directing. Undoubtedly, Denzel experienced some form of commitment and believed in Anne Fisher's real life story. Finish fights constantly about a young African American man in the navy, and after a special confrontation he was sent to see the navy psychiatrist Jerome Davenport by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Andton with his complicated past and learning to move in his life. This film is good because it's not overly dramatic. I expect something a little more like Good Will Hunting, swearing, fighting and obscenity. I do not like Good Will Hunting, or the film's swearing, fighting and obscenity. Fairly opposite! However, Anthon Fisher is a real story, and does not think Washington wanted to sensationalize the story for dramatic effect on the film. Do not make me wrong, we see moments like Anthon's fighting and there are moments like dragging the world on it. After all, in the role played by Washington as his psychiatrist, Devenport asks Fisher to be born, and Fisher's reaction comes from a rock bottom, a clear jab that faced pressure on Anton Fischer's soul. But I realized that this film was not a dramatic effect. I have shown true stories to help Denzel Washington's realistic role to provide more realistic story and avoid the usual simple clocks in Hollywood films. Another point I want to bring about Anthon Fisher is acting. Most of all, the performances in the film are good but not great. At times, the main characters seem to be a bit clear to actors, but overall, it is ridiculous to complain about acting in the film. An actress who I want to show in this movie is Victoria Davis. She plays Antwow's mother's role, but says only two sentences in the film, but it is not long before her film is visible because her long-lost son, Anthon, has found her. I want to say she is an actress because I'm not using her. She is primarily a character actress, and she does not see any really wider roles. She appeared in traffic, out of site, Kate & Leopold, and recently two films: Far from Heaven and Solaris. In the remake of Steven Soderbergh of Solaris, she played a scientist role on a strange spacecraft on a planet orbit. In the film, she faces George Clooney's role and she is filmed with tears in what Clooney tells her in a particular scene. When I first saw solaris, I remembered seeing her tears in the scene and thought, Wow, this woman could work. This is where you feel the grief of the character. In her short shot of the face, she gave her very expressive and I honestly felt very sorry for her character's sadness and trouble in the film. I have a definite probability of her acting and should be used more often than not as a character driven actress. However, Anton Fischer is a good film. Denzel Washington, as always, pulls a great performance and he is a great director. Also, Derek Luke is a very talented actor. I think Anton Fischer brings fame to his immense reputation for his role as the troubled man, but I think Laurence will grow his popularity with the release of the biker boyz featuring Fishburn. Anthon Fisher, based on 'Finding Fish: A Memoir'. ***
