Steve Gordon wrote and directed. Run time: 97 minutes. <br /> <br /> This is a genre of philosophy of the decade. It won the Academy Award Sir John Gielgad. It was also featured on VH1's "I Love Love the 80", which looks just as good as it did on the early release.At Arthur is a well-known comedy classic who appreciated a drunken Millionaire (he was enthusiastic and audible by Dudley Moore for Oscar-nominated acting) He must choose between a woman he loves and a grown-up life S a big cliché, however, intelligent conversation and hilarious comics of the Convention about the combination of nothing. Arthur Bach is essentially a manipulative jerk than not, but you have to be able to like, but do not like it. Especially as he lines when it offers, "You want me to want to have nothing to do? I know that! "He is also a character from the Hero of the Arctic: Hero, like the richest characters looking on the silver screen, he is not ashamed of being dirty.In a scene, one man asked," Do you think that's all that money? " "Moore replies to such a charm and charm for a character who hates his audience. Gailgood is perfect as a proud servant and speaks to his owner who is deeply satisfied about his salary depending on him: one of the movies that Arthur does not try to be spectacular or unusual: it just comes naturally.The Screenplay - Accepted from the Academy - was satisfied with the standard laugh-loud conversation Equal to poker buddies There are many comics that try to dip into play, including some of the lead actor (including Crypty Old Men's Two), including death or illness, but some we do not care because it carries off because it's kind of cinematic . When the film makes a dubious decision to hit the butler, it actually works because we really love these people. Why see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is an all around, but guilty pleasure. <br /> <br /> When the films became more intense, they knew that they wanted to go to movies and have a good time. <br /> **** - Classic
