Sunday, July 16th, 8:00 pm The Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> "Your make-up is very modern in southern Colonel" <br /> <br /> Hollywood's immersion gossips sling over the years of Marion Davis's direction a little mud more. She is often credited with her fame and is baseless. If she often takes into consideration the dramatic plays, this criticism seems to be a little valid. As a comedian, her star shone brightly. She competed to Mabel Normand on the left to pick a career in light comedy and slapstick. One of her best television shows was the King Withers Show People (1928), which is well-known and is well-known for starring MGM star comos. This joyous coincidence must be sure what is sure to be the best of its two stars, Davis and sensational Joe College-critic William Hines. It was based on the life of the Shott People Gloria Swanson, starting with Senate comedy films, for great drama (and not everybody else's reminder of his life!) Van Stroehm, Walsh and Demille. Incidentally, the comedy studios used in the film left Keystone the year before the original movements (think of those who worked there!). Colonel Marmuduque Endefy Pepper (Dell Henderson) drives his daughter Peggi (Davis) from Georgia to Hollywood for films. Billy Boone (Haynes), which is not a hack for the two countries, "Artist on a Custard?" Who is an outrageous funny entry (see for bit with noodle) will descend in their cafeteria chart, and then Peggy land will be a part of his next movie. The high drama turns into scribble, but the job is the job and Billy convinces him "Does all stars need to take over the beard?" At the preview, into Billy and Peggy Bump ?? Charlie Chaplin, she asks for her autograph! She pushes slightly to the other side and frightens Billy's book and makes her sign. Chaplin climbed in his car and told Billy Peggi, she was naturally, she was subtle. It's very funny, Davis is not supposed to identify this guy considering the role! Peggy will soon go to work at High Art Studios, where her name changes to 'Patricia Pepore' and leaves the poor Billy back. Davis performs a magnificent actress's make-up of beauty, all unwanted eyelashes and quivering lips. Vodor Palli Moran (who also plays sensational funny Davis maiden), Loel Parsons (eating lunch in a long tracking shot (and they're all sitting on the shoulder sitting on the shoulder!) Carl Dane's comedy duo (his hand in a sling) and George K. Arthur (as he was stolen by silver), Letraise Joy (worried by Arthur's antics), Rena (Eaueww!) Talmadge (usually frustrated and alert), Audrey, Rod (eating and smoking), La Rocque, May Murray, And Patricia wearing Mary Antoinette, Douglas Fairbanks (as he is a fun trick) and  ిలియం ఎస్. హార్ట్ (డౌగ్ నుండి ఆమెను కాపాడటం) మధ్య ఇరుక్కున్నాడు. హాస్య బృందం వారి చిత్రీకరణను ఊహించని నట్టి ఫలితాలతో కలవరపెట్టినప్పుడు బిల్లీ హై ఆర్ట్ సిబ్బందిలో నడుస్తుంది. పెగ్గి యొక్క ప్రస్తుత ఉత్పత్తి డైరెక్టర్గా కూడా ఫైనల్ సన్నివేశంలో విడోర్ కూడా పనిచేస్తాడు. Pergie was unable to cry for his screen test and she could not stop her once, and Harry Griffon was a comedy director as Eddie Sedgwick, a dramatic director of Sydney Brassie, with Paul Raul. Andre, her dramatic love interest and a hilarious cunning. <br /> <br /> While this is true, even though the hokey of the public is sarcastic, she seeks her character 'Day', and Davis is waving all the horrible drama. For ten years 'Good Ol Days' is a very exciting example from MGM, Irving Thalberg and the quality of their abundant wealth. How much shame has gone too far. In the same year, Patsy (1928), there are many examples of great films like Vidore and Davis's most successful comedy, at the same time they can be seen and enjoyed.
