In the last few months, I have collected Voyager Seasons from DVD to DVD from 4 to 7 (Case is my favorite character because I had only 1 to video in the video before) and finally reached. When I first saw them on TV here in the UK, I saw them but I forgot them too much. I am satisfied with the ending? I think. Naturally, when I came home, I learned more about what happened to the characters when they came home, but it remains to our imagination. In many ways "End Game" Next Jan's "All the Good Things ??" The involvement of the future staff, but mainly the captain. A new love beginning in the final (where Troy and Warf and seven Nine and Chakotai are in the next generation), which causes death in the future. I did justice to all the characters that I really love the "endgame", but Neilix left the ship two episodes in advance. Blaena gives birth to her daughter, a loving husband Tom. Thuvoch is sick and returns home after he is cured. Harry is always very eager and determined, but the journey is very important. The doctor, in the future, all well respect and finally name Joe chooses! But in reality the captain has a bigger role, who wants to meet his future self and prevent the person who had previously been killed. Borg participated because Voyager has played a large part in this period. Alice Craig again plays the role of Borg Queen, her voice and acting method is simply amazing. I'm sorry for Susanna Thomson, the Queen of TV Borg, who was replaced by Borg Queen. Perhaps she is not available though. Special effects are amazing, the Borg sub space hub and Borg queen are different! It's a long time. They stated that when they came out of the Bourse Subs Corridor and they said they would have to go to a corridor that lead to Delta Quadrant, their position was the right place. And the Trojan horse is a wonderful idea to get what they want inside a Borg sphere for security on the DVD specifications they say. Voyager continued. If they were more popular, they had their home with their original idea of ​​the ship, as it was just like Harry's speech and his wife and child. <br /> <br /> Overall, Voyager hit a bit and miss. The sixth season is a good one and it's better than that. Two parts set in the holographic Irish village are terrible! Nine seven have taken my understanding of her, she turns around all around, this is not true. When she first saw her, Season 4 focused on her many episodes, but it also came out after that. And her character is gradually ingenious, as a Borg drone for 20 years gradually rediscovering her humanity. I'm particularly "overwow over," "impression," and "human error." When Naomi Wildman scared her, she often became her friend, which was lovely. Chakote is my favorite character. Chemistry with Javier (they / they do not?) And he never thinks he is the first officer, he takes a long time back. I liked watching Tom and Blanna's relationship against the inequality. I always loved Neelix. Twock was good at times, especially when his logic was lost, emotionally and friendly with Neilis. Harry is sometimes annoying at times but okay at other times. The doctor is probably my favorite, how much he has seen and comedy situations he has created ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is amazing!). Janeway is my favorite captain of any series and you can let Kate Mulgrew really enjoy. <br /> I love Voyager.
