So, there is no chance of winning at least one film, box office success every year, as soon as a normal shot is shot, everyone is picking up on this film ... The longest list of these films is that, in the end, some really bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their disadvantages but are very enjoyable (Catwoman (2004), Electra (2005) And then some people are really great, but no one will agree! I mean, a broader group every year they want to have a victim, and all those who have to join. So yeaaah, maybe those movies are not perfect, but om, how many movies? Each movie is a new Lord of the Rings! Everyone will enjoy these movies, but there are more people than they are willing to do. Oscar-worthy, but with some good twists all the thrillers are definitely not mute, Swap Away (2002), I thought it was just silly funny, Color of Night (1994) Hudson Hawk (1991) Some really memorable lines were great fun and bad "BennyFar" - A Beautiful Romance, Gigli (2003), which is not cast at all from Kaul, is a great romance, and this year it is "Basic Instinct 2 "! Well, when I hear the rumors of one sequel in my favorite films, I'm very sensitive, and I really liked Sharon Stone, until I finally saw this movie. And really, I was very surprised by it! Why not such a bad press and why it's such a bad voting? It is a very clever story which does not copy the original, tension, action, humor and absolutely amazing role played by Sharon Stone her life! At age 47, she is more than 20 years old, but she looks beautiful and looks beautiful, looks beautiful, her famous smile, she speaks and moves ... She is the first frame in you that can not take your eyes from her. It's just a pleasure to see her as Katherine Tramell, and all of the other actors deliver solid performances! So I can not really see what's wrong with this film ... It's a dark, thrilling, sexy and sunny look, strong performances, and you're never bored! Perhaps the story is not an Oscar-caliber, but it always tries! It's a fun movie, and this is definitely in my opinion by standard! So try it!
