Finally, after years of waiting for a new image to continue sexual turbulence of "Basic Instinct", we have given a great sequel that is packed with the right elements that are necessary for the franchise like this! I must remember what I really mean, steam, romance, sex, interrogation, music (by Master Jerry Goldsmith) and everything from violent and murders to serious confusion! There is no wrong, "Basic Instinct" is a true winner for the audience everywhere. I remember in 2001 when we gave news about such a sequel. Five years later, we have it. I never thought I should end this end. It was announced a fallen project, not to mention the time if it was a real opportunity to start. Well, I know that we have something in any case now. Although there is no original director or writer, all we need is attractive, always reliable, Sharon Stone, and we have a full deal! <br /> When people say this film is bad, the style is intense, and I feel that it has only a little time. I used the term "dated" because I did not see a particular image as in many years, and the viewers actually seemed to be boring heroes, meaning they appear in other films that make money, and they are only family friendly because such a large number of movies are family friendly. Who needs a hole and clean up? It's actually a fun thing, but not more! Espipip is rare nowadays and "Basic Instinct 2" offers real fans who are waiting for us. The film is not an Academy Award winner, or try it. It just delivers Die Hard fans what they are expecting. It's an image for fun. Today's movies seem to be very serious, but this film is just loose and fun, but not too tight. <br /> <br /> The film is a fast-paced first-hand film, featuring Katherine Tremel at a speed of 110 MPH. . Perhaps not sex and driving mixture, because our sexy novelist takes a bad turn and ... well, she is upbuilding, but her active partner is not very good. Once again, the primary suspect of the trimel accident, and the analyst and psychiatrists will be placed under. Dr. Michael Glass (Morissy) will automatically draw her from the first moment she meets her. Like another criminal investigator before him, he was immortal, slow, and surely attracted. When she refuses all of it, she will continue to wander around her. Because she has the power. The tremel is now more dangerous than it was before, but the first thing we can never really know, why? <br /> <br /> The film will not be originally recycled, but will briefly describe the events of previous films. . This is a good thing. This tells us that it is written to bring a script or two levels to the audience. Sharon Stone is 14 years old again and we will tell you again. The fraudulent novelist is her second run correctly. Just awesome! David Morrissey is well cast, and pretty cool. The fact that the unpopular actor is chosen, is more enjoyable for his performance, as we do not have any progress as a viewer, because we see him. My last thought is from -8.5 to 9 out of 10. So it's not the first, or it can live up to the prize-winning place. It is, however, set the first film set standards, and it does folks! It does.
