I always hated all the kids sitting by music. I never understood why people would break into such a song and I was very young to congratulate all of artistry (choreography, set design, clothes, hanging). Carol Reid's "Oliver!" I'm one of the darkest and maybe it's a music reminiscent of a child as a child because Dickensian Squawar's body is perfectly drenched. Although it is a musical, and scenery and set of forms in the Victorian London life, the way of life is dark and true, people are bizarre enough to break such ridiculous songs between their difficulties. In a recent view, my first since childhood, I've had some new ideas and insights, why this musical "works" violate the song's way and why not just do it. <br /> <br /> When the music works or when you say something really, you know their own characteristic courage. Larz von Trier's "Dancer in the Dark" was tragic and opera and when it joined, it worked as a musical because music numbers were speculative products of immigrants stirring Hollywood music. Similarly, the most cynical and delightful "Chicago" has worked at this level, because music numbers are a manned wit a singer / dancer's products. They are very proud of their own musical-instinct ("Moulin Rouge") or nothing (ie, nonsense like "Mary Papins"). "Oliver!" For the first time an adult, I saw it in a new light. From the young Oliver perspective, I have met with musical numbers like the products of his childhood imagination and the horrors of life of Ghetto around him. Nancy is one of the best musical numbers available to everyone about the pleasure of signing and drinking all of Nathan and everyone (such as a cover to help the poor Oliver escape from the clutches of Bad Bill Sykes). It is not possible to refute and is like a real pub tune that began to sing around a piano. There are other great and conservative tunes to listen to and the direction and acting that lead to the dance exposure are all top notch. <br /> <br /> Still, Nancy is not happy with all its intolerance (even though it is happy, and even a pick-pocket is a good ending for Fagin or cheat, Eyebrow closing tune) I can not really classify this family image, I'm seven or eight years old The child does not feel it showing up in the child makes no harm. This is a tough story about trying to survive in the unfortunate orphaned streets and try to find some pleasure. I think it's very interesting to see a modern update, perhaps a revisionist, and the people in Compton streets are happy with their horrible lives. I'm "Oliver!" I want to see the hard-headed hip-hop version. I always thought Dickens would translate well into that. As it seems, "Oliver!" Perhaps probably the last of the great movie musicals and perhaps the g-rated movie I've ever seen.
