Great cinematic musicals were made between 1950 and 1970. This twenty-year spelling can label the "Golden Era" of the genre correctly. There were music before, and there were music ... but at that time the real classic seemed consistent. Sing in the Rain, An American in Paris, The Band Wagon, Seven Brides for Seven Brothers, Oklahoma, South Pacific, The King and I, and many more valuable products. Perhaps the last great musical of the "Golden Era" is Carol Reid's 1968 "Oliver". Dickens has been adopted independently from the novel, and this enthusiastic music is the film version of successful theatrical production. <br /> <br /> Orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives in a painful existence in a workplace and dies in moments after his mother gave birth to him. After one event a meal, he will end the job at the boot and funeral parlor from the couchouse. But Oliver escapes after his new job, especially after some troubled days. He travels long in London seeking his luck. Oliver has been picked up under the Child Pick Pocket Wing called Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), who is the oldest of Fagin (Ron Moody), a kid-stranger gang. Despite the unlawful nature of the job, Oliver found good friends in his new "family". He also introduces Billy Six (Oliver Reed), Nancy (Shani Vallis), one of the most cruel and most frightened girlfriends of them. After several adventures, Oliver finds his true ancestors and realizes that he is in the background that he can do great and good. <br /> <br /> Billy Six is ​​forced to rob Oliver in order to reunite his real family with some of the most dangerous and prestigious exploits. <br /> <br /> "Oliver" is a continuously pleasant eye and a talented cast. Moody recreates his stage role with considerable consideration, stealing the film with his powerful performance as Fingin. Lester and Wild did well for young picots, Wallis enthusiastically excites Nancy's character and created a real misfortune as Reed Syux. Musical numbers are displayed with spectacular views and visibility - Osa White's Oscar-winning choreography song and dance set pieces are very memorable, but Carrie Reid's inspiring directors and talented Carroll Reid also play their part. Memorable tunes "Food Glorious Food", "Yourself to", "You've to Pick a Pocket or Two", "I'm Do Anything" and "Om-Pah-Pah" - all overwhelming impressive songs, very well through scenes. The film is totally entertaining and it really boosted the overall 153-minute period. Sit and enjoy!
