Almost done very well ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" are entertaining, the solidity of popcorn-entertainment with a budget that is less intact than exclusive effects. And clearly "spectacular" from "Dusk til don". "Vampires: Las Moorottoos" is a rock star star Jon Bon Jovi made the same effort as one of the lead roles, but did very well ...: I did not see Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other movie that he could not match his other roles in "Vampires: Las Murtos" But I really have overcome my good performance. After watching the film he did not expect to hold any guitar and did not expect it to play "my life" or something, but killing vampires, doing nothing and doing things to do.A part of the audience is probably thinking because "... a rockstar because ..." Bon Jovi of course is not James Woods but to be honest: it may be a lot worse, and my Bon Jovi has done a good performance in the Vampire Part 1, played by Ari-Joe's Vampire Part 1, not a killer-machine dresser (or "Ghosts of Mars"), the Jumper Vampire plays very sexy and very sexy, as the cat calls As rapidly as possible, the light is wearing almost exclusively transparently with a very romantic cloth  ు ఆమె కదలికకు మద్దతునిచ్చే ఆప్టికల్ ఎఫెక్ట్స్ బాగా చేశాయి. ఇది నిజంగా కొట్టడాన్ని తీసుకుంటుంది. కానీ ఈ చిత్రంలోని కొన్ని భాగాలలో దర్శకుడు ముర్నో యొక్క "నోస్ఫెరాటు" వంటి సన్నిహిత భయానక చిత్రంగా చర్య-హర్రర్ ఫిల్మ్ నుండి సినిమాని తప్పించడం మాత్రమే. You can see the director's temptation to create a very personal note and original images for the original director. The film's real strength and at the same time is its weakest point: the first film fun-bloodbath celebrating audience may expect a pure fun bloodbath for a second time and may be a little disappointing. No mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is a fun-bloodbath but it is not the time this kind of movie. Just think about the massacre compared to the scene where Joe is trying to get to the vampire ruins: Bar-Massacre You expect from American popcorn-entertainment, Seduing-joy-in-the-ruins scenery eurozone cinema (with the interest to say more about the relationship between Joe and the Vampire There is, but at the same time rejects answers that slow down the action  గా చేస్తుంది ఎందుకంటే ప్రేక్షకులను ఒక గతంతో , ఒక ఇప్పుడు బాధ జీవి మరియు కేవలం ఎవరైనా మృతదేహం ఇది ఒక మృగం మాత్రమే). It determines whether the film is accepted by the original audience. And also: "From Dunn Til Don" - the audience really like this? I'm not sure about it. Tommy Lee Wallace really did a great job, "Vampires: Los Mutus" is surprisingly good. But I think it's also directed by Wallace's sequel to a popcorn film is very expressive, sometimes very creative. He preserves himself without improving his talent to satisfy audience expectations. In my opinion, Wallace fills the film with the film and sometimes it absorbs it at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is almost done well. (I ended up with 10 of 7)
