"Creep" is a new horror film, without any doubt, to most genre fans, which is pointless and unfavorable! It has many genuine shock-moments, a whole lot more repetitive gore-sequences and rare claustrophobic tension. It was not enough for logic and a great plot, but to tell me the truth, I did not bother me for a second. While opening the final credits does not answer many questions that can not be considered yet, but the director / writer Christopher Smith (in his debut) wishes to focus entirely on the long-term, witty speeches and theories on tension and adrenaline-rushing actions, explaining the existence of "creep" in the London subway. The story of young and proud Kate revolves around the actor George Clooney in the town to perform his new film and leave his own party to meet. She sleeps in the subway, finds that the last train is missed and trapped in her underground subway network. Things get really terrifying when she gets into a mad-raving lunatic that lives in ancient tunnels and kills / experiments people. Experienced homeless people, security forces or slum workers can not even save her from this raven monster! I really dug the role of creep! He is frustrating, bizarre and oldest but fascinating way of fascinating. Christopher Smith has only given us credentials and instructions, and it is just a viewer to assess the origin and background of this vile creature. I felt that I was not very original and many people did not appreciate the content, but I forgot Smith and I think it was better for me to go up the way, "Zipper's Crepes" - a particularly distinctive feature film, but the creeper's identity became apparent, but it became a terrific attempt ). The obvious factor-love-love gore is gore! This is a very intense butchering in the film and make-up, as well as sound effects, are quite convincing. The ominous setting of the prohibited London subway during the night is effectively used. Franka Potenta (Run Lola Run), which also has some acting-talent, reaching the graphic horror almost five years after the cold German film "Anatomy". Creep's amazing entertainment and Christopher Smith is definitely the director I'll keep an eye on when you're in an undemanding mood. Make sure you do not take the subway after seeing this movie ...
