Ah, McBain ?? The character's name is alive and forever ridiculous "The Simpsons" but is it always ?? Personally, at least? The awesome entertaining and worse violent name and title of the 90th action movie; We had a cool dude directed by "The Exodemator", and eventually featured many badmus B-movie heroes Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (second with a small little macho ponytail). I guess I would have to find a mockery of "Macbay" more often, because I can persuade anyone who has this intellectual film. The film is unpredictable innocent (most action heroes take a small gangster pos? Macbain takes the whole country) and still takes the path very seriously. This script is a non stop and inappropriate asteroid of cliché situations, involuntary turns, constrained sentimental interludes, extensive action sequences, and absolutely unsustainable character drawings. This is a completely enthusiastic picture. I liked it. <br /> <br /> Vietnam POW Macbain's life is defended by fellow soldier Roberto Santos on the last day of the war. Each of them marked a half-dollar mark as Sant'Abbans' loan with Mc Bain. Eighteen years later, Santos is a zealous revolt in the home of Columbia's corrupt president. Santos failed to initiate the initial effort and he publicly run on the president's balcony of El. His sister goes to New York with Dollar Note and turns to McBain for financial assistance and human resources. McCain and his former Vietnam buddies, this coincidentally bored with the injustice of the world, have themselves taken to a nasty mobility and could be able to make a bumpy-donkey to Columbia. <br /> <br /> Okay, do not kiss each other here. Even if you read a user comment on "McCain", you can indicate that you are interested in a low-budget B-movie action. One of my fellow reviewers spent a short time list of all the major disappointing and unforeseen moments of "McBain". This list is absolutely accurate and I agree with it. Heck, I've also been able to add more realistic scenes to that list (such as mission's mission and the unwanted and unwanted heroic self-sacrifice of any unrelated soldier in the Macbain team), but point? You know that you do not exactly imagine a 100% coherent and acceptable masterpiece. We know this beforehand, it's a silly and exaggerated gag icon and can even be a good reason to check it out! This is a horrific and exciting movie about some members of former Vietnam buddies and a group that announced war against the Colombian president and national drug cartel. Do not expect another "Apocalypse Now". This particular film depicts the ruff's tough acting performances of macho leads, the amount of explosions and pistols? Last but not least, Jon Baez sang the cover of "Brothers in Arms" in an amazing soundtrack.
