Based on Rebecca West's novel, I saw the 1988 film Return of the Soldier. He returned to the British mud about a shell-shocked forty captain who did not tell his wife, but stayed in hospital in London. He missed memory and he was again a boy with a temporary yen for the lower class girlfriend 25 years ago. Its sensitive story. He stayed in his childhood, but the reader could not afford his wife, and he was an enthusiastic socialite who wanted to restart his position in society. His cousin Jenny, Chris Bald, who lives with them, loves the soldier, as they grow up as players, but settles in a spinstrode. Margaret Gray, a lower-class female, played by Glenda Jackson. She knew Chris was back in England. Kris is surprised when Ms. Gray told her that Kitty was in a London hospital in London. Kitty (Julie Christie) Wax and Snobbish. Why, she asks herself, was this other woman sent a telegram about Chris than she was? Chris Kitty completely forgot about it. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. Margaret, now married, does not want to meet him, but then continues to meet him. A psychiatrist (Ian Holm) warned Kitty and Jenny that Chris's temporary joy with Margaret would make him 'healed' if he disappeared. Empty Kitty learns how Chris is for him and increases a secret love by Margaret. They both are in love with him. Jenny wants to help. Late Chris and the boy who died five years ago revealed the film. Chris is saying these words and is falling down, certainly taking him to the "normal" state. But is this a good idea? Chris knows that he and Kitty are always married, not knowing the death of his child and child. The psychiatrist believes that just learning the child, such knowledge has revived Chris. Jenny and Margaret have Chris all because Kitty believes he is a fake and refused to change Chris's illness into his youth in his forties. <br /> <br /> The film is also good for the film, but the film stars Jenny and Margaret. They believe in Chris from their particular perspectives. Margaret is so complex here, though, even though she is married, she again fell in love with Chris. Jenny's social multiplication, Jenny believes, Chris is threatened if she is not right. She did not reveal this to Margaret. Margaret decides, looking forward, Chris can not continue his fantasy over time, but come back as a real life. Even though Kitty and Jenny appear from the window of the house, Margaret gets to Chris outside and tells him about his lost son. The head of the floating war victim's sinks, his shoulders retreat, he seems far away. He walked dejectedly towards the house. <br /> <br /> I've read some criticisms of Rebecca West's first novel. The novel was written after the first war. This film is not very clear who is Jenny, his cousin or his sister. If she is her sister, it is very exciting. The criticism is not clear. I'm sure in his novel, certainly Jenny is not her cousin, her sister. West Henry Miller or An Anne Nine, I thought I was educated, but then decided against it, whose book Incest (I had her relationship with her father as a child she was also getting herself for molesting herself as a child). Rebecca needs to revive the author Chris. Her first novel in her novel for the Society is excited but finally meets once again.
