'The Store Around The Corner (1940)' A Pleasant Romantic Comedy Film, I loved it until the end of my days, but its image was worthy of reputation. By 1940, director Ernest Lubitz hailed Hollywood a long time ago, and his famous "lubitch touch" became a blinking commercial trademark. The film was scheduled for release in 1939, but James Stewart and Margaret Salavan were not available for filming due to schedule scheduling. Apart from substitution in his mainstream actors, Lubbitch decided to postpone the structure, when Gerrit Garbo was directing Nionatka (1939). Upon completion, 'The Shop at the Corner' received a relatively apathetic reception by receiving sensitive Oscar nominations despite excellent performances in the supporting role of Samson Raffleson's excellent screenplay and its two leaders and a supporting role from Frank Morgan. Time, however, betrayed the film's huge and lasting impact, including high-profile reconstructions including 'The Summer Summer Time Time (1949)' and 'You've Got Mail (1998). <br /> You can imagine a car around the store to be the story of Clara Novak (Sullivan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart), two lovers who love each other without knowing one another. However, the lubitch film runs far deeper. This is the story of Matthewscheck and Company, a beautiful gift shop in Budapest, and various human relationships that are close to such a shop. When the store owner Hugo Matuscheck (Frank Morgan) suspects his oldest employee who has a relationship with his wife, both of them see the fall of the two families at home and work. Is there any reason why the story was not set in the United States? Maybe in the streets of New York Blasting ?? But Lubitz was deliberately restoring memories of love and life in his former years in Europe, with memories of memory, memory and bloodshed every memorial. This subtle subtext image brings a more meaningful, personal touch ?? <br /> <br /> I also started to congratulate this story for writing this review. <br /> <br /> Salavan and Stewart are lovely in their roles, but I do the movie. Each character brings a distinctive personality to the mix, and their interaction is always reliable and enjoyable. In any other film, Lubitsch has given us much of our sympathy towards Hugo Matthews, who is restricted to a booming, two-dimensional image. Although Mathewscheck loses his family's love, he reclaims it in the love of his employees, in the cold winter of a Christmas Eve blizzard, when he finds a coexistence in a small little facet, the boy (Charles Smith). For example, just like many of Billy Wilder's creations, this true warmth is the real warmth of 'The Fortune Cookie (1966)' or Avanti! In Boom Boom Jackson in Carlo Carlake in 1972. "But it really does not need to be said, but Billy Wilder learned the best.
