Corner is one of the sweetest and most sensitive romantic comedies ever made around the shop. Not just to get around that, and in fact the words are difficult to put a feeling for this film. It's not one of those movies that tries too hard, nor does it come with extraordinary possible scenes to get two protagonists together at the end. In fact, all its charm is underlying, in which characters and arrangement and plots ... it's the most reliable boot. Such a love story, as you've always said, * will happen to you ... the feeling you do not get from other romantic comedies, but they are sweet and heartfelt. <br /> <br /> When Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Salavan) came to her shop (Mattuscheck & Co.), the first meeting was not the most sacred. For nine years, asking for a job. At the very beginning, they are mostly in a cigarette box playing music when they start - he thinks it is a ridiculous idea; She makes a big deal and takes a rental. When they fall in love with the letters sent by the PO Box 237 to their souls and minds, they both take their frustration for the next six months. It's a beautiful thin plot with a fantastic cast of characters from the hugo mutuschek (Frank Morgan) who is completely alone to discover his shop, but his home; Pirovitch (Felix Brescart), the cereal and friend of Cralek, always leaves the room when he is faced with an opportunity to ask for his honest opinion; The delicate pimp-du-jour wadas (Joseph Schildrakrut) will ultimately receive his guard from his majestic righteous Craulk; And the enthusiastic bad boy Peppy Katona (William Tracy) did not want anything more than to promote the location of the clerk for Matthewskek & Co. The unpretentious love story between 'Dear Friends' Hungary is in this small shop, Budapest, which will be accompanied by two lovebirds-the next promotion of Kralik's removal and the manager's store. It is good that everyone will get a story in this movie; Supporting characters are well developed, and Mathewsch's own journey in life is almost like Alfred and Clara's share. His invitation to the new office boy Rudy (Charles Smith) for the Christmas Eve dinner in the Hungarian winter whirlpool, beautiful snow, makes him happy audiences; It is not the story of the stories we say, and its love stories have also worked. <br /> <br /> I would say that James Stewart is really one of the best ones, except from Love Story. He plays the full-length Jimmy Stewart character (c / f 'Mr Smith Goes to Washington'); In fact, the Alfred crash is prickly and sudden and not particularly kind. In fact, Stuart is soon coming to the patent with the lovely appeal of a short-lived kid. అతను రహస్యంగా అనుగుణంగా ఉంటాడని క్లారాకు ముందు తెలుసుకున్నప్పుడు, వాస్తవానికి, క్రాలైక్ అతడిని తప్పుదారి పట్టించడు - అతను ఎంత త్వరగా చేయాలో చూస్తున్నాడో తెలుసుకోవడానికి అతను నిరీక్షిస్తాడు, ప్రత్యేకించి అతను త్వరగా తెలుసుకుంటాడు (అతని తుఫాను సంబంధం క్లారాను బాస్ మరియు అండర్లింగ్ గా పిలుస్తారు) మార్పిడి చేసుకున్న అక్షరాల ద్వారా అతను తెలిసిన వ్యక్తిని ప్రేమించే వ్య  Ti may not be equally loves him. She is very happy with her description of Clara Mitaius Popkin's Clara (what her name is!), Her growling up. She does not know all the letters. Stewart certainly plays this role - Clara completely controls her face when she often disrespect Clara when she is addicted to her face (and most importantly). And yet in accordance with a belief and professionalism, he can reveal his identity very seriously and indecisively and in the end as he does. <br /> <br /> The other members of this cast should specifically mention. Margaret Sullivan is much smaller than the first half of the film, but when she really breaks her heart through Alfred's most illustrious description of her heartfelt character, she comes into the closing shop scenes on Christmas Eve. Frank Morgan, who led the nuisance by Hugo Matthuschek's nervousness, renders his meaning back in his life, knowing that his 22-year-old's wife does not want his old age with him. And Felix Brysert plays a positive role (since Lubitsch Regular, a Lubitsch Regular, he looks like a hilarious Russian ambassador in NINOTCHKA) - especially notice he wants * really * after his good friend Alfred Christmas ... instead of that ridiculous cigarette box box clara Hanging with the cast. <br /> <br /> Ernest Lubitch is truly proud of this film - for example, the luxurious and remarkable attention to detail in the creation of the Muttusche Shop is, the Hungarian names on the door, the goods and the cash register and so on. While Hubbitch hired the story in Hungary, the setting is actually universal: anywhere; It can happen to you. There are these reliable characters who are really * individuals *. Snow is also true in Christmas Eve, or Lidditch is as original as possible to make it (he brought the ice machines at great cost). This desire to make the story look more realistic to help make the story more reliable, gives a dreamy reality that does not reflect this whole picture. <br /> It is true that Jimmy Stewart is a Christmas movie, when people talk about a great life. That's not to remove it from the greatness of the other movie, but it will not hurt, and actually very good, instead of looking at the store around this christ instead instead of the corners. It's sweet, funny, lovely, and Stewart is impeccable in his role. We all have to be very lucky for the romance of the film; The best thing about this film is that we are very much aware of it.
