<br /> <br /> "Prix de Beaute" compared to "Louis Brooks" GW Pabst, "Pandora Box" and "Dairy of a Last Girl", but in some ways, "Prix" is the quintian Brooks movie. The Dark Side of her pubist collaboration is a lovely opportunity.Pobst movies are not for music What is "Prix" In this early French film, the entire Louis Brooks Mistake is strongly influenced by a mix of film, song and music, and appears to have a very close relationship with Charleston Brooks (the first to dance in Europe), but the essence of the actress is more powerful in Tango. Later, she was the wife of jealous husband Andrei The desire for her departure is clear when she tries to reprise her reputation for a worldly existence, as the same tango record appears on her apartment record. Tango is very relevant to Brooks, a documentary about Shirley McLean's description of her life, including the documentary "Looking For Lulu". Tango's brass and compelling quality is similar to Louis Brooks's strong-headed but elegant and romantic personality. <br /> <br /> The song "Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est toi," adds a tremendous amount to a great image (but not very good). By the way, the voice of Brooks was not filmed by Edith Piaff for some claiming. Piaf was born in 1915 and was not found until 1935. The song, Brooks' s character, sung for Lucien and Andre, at the beginning of the film to express his love for him and express his love for him. In the Climax she sang for her Test Test, which focuses on producers and organizers who designed her to design her career. It follows her for the screening room, shot and killed, and after the killing husband André continues on the screen. In one shot, Louisine's dead body was rested under the screen, and sang with her screen test Andrew, a summary of images that were not entirely categorized by other images. Andre's now dead wife sings on the screen of his clock, the murder weapon is still smoker, he laughs deftly. Now she is forever, and ours through the association. <br /> Randomly, Louis Brooks crashed after the real life life "Prix de Beatty" and it also killed her final role roles. The film prints more than the Brooks Mystic Pubst movies (which is, of course, no higher films, no doubt). Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe also mention movies that create a "culture" overall idea of ​​the lives of more intensely populations after their death than ever before.
