We've seen the silent version of this movie and it's pretty beautiful. Lewis Brooks, playing a French typist, is saved for some disconcerting sequences here - the pure silent technique is very difficult to see how it created a sound version because the long words of the narrative without a single intertext shot with sweeps speak very clearly in English ... Clearly cry for sound Only Section Brooks rushes for her 'test for a sound film The last sequence is here: footage plays continuously in the background as the action unfolds, and her mouth moves in a noisy song. I was very surprised to learn later that in this version of the Takiki version alone it was appreciated as an example of this new technique! <br /> <br /> The sunny beauty of the earliest sequences and the fairy tale in the following is inevitable, the film is similar to a dream. 'Louise Brooks film' is not what I expected from the Hollywood comedians or the German melodrama of GWPabst: Brooks is another creature, a sturdy, but more than the first half of the unexpected Gives depth. Repulsed by the cluster, Rich Parasites around his beauty, Paper's princess returns to his humble-minded true love-tear-stained reunion ... and the story is out there. The fairy tale, however, turns to tragedy. The silent person who is silent in his ability to adjust the woman he desires is more correct in assessing his self-interest - young lovers can not please everybody - and André, in aesthetic competitions to disturb the social impact: After losing her reputation, Louie's self-destructive life Refused, a Ite her husband, any reminder about the whole affair and led through the forest. If it's a common case of a missed marriage, it's a matter ... but true tragedy they love each other. <br /> <br /> In many ways "Prix de Butte" me of Murnau's "sunrise". However, high-profile and photographer scenes here create a distorted mirror-image of the joyous reconciliation in "sunrise"; No dream but a reflective nightmare. And the following dawn is an incredible reunion but empty bed and punctual home. Leaving a letter to tell her that she loves and always loves him, louboutin uk, again missing from André's life from the life of brilliance and freedom; <br /> <br /> Gossip columns confirm all the André's worst crimes, as he finds his wife's places through reports that connect with Grabovsky. When the young worker finally penetrated into the scene of the screening-room, it was with a gun - Lusien, who laughed and laughed at her opponent's prayer, laughing at the single woman who laughs at her laughs. He kills herself, but when he dies, he appears in the film by Live Image, because Lucian can never see her in her evolutionary glories. Two women, such as André's appearance, unforgettable, and pulling back, are engaged in an endless, powerful moment: the dead girl and her singing is still measured and self-aware of the uncertainty of life of celluloid eternity, in the unconscious state of life. Antonin is the co-worker of André's main jarring element Okka character, other than the butt of his license to the role of the contemporary 'depravity. He never gets the girl, tensions and worries in work, and takes all with an indifferently admirable smile in his useless hope for social acceptance. In other words, most prizes and celebrities were harassed, but an audience was apparently invited to laugh along with his tormentor. If the intention does not appear on the dark side of the heroes (which I can not understand), the character appears to be funny, but comic relief with a different nasty edge. When we know him as a nonsense sponsor at Waterside, it's easy to laugh, even though it seems slightly upside down on others. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> In the past, Beauty, nightmare, and dream.
