When I read a book about Michelle Leinzin's career (written in the 1970s) first came across the film. I have seen all of his movies for many years and have found his best work really high quality. Swing hi, swing is considered one of his best of less. It did not like me, it did not impress me, Dawn kills, death takes a holiday, kit or gold urnings. <br /> <br /> When working in Paramount Laszin, he starred in the films. His counts are very common. Two films appeared in his films, but they were really rare: "Cocktails for Two" appeared in Murdar in Varieties and "Mona Lisa" Captain came from CAREY, USA, but Murdar's other winning achievements were unforgettable. "Mona Lisa" Captain Tune only in CAREY. This should not be the case - Rogers and Hart worked at Lassin's studio in the early 1930s. Why was he not allocated a project on them? SWING HIGH, the swing is low, the score is pleasant but forgettable. Unfortunately, the film is concentrated in the entertainment world, as Fred Macquarie displays the great arrows as a trump player (he also breaks his trumpet by turning his arm around his arm around his compound Lampard). This song (sung by Lombard) was about the thrill of her being played when she was playing romance. It works in the picture, but it's good if the song is more memorable. <br /> <br /> There is a picaresque style in the film - Lombard is a manicurist. She struggles with her owner Franklin Pangzon (the bar of the ship). Then the ship enters the Panama Canal, and looks like a soldier McMurry, who is retiring shortly. In their first scene, it has a good lashes touch: talking to Macmaura Lombard, on her boat's deck and on the wall of the lock. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Lampard's rise and fall of Skid Johnson (McMurray), and his fame as a trumpet player. , But Dorothy Lamrey meets "the other woman". And the jazz trumpeter (his appearance and alcohol's need to be incomplete for MacGrey - Walter Neff or Mr. Sheldrak or Lemaard Mammury's love but unfair, Lamorude is very good - Maybe there will be more scenes with the image in her, but one turn back into the wagon again by Macmurray Her initial bit is fine in Bangmorn. Little actor, Carl Judele, a fair weather fan / Macmaker's friend, is effectively <br /> Charles Butterworth, He has a moment when he looks like a shepherd in his hands. The rumors, Macmars, and Lambard's share - his red face performance is the reason for McAmery's lying about the lie, which is a nice, minute moment, his subtlety than his movements of enormous humor.
