I did at least four times "wonders still happen". I never tire of this wonderful movie. At the very beginning, it will have a person's interest. As the film progresses, the plane is in danger, and this little girl survived and was trying to scare me in the Amazon, and she survived a life. The film appears to be more sharper as she loses her mother in a plane crash, and this girl is forced to cope with her ten days in Amazon. It's just untrue to think that this has happened and we do not need to say that we can actually survive, we do not say wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, enormous forests, wildlife and countless insects. As the film progresses, we see many dangers that this girl faces when she is trying to follow the river hoping that this girl will lead her into town. Recalling what her father said would lead to a river, which would eventually lead to the river, it eventually leads to a community that the little girl tracks a small flow that eventually leads to a huge river throughout the entire film. Sometimes in the dangerous waters swimming, alone, frightened, wounded, she always maintained. At the end of the film she would not have eaten for ten days and had only water to drink and was very sick and she could not last long after she was tired from the dangers. When she looks at a canoe, she is a village and men recognize her and take care of her and take her to the hospital when she comes to see her father, who feared that she died along with many people. It is such a dramatic movie and he is very happy to see his heart to see the face of his father, his daughter is still alive at Amazon during this time! Such films did not last long. I will see it again and I know that I will never quake! It's not just that this girl is the only survivor of the plane! Even though this plane everyone died in terrible crash into Amazon's wilds, the fact that she only maintained some very little injuries is even greater. An amazing movie, magically acted actually and I love to continue treasure and watching forever! Definitely recommended for me!
