It was considered "supreme answer to the Lord of the Rings", but much more than that. It's not something of a response, it's something new, funny and sometimes it's ingeniously stupid and stupid - but Monty Python is different than crazy <br /> <br /> At the start of this ad movie is not necessarily a low-budget and totally intense. In strings, cardboard clouds must sit in the main character's seat. But, the landscape trick makes it possible to replace missing special effects. It's totally beautiful and amazing - who need New Zealand, Switzerland is all in it. <br /> <br /> The best thing about my work is to go into the simplest method and clear passion and energy. It's not wise; And yet it has some good humorous parts. Edward Pycoon is fully convinced as Freudedo, watching him in the movie, there are some good jokes, some of which are very dull, some of whom do not understand people outside of Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​"Urukos" instead of Uruk Hai; I decided to take a telephony with "Papoo" with him on the go. Even the most funny scenery when Rackaroll decides to show with his knife, the knife fighting knight, and then smash it into a wall that captures it, breaking it. And "nazgul-ish" is a fantastic comic scene that has a toilet brush. This is in the scene ... I Šleliim, do not approve the idea of ​​using the ring "Gollum", to order the ladies "to come". It was a bit too far away. Land Soros's idea is not intelligent enough to cover lands with the fund. The original, obviously, but not intelligent. But most people do not really like the idea of ​​a gay dragon, it really is not necessary. I recommend watching the movie because everything is crazy and completely worse. Do not imagine LotR simulation as "space balls" for Star Wars. But you know that you're going to be an amusing evening, with no goals, you enjoy it. I do not know if it works in other languages, as it comes from Swiss dialects, as well as jokes and actors. <br /> All of this: the courage of the Swiss staff did it!
