The film reminds me of the 42nd Street starring Beben Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When I saw a lot of it, it reminded me of the 42nd Street, particularly the mysterious star of Eloise, and the Beat Daniels performing on 42nd Street and her ankle breaks, and another actress gets a piece and a star. Like most ethnic movies, the movie looks at people because of great entertainment. Race Entertainments have always shown Black Entertainment, because it really gained popularity in that era. Dancing Styles, The Music, Dressing Styles, You Live It Love. If this is made in Hollywood, this movie may be big, it makes a lot of money to get a good view, better filming and more money. But it's good because Michexes is looking at what makes him better to have less. I have to tell you all from Michaels movies, swing is the best! The film features veteran singers, dancers, actresses and actors, the most famous, but forgot today. Doli Armani, a wonderful female trumpet player, is the best thing you can think of as Gabriel knocking the horn in the sky. <br /> Adding more information ... In the 20s and 30s, Cora Greene's popular blues singer is the focus of the movie, she is Mandy, a good man who earns her money and earns her money and spends other women. A nose neighbor who plays Amanda Randolph tells Mandy about her seeing and hearing and goes to Mandy Club and catches her man with an attractive, brilliant woman named Eloise (played by Hagel Diaz, a hot-haired entertainer in the 30's) and breaks down fighting. Then Mandy goes to Harlem, where she reunited with some of the Guardian goddess Lena, in which Dorothy van Engel is one of the most beautiful women in movies. Lana offers Mandy with a house, a job and her angry Kora Smith (who plays the role of Hazel, predicts that she is playing two parts or has changed her stage name), and she attempts to destroy the show with her bad behavior. When she drinks and removes her leg, Lenny convinces everybody that Madden's job and nothing is right and a star in the lady's right and Mandi. Long, long, luxurious, but beautiful carmen nymom, Lena is the coolest entrepreneur who looks as well. Pretty boy Larry Seymour plays any good man, but after Lena threatens him, he may be in shape. There are some headlines but I stick out and a Koh smith (Hazel Diaz) rehearsal walks on late feet and everyone and then her man gets her punches in the jaw but it is not, she's still fighting with Mandy. Chorus is a great entertainment for girls, press dancers, shake dancers, swing music, and blues singing. I'm surprised when Michexes finds them, and black and white people sit at the club, and Michael often mix blacks and whites in his films, and he should praise for such a brave move. <br /> <br /> The film was the first race I really enjoyed and introduced it to Oscar Michaels. <br /> <br /> This movie is not the best movie, its scenes about the highs of performance business behind the story. <br /> The first race films are not the best, but the opening signs of Black Film-Making, as compared to Black Fesses, Stormy Weather, Cabin In the Sky, Carmen Jones, or any other Hollywood film but watching their great performances The pictures are entertained by the black life and black-eyed eyes. The blacks in these films are black, beautiful, classy, ​​and elegant, and not simply stereotypes to play with people from all walks of life, or whites whites will be portrayed as blacks in Hollywood. Many of the actors and actresses were not the best of these race movies, but they were only available at that time, Miciox and Spencer Williams, Nina Mae McKeoney, Josephine Baker, Athel Waters, Freddie Washington Micheux and other black and white filmmakers used nightclub performers in their films, Good people, some good actors Ryu is not actresses, but I know that Michaela is not some good actors and actresses but they used more than just an experiment, they wanted their stories to be told, and many black performers came to show their true talent in the film. While some true actors / actresses do not like to play Hollywood templates, they are the only film they can work with, so I think you can identify true actresses / actresses from nightclub performers. Many of these ethnic films have been historic, they are permanently lost, many have gone, and perhaps race films are not a great example of the film, and the Hollywood films are not even great. If the race film continues, I think it's good. If you're looking for great acting, it's not just a lot of strained images, but how the blacks are portrayed for the true example of black entertainment and the images of blacksmiths. Good Acting Cast, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise in Harlem, Keep Punching, Sunday Sinners, Dark Manhattan, Broken Strings, Boy! What a girl, mystery in swing, Miracle in Harlem, and Sepia Cinderella, this is good fun but does not have a good performance.
