That magical moment in life, that point between childhood charming innocence, and the confusing tornado represents the youth. . . This is what the movie is. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with Danny (by Reese Witherspoon). Think of her playing on her records and thinking about love, as she hangs on Elvis. Maureen's sister is soon coming to college, there is no difficulty in attracting boys, beautiful, and she has done all this, even if she does not. Her father in a local defeat was also after her, and she wishes she could find a good boy and wipe her feet off. Danny, who is very fond of teenagers, can be anyone, but many young people feel that they are not good enough. <br /> <br /> When she first met the court of Foster for the first time, she would begin to encroach upon her life. The court whos father recently moved to their old farm to work with his mother and two younger siblings. He was responsible when he was delighted. On a special hot day he goes to the pond and goes only to be thin naked. They shout and argue and Danny leaves. But one day later, when the court invites Danny to visit his mother's old friends (Danny's parents), they see each other. Danny is in court, and Danny attracts the court. She has an insomnia and spunky, attitude and tells her what is in her mind. <br /> Court 17 and Danny 14 and he knows it but they continue to grow closer to their days at the pond between the work of the Court of Agriculture. By the time the court kills her one day, Danny Smithen becomes. Danny's father tells her to invite the court home and he does. But things are uncomfortable to the court on his "date of sort". But silence broke through a meeting with Maureen, who did not yet see the court. A look between two and its all. Pain and defeat on Danny's face are beautiful both in life at the same time and their truthfulness as painful. I do not say the rest of the film but the film is more than a relationship between a boy and two sisters. <br /> <br /> The Greatness of the film The movements of life are beautiful and painful and the love between the two sisters requires a child who loves the child and their pain in two different and individually. Unhappy, painful in the world, and when she sees a little less hopeful than when the film began, Danny finally enters her entrance. Some movies can truly capture the wonders of childhood and the entire youthful pain. The film first shook my mind. This is my top 100 movie list and is appropriate. I have made such movies. . . My faith in Hollywood is very good.
