When I first heard about the show, I heard a lot about it, and it received some good reviews. I saw the first episode of this "forensic fairy tale", which I will preach and I really hugged it. I've loved it since. This show has a good sense of humor and it is fun to see a good show like this. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with this exhibition, Ned was pushing Daisy Centers (Pie Maker, Lee Paes) around a man who found a special prize when he was a boy: he brought back a dead return to life with a finger touch. He first made his dog with digg. However, there is a catch: if he keeps the dead man alive for more than one minute, the other dies. He learned this when he brought his mother back to life, and his childhood father's father died in Ned's mother's place. If he touches the person again there is another catch, they are dead again, but this time for good. He learned it when his mother kissed him goodnight. <br /> Almost 20 years later, Nade owns a top bakery named "pie hole". Ned's colleague Olive Snook (Kristin Chennoth) has a love for Nad, but Nede refuses his movements and tries not to stay close to anyone to learn from past experiences. As a private investigator, the Emerson Code (Chi McBride) finds Ned prize and decides to make him a partner in resolving murders. Ned will touch the victim and ask him who kills them, and when the minute rises up, he will hit it again, and they will fix it. How do they usually fix it? <br /> <br /> One day Ned was his childhood sweetheart, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Farile) at her childhood. He brings back her life and breaks the rules and decides to keep her alive. In the place of her death, the funeral director, who stole jewels from the corpses, died. When Emerson learns, and when he wants to help Chuck kill him, he accepts a little - for a while, we call him Chuck Dead Girl. It is kept secret from Olive, Chuck's in-laws Vivian and Lily (Ellen Green and Swissy Kurtz respectively), and everyone recognizes each other, newspapers, news, and Vivian and Lily, previously synchronized swimmers, leaving homes in years. Emerson, Ned, and Chuck agree to work together. <br /> <br /> Nude and Chuck love each other because this show has funny, fantastic characters, great twists of twilight, and will certainly get your souls. I hope that I did not cancel in 13 episodes.
