After reading two or three negative reviews on the main page of the IMDb, for "Pushing Daisies", and finishing the last episode last last, I told him what I think about PD. First off, I find other people with this program what to do with some issues: "I expect people from the dead to have more realistic action" along with lines. In reality, this event? Pushing daisies is really pure and totally clear. It's color palette, dialogues, scenarios, situations, music: it's me, it's just a daily escape. To escape from the mundane and boring. It is not beyond the daisies that mushroom daisies are exceptionally well: the big majority of television audiences is not "get it", there is a lot and crazy for some people. But for people like me, I've seen Season 2's "FrameCards" from the first episode and I'm away from the show. Since then, I bought both the box sets and they are just out of my DVD player. <br /> <br /> In this program Ned follows the adventures of the PAAmer, which brings back the childhood sweetheart Charlotte Charles with the magic finger, hires the hose owner and Oliv Snooke, who works with the Emerson Code, a private investigator. Completing the main cast members is not allowed to see riot Lilly and Vivian, Charlotte (Chuck). <br /> <br /> They live in a fictional world that brings them back to the living lifestyle, everything is miraculously shining with a splash color and commented Jim Dale. <br /> <br /> You can not really appreciate the truth about the performance of the show, but just say: Let's see. (Yes, I tacked on the end and rushed it on the end, but the way I went was still happy), but it was still a great way to go, as it was caught up by the guilds of the writers of the writers, making up just 22 episodes from time to time, it provides excellent plot twists, storylines, ). Whether it's a very creative or spectacular performance, it's a lot of addictive and amazing views for most people (including me) and I hope that more of these shows will be created for television's future, which is why I have not just 22, true fun no 40 minutes.
