In 2005, H. G. Wells's great novel was filmed less than 3 films of "War of the Worlds". This is probably the least well known and most probably is the best of them. No other version of WotWW ever wrote Wells a lot of the story, but also tried to create the atmosphere of time in which it was supposed to take place: 19th Century, 1900 last year ?? <br /> <br /> IMDb does not meet what they think of "spoilers". It can be applied to some films, where the end may actually be a surprise, but it is undoubtedly clear about one of the world's most famous novels. I have no sympathy for people who neglect to read one of the seminal works in English literature, so let Chase get the right. Foreigners are destroyed by a disease, and they do not have immunity. If it's a spoiler, be it; After turning a book and 3 other movies (alongside the 1953 classic), you must know how this ends. <br /> <br /> This movie, will follow Wells' plot in major, also displayed very cleverly ?? Their ignorance of the 20th Century photography at the end of the 19th century allowed many audiences to be removed. Although the widescreen is portrayed in the scene, the film goes a bit too far to give an idea of ​​synchronization. The general color of the skin and clothes displays a sepia color that is often found in old photographs (rather than black). Colors are often reminiscent of hand-tingling. At other times, the colors will be washed away. These variations do not use standard celluloid stock and are therefore common in early films, which also show good changes in black / white / white and white / white, white print and so on You will see here on occasion. Special effects are deliberately retrograde, which are also visible to the end of the 1920s? And yet Martians and their mechanisms are good, and they are more realistic "feel". Some of the effects are really awkward? Big Ben is like destruction. That acting is more frequent than our time to this period. Some of the Victorian costumes are odd, especially on the head and facial hair. Oatmeal or brilliantine use. <br /> <br /> Is this film another one with some intimacy Wells' original story ?? As identified. It provides information to view the details of the plots found here, where viewers have occasionally placed in other stories. Wells description of Martians mounted a large head mounted as many empire? Effectively filmed. When Martin machines appear, they give a good idea of ​​how to describe Wells about an hour in the film. Willes and the film do a marvelous job of portraying the progress of Martians from the limited perspective of rural England (mainly)? Some scenes in London (related to the hero's brother). The director is unable to resist showing a major landmark (Big Ben) destruction, but at least London. <br /> Do not dwell in excessive labor on the occupation <br /> Martians victory is hardly a surprise, even if some of their machines are destroyed by artillery. The narrator, trying to escape, finds the words "mankind's disaster". He faces a curve with Victorian sadness of a very valuable and nervous personality. They eventually find out that they are an awful factor where they find a martin nest, on the verge of the most: the vampires who use hunting in the most effective scene of Martians are shown. Wells made "long and happy touching" after they were eating. The author of the story finally agreed to defeat the veriotikric crate. <br /> <br /> The film will last for about 3 hours, and Wales is welcome in the story. . Is it about the time the writer got his due? In a comprehensive performance that increases dramatic effect. One word about acting: Do not expect award-winning performances. They are not bad, however, actors courage and they grow you. However, most of them have a film career most often in the film. The heroine played Honey Anthony Pianna in her second film. The Carrot John Kaufman ?? He has directed more experience in his second film as an actor. Brother ("Henderson") played in his first film, W. Bernard Bowman, with some flaws. <br /> <br /> It was the first time that Wells wrote the first film as War Wars of the Worlds, a magnificent film that is just another big part, James Lathrop. Despite its slight shortcomings, it is far more than its hype-up competitors. Do you want to see H. G. Wells' War of the Worlds? And is not a completely distorted version completely? Watch this movie!
