Think about having anything you've ever wanted - anything by the way you want, anything you'd ever dreamed would be anything you'd dreamed of. Now imagine to share this gift with your loved one. What do you do Are such powers worth your soul? This is the stirring provided by Captain Christopher Pike in the legendary pilot episode "The Cage" of the original Star Trek series. NBC was considered "very cautious" and "very cold" by the brass and "The Cage" was the most prestigious and expensive pilot ever made in the history of the network at that time, and Jean Raden Berry did not allow all that effort and cost resulting in this true traditional Star Trek episode, This brings the "Cage" as a frame story, this is the sensation  మక కథ యొక్క భావోద్వేగ మరియు తాత్విక లోతును విస్తరించింది మరియు TV చరిత్రలో ఒక మైలురాయి మరియు ఒకటి మొదటి నిజంగా తీవ్రమైన సైన్స్ ఫిక్షన్ కథలు ఎప్పుడూ చిన్న స్క్రీన్ కోసం చిత్రీకరించబడ్డాయి ... స్టార్ట్ డేట్ 3012: USS ఎంటర్ప్రైజెస్ Starbase 11 కు దారి తీస్తుంది. After receiving an instant message from Mr Spock's former commander. Surprisingly, this message can not be anything from Captain Pike, he is now awkwardly awkward after a wheelchair, mute and a tragic accident. Kirk and Starbucks commanding officer Kamodor Mendez attempted to try to get to the bottom of the mystery, but before the subject came to light, Spock - for unknown reasons - refusing Captain Pike's abduction and abducting enterprise, taking an open rebellion action with some Valkonnine pinches a brilliant thought and time By the end of the plan. Soon, the company goes for a remote, forbidden planet of Talos IV. Kirk tells that the Toros IV is interrupted, and anything related to the fleet or vessels has instant death penalty, which means that Spock is deliberately destroying himself, as Kirk is also responsible for the ship operations. Frightened, Kirk and Mendez are given a shuttle chase, which refuses to answer the calls of Estheria, or the craft will be taken until the power and oxygen are almost gone. Spock - Knowing that Kirk Ship should be followed - the captain is unable to take the course to the exact death. After launching a star ship in the course of his return to the Trocis Talis IV, and after launching on the invaders, Dempsey demands him to do what he did to McCoy. Kirk has sought an explanation, as soon as the Court Marshal requested the Spock Court's tribunal's Court of Appeal requests - including Mendez, Kirk, and disabled Invalid Captain Pike. The Spockex Encyclopedia knowledge of the sterile terms allows the tribunal to testify without permission of himself. Spock offers the only introductory spock ever made between Fork and Talos IV inhabitants - a journey taken by Enterprise under Pykes 13 years ago. Kirk expresses doubts about the video's authenticity due to its intense detail, but the realities of the filmed events have been confirmed by Fake, who is suffering from a lethal firing of a federal investigation of Talus IV by a crew of 18 years in the past. Vina, along with survivors, is said to have been born before a wonderful beauty disaster. Pike was attracted to the girl and threw him to a lonely spot, and he seized the bicuspine to a species of human race with the power of Talisians, a heavy skull capability and hatred. After Pick 's capture, the remaining "survivors" disappear because none of the rest of them except Vina actually exist. This episode ends when the tribunal finds that Spokes' "evidence" will be sent directly from Tollos IV directly to enterprises for breach of strictlive rules. Staffeet has ordered an immediate Hult to broadcast, and we are surprised to see what happens next ... to continue in the review of "The Menagerie: Part II"!
