Shakespeare's aesthetics and wudu have to do justice to this extraordinary cinematic scene. <br /> <br /> It has been a much better step than all other versions since it had total drama for Hamlet's applications. It still does not guarantee the first-rate movie, or even better. Usually I have a tendency towards long films and Hollywood's popularity, films must be at least two o'clock, three in the past, one that is not hopefully long. Some stories are strong enough to cope with such extensive exploration and can be done with some cuts. It's not too small to make a four-hour-long film and interesting, but Kenneth Branagh pulls it with flying colors. He has not seen more than any average cinematic film. <br /> <br /> Kenneth Branagh is very good in this film. He makes his feelings feel awesome by his voice and does not need to be an expert on Shakespeare's poem to catch the emotions that run inside him. Kate Winslet is a positive surprise, I must say. I do not really know what to expect. I always liked her as an actor, but I'm not sure she would play Shakespeare. Well, she absolutely eliminated all the doubts with her performance. The best opera I have seen has provided such depth for her role and is just amazing. Other brilliant performances include Clareas, Richard Berries Polonius and Nicholas Farrell, Derek Jacobi, known as Horatio. I liked the fact that Braghag used some of the more international stars to play in some small roles. <br /> <br /> The setting of the play in the 19th century is generally a welcome change to the glamor gothic settings. It's much lighter than any other version I've seen, more colorful and luxurious, but it has not changed from the tragedy of the play. It is exceptional, beautiful and beautiful, with eye and other sensory perfection. Patrick Doyle's music is always totally tuned in magic and movie. Only after seeing this can only feel the deep sense of satisfaction. I'm surprised that this sensitive work of art has not won an Academy Award for Best Picture, and it is not even nominated. There is no good movie for that year, or any other year for that matter. <br /> You will not be able to complete the amazing work of the absolute genius and see how nobody is getting the top. My hat is Mr. Branagh.
