And school age, almost four years of Shakespeare's need to learn (how much the author has put it back), which is my English teacher put in; I thought I'd be a simple English lesson film: so bad acting, drastically shot, drastically edited and terrible terrible old dialog, so, as I can tell you all is going to go from a go on. However, I have seen and paid a lot of attention to my chaos and actually enjoyed the film too. This product of Hamlet is one of the best drama movies I've seen in a long time-and it brings my life into my life, and Shakespeare wants to have his plays requested (well, it's the cinematic version) that my English teacher always harking over can text. (If you're a little hard to keep up if Shakespeare does not use the language) the story looks good, the dialogue will flourish with unexpected grace that will get away boring and even the smallest parts you would not do with a skill wouldn; Mainly, perhaps, the number of guest characters has this image. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston is great as you'd expect, even in such small areas of these two veterans, but it really is Osric and Billy Crystal Robin Williams as the Grave Digger who is standing out, giving unexpected hobby to such small parts, as well as providing some comic relief between the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The main stars, of course, are also excellent. Kenneth Branagh's hamlet excels, bringing sort of windy air that plays beautifully in funny scenes, not only the need for chaos and roll, but also the humorous scenes, making the film more watchable. Other major players are also fine, but Kenneth Branagh stands on the head and shoulders in the title role. <br /> <br /> The set pieces are also very beautiful, the old castle corridors of Dan have a realistic sense of the country around them, as we have seen in Shakespeare productions. <br /> <br /> The fact is that the Shakespeare Productions is the only real problem I can not think of ashand to the Shakesperean language, as well as in the prose, as I said, Very intelligent. It was also boring that his plays were boring, making me reconsidering my previous typical teenager attitude to Shakespeare (I ended up not just teachers who were reciting them in the class, drama that it was boring). If all of these songs are only his dramas, English students everywhere may have Bard's overwhelming impression. <br /> Total 7/10
