Horror Gods Boris Carlof and Bela Lugosi must have more than enough reason for any folk-lover to watch a movie and even though this particular small size-fi / horror gem is the most trusted person. In 1936, Lambert Hiller's "The Invisible Ray" almost culverte ("Frankenstein," Bride of Frankenstein "," The Mummy ", ...) or Lugosi (" White Zombie "," Island of the Last Souls "," Dracula " , ...), or both ("The Black Cat", "The Raven", ...), which is doubtfully the most entertaining film, compared to other Universal Horror films of cult cinema, Karloo and Lugosi is always brilliant, and the film has gained more profits and spectacular photography.Janos Ruck, a brilliant scientist who invented a technique to be examined in the past by a telescope, and an asteroid tens of thousands He realizes that he has hit the ground before The famous French scientist Dr. Felix Bennett (Bela Lugosi) invites him to join a trip to find the asteroid, in Africa, the rook makes a great benefit and a discovery that has great potentially destructive ... Actually British scientist Carloff, Hungarian Worked as a scientist, Hungary An language, lugosi, played the role of a French scientist, as usual, there are two excellent. I'm concerned that these two horrifying goddesses may have probably been shot in the telephone directory, and I do not think they will do something - man is a symbol of horror genre, treatment for every fan of the genre. By the way, it is not only that, it is only one that is louboutin to Lugosi Karlouf, not one of the few movies. Frances Drake plays a very good female role in the role of Dr. Ruck's beautiful young wife. The rest of the shows are also good, if not particularly valuable. Unlike the cast of Karlof and Lugosi, the great features of this film are probably the great settings and photography, as well as the awesome cheesy and most entertaining storyline. My main complaint is that I would like to have a lounge for a long time, and I have a little more importance for her role. He is always amazing, but his character can be bigger, and more evil. Otherwise, "Invisible Ray" is a wonderfully entertaining film which satisfies every lover of classic horror / size fiction cinema, and one must see my fellow Lugosi / Carlof fans.
