Okay, note the themes of this horror starring DVD-compilations: I'm really grateful and I support a lot of initiative, but ?? Have you seen movies before choosing them as part of a collection? When I bought the Boris Karloff collection, there were many stars, starring only in the support and the lesser role ("Tower of London", "The Strange Door"). "The Invisible Ray", however, is part of the Bela Lugosi collection and here it is Boris Karloff who actually overshadows Bayla! It was actually a great title instead of Boris Karloff collection! The role of Bela Lugosi is that he probably portrayed in his whole career and the good old carlof actually plays a scientist engaged in mad and dangerous here is a very good nature and imposing one. "The Invisible Ray" has three major chapters. Dr. Janus Rukh is the first in the carpatain castle, is pretty boring and the viewer wants to endure patience, but the character drawings and the topic discussed here are the rest of the film. Dr. Ruqh (Karlof) shows the leading accomplices (whom Bella Lugosi has shown as Dr. Bennet) how to capture extracellular rays within a self-manufacturing device. Scientists are honest with his work and Ruck and his lovely wife Diane are invited to travel to the heart of Africa. Where Dr. Ruck distinguishes him from the group, finds the essential element to complete his medical ray "Radium X" and goes to the Bonkers entirely after the bulk of the asteroid. The third and final act is clearly one of the best and most horrifying, as it turns out a clever mansion (melting idols) and a good old fashioned murder spree with a surprising climax. Carlow shines in the dark, and others try to steal his innovation and his life, and he wants to remove them using his deadly touch. The complexity of "The Invisible Ray" is rather complex, but the film is fun and entertaining. This story is not too far, but compelling and director Lambert Hillyer offers many scenes for most scenes. Boris Karloff is truly amazing and therefore is Lugosi, even though he deserved to have a little more time screen. Together with the boris funky pictures of their scenes burning, there are highlights of the film.
