For 30 years, Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi have promoted excellent performances in high quality horror movies. After "Universal" was the first monster in the seminal classic, "Dracula", Bela Lugosi, his elegant style and his foreign voice (unfortunately, this last factor was typewriter in his 40s), as well as in James Whale's "Frankenstein" Boris Karloff's performance transformed him into a man who saw him when he wanted a good monster. It is just as natural to end and they are called "The Black Cat" in 1934. This principle repeats in many of the decades and is one of the youngest of the horror and science fiction director Lamberth Hiller's "The Invisible Ray". /> <br /> "The Invisible Ray", by Dr. Janos Ruck (Boris Karloff) A brilliant scientist who invented the last scenes of our planet that he captured on the rays of the Andromeda galaxy, thousands of years ago in Nigeria, when his colleague Dr Felix Bennett (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford) To hit a meteorite. After this fantastic discovery, Dr. Rook decides to join his compatriots to invade Africa, which sees the landing site of the mystical asteroid. His wife Diane (Frances Dreke) fell in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), an expert hunter who brought Stevens to help their expedition during the trip, which is no longer useful. <br /> <br /> "The Invincible Ray" by Howard Higgin, and Douglas Hodges, the original sci-fi story by the invisible rays of the asteroid, Has roots. This is a film with Carlof and Lugosi, Kalton is emotional towards the horror of his story and plays in a very effective way with the mad scientists' motif and adds a good dose of drama to spies. An element that stands for "The Invisible Ray" among other horror films of the era, is characterized by Colton morality by the story. That is, there is not exactly the heroes and villains in the classic style, but the people who make decisions and then the consequences of those choices. In many ways, "invisible ray" is a modern tragedy about discontent, guilt and vengeance. <br /> <br /> Lesser Budget films director Lambert Hillyer has a chance to do 3 films. Universal Pictures when epic studios face serious financial problems. Thanks to his experience of limited resources, Hiller's films are very good looking at budget restrictions, "The Invisible Ray" is no exception. Despite the beautiful gothic atmosphere of previous Universal horror movies, Hillerier's film effectively overwrites the souvenir of Calton's script, because he gives the darker and the mood of the darker mood with sharp novels with the Pulp novels more than the darker psyched-fi. Finally, one word must say about the use of Hillyar's special effects: For a very low-budget movie, they see a lot better than those in most a- <br /> <br /> As with a movie with Lugosi and Carlof, the performances in these legends are exceptional. The film's main character patron Boris Karlof is just right in his role of a man who can not see the evil that he has caused in devotion to his work. His colleague, doctor. Benet, Bela Luogis is just a joy to watch, steal every scene in his hand and show how little he is. Ruh's wife, Francis Drake, is more influential, and she plays more role than her character is suffering. Nevertheless, two actresses perform their limited screen time, making unforgettable supporting roles, the movie highlights are Belle Bonde's performances as Mother Rook as Camel Cooper and Lady Abbey. Frank Lawton is good in his role, but it is no surprise to the rest of the cast. <br /> <br /> If you judge this film according to today's standards, another cheap science fiction movie is bad special effects and negligent mixing fake science. However, even if it's a low budget, it is unusually well done by its time. At the very top, the atomic era began and thought that the film was constructed when radiation was still a new concept, and ideas about radiation risk were frightening. One final thing to highlight is that the script maintains relationships between characters, especially friendship and rivalry between Dr. Rukh and cool Dr. Benet, allowing great scenes between the two opposing actors. <br /> <br /> When "Frankenstein" is near the gothic expression of movies or near the sleek suspense of "The Black Cat", Lambert Hillyir's "The Invisible Ray" is definitely the catalog of the Universal Pictures catalog. One of the most interesting screenplays of 30 horror, this mix of suspense, horror and sci-fi is a seriously underestimated gem that delivers a good dose of two fun etiquette with the most amazing actors who now have the horror genre: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
