It must be after many years of release, so it does not know why it is in movies. But as a child I enjoyed it. I discovered Superman's VHS tape and mole menu at the flake market and decided to see it again (it was many years). I knew how B was made at that time. But I was surprised by the film's performance and the excellent performance. These types of films require regular acting. Surprisingly, this work is not bad. If you forget the fact that the Superman sequence from Sequence has gone to the sequence and could initially cut off their buttocks, is it true? Okay, mole men's clothing hokey and not too scary (they are not even scary for a kid). However, making the permits for a lower budget for background and clothing, it worked better than all. I immediately identified Sharif as the old ranger from Death Valley Days and had plenty of supporting roles in TV Westerns. J. Farrell MacDonald has played an older pop star and I have been a great assistant actor in many movies. Walter Reed and Jeff Coory are well known faces from other films. Did you recognize an old doctor as the ship captain for King Kong? Did you recognize a young girl rolling the ball to Mole Men as Lisbert Serresi in Old Yeller? Some of the Mole men are well-known. Mardonalds played Meyer McQuees for Little Oscar Meyer, Munchkin, Dorothy Lollipop, a wealthy in the Suffield Episode and other works. Billy Curtis played an unforgettable role in Clint Eastwood in High Plains Drifter, one of the friends who played in the Incredible Shrinking Man, playing a role in the play, and I am rich with Richie Hayworth, Wizard of Oz and a great variety of other episodes. John Brambouri is also a munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played the role of Lois Lane in the film, is unusual in this role and George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent WAS Superman. He did a great job playing a strong man. All I've said is that the bottom line is worth seeing because this film is cast and in writing dealing with a beautiful flimsy idea for a movie. But it is possible for mole people from the intruders from the intrusion of 50 years and space. Certainly worth seeing, there is not a bad actor in the group. Casting someone with it is very lucky, bringing out a very good actors into a B type. Some have already experienced wealth and some gain experience - but gifted to everyone. If you have the opportunity to watch the film, forget the dopey costume and just enjoy the excitement and acting. Is it okay? Is this a plane? No, a good, old fashioned image to enjoy!
