I saw it in HBO or Showtime or Cinemax that my parents subscribe to those channels in the middle of the 90s. I came across several times in different areas and always found dark, bizarre and lovely. I was young when I was young. And now after years of great Arliss Howard invented and blown away by "Big Bad Love" I purchased the DVD of "Wilder Napalm" and watched with my girlfriend for the first time in many years. I totally loved it! I was really impressed and influenced by it. Camera movements and cinematography include many dynamic fluid complexities and wit; These are the perfect gel between three Leeds, their story, music and other actors with brilliant, intense and instant chemistry. This is true "cinematic". I love Orlie Howard's subtle intensity, uncertain strength and mystery intelligence, and I'm a big fan of him; And his magic with Debra Winger's Manik Spek (they married) had its magic lovely reality that went before the camera. (I wonder if they watch this for wedding anniversaries? ....... "Big Bad Love" should be the next stop for anyone not seen it; it is brilliant.) And, full clown make Dennis Quaid, Sneaky introduction, angled, hidden and Shot is selected by the selection and the full bloom delivery is the pure dark image magic type you do not see very often. Quaid ever had a bad quality for me, with a huge split mouth span, to disappointment waiting to hiding behind his playing eyes, or unpleasant charm or daring (here two). Both Howard and Quaid have dark madness behind the eyes to pull off the square offs of their incredibly intense interior glasses. In fact, the whole picture is characterized by dark cold energy and hip intensity. It really is a wonderful movie, involve intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry by all parties involved. I can not really imagine how to get funding, it seems to me very expensive through such a traditional, fabric-less system, but I thank you for a little bit of God's films just like this slip. In a great way, I remember all of my favorite films: "Grossey Point Blank" ...... It's a compliment now in my book, with its day-glow bright carnival colors, hip intelligence, honest humor and witty chemistry dark.
