A weird example of shining adaptation: It is very small with the source novel by Stephen King, although it is one of the best movies of horror masters work. <br /> <br /> Stanley Kubrick's superb directing and jock-nicolson's cool acting led to this. <br /> <br /> Nicholson will play the role of Jack Torrance, who agreed to take care of overlook hotel in Canada. The worst stories about this place: he said he needed a good, secluded place to complete his new book. Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year-old son, Danny (Danny Lloyd): The new home in the Overlord Tarrass family. Initially, the boy who feels part of something is wrong: he finds flaws from the past and the future, along with a mysterious supernatural power, with a mysterious supernatural shaking, he and dick, among other things: Cook, Dick O'Hallorone (Sketman Crotter). Due to this "gift", the resident in the hotel will soon be interested in Danny, although he is capable of opposing them. He is more suspicious of his wife's feelings and seeks comfort in any organization that can define ghosts, which can be very difficult to break the chain of insanity and fear. Jack is not the case. <br /> <br /> Kubrick has not always worked as a horror film while working on the film, but focuses more on atmospheric and psychological constraints and creative blood baths. The director criticized most of the storyline, leading to the emotionally strong climax of the book, with the removal of most of Jack / Danny Subplot (just a hint at the film), and his disappointment was valid, although the novel was in an extraordinary way, liberation and liberation One Kubrick, one of human decay Was one of the most well-known analysts, is not always smooth. <br /> <br /> Danny's encounter with two devil twins being the best example of the mental, and subsequent physical, mismatement, and the expert use of a cool approach and steadicam shot also keeps the creepy tone also grateful In the opinion of the actors, another critic of Nicholson specifically, Jack is already mad It is true that Nicholson looks a bit goofy from the very beginning, but it is true that Martin Sheen (King's ideal selection for the character) probably did not perform a performance like Nicholson's horror: from the moment he was in front of Immortal Torn more and more disturbing "The Johnny! Here's the scene, it is impossible to portray another actor who plays the role, and since 1997 The Shining TV version is not bad, Torrance's character is unrelated to the Flood over the Kooky's Nest star, both of Davele and Lloyd , Especially the Harvey Stephens (The Omnes Damian) and Haley J Osment great horror films like Yale has come good with the child icons. Douwl's book counter (beautiful and pretty) and can not be complained of laughing out loud and laughing, but two things should be considered: a) Back in 1980, the "Scream Queen" cliché and one T; B) rarely seen the film-film variations come to the secondary in comparison to the real fear from the silver eye that rarely frightened any actors in the camera. <br /> <br /> Trice Spotting author Irwin Welsh writer once said that the entire loyal adaptation of any literary work (and the freedom that Danny Boyle seized while bringing his masterpiece), but that the film is not necessarily bad. Shining proof proven: Less than 5% of the novel is included in the film, but in this loose cinematic translation of Kubrick and Nicholsselson, the series becomes the best, most original horror films of all time, something that really gives the present poor form of the genre.
