Sometimes, The Thing surpasses my favorite horror film. Although Carpenter's film is more efficient and more entertaining, Kubrick's more artistic, more thought-provoking, and possibly scary. It is one of the few movies which can be seen past its flaws and really and totally love. Did I try to match it with the book ?? This was only a few years before I read it and was it worrying to die for me? Along with two stories and characters, there are a lot of them. Kubrick has been doing banking on the love of the novel to make his film more dreadful. <br /> <br /> In this way, it is one of the most interesting book simulations ever made, as well as one of the greatest horror films. <br /> <br /> This film is not terrifying, and Gore, popups from time to time is not different ghosts. It destroys Jack Torrance. Some complained about Nicholson's performance in the role, in which he made clear that he was going to go crazy for past characters and his appearance. Confess me. Do we know he's going to go crazy? Since most of us have read the book ?? And this feeling only increases the appearance of Jack. But the way he works in the beginning makes him really scared. He is calm, quiet, patient. He engaged in small talk with hotel managers and his own family. And as a wife and son like irritating him, he is a little surprising to manage. But once he reaches the overlord, he changes. He becomes irritated, angry, on the edge. Silver is always a barrier to me when I type him, and he loses it completely, "leaving her alone." In this film the first F-Bomb dropped, and it was a shock to the system. Since then, all bets off. <br /> <br /> Another thing I like is the description in this movie. We're never sure whether we're seeing what's actually happening. While many critics speak to a ghost, Jack has a mirror that shows that he is talking to himself. But what are the other characters? She does not see anything before the climax of the Wendy's film, where she will be given a tour of many of the hotel's most ghostly residents, but Danny immediately finds out the place, but she knows that something is wrong. His mental powers are not in question How do you know how to come to the Hiloran hotel? ?? But is it ever seen by his parents watching the demonic witnesses? Jack is trapped in a hotel just for his family, is it losing, and silver will do the same later? When your husband tries to kill an ax? But what about Danny? It seems that his body was taken by Tony, but how exactly do we know? These letters are reliable witnesses. Hiloron probably is, and he warns about the dangers in 237, but he was killed as soon as he reached the overthrow (he could get by guessing the imagination of the Kubrick's novel he was afraid of). And the last shot. Is the movie more troublesome? Is there really Jack before? Or is his body just 'absorbed' into the hotel? When talking about acting in the film, no discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall is one of the most annoying performances in cinema history? Perhaps deliberate, give a character more of a snap to Snap? And Danny Lloyd is not better, but Jack is a powerhouse. Part Type, part advancement, he is at once terrifying and attractive. Good or worse, the character with whom he is identified with, not the annoying kid or the naked wife. We all want to have a hotel for a season, do whatever we want. Who cares if it is haunted? However, technical aspects are excellent. Kubrick's long take, strange angles, and bizarre images can contribute to the horror. Color, glasses, long hall, and every other motif can only increase it. And do not start me on that score. I do not know if this film is half scary, without an electronic tune without that scene. <br /> <br /> I know the king does not like the movie, but the King's input on the movie can not be great. A novel writer is great, his screenplay is terrible and his attempt at the direction of the director is not recognized. This is not a very reliable book adaptation, but it is not necessary, and this can not really be. Looking at the horror of the film, there is no book to return to the viewer; There is no transient source of the matter. Kubrick frightens audiences. This is only one of the most innovative films of any genre. And it got all the above on top.
