Shining begins with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson), driving a solitary hotel with the name 'Over Look' in the Mountains, interviewing manager Stuart Ulman (Barry Nelson) about becoming a manager of the Winter. Ullman tells Jack, who is responsible for the hotel's primary embrace, but is almost entirely segregated for roughly six months in tough winter sets. His wife Wendy (Shelley Duval) and young son Danny (Danny Lloyd) moves into Jack Hotel & a beautiful hotel, which is fine at first everything is absolutely huge & what they need at their disposal. However, Overlook Hotel hides his previous family member with a previous caretaker who committed suicide before committing suicide. Danny is capable of 'blinking', meaning he possesses mental powers. Danny keeps looking at things and people, loses it, and loses the days when it becomes frenzied, days, weeks & months when Wendy is frowned that she does not have any clue what happens in her family ... Stanley Kubrick, co-authored and co-produced by English production. This is a good horror movie. Shining is in two distinct different versions, and another film that I comment on is running in less than 2 hours in a short period. The script, written by Kubrick & Diane Johnson, is not based on the novel by Stephen King, so I can not compare them to the whole film, rather than a murderer, rather than a mental horror. Shaking has only a few shots with Jack, Silver & Danny, which is really a priority because you take care of them, especially with them, and what they're doing. The pace is somewhat slower, but it's a movie that does not feel too long and may interest you all. On the negative side I do not think Jack is crazy enough to convince me to kill crazy and argue that his family wants to kill me, the fact that Jack has escaped from the freezer without any explanation bugs & I do not know if I missed it but that end does not make any sense to me, We're trying to work all about it! Violence or gore is way too much, rotten zombie ghosts and someone was killed with an ax but Shining has a gripping story that does not need to depend on blood & special effects. Shining with a budget of about $ 19,000,000 is technically flawless as you expect from an obsessive filmmaker like Kubrick, the camera is amazing with some amazing free flow & soft steadicam shots like effortlessly follows around the character corridors maze, clich ecstatic haunted house like dark corners, basements & cobwebs Instead of cabbirk the themes Ikaga lit corridors, the expansion of large open spaces and a modern decor (80 of the most modern, the red out of the toilet!). Although acting is good from everyone, the typical little kid is most annoying in horror films, and Nicholson is very senseless at first. Shining is an absorbing image I enjoyed watching though I'm not sure I'll be watching anytime soon. You're disappointed for those who look for explosions & fancy special effects, and for those who are looking for a good haunted house-type horror with a good story, I'm sure Shining is very valuable in my humble opinion.
