Shining, do you know that this movie is unrealistic? Shining is a fantastic picture of everyone who does not like horror films. Stanley Kubrick's standard focus on Steven King's horror story madness and blood. It's an amazing movie and you've seen or not, it's heard, it knows a few lines from it, and know some of the classic pictures. Jack's "It's Johnny!" Who can forget Who can forget "All Work and Know Play Make Jack A Dale Boy"? Who can end that chilling? The film is unforgettable and honest in my opinion Kubrick's best work. I know that there is a lot of argument in that department, many people mentioned in 2001: A Space Odyssey or Clockwork Orange or Dr. Strangelove, but if the film is before the making of the film, then Shining has done well. It's a lonely story, madness, horror movie, and the ultimate ghost story crawls under your skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrens, Jack's son, Danny and Jack's wife, come to the Over Look Hotel on the day of shutting down silver. Danny is surprised by the elderly African-American chef, Dick Halloran, talking to him and giving him ice cream. He tells Danny that he and his grandmother shared the gift; They called communication "shining". Danny's hotel asked me if the room 237 was to be afraid. Dick tells Danny Danny that the hotel has many memories and they are not good at all, and he advises him to stay out of the room 237 in all circumstances. Dani's curiosity about Room 237 is finally getting him better when he sees the room opening. Danny is wounded and apparently injured after Jackie tells Jack that he loves his family. Wendy feels that Jack Danny is misused. Jack goes into the Gold Room of the hotel where he meets Lloyd, a ghostly bartender. Danny begins calling the word "Redemption" and writes on the walls. He is a trance, and goes back; He is now Tony, his own "imaginary friend". Jack's outbreak was to remove communication from outside the hotel radio, but Hallorann received Danny's telepathic cry for help and was on his way. Jack "works all and Jack makes a dull boy" Silver finds that he is typing endless pages of the manuscript formatted in various ways. Frightened, Jack threatens herself and ties with her baseball bat, locking him in a storage locker in the kitchen. Jack talks with Grady through the locker's door and then releases him. Danny Wendy's bedroom door lipstick has written "REDRUM". When she appears in the mirror, she sees her "murdered" back. Jack begins to chop through the door that leads to the family of the residence of his family holding ax. <br /> One of these films is one of the films you have to watch for, it's a wonderful movie and still gives me nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and unforgettable. But most of the scene I find in Shelley Duvall, Jack's Round All Work find. It is amazing, you can see that it is a phobia in the face of the horror of the horror and after her husband learns. Another incredible scene when watching a ghost woman in Jack Bathtub is one of the most horrific scenes in honest horror films. It is very popular because it is the image of perfection, it is in The Simpsons, it is shown in other films and trust me as a movie that you will ever see. <br /> 10/10
