Well, it's not great. I mean, Exorcist and Psycho and a few others are very difficult, but Shining is up there. However, it became a film for Best Stephen King Story. Better than the standstall, better than the candy, the Pet Seematri (better than Cujo), better than Cujo, better than the Green Mile, better than my stand, better than my stand, and yes, it's better than the Shevsank Redemption (Shut Up, Do not care what the top 250 says. <br /> <br /> I've been a few decades ago, Stanley Kubrick found out that he would make a good theme, sorting through novels in his home, and from the other room, like every half hour of his wife's noise or thrown books against the wall in despair. Finally, no noise could be heard for about two hours, and when she went to her chair or when she died (when I said this with respect to her respect) when she went and saw her, he was in his hands the book, and the book was shining. <br /> <br /> Any time, thank you very much for making that book one of the best horror movies ever. <br /> <br /> Stephen King grateful for the complexity of the story about the man who takes his wife. And the son of a remote hotel to monitor the most isolated winter when he works in his work. Jack Nicholson thanked Jack Nicholson for his death-acting performance, as well as his flawless delivery of Jack Torrahons (who has a number portrayal of the character Jack), as well as his flawless delivery of many popular-line ("Heière's Johnny! '). Shelley Duvall thanked the audience for a show that allows Jack to kill her with cravings. Stanley Kubrick is grateful for giving this remarkable story his recognizable touch, and the casting director thanked him for moving the cryptic twins on the planet to play the role of the murdered girl. One of the most important elements in the film is the need for an article to have its most influential effect, it is lonely and it provides flawless presents. The film begins with Jack's long scene when he goes to the old hotel for his interview for the winter client's work. It will be shortly after Jack and his family are taken to the hotel on a mountain highway. At this point the scene meets with Jack, Wendy, and Danny in a car in which Wendy has expressed his concern about talking about a cannibalistic prey before darling, who tells him that it is okay if he is on TV ('see it on television). <br /> < This hotel is also a perfect setting for this story. , And it will be bloody in the past, heavier, resonant rooms and longer hallways make it more frightening. Their resonance rooms constantly emphasize the vacuity of the hotel, but Hallows, who created the imbalances of the film, and Kubrick's traditional tracking shots make Hallows a crazy three-dimensional feel. At the beginning of the film, the dolls on his big wheel give the impression that in the rooms of his big wheel (what is this?), And his relative speed (as well as clunking wheels throw back up to rugs) And as a Stephen King, you climb out of something and jump out of you. While playing Danny on the floor, I feel that the best scene in the halls (as well as one of the terrible things in the film), and a ball slowly moves him. He looks and sees a long hollow hall, and because you have something in the toy toy doll, you feel that it should be the horrific creepy twins he was injured. Anyway, you get the point. <br /> <br /> Shining is a shocking film that has a rare quality, and Shining has a very deep story, which really seems like you are thinking and feeling that you have something missed. Had Jack ever been there, as Mr. Grady mentioned in the men's room? Was he really at that ball in 1921, or was he just someone who looks like him? He is always a caretaker, as Mr. Grady has also said, that he killed his wife and two daughters and killed Mr. Grady. This is one thing to leave the loose ends of the title, it's just medium filmmaker. For example, The Amityville Horror, which explicitly made much of Shining's subject matter relevant. But the film is completely different (as most of the Kubrick movies) as you really think. Another thing that we thank Stanley Kubrick for all of us, and thanks for him, this book can not be thrown on the wall. A toss film was a tragedy.
