The film, the motion picture film, which combines all the great elements of an intellectual thriller, a mood horror film in his directorial intellect, which has a director's great vision of the director's great shot, the ice-cold soundtrack and the whole concept of disorganization . The film is cut through a human eye through all the horror films, such as red poker, which allows the audience not only to experience the violence and mental sensibilities of the protagonist, but also to greet the seed that confuses the confusion. One of the terrible things people face is unknown and the film will show his plan with what is thought in mind. The setting is perfect, in a desolate winter hideaway. The calm of this moment is the forerunner of progress in this inexorable time in the mind of Jack Torrance, and the Devil brings the new playground to the breed. For a moment only the circumstances, and the reasons given to it, to wake up its violent ass and flying over its unsuspecting victims, I always felt that in all of our minds the evil existence. <br/> <br /> <br /> The labyrinth of the small touches of the movie, the empty hallways of the hotel and the lady's big wheel of the young boy, the labyrinth which refers to the fine line of mind between the intelligent and madman, Kubrick's intentionally edited editing inconsistencies , Establishing continuous deficiencies and durable arrangements, the righteous and the world in the world Discovering a world that can be guided by distractions, but powerful and unknown. I have never read the book based on the movie, but I am proud to be one of the most horrific films I've ever seen since it is not comparable. I thought the runtime of the film was a bit cut, but again in the film I was not one of the most acclaimed directors in film history, so my two-percent criticisms were excellent cinematic, me. In all, this film captures your attention to its grand form and vision, some creepy and unusual direction you have roams, and you have been confused into the stabs in the heart with the ties down and the cold-eyes view of the mind's mind, the atmosphere and loss of humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
