Anthony McGatten adopted his play, sub-satellite, and for a long time directed the best comedy from New Zealand. Chrissey Dawn (Daniel Carmack) is a drop-out. She has not achieved much of her success in the following years and has increased her family's anger from her father's death. Her twin sister Carol (played by Daniel Carmack) is emerging in the media, and she represents New Zealand at swimming in the Olympics. A middle-aged, unwelcome and desperate director (Brian Sergeant) and his good-natured cameraman - Chrissey's nightly stand from the previous night, Paul Carl Urban, is the pride of Dunn Family; Watching Carol swim succeed. It's not too bad, but it's troubling the Krsi family. First, the Wellington Dawn Matrix, Joyce (Donna Akerston). She produces fairy cakes and cocktail sausages for all-important movie crews and refuses to change her way. Her older daughter, Jen (Rima Te Vita), is more common than normal. She has a nice home ("blackberry sorbet" painted on the bedroom walls), an expensive parasitic attitude to an expensive taste and match. She is also near the age of 40 and is basically a kid. Her husband, Ken (Tim Bumble), is an electrician and strengthens herself to the unwanted jobs ... as well as Jen's doings. The middle daughter, Lynn (Jody Dorde, who won the Best Supporting Actress in the New Zealand Film Awards for this role) is a "knocked down" tart with unreal history. Ken Sister Clash, mother is in a state, Ken is like a tooltimes Tim Taylor, Carol is her Olympic desire to fuel and Chrisy knows this is all scratched on national TV - why can not she be embarrassed? It is great to have some of the leading New Zealand cast in a suburban comedy with talented lines. I liked sparring between Zen and Lin. A bun in the oven - is a mona-my-biological-clock-rotating-away, similar to other Norseist tramps with her sister's desires. The climax of the film is very sentimental and well done. Performances are a treat and the film works perfectly. <br /> <br /> <br /> If you do not know what you want,
