Lorna Green (Jainine Reynat) is an acting artist for wealthy intellectuals at a local club. Promising that the romantic victims are murdered, she beat her fantasies, killing those who believe in her sexual horizon. This is a form of hypnotic advice, guiding Larna to anyone (which is a possible task master pulling strings like a puppet), which kills her in the secluded places and begins. <br /> <br /> When the murders in her fantasies are committed, Larna does not come to cloak if she really dreams of herself. <br /> <br /> From Franco, I would say that it is elegant & difficult to explain this particular work. By now, you probably read other users' comments about what you think about this movie, because it's a big part of a dream's surreal atmosphere. Franco stated in an interview that he initially influenced the filmmaking style of his career at the beginning of his career, and decided to give up a clear detailed structure trying to create a completely different kind of experience. And, when you read from users' responses here, this decision is like others who look style labor, dull and embarrassing. I do not agree that the film is on my head, but when Franco himself questioned the "Sukabas", he admitted that the film did not even understand and he directed! Some of the "Saskbubas" for his more favored works, france-loyalists, first thought of his skill as "Frances Venus", because it adopted the surreal, dreamy structure, where the main character was really experiencing something real or imagined. In a sense, like the protagonist, we face a similar chaos. Sure, "Sukabas" is an exceptional film-making. Moreover, in the elusive conversation does not help in many things. "Sukabooz" is also of Beatnic varieties and "poet-speak", the film of Carmann is fun at "A Bucket of Blood". In my personal favorite scenes she meets a favorite female scene between Larna and a woman in a posh party. The psychoanalysis is uncommonly used without a strange fantasy sequence. Great positions and jazz score .. I liked this movie, but I understand why the negative feedback has been received. A scene in a fashionable party with Larna, a trivial drunk, wraps on the floor in a beautiful evening gown, while others rush her into the kisses kisses for Shinde (attendance).
