I did not see Jess Franco's movies, I saw 5 people, more than 180. So perhaps it's just a little sooner to say but "Necronomicon Geträumte Sünden" (well known as Sukabas, but cut version) is definitely the best on Franco's best, according to me. Franco is acclaimed in the mid-90s for "Vampiroros Lesbos", which was a very popular occasion when Jess Franco also found it interesting as a composer (although it may be a little more exaggerated). The soundtrack was discovered by a happy few man and was found to guess after seeing the video clip of 'The Lion and Cucumber' ('Vampyros Lesbos OST'): Jess Franco is a high-profile director. The phone ran during 'Vampiro's', and I would ring it. I wanted to see more of the film. Franco has never been able to catch me from that moment. But I got money in this movie. It's even better than "Vampiro's Lesbos", I think. Franco is looking at what he can do with a story and a camera. We find that he can do much. I did not expect to find the perfect "Necronomicon": its beginning does not impress me at all. Remember, before I saw "Vampiroros lesbus" (only three years later, and only two films started). But the story tells you that Gollard wants to see if it does not spread his political messages, and a good camera work and the thing you want to do. In the later film the art I heard a conversation about art or about an old one. He said that all the films should be old enough because the audience is watching for weeks before filming. But the girl says "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Goddard yesterday made films yesterday". Janeine Reynand is an interesting lead actress and of course, Howard Vernon, a Franco Regular. Luckily the acting is good (this is something that can ruin many Franco movies for you, but it is not). But definitely look for the dummy scene. The romantic tension, the direction of the forest and the fact that it was yesterday's film yesterday made a film that many people should see. This is definitely a little more accessible than "Vampiro's Lesbos".
