Police, Investigations, Assassination, Suspicion: We are all familiar with the names of all the films. It is believed that the majority of the films have produced audiences in dealing with crimes, and they provide an enthusiastic atmosphere. Nevertheless, thrill lovers have been focusing on the latest films that do not forget about a lot of old films. However, this could easily lead to deception. <br /> <br /> The film that was based on a previous suspicion may have been more interesting when it was over 20 years old ... This is a special film called Claude Mour. Because the events presented in the picture are significantly less time consuming. But the way they are implemented is a great plus of the movie. Jerome was investigated by Charles Martineau (Michel Serralt) Inspector Gallin (Lino Ventura) and Inseter Belmont (Guy Markand). This is a New Year's Eve, a rainy evening and not quite accurate for such a meeting. Also, after the rape and murder of two children, at the beginning of the old year, the door of suspicion should be finally opened. In other words, (more is quoted from the movie), it's actually a nasty wolf. To achieve this, one needs both work and a lot of ideas from both parties. <br /> <br /> Some people have criticized the script for being too wordy. However, I will ask them: If the inquiry does not have many questions, it is practical to talk too. This cousin touches many roots of the genre. This is not boring but throughout the entire movie, it makes you a participant, as an observer, as a participant. In addition, the film is well structured as the stories tell. Not too short of them and not - just enough to make the entire story clear and more interesting. The most memorable pastime, Chantel (Roma Snyder), Martinez's wife, while talking about a lovely Christmas ... but these grudges also have views of places including the infamous beach. It all helped me keep the right pace for me. Since I've seen Garde a Wook, I have always made a reference to this film in the French film's "defenders" against the accusations of confusion and confusion. <br /> <br /> However, the things already said may not necessarily attract many audiences because they do not like such movies and can not find content and its implementation satisfying. However, the Guard A Vue is also valuable for such people. Why? For performances. But do not expect me to appreciate the first Roma Schrchner here. The Guardie A VUE is not a Roami Schneider vehicle. She does an amazing job as a mother who is deeply depressed for her lost children. She does not want to play with words, even if she is silent, does not refuse the concrete, tea cup. She is more reliable than the overly melancholic role of Elsa in Los Pousentte de Sánchez in her episode with a deep debate of life and fate. It is still acting. However, Romei Schneider does not have much time on the screen. Practically, she appears for the first time after 45 minutes from credits; She, like a wife and a different perspective, will be a symbol of the New Year at midnight. Her character is fully supported. Really rocks Lino Ventura. He is a middle-aged inspector Anthony Gallin, who wants to know the truth, and he talks to his other questions as "missiles", but he does not hesitate. He is married to three times and is an inspector and a woman of the mind. He is a game to play his job but not a real service. Finally, he was sitting on New Year's Eve and was the most unusual figure in it. Michael Serrault also reveals fears especially in final scenes. But thumbs for Mr Ventura. <br /> <br /> As long as memorable moments are concerned, this item is not an easily analyzed movie. The whole picture is memorable, more than once to see and feel with its atmosphere, and this is a beautiful music that I never mentioned before. For me, Chantal and inspector Galen's debate is the most brilliant flawless moment. <br /> If you go deep into what you see, you will experience your mind with two characters. <br /> <br /> Guard A Wu is very interesting, it shows the connoisseurs of thrill lovers and art. New Year has changed and ... now is easy to open the door? You'll find out if you decide to see the movie directed by Claude Miller. 8/10
