Based on the 1998 film Edward D. Wood script, a script based on NO conversations in the tradition of films like The Thief. Although Wood's work has taken many simple-budget entries into various genre-film traditions, his first release feature is Glen OR Glenda, a real miracle effort to express unexpectedly through primitive-gravity techniques. Although the film is comedy (though a nightmare comedy, though!) I will represent Edward Wood and Experimental. However, there is no room for Wood humor as Glen OR Glenda's cross-dressing theme. From the first few seconds of the film I know I'm taking the new film to the world, and I can not compare that to the world. Technical Production of filmmaking, sound design, music scoring, photography, etc. - At any level is sensational. In particular, even though there is no "dialogue" for the film, there are all kinds of sounds and "language", but you have to look at how you are done because the intellect and surprise techniques are full of enthusiasm. Glen or Glenda-esque technique of reducing stock footage for surreal effects works well and is kept low. The whole movie is played on a hysterical fever-pitch, and Billy Jane offers an amazing physical-comedian and excellent tour-de-force performance showing what the actor is doing. In a world of world, he received some awards for this show. He is also like Ed Wood, and Jane's character is at different times, silent, sad, sympathetic and anonymous (sometimes simultaneously !!!). This film has led to legal issues and has never been performed by North American theatrical or video, and some festivals are played. Currently, my copy comes from German origin - the expressions from the screenplay of time shown on the screen are occasionally translated into German, but the newspaper headlines (great for platform elements, especially newspaper headlines, low-budget used here by wood tradition technology Kathah, Jane is watching in English.) I feel that the film has gotten a word-mouth after playing some of the big cities in the middle of the night with a carefully promoted campaign.It's great if the city has been slid in the art-film industry, and if the legal issues are resolved, Must be released in theaters, especially a midnight "cult" I want to give a release, but it's a classic wait. <br /> <br /> Do I understand each scene? No, but I think every scene was "Emotional". When I first saw it, I was interrupted many times. However, all Assembly-line waste play multiplexes and the actual Hollywood-built experiments such as the Faitish or Present Shot-On-Video Film-School reject the most alternate image. Recent Bob Dylan's film "Masked and Anonymous" Steven Soderbergh took similar possibilities as the full front. The film received more than one audience. If you've read this review for a few years now and the idea of ​​the film is intriguing, see if it's always released in the video. You will not be bored. Invite some friends ... make it a party. Play the excellent soundtrack LOUD. Whether he is a lifetime, Ed Wood is happy with the film and seems to have somewhat confirmed by making his unique look. Wood possibly even sat he could not release its manufacturing country to the image made in his tribute after his death, just as he always seemed to gain bad breaks in life.
