The premiere of the movie, focused on the theory of theories in the United States. It has the most sensational scenes in America, two different cultures. Has any such actions been defended? .. When the film is presented in the scene (Hickok and Smith drinking) these drugs are not drugs, no medication has any effect! It's a clear cut case of cool and calculated negotiations. Basically, these violent actions were the ultimate result of emotional and social neglect ... In 1975, we were the environment for the weaker differences in our country at any time ... However, this event takes place in 1959 !! This terrible revelation has deteriorated us and has degenerated into a race with racist morality! When the film "Capote", based on Truman Capote, the creator of the documentary "In Cold Blood", was released recently, the American people were newly attracted! Robert Blake played the role of Perry Smith, one of the villains in this film ... it clearly articulated his involvement in his personal life! Centers on the unrecorded topic of "Cold Blow" ... there is no retaliation without involvement, there is no durable gain to obtain, there is no potential for social progress here, it's just a cryptic and artificially sure point of combat which ends up not justify !! All the conditions that Hickok and Smith have heard are always unclear! Under the circumstances, why would they inadvertently get rid of their frustrations in an unsuspecting and innocent Kansas family? Gear (grandfather Walton) The gripping caprisyesses plays the role of a sick lawyer by this action! His argument is totally confident ... His argument is that "two men are not merciless now asking you now" is a line of logic. Jury members !! The indiscriminate allegation of your perilous misery in life can not be proven for capital crimes! This is the instincts of the Captain that should bring the action of violent acts to the American public. When it ends, it is the messenger of the coming things. "Cold Blood" made it !! This incident was calm before a storm on a related topic of the early 1960s radical! <br /> <br /> Truman Capote is doing a tremendous job of verifying this brutal incident in his book, along with the documentary ... Robert Blake and Scott Wilson acting in the film, as well as John Forsythey are great !! Director, Richard Brooks, ("Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", "Blackboard Jungle", "Elmer Crane" and "Key Largo" are some of the best!) I'm one of the best pictures in the history of movies "Cold Blood"! The film was filmed in two guilty portraits of deteriorating theatrics in the film and the film became a kind of happiness for finding a level throughout the country! .... This film leads to mental discontent, the guardians of a counter culture culture !! The ideals of our country are now very different, than they were in 1959 !! The film introduced American people to the emotional and void criminals that started such a dangerous transformation in our entire value system! I recommend all those who see this movie ... The central point of "Cold Blow" film "Capote"! Think about it, raising cinema about the film is a rare and respectable role in Hollywood! This is a ceremonial example of the film in "Cold Blood", which comes with intelligent personality and intellectual level and is absolutely remarkable in "Cold Blood"!
