Criminals believe that Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickok Mr. Clutter of Hollowomb, Kansas are delivering large amounts of cash in cash. On 15 November 1959, they murdered Mr. and Mrs. Clutter twice as a teenage son and daughter. Some people found and executed two people after the police investigation. Cold Blood (1967) was directed by Richard Brooks. Now, Truman Capote's novel is not readable, so I can not make comparisons. The film is actually doing an amazing job saying about the horrible events that took place. Robert Blake is wonderful as Perry. In fact, Blake a few years ago killed his wife in his own murder case. He is now free, but we still do not know the truth.Anyway, he is still a very good actor. Coet Wilson makes a great job as a hiccock. John Forsythe is a wonderful person like Alvin Dewey. Paul Stuart Jensen.Jeff is amazing as Corey Mr. Hickock. The same thing with Charles McGraw, Ruth Story his wife Bonne, Brenda Currine's daughter Nancy and Ken Hayek, son of Paul Hogg. Everything is great for them.We have to remember much from this movie.Perry went to hunt for gold in Mexico and said to Hikoko: Sierra Remember Bogart in Madre's Treasure? "And Blake is in the film as a boy! It's a pleasant moment when they ride the boy and his grandparents, collect bottles and stop them for refunds, and the dark moments are very haunting, Perry goes to kill that girl, Nancy Finally, and she said," Oh , Please, no "... it is impossible to explain the brutality of man, then the man who was executed The first time Hiccock and Perry talk to speak in the last movie of the film, we are looking at the end of Perry's cord.All movies and books sympathize with these villains, especially if Perry's role is considered to be sorry, his mother and father hates, but still loves. These actors are actually the actress The role of brutal murderers who did this are not bothered by anyone. They went to the house and killed the family as a whole, how cool raktanlomiru sanubhutiparustaru these people?
