Anyone who has a Hollywood film, who has a moderate sense of humor and mood, has a seasonal seals / Willis / Vaughn Dummies watching the film without being bluffed by the brains of anyone looking into the bed with anyone, intellectual, sympathetic, sensing, laughing, natural pale Heartfelt, happy with humorous humans, "Le Humeimé Jör von Dormal was not just a miracle, it was quite simple: he did one of the rare monumental monuments in the cinematographic world to ban any incomplete art, is not it a comedy? Wonderful funny pitiful frightened cute personality, the victim of downs syndrome. It's not a classic tear-jerk, but it's a mixture of compassion or kindness or feelings of the world or moving through a world of humiliation, warmth and affection. "Successful banking salesmere goes to Harry, Gorges: They are opposite in two opposite directions, completely opposite ideas, problems and Radhanyatalanu faced; Van Dormal skillfully mentions these two unfriendly men in a friendly friendship, but it is more than the friendship of their best friends with beer on the road. This creates a deep need for both of them. The QC-surrealist scenes are perfectly complete: George recalls or sleeps in the past of his life; Nearly the phantasmagorical final scene is also perfect. The only scene taking into account only one place when stealing a bus and walking out of the show-room. However, it does not remove from this amount. This film is a memorial. If your French is not too much, please check it with subtitles. `Le Hautei Jour 'is worth the trouble. For anything, well, just read the following comments? I will go with them. This film is a pleasure, it's great, it's unique. If you see 'Rain Man', I thought it was a fantastic movie and you should see it: this is popular because it's not the top layer of the famous Hollywood-produced world famous actors; Are Pascal Dukevin and Danielle Playlay? Ten Oscar for these two, and three more for Jaco von Dormal. Who cares ????????? Yes: If the IMDB rating crashes below the race, it's 10 in 11. <br /> Magnifici! Chapeau!
