The film is well known for its many features: Philip Dunne is a literary scripts by some brilliant performances, the first-rate production of each department and its brilliant directing by leading Henry King in a semi-religious film production. If a film is made, Lion Wheeler is the cinematographer of the film as art director, and Alfred Newman is the composer of the original music, which guarantees quality production. The cast of this film, including Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward, was produced by James Robertson, Raymond Massey, Kirron Moore, Zane Meadows and John Sutton plus Gwen Verdon and made into something special that could be the result of dance and projections. But in the biblical script, general subtlety for general motivations and spectacular disruptions, everything is ultimately based on the author's skills. Philip Dunne gave here a rare success in humans and Bible films. David did not perform any mythical works on the paper in the Old Testament paper. Gregory Peck makes him curious, passionate, self-controlled, self-denial and impressive. Like Bathsheba, Hayward is not the perfect choice, but the general sense of helping the nation of Israel to see why it's so dangerous for her is a good deal of land and emotion. The remaining cast is strong and capable through turns. They are less likely to work with familiar storytelling, but the author Dunny and the cast will make it possible for human situations. David's youth is said to be flashback; Jehovah's prophet has chosen to be the King of the Israelites, defeating Gaialath Fipipein in battle and making him both head of the king and Saul. After that, he will eventually be driven from Saul's court of the king of Israel, becomes a famous warrior, and the claim of the kingdom and Jonathan, a friend of Jonathan, has become the instrument of death. His battles were successful - the film actually opens with a successful attack scene; But his wife Michal, Jane Meadows, Saul's daughter and his life is empty because of his life. He turns to Bathsheba, who sees the palace naked from the roof; She later admitted that she would see herself. But her husband is Uriah. When she is pregnant, Uriah comes out of the battlefield and needs to spend time at home; He instead asks David to be at the forefront of the war after Verdon dancing. David agrees. He was killed as a war hero; But this does not solve the question of infidelity. Drought comes to Israel, and the phenomenon of the king's disloyalty is to blame. Finally, David put his hands on the ark of the treaty, recently taken to a temple and placed in a temple, inviting his god to kill others, and accidentally leading to the death of others who had come into contact with it - and nothing happened ... David broke out of the temple and rained his rainy ground finds. The film is always interesting, its types are scenes and physically beautiful. The director and writer use the observer theory, which is clearly more successful in humanity than in almost any movie outside Greekism - at East Cannon, this miracle is not a miracle, but such adventurous. . It is a recurring study of this dramatic endeavor, reminiscent of its luminous perfection, good performances and intelligent communication.
