I'm not hesitant to play this game I'm not a fan of first person shooters. After playing the show I was sold. "Andreas" really carries the part of the universe that will pull you in and your character is in. You have special powers to have this green amulet called "geljiab stone" and look at specific events or things to warn you. With a spellly spell "sweater" you can see some things that you do not see. Walking in a hall To hear the magic stone whisper: "See", the stone example shines with a drawing. And then using Scrye Spell you can see some strange and creepy stuff in painting. I want to witness as horrific as hell. People who want to complete the game within a few hours will also forget the use of cheats. This game depends on the character using humor and runs carefully around. Because your surroundings in the horror film are usually very dark. And ghosts and monster appear randomly when you can not imagine them and kill you very quickly. This scene is where you want to enter a room that goes back with such great power that you can take to realize what happened. This horror classic "Evil Dead" is a scene that will come straight out! There is a real accomplishment to experience something like this. There are a lot of things to do with "Undying" to the best classic horror movies ever produced. But I have to report that there are some errors. The universe you are playing for something is very big. You start in a large building with all sorts of hidden, secret rooms and a mysterious hell-size called "Onyros". That's fine in the beginning. But among all the load times and some difficult enemies may be frustrating. And not the map. The game will remember your surroundings. So patience is needed. All you need to do is have some jumping puzzles that you will not progress. I do not mind jumping on platforms on third person expeditions. But in the first person mode may be an annoying work. Fortunately you can save it anytime and anywhere. And trust me you need it. Overall, "Endless" is an exceptional first-person shooter to be played by a horror or game fan.
