<br /> <br /> The worst thing about this film is that only eight people have thought of reviewing it and wanting to leave a comment on the boards of no-one. <br /> Made in the same year as Philadelphia ... Tom Hanks Oscar winner ... This film should have people really seen and given awards. <br /> <br /> These two individuals have more humanity, life, love, sensitivity and aesthetics than any of the other gay pictures I've seen ... this is true. I need to leave a few more lines of text: it's really enough to "bite the cocktails" of people who want to know someone like being 60's and 70's of the same kind of modern drugs, <br /> Oh, I will add a personal comment about AIDS. Despite everything, there really is a silver lining of all the horrors. When AIDS first arrived, it was called "gay cancer", and suggested that governments "die" because a red percent of research costs to protect a variety of bags. Then it became clear that AIDS was also a hereditary disease. But the government is not ready for it; Hence, if the poor people are ill, the only available organizations and homosexuals are set up by homosexuals (examples: The Payment Project: AIDS is remembered for all dead people) and people suddenly find that they do not have to deal with homosexuals in their normal life Chi, they needed, because there are no other organizations. This close relationship, in the end of my assessment, breaks off obscene barriers and allows the world to accept equal access to homosexuality. When Aids first came into the scene, many of us thought that the mysterious world could be hard on us ... even though the stitches were not suddenly ill, it's true. Straits, however, in homosexuality - when I write, there are at least 5 countries in the world who accept gay marriage - these profits probably have to bring us a long time without AIDS. Together. It is sad that all the common people - directly and homosexuals - want to die before becoming more visible to all of our people - but what I write here is true, and I feel - then I should take that to know that all of those people are in vain.
