Walt Disney and his 9 Old Men put their own 1950s spin on the classic fairy tale of Cinderella, which can say that it helps the unofficial "Fairytale Princess Trio" from classic Disney years. Plot: Cinderella is a nice girl who can not catch a break. Her mother died when Cinderella was very young, and Cindy felt that she needed a mother's role, eventually married to a woman called Lady Tremerman, and she had two daughters of the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Derrigella. At first they all seemed to be together, but later Cinderella's father was dead and revealed the true nature of Lady Trimine - her cold, cruel, merciless, heartfelt, zealous woman, and she understood that her daughters were spoiled, bratie, and equally enthusiastic. Anastasia and Derrigella hated Cinderella, who treat her well and hire Cindy for herself more attractive than a woman (i.e., more attractive to men) and their mother Lady Tremine. During the years Lady Tremine began to divide the family fortune in a stubborn and wasteful quest to improve / purify her uncomfortable, unattractive daughters (herself insulting people everywhere to call them "holi"), her house-mate, misuse her, misusing her, a She was led to humiliation (especially if she is to increase the performance of the absurd). She brings us to Cinderella right now, as she bloom into a good looking young woman who manages to somehow be kindly and nice despite her abusive Dasha family who someday hope the tables will change her favor. <br /> <br /> Cinderella receives her shot with freedom and pleasure, to introduce herself to a deserving young man, to take her as a wife, and naturally, her step-by-step family physically harass her and the clothes she collects herself (her rat friends With a little help - the dress belongs to her biological mother). Finally ahead of her breaking point, Cinderella walks out of the campus and cries with frustration. This is her fairy godmother, a small, plump, pleasant lady, arrives and offers a cinderella with transport and a variant (after all, Cinderella looked at the scene when she was raped). Cindy arrives at the ball, Prince is difficult for her, but that awkward midnight rule comes this way, forced her to flee, but left behind a glass slipper. Cinderella found the mystery girl by attempting a glass slipper, and she was so happy that she and the bride were getting married. Overall, enjoyable Disney classic. He has a very little screen time and lesser conversation, so we get to know him very well or have a good opinion about his relationship with Cinderella (according to the documentary, Prince is actually a big And intended to play the role) She was thrown out of her step-family post to clean her house, not only to cut herself but also to cut her home to show her fun with her jealousy, but a song she showed as she cut herself, Walt felt she was hating herself). Cinderella, however, is her favorite heroine, even though her rats are overwhelmed by friends, it's hard to come these days. Cinderella is probably the scene in the scene where she struggles with her family and takes herself in the climax (by locking it or by looking spectacularly exciting and exciting) <br /> <br /> Cinderella is a bad example for younger players, At least Cinderella publicly Aginanduku go and expose the dirty, some of the "princesses" but (if you know what I mean) apart.
