Legendary filmmaker Walt Disney brought to life the greatest fairy tales in the world. They are all the most popular animated films of all time. His first classic, "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", was first released in 1937. Finally, "Sleeping Beauty" was the last in 1959. In the midst of both of these, he is the most satisfying success story of classic: "Cinderella" (1950). In all three films, "Cinderella" is the most reliable of its roots. Ironically, unlike "Snow White", it has become the perfect version of the story, either good or bad. "Cinderella" did not follow the same route. Despite this hit, "Snow White" was responsible for restoring the reduced Disney fortunes, which certainly did not achieve the same audience's identity. Once Disney was proud of himself, it would not be possible to add the material to the story rather than a classic, rather than a classic, and add the ingredient instead. The result is enchanting. <br /> <br /> The amazing animation combination (in a pretty soft technicolor) and accurate voice talents brought a bright life story to this day. Ellen Woods, a radio artist, recorded songs on discs with the support of the writers, Al Huffman, Mac David, and Jerry Livingstone. When Disney heard them, he found his Cinderella. Actually he was. "A Dream Is You With Your Heart Makes", "So This This Love" and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" are the heartfelt performances of Woods. Eleanor Audley walked out to play in the "Sleeping Beauty" Maleficent, when Rodo Williams and Lucille Blisz were given nasty stunts at the deal, and cruelly seized the stepmother's mother's cruelty. Louis van Rütten performed greatly the King and Grand Duke, and James MacDonald was graceful in both Jack and Gus, Cinderella's dedicated mice. William Phipps is the prince (although the future talk show host Mike Douglas has given his voice vocals), but the film (and Disney), the famous Verna Felton, was born to play the fairy tale and made her the best number (Oscar-nominated "BBBD-Bobbdie-Bo" ) Her own show-stopper. <br /> <br /> Marie Blair, who was responsible for the "Look" of the film, admires the color of Disney's color of inspiration. Her elegant French-era backgrounds are excellent for cinematic quality. But, the most important of all is the belief characters - from Cinderella, right down to Lucifer, stepmother mother's deliciously evil cat. <br /> <br /> Cinema was released on a special edition DVD with the 55th Anniversary of the Cinema (and, incidentally, not the upcoming holiday). It never looked good. Full refreshed image must see - enough to say, it is amazing. The improved stereo soundtrack is added and is very useful for music. DVD extras are now the standard part of the Disney Platinum Editions, but there are many who are directed towards some children, with some adults moving, and the rest will fall somewhere. But true fans would like to get a deluxe gift set because the original and original version with eight character sketches included a 160 pages hardback book, featuring many of the features found in the book 1995 Special Edition Home Video Release, but very well. As for Disney, "Cinderella" is only available for a limited time. So, if it's like me, you're a "Cinderella" lover, get it now! This edition really is a "dream come true."
