Dashing Hammet and Raymond Chandler's hard-boiled detective stories have been set up for chicken coop in chicken coop - in fact the creation of modern American style and style - what is the view of what is known as Golden Age fiction. The problem of books, such as Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayier's or SS Van Dine (whose work depends on this film), are some of them in action or variety - Sam Spad or Philip Marlowe LA, Working Class Pentiments, Bars, Offices, Rich Builds and All Kinds To meet exciting hazards and violence, Golden Age fiction is usually the city, a scene of murder, usually a Lasavantamaina country house, and the action for clues and interviewing suspects. <br /> <br /> It is the most consistent process, the golden age stories dealing with a society that is in conflict with the movement and the movement. Strongly steaming novels divide urban realism into a largely hub (power and two parts of the city), enmity, into uncontrollable and unlawful camps. Another major issue with the Golden Age fiction is that we do not know the crime answers to the end because we can not get access to the motivations or emotions of the characters and completely define their ability to murder. Unlike anxious and mischievous private eyes, the detective is bright and perhaps slightly unusual. <br /> <br /> The problem with the many films that come from the Golden Age books are the remake of Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen School, and the silly looking end. Successes were made, such as Ellery Queen and others, revolutionary remakes of Claude Chabrol. In the English speaking world, there are only two. Alistair Sim Classic, 'Green For Danger', works because it does not deceive the interest or interest of the mystery, it becomes almost parody. <br /> <br /> Michael Curtiz's brilliant 'The Kennel Murder Case' before. The narrative is pure golden age. A repulsive role that gives potential suspects to cause him to be killed has been introduced. As he suggests suicide, as he experiences in a locked room, he becomes a vague misleading. Caliphate policemen will be helpless for bait. This is the folio vans, gentleman and enthusiastic detective, opening the case from the limits of the room, and eventually corpus intellectual inspiration to solve the case, rather than the old or fat, the credentials. <br /> <br /> Interestingly, this detective is not a plot - it can always be dissatisfied with all the solutions - it's fun and fun rather than full of comic bits of business. There is not really an attempt to 'suppress' the image of a precise detective - threatening to cover up an offender without a protest from a ruthless sergeant Vance, but it's about it. <br /> Marx's 'kennel' as a classic is its modernity. Kurtis is not generally considered to be a great film, because he does not have the basis for sustainable themes or artistic development. But he is a great artist of Hollywood, and he is a sensational form here. If the Golden Age detective story is just a puzzle, Curtis logically takes this idea seriously, creating an abstract variation on its origin, narrating the story, character and place geometry, range of sequences, beautiful art-deco sets of spectacular camera movements that break away from a constant composition, and They are angry at the angle and dead decor Ivitanni enjoy. <br /> <br /> This treatment is suitable for a story that denies the originality, as the two Central Brothers, or the original guilty, the detective's plot becomes a mirror hall, taken from the book 'Ansold Mysteries'. The vans of Oriental relics (the shadow of 'Moonstone'?), The insane Chinese servants, former-butts butler, dog-beloved fracture, runonoscopic cops, and collected evil men, vans leave a cruise to Europe in a fantasy hunch known to this people's social world, And with the co-operation of the police he was stigmatized, or he thought the machine, the William decade Powell stated in his strange confidence that humanity is the greatest American Comedian. <br /> <br /> Although the treatment is rare, the climax is brilliant, in which there are evil dogs and assassins. Police and detectives feel guilty of crimes, guilty of inducing someone.
