Each horror fan owes herself (or herself), and Emilio Miraglia's "La Dama Rosa Uccide Sette Volte" aka some of the films. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" (1972) is definitely one of them. As my two favorite sub-groups in the Geolay and Gothic teals horror, I've been looking forward to watching this film for a long time, and my imagination has surpassed my great hopes, even though my expectations are high. Miraglia's former Giovo, "The Night Evelyn Come Out of the Grave" (1971) is already Gary and the most meticulous film, which successfully mixed with Gothi Horror, but can not compare this instant personal favorite. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times", is one of the most distinct and extravagant Italian horror films ever made. A magnificent enchanting Giovell with strong gothic elements, "The Red Queen" provides everything in a sub-genre: a discovery and an incredible plot, spine-chilling suspense, a sublime abnormal arrangement and a virtually creepy atmosphere, strangely rising stylish murders, a brilliant score , And, at least, a rav by the beautifully Barbara Bouchet ishing male cast lead - this film is just elegant beauty and one of the finest of the pure tear. <br /> <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a lot in a beautiful gothic castle in Germany. The children, Kitty Wildenbrook and her sister Evelyn, are struggling when their grandfather tells the story behind a very unusual painting: Legend says that a ruthless red lady will go back to the castle every seven years and kill seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) became a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly, people start to kill ... Director Miraglia has already proved his brilliant talent for style, atmosphere and colorful cruelty with "The Night Evelyn Cave Out of the Gravesto" and he uses these elements more effectively in these gems. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is really a feast for the eyes and is one of the most Italian horror films in the visual and plot-wise manner. The hunter painting alone in the grandfather's castle can give the viewer goosebumps. Red Lady (or Red Queen, herself called the English title) is undoubtedly the most heartfelt guy in the Guilty, with the murdered spine chilling laugh even frightening her own. <br /> <br /> A sexy female cast is always appreciated in Giolo, a major example of this. Victor Barbara Bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) should be one of the most beautiful beautiful women on screen and she is also a great actress. The origin of Bouchet's "Milano Calibro 9" by Fernando de Leo in a year (1972), Lucio Fullse's Gioyo-Highlight "Don", played in three great cult-works in the Italian 70s, "The Slave Duckling" and this unforgettable gem. Unlike the wonderful Miss Bouchet, the beautiful female cast of this film is sexy young cybled dancing, Marina Malfitti ("The Night Evelyn cam out of the <br /> <br /> In the whole movie, the murders are stylish and very elegant, scary and terrifying, and some of them are gory.Bruno Nikolai's mesmerizing score marks it as memorable And the film's most majestic atmosphere makes it more and more sudden. Erringlato is filled with tension reaches every passing minute. "The Red Queen ..." creepy in the last second, and it is awesome. Overall, this is one of the films that I have not received enough praise. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a complete masterpiece, which is the best of the best giants ever made and is the best priority for every fan of horror and / or Italian films. 10/10
