Michael Curtis directed the 1930's most beautiful hoodwink from Robert Presley Sr., Robert N. Lee and scripted by Peter Meine. Satirical S.S. Although the best of Fello Vance's mysteries from the author's perspective by Van Dine, they adopted "The Kennel Murder Case". Vance's role as a long-term and high-profile detective genius and his role as William Powell was probably the low-level executives at Warner Bros. The Detective learned about the possibility of avoiding viewers. Fortunately they handed the role to Vivel Powell. He then played Basil Rathbone, Warren William, and Paul Lucas before being transferred to "B" film title. Warner Bros. executives always asked other questions about why they chose Vance; The choice of men who work outside the lawyer is chosen as the winner of the individual rights against the obvious discrimination between the evil and the evil murderer and all the dreams. There is a villain who killed this film, a claustrophobic challenge lounge inside the apartment complex. The characters are exceptionally exceptionally well-worn, fine-looking and exceptionally fast; And with the exception of a dark B / W look, the film eliminates the absurd dialogue of the comic asides, excessive characters and many early detective entries. Jack Oke has a good art direction. Music by Berhard Kaun Ori-Kelly has done the clothes. William Rees has provided mostly indoor cinematography. In the cast of Powell, Powell wonders Phil Wance of his time, most intelligently with the hint of intellectual and ridiculous humor here. Eugene Palette praised Vance with his professional career, better than a normal role as a police partner. The other actor, Paul Kavang, who is the best actor, is the most effective piece of writing as part of the beautiful red herring. Mary Astor was attractive but she spoke of her ability to be as effective as she later proved to be her career. Villain's Woman, Jack La Rui, Ralph Morgan (brother of the best Frank Morgan) Mc Wade DA in the role of the villain, Archer, Co, and Frank Conroyai as his favorite brother with Robert; Quirky and funny eienen girardot is a delightful witty piece that comes with a funny little forensics doctor. James Lee is excellent and intelligent as a dishonest Chinese servant. The story is divided into four parts. The first dog show has shade tasks, where vans, ko and kavanagh show all the west highland terriers. Cavan's dog is killed by Ko, to prevent him from winning the title on his own entry. The second part of the scene is vacation-taking; Someone is confused when someone goes wrong after his girlfriend, Wisson, after going to the killings to murder his niece brother. Enter Vance, find out who was in a locked room and how, with the palette assisted in Archer Ko; Sexual difficulties are strapped up, a Chinese worker finds, who knows who broke expensive vase, who did Archer's coach and why Butler did not do that, whom he married - but made good. This was a very hard decision by director Kurtyz who was born in a skilled Hungary, which is a good-looking secret. He used alternatives between the wipers, the swift cuts, the camera's perspective and the straightforward and daring camera work to achieve different, interest and continuous speed. Many writers, critics and experts have included me, which is considered to be the best in Vance projects, while others are also expected.
