The urbane gentleman of the district attorney, Crime-Silver Philo Vance (William Powell), said, "I'm more confident that Archer Ko was killed in this room, fragments ... it's right here." "But Vance," said Markh, "Are dead people going upstairs? " "I tell you the truth is not true," Vance says. "It's so wonderful in my experience." <br /> <br /> We are sympathetic. The wealthy, proud archer Co, ran to a chair in his bedroom, where he had a pistol in his hand and a gunshot wound on his head. But wait. In the next test shows, the tear was severely damaged by a bloated device that breaks his skull. Then there was a wound on his back. The controversy is that the Koise's bedroom doors and windows are locked inside. Co is no suicide; It is murder. But how did the killer escape? What is special inspiration for many suspects? Why did brother's brother, Brisbane Co, die in the main floor room? <br /> Now the Kennel Murder Case, 73 years old, still offers a beautiful look at the old locked room classic hoodiness. It's the first to work, the mystery is complicated and intelligent, but still logical. The second is William Powell's ridiculous, guaranteed performance. Consider his work on Philo Vance as something of a rehearsal for Neo Charles for his great performances. Some things vance escapes. He uses his feelings without being sold side by side. He is also a good company. Pavel Twenties was an actor and raised the status and popularity when the Talkies took over. His intelligence, style and effortlessly sophisticated displays have shown many contemporary actors from the past. <br /> <br /> Looking at some other great faces that are still pleasant. Hilda Lake, Mary's young, relentless and efficient great ward is Mary Astor; Paul Kavanag as the famous Brit named Hilda; Helen Visson is particularly intimidated and selfish with her (she really see her in Vogues of 1938); Etienne Gerardot, an elderly elderly doctor, Dorumus, puts his job away from his dinner as an afternoon and a medical observer; And personal secretary of Ralph Morgan Archer Co. In this film, slightly middle aged men can easily wear English-cutted exercises without fat fatty. Most of all is Eugene Palette, with his great belly and kangaroo voice, Detective Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance are long-time acquaintances.
