Stress born in a moral dilemma of pits of conscience against the medieval crisis - or possibly the catalyst - Henry Bromell wrote and directed the dark and absorbing drama, 'Panic, 'By William H. Mackie and Donald Sutherland. <br /> <br /> Alexander (Alex) Maki) He is a loving wife Martha (Tracey Ulman), a premature six year old son, Sammy (David Darfman), who runs out of the house, as well as his main source of income, family 'business he is his father, Michael (Sutherland) and his mother, Dedrey (Barbara) Bain). But he is empty; The years following this special trade led him to numb and separated, put him in a state of mind, guided by a psychologist, Dr Josh Parks (John Ritter). In the Park Parks waiting room he met a young Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), and he feels he is alive for the first time since he remembers his existence. . She is another brick on the wall of her moral controversy on her job, and she can not be thinking of her in the next couple of days. Throughout his life, he became a "situation" - he was unsuccessful to succeed in hurting what he loved. He refuses his age and the fact that he has fallen into a real Midlife crisis, but finds out that he has not just returned to his own place. He is at a crossroads, and he will decide in what way to go. <br /> <br /> From a concept that is internally interesting, Bromley participated in a clever and dynamic character study and the way he allows it. The movements of the reflection can stimulate audiences and make it easy for Alex to understand. He makes it clear that there is no simple way in real life, no simple answers. His characters are well defined and are real people who represent the variation in life and are in the family division. The father's sins are not inaccurate, with the consequences and influences that have not occurred, were born with remorse. As you grow up, you must accept your personal environment as the world's elder; And often begin to recognize and understand the moral parameters established by each individual on the planet, and the father comes to youth for years that may not be suitable for son's theories. And Alex finds himself as the story mocks; ergo, midlife crisis, or more specifically, the crisis of conscience which he can not escape. <br /> <br /> For a while, William H. The premiere role of Mackie's business is one of the stars, Bromell, a powerful message that is brief and delicate. , 'Magnolia', 'Crew Kid Donnie Smith', 'The Mystery Men' by The Showwell and 'Fargo' in Jerry Lundegard. And it's like many of his achievements. At one point in the film, Sarah refers to Alex's "sad eyes" and has a lot of words here, which has Macy's performance strength, the ability to express genuine emotion, an experiencing internal crisis. Standing in the dark, let's look at the scene where he wakes up in bed. In the moment of that homeless he has brought him everything in his immediate situation, in the end, he is clear that he is wearing. In that scene you will find the life of guilt, confusion and uncertainty, all of which have been successfully suppressed; Almost all the things that are primarily in Alex's life, now breaking through its defense mechanisms and finally seeking a surface, clash and resolution. Alex is a complex character created and distributed by Macy with absolute certainty that can truly be remembered. This is associated with anyone who faced the seemingly insurmountable inequality situation. It's an amazing piece of work by one of the best actors around. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is very effective; It's a very bad momentum because his Michael is sprinkling. It's actually intimidating, in fact, that there are people who run the land. It is not a pulp fiction or a James Bond type villain, but a true personality of evil, which hides behind the external appearance of the ordinary, as he is the next door, which makes it more insulting. <br /> <br /> "Here is the positive aspect of the film, and she occasionally encounters her powers, "Panic," however, is one of her best efforts, a powerful movie, and ultimately a journey well worth 9/10.
