Last Christmas, I was fortunate enough to receive one of my Best Bounced Half of the 1200 Ultimate Bourne Box sets but kept it off watching the last part of the trilogy until yesterday. Instead of successfully succeeding through the recent triangles, I'm somewhat cautious near the "The Bourne Ultimatum", but I'm not really worried. Combining electric activity scenes and struggling scenes with effortless mixing of intelligent story lines make me look very good action thrillers and make it astonishingly breathtaking. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) After a clear leak about Operation BlackBerry - a new program based on the old Tred Stone project - journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) at the Guardian. Bourne once again chose a sidewalk, but others are expected to continue with the power to restore the rogue agent to the Bourne himself, including Deputy Director Noah Vogen (David Strathairn) at the CIA. Does Bourne finally find the answers he is searching for, or do his good employees quietly silence? <br /> <br /> Personally, I was disappointed with "The Bourne Supremacy", which left the trademark reality of its scenes and focused on the right spy film. It's totally lost but compared to the wonderful "Bourne Identity", it appears to be a much more slow burning spy novel than an action thriller. There are no such worries here - every car accident, punch, kick and pistol firefalls are enjoyed by the wizard but thankfully, its awesome intelligent and gripped spy story still depends on the action around. It combines two previous photographs and provides the correct booking for the trio as detailed and expanded up to the full range. The performances are almost flawless - Julia Styles begins to offer something more than the book-worm eye-candy. Similar to other Bourne films, the original novel is very small, but even if you're a die hard hard-lan fan, this is not really the real reason for the film's interest. <br /> <br /> Despite surprise and my fears, "The Bourne Ultimatum" is a bone-cracking film with enough bone-crunching action to satisfy the meat. A plot that threatens to allow yourself to your attention for a minute. At the ultimate reel, you're not sure whether or not you're happy with the happy ending, but if you're a fan of the series or not (and otherwise, what else do you need?), This film really needs to be tracked down as soon as you can. The producers of this series did not force the film to repeat forty-o'clock the history of the film. Bourne is more modern compared to "Austin Powers" as a modern spy hero and recent Bond films "Reboot" which are seriously needed for the "Casino Royale" band series. Jason Bourne is a valuable crime for the missing character from the movies - get a copy of the DVD to you. While not the ultimate Bourne collection - limited edition, I'm scared!
