When Bourne Identity came five years ago, I agree that I do not think so much. At that time I was eleven years old, so I was very young to go to the hero and understand the whole scenario. When I came to Bourne Supremacy two years ago I thought it was better than recognition but I did not think it would be good if I expected to judge by the trailers. Over the past two years I have been told many times that the Bourne films are excellent, many times my tongue has got to bite and I do not really think about movies. Until two months ago I was not able to swallow Bourne Ultimatum, it was not intended to be seen. But I decided to go back the first two before making any sudden decisions. So I went out and bought the original movies. I wonder what happened to them. Identity I found two highs, but the dominance is not far behind. I'm bored, I've seen many times since the purchase of thriller cinemas in Action Pack and theaters. For this reason, I'm already in the front to see Bourne Ultimatum. And the boy does not disappoint Bourne Ultimatum! <br /> <br /> Before I appeared in Matt Damon Born films, there was none of my favorite actors, I saw him in a talented Mr. Ripley, but I never thought of him much. Nevertheless, he was born to play Born (apologetic apology). In this series we saw a change of character before our eyes, and I felt that Matt Damon was the best thing in The Departed, considering Matt Damon better than his department. You really care for the character and see the hope that he finds everything. Matt Damon plays the role with a quiet intensity and you always find his character very believable. The supporting cast of this film is also awesome. Jon Allen is one of my favorite works at Bourne Supremacy, where she is the best. Her role is also very believable and her film is ultimately starring. Julia Styles again become Nicky, and finally she will learn a little about her role. Julia Styles is a much lesser esteemed actress and she plays many roles, good characters, more than she gets. David Strathairn is new to this series Noah Wozen, who is definitely the bad guy of the film and he is really excited. He certainly has the nastiest role we have ever met, and some of the decisions he makes are really nasty. The film plays the role of Strathairn and he also gets some amazing scenes in the film. Special mention also goes to Albert Finney, which makes him a very brief screen time, I can not say anything about that role, it's awesome, but I believe in some of the scenes from the movie. <br /> <br /> Bourne films have always had a definite perspective on the storyline than the action sequences, the trilogy does not have action sequences, the good God drops all of them in the movies. But there is a well written and well-documented storyline throughout the film. This storyline is expected to be predictable in this story. I saw the supremacy of the night before I saw Alpematam, and I could find some small parts because it was nice. The last scene in Supermassion in New York, the most important thing I ever imagined at that time. It does not spoil the people but I will check the Supremacy before watching the Ultimatum. Unfortunately for most people they see Ultimatum in full action sequences. This is a part of what I say is to condemn such people and watch it for the storyline, but if I do not say Bourne's series is my favorite episodes, I will lie. The small car chase in the identity chases one of my favorite car all the time. In the ultimate ultimate action is the best in the series Bourne series. In fact, the film opened an action scene in Moscow. So at the intervals of the movie we'll get many punch-ups, all violent and frightening ruthless. Chase a bike absolutely amazing, chase which is amazing in many feet, chase a thrilling car unforgettable, and oh more! <br /> <br /> The scenery at Waterloo Station does not destroy it, but for some reason I get stuck. <br /> <br /> Any errors for this image? No of my eyes, but if you are not a fan of the Bourne series or have not seen the previous two I would not recommend ultimatum for you. The franchisee gets better and the film tries to win any new fans so it adds a nice bit storyline and action scenes to the top. The Bourne Ultimatum is the best of the series and the best blockbuster of 2007. As a James Bond fan, Ultimatum is better than a majority of Bond films, and it's a lot to tell me if I believe it. Although the Bourne series is not a better franchise than the Bourne series, it is almost identical.
