In the years, we can see many of the innocent things that the writers do, but in the first place I thought, to keep the show "8 Simple Rules" after the death of John Reuter. The idea of ​​"The 70s Show" without Ellic or Kelso at the lowest level is ridiculous. They tried to cover it with Leo's reunion and rising stories, but it is always felt that you're always struggling when there is not a major role. It's not just really connecting, it's a bunch of things that are not too funny and not too involved. Eric has used a lot of screen sessions because last season each season had a great deal of feeling and now the rest of the characters are smashed on our face as old and recurring. Faz was absolutely interesting and the character just dropped out of work, because he would not speak out of nowhere and go out somewhere, every second line is yours. They also brought in the standard cousin Oliver, this time it's not just a kid. You heard someone knock on the door, you started praying not to randy, let it not come randy. The deal with Randy thought he really wanted to make horror jokes, usually red, smiling like a donkey, thoroughly throwing the delivery and sticking the dons. I think I was pretending Donna amused over half past season. There have been problems earlier: once a great idea is not about a troubled family but slowly into the soap opera territory. Began to fall in love with all of the emotional scenes, just as a general lame jack was placed somewhere in order to divert attention only to "Generally The World Turns". I'm guessing the development of this character, but I'm writing briefly from moral lessons from "Family Matters". <br /> <br /> In fair and final episode, it is good, but it's not funny, because it has a guest role in Top Horse (a guest role in his own show). <br /> Furthermore, more criticism in season 8: What is hell with the opening theme? They do not use the same Jokes twice (a character is not spoiled), and Fel me mischief from me. Dude, do not open your eyes too far. But the first five seasons or the best comedy are the best comedy.
