<br /> <br /> First, Red is the father of the Foreman family and a WWII veteran, sitting at the kitchen table and reading his newspaper, his happiest wife Kitty offers breakfast. Then their untouched son, Eric comes up, starts his daily substance involving placing his foot behind the table as well as his dad, and generally putting his foot behind Eric (where the reason is inserted). When his lovely angel-faced sister Larry comes home, she goes along, then stopping and talking to her, Eric leaves out of the family. <br /> <br /> Everyday, this painful ritual Eric runs in his basement, and all his friends have already been assembled. And when we come to see them, it's clearly people around Eric and his Redhead boyfriend, next door neighbor and childhood friend Donna Pincicotti. Meat Steven Hyde, a hated conspiracy theorist of the disco and really does not care about what's really funny to see; Michael Kelso, the kind of person he'd get through his life through his life and the carrots grow in the trees; Jackie Burkhardt, thinks she is a beautiful teenager, stolen the kid's great father, and of course, cheerleader; And Fazz, an innocent but overseaed alien loves candy and can not keep a secret. First they are just making fun of Casinos, entertaining, but they all sit in a circle and start a real fun program ... they will worry before doing something. Meanwhile, Red goes out and meets Donna's Weirdeo parents, Bob and Midge. He is a barbarian, but they do not care because they think he's joking. Nowhere is Leo around, an aging hippie, who constantly makes the word plays without confusion and even noticing. <br /> <br /> Do you imagine that uncertain peaceful neighbor with all these fantastic characters? However, many people may feel "cliched", but this shows the show cliche to a new level. Now some of the nasty storytelling stories can provide some sitcom, sit and enjoy one of the best TVs ever. This is not the same thing, and this is not one of the "funny funny", compared to most comic books that are absolutely silly. If you're hooked, do not let this presentation go. Cut the hook over and over and, man, you'll see the sitcom genre from the whole new fiance.
