Before seeing this, I was just looking forward to another mediocre soft core copy of the "Emmanuel" series that was quite fittingly starring Sylvia Crystal. It's really surprising. It's actually a story, and it really is very romantic. 'Yellow Emanuel' is good, it's heroine, beautiful and exotic chai lee. The dancer plays Emy Wang, her self, having her feel dancing around her dreams just to feel something for her. Emy Wong is a very respected doctor, idolatry, with a regal quality. The oldest rituals still belong to an important old family practiced. Emmy is a virgin until she's married, and she never met. The beautiful doctor looks perfectly with the marriage. This is how she happens in the world. Nevertheless, she falls in a meeting and love with a British pilot that ends her care in a hospital where she works. Eli decides to stay away from tradition, and she gives her to her Western man. But after a long pastime as Doctor Wong, nothing but an easy woman. She is a pilot, George, a good man, and she promises to marry Em, so she has lost her respect and position in her rigid society. A third party, an Ilona Staller, who ruin their relationship through a series of poisonous games. Emmy believes that she has left her man, and she feels she has played with him only to sleep with her. In the community she was replaced, she was hurt. This priceless, elegant woman takes a surprisingly dramatic and discouraging turn of this film to surrender his career, as well as a sweet relationship with his caring father, and the alcoholism and prostitution life. I was so surprised that I was drowning in this awful tragic story. I'm on the edge of my seat when I'm back to George Town, and I'm unaware of the hotel, which is her cute Emy prostitute! Classic play. I imagine that many of the audience are bored a bit all this play. There's a sex and nudity expect here, but not too much. And when, it's totally non-exploitative, and very artsy and soft-core. If you are the first Emmanuel fan of Sylvia Crystal, you make it a little more appreciated than the classic. I got extra attention to the details. The whole area that takes the mouse to his father's home on the island is really good. Her father exhibits the gorge, and the viewer sees the impressive collection of bungee trees. He is the smallest jungle built from these magnificent trees. Absolutely unexpected. After last night's cable TV got hold of it a year ago, I spent a lot of time with the Internet to copy the image. I finally got it and I found that the video version is longer. More sex? No, more play. George is suddenly moving suddenly with some unknown fatal illness for DVD release! I really liked the cable version. I'm glad this rare gem is finally released on DVD. I also need to specify the soundtrack of beautiful cinematography and the bizarre and impressive 70s. While looking at this one you get the feeling that you are just too rare, and looking something very special. I recommend watching viewers who do not need sex and violence to protect their interests.
