For the first time in a large sensation in Sweden, one of the largest art-house hits in Sweden is a film near the rhyme rhyme (yellow and blue) that I found in the Curious (Yellow and Blue) two films, a print scandal and a print scandal in the United States The Supreme Court went all the way. What the crime is revealed by the sex of the movie What the crime or the director nudity-maybe / "actor" Vilgot Sjoman films have different sequences of meat and genetics and today is not so much powerful news but it is always very difficult-it's a very thin-but- The courage of the pure "metaphilyme" effort, at the same time self in Sweden A true statement on the feasts will be made. Who usually knows such things in a peaceful country (which is generally neutral in foreign affairs and battles)? At least, that's part of Sjoman's goal here. Politics and Sex (Most Politics and Mix <br /> <br />) Some of his writings such as the WR play a role in a film in the middle of Szoman, such as Dusan Makavajev (like surreal and disturbing) or slightly less bartokosi as a filmmaker, It made a comment for playing it. The two characters, Lena and Borzé, Lena are a socially cool relationship in the story in a cabin in the woods with the socialist-wannabe and 'trains' in the woods with a "interesting" nonviolence staged in the street, as a fully functioning one, while her car salesman boyfriend It will be very interesting about. Sjoman is tuned to make this film in the movie from time to time (where a rock bit concert, title cards to fill the staff during the break and use the end credits!) With these scenes, Hey, I'm the director of the director "bit. <br /> <br /> First of all, I am unable to find this structure and I've seen Curious (yellow), Lenny saw a documentary interviewer class, Socialism, Spain and Franco, and once Lenny's father or Björ. But Sjoman does something interesting: the structure slid so as the viewer has to stay on a toes; It's also an intense interview with Martin Luther King, who has worked on a partial-guru for a film many years dramatic narrative, documentary, not cinematic, and a semi-guru for Lena, which is surprised with not being afraid of mix. It may not always be politically completely unilateral analysis, but in Goddard's fraudulent agenda does not even cheat or feel; The satire is similar to the Sajjon Goddard, but with the remaining wavelength. His anarchism is hilarious, but it is not fully loaded with semantics or tricks that eliminate the less stimulated viewer. <br /> Whenever I make curious (yellow) an intellectual institution and a full-scale visit is attractive for what is sexually harbored and how well it is and all of the actors have liked it, it is not entirely unsuccessful, I feel emotional. If the Bergman has a tie with emotional movements with structured tendencies, Sajan is more likely to connect with specific ideas, even if it is not always well directed at the time when it comes time to perform large or obscure scenes with actors. Only the actors, Lena Nyman and Borez Ahlstedt (a volatile Lena great realistic counter) (a volatile Lena great realistic counter) (sympathetic and vulnerable is also mostly amazing here in a show that asks her to make an amusing but confused kid), but some 40 years later Deliberately) Sjoman fills up on clichés (Borse is a snake It's hard to connect everything that happens in Lina and Borzie's interior-film from where she left, how will Lena? <br /> <br /> And if Sjoman has any errors, I mean he's commenting himself, Curious yellow) tests what is happening in Swedish films or listen to the provocative and humorous Bending test may be for yoga, it is beautiful in an artistic experiment. I went to say that it was effective and was copied or imitated in more than one way (such as the film in the end, echoing poor use in funny games), and that anyone looking to enter the Evant-Guard or Meta Film-Making, as it was such a cult phenomenon in its time . WRR or Last Tango if it is not too artistic leap, it is lagging behind.
