In the future society, the military department does not need to be appointed; Instead, their candidates are chosen during the birth, removal from the nurseries and appointed to spend their entire lives in public service. They are given to the war machine, body and soul, without any reason to protect and serve; They do not have a personal identity, no name and rank, and no autonomy. This is the fate of those who have determined their duty in the film 'Soldier' ​​directed by Kurt Russell, directed by Paul Anderson. In the beginning, the film starts by preliminary training and training of soldiers. Russell Sergeant Todd, is the best, and we will see his career as he performs his duties in a loyalty manner during the campaign; He is a soldier, what he was born. But the best thing ever will be, and the day comes when Todd and his colleagues still get to the top. The new generation of soldiers has been created, modern genetics and technology products products, and Todd's generation is suddenly in use. Fear and Discipline: What is the story of a man who struggles in his life while struggling to discover his own feelings of humanity and personality as a soldier who knows only two things. Russell Todd gives commanding performance, and the other soldier must obey all emotions and personal intentions without questioning. He has a few lines in the film, but Russell speaks volumes with his eyes. This character is revealed to be one of the most admired actors of our time; He could completely disappear in the role of Todd, a credit to his ability, and with this part he created any other person he had done before. And he gave Todd a deep and low talent that someone could easily give more than just a pretentious and surface stereotype. Important performances were made by Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel McCam). Jason Scott Lee recalls the supporting cast as Cain 607, one of the new soldiers; Sean Pertvy (Mass); Gary Bassay (Captain Church); Michael Chicklis (Jimmy Pig); And Mark Bringleson (Rubric). Anderson has provided an action film with a warning story that overcomes the science-fiction genre. The 'Soldier' ​​reminds us of the importance of keeping our human lives alive. It's a fun way to take into consideration alternatives, a dark future, and some good films are not different. The films '1984,' and 'Mad Max' are ultimately uplifting, you will take a break and think about the kind of Universe. I rate this one 7/10.
