Why am I so fond of the tremendous cruel? Do I ever see a dozen or more scenes from this film or loudly? It's kind of hard to describe, but I'll give it a try. First of all, it's really very funny - lots of "official" reviews contrary to what you want to believe. But again, your humor is entirely dependent, so there is no point in arguing about it. Often there is a lot of humor in conversation, and often it is a comedy of dialogue. For example, there is a very happy scene that has given 4 luggage members a lift on the back of a truck. When the farmer removes them, they just stand on the road, everything is covered with cow's *** or whatever. They are completely weak; Then, when the scene began to laugh about themselves, and Ruben Blades (like Carlos) looked awkward (and absolutely smelling) awkwardly, spilling a little bit of mouth spray on something about his breath, sculpting me again!). This leads to a second point: acting. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russes, Ruben Blades, and Carbin Bernsen (ok, just a little bit a little bit go away) all fit well and play their roles beautifully - in fact, shooting the film. Third, there are plots. Jim Kauf, the director and the author of the story, has been laid too much; He will take his time to unravel the plot and let the individual characters arrange themselves. More often than not, there is no real action, and you still enjoy these 4 different people - their boss (Bernsen) does not seem to turn out to try to loot the bank - everybody is puzzled and frustrated, irritating, like every other. The spectacular parody of this typical bank robbery platform - is absolutely impossible with all its twists and coincidences, and is totally resolute in its love for contradictory details. Incidentally, the title of the movie is one of the best I ever came across, because it summarizes the plot in every fectly very contradictory way. So, take my advice: watch this movie, but if you do not chuckle, laugh or smile in the first 10 minutes, forget it - this is not your kind of image. PS. The only negative thing about this film is that there is no way to capture the screenplay - if you know how to tell me.
