Anna (Charlotte Burke) increases a strange fever, causing her to leave the world of her own creation. She lived with a sad little boy living in an old dumpy house in the middle of a deep world. This purgatory / limbo is the inhabitants of the world, because neither the child nor the mark it lives (because no one has dipped him). Anna, trying to keep the boy and the house from time to time, is trying to help save the boy, but she is struggling to wake her fever every time and can not kill her, wow! Compilation of Bernard Ross's brilliant haunting and poetry papers is a good word. This is a very simple picture, it's impossible and it's impossible to forget it. You can find this dog in your horror segment, but it's there. It was a very serious fantasy, subtly directed and featured in Charlotte Burke and Eliot Spies (Mark). And yet, it is not the children's film either, but it is intended to make us remember those negligent days that are just dark memories. Rose creates a great art of fantastic atmosphere that creates a breathtaking background to play exciting stories and great actors. The paperhouse tries to explain it more dreary features and leaves a lot of things to create audiences. Here is a lot of marks and opacity to drown your teeth. The Paperhouse enjoys playing with the minds of the audience, which surrounds you with a very logical feeling. As soon as the story was opened I left with a smile on my face and impressed me again how strong it was to paint the final of a tear in my eye. <br /> <br /> Visuals of Bernard Rose are brilliant here. He will be able to create an unnervingly white atmosphere that appears on the surface, but the amount of its parts is greater than the sum. The performance is in the young Charlotte Burke, the film debut, which is really impressive. Unfortunately, she did not get on the screen. The most appropriate Burnout Central Award only seems to be that performance perfect. In the end the film was a bit lagging here and there, but I could easily overlook it. I have taken a more dark turn, creating a more powerful ending, and repeating it again and again. The film is still deserved to be one of the books and to see any serious movie lovers. It's a poetic journey through a child's innocent eyes, it's very powerful and it's very appreciated.
