Emilio Miraglia's first Giallo feature, a great combination of Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave, Giollo and Gothic Horror - and the second film is even better! We had previously gained more attention towards this equation giol, but lost the Gothic horror styling enjoyed by Miraglia's earlier film. The Miraglia Plat is more important on these amazing details, resulting in a typical Giovole labyrinth with roles of red harius throwing every few minutes. A perfect bonus for the film, however, at times it can be very confusing; There is always enough time to capture the audience's interest and the Miraglia storytelling story is much better from his previous movie. The plot opens up a scene where the two young girls are fighting, before their grandfather tells them the myth behind a sweet painting rather than in their castle. The legend revolves around a woman called 'The Red Queen', epic that it returns from the tomb every hundred years and kills seven people. A few years later, the killings begin to occur. <br /> <br /> Although he has only two of Giovanni, Miraglia has his own tribute. It is apparent to him that the color red is important to him, it has two films heavily; And he appears to have something on the women called 'Evelyn'. He likes castles, gothic climates and stylish murders - this is fine for me! Miraglia may be Argento when he comes to freeze the blood, but he knows exactly how to drop a top murder into his film; And here is one death on an iron fence with one of the spectacular scenes of a Volkswagen Beetle, and one of my all-time favorite Giovanni death scenes. The head-up of the ladies who are not afraid to take their clothes with the amazing Barbara bouchett and Marina Malfatty on the female side of the cast is fantastic heading up! Bruno Nikolai's score is reminiscent, and The Night Evelyn is out of the psychedelic rack heard out in the grave; It fits well with the film. Although the mistreatment of Miraglia is rendered in the Gothic atmosphere, it is a little bit too short and the identity of the murderer is very clear. But also, this is a delightfully entertaining Giovanni and I highly recommend to fans of the genre!
