Clint Tollinger has entered a small town looking for his daughter's wife and news, he finds out, what kind of reconciliation is most likely. While here, sheriff and important towns are known as the Pistol special town tamar as Tolinger's reputation. They have a meeting that chooses the appointment of the toggler overlooked by unsavory items, as they are removed from the bit by bit by bit and living with a mysterious landlord fear. <br /> <br /> The gun seems to be under a forgotten piece or a lot of seeing, while writing to me at this time, it has just over 200 votes and 9 idle comments that are written for it. Although it is an insult to score because the product values ​​are shouting that Western is a B film portrait in Western style. To make a hurting Dark Angel who takes a rather plots theme of a vengeful town of piece, maybe the film did not do anything in any ways, I read the summary and it likewise pictures another idea in the background line. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum is in the lead role as Tolinger, the cast of the whole, the film as he thru some risk of breeding. We often speak of John Wayne and Charlton Heston's [potentially] screen presence, Mitchem is the best of them. We can not see his face, but we have the breeding of those strips that we stand vertically vertically at the back of the meetings. The rest of the actors are also in the shadow of Mitchum, so this is a great deal of roles for the great man, which is unjustly untrue for a kick for Ted de Corcissa but with little villains of the man with the gun, with its villains, and unfortunately de Corsica Villains said that there was no space. The score from Alex North is amazingly flawed [Spartacus's fans are certainly purging their ears] and most of the film's cinematography from Lee Garamas is impressive when filmed in the studio. The director and co-writer Richard Wilson has a few surprises for the genre called Man With the Gun, but it's tone, violent and more darker and more viewable. 7.5 / 10
