A special day (Ettore Scola - Italy / Canada 1977). <br /> Every once in a while, you come across an image that really touches the nerves. This one offers a very simple pledge, almost erroneously run in every way and moving at the same time. It's surprising that the "Una Gnonate Parthuler" of Ettore's scores are relatively unknown, some critics hated. Time Out It's 'Worst' and Leonard Maltin somewhat lower, 'pleasant, incomplete'. I'm not merely moving into this film, but in its simplest story I will show more perceptions of everyday life in Fascist Italy than many of the films I've seen. Cinematography is clearly unclear, a bit bliss, and the storyline directly, which describes the film's relative impairment. Taking into consideration the last 70s viewers, it was not exactly with great Italian films, which really did not catch up with critics. <br /> <br /> The archive footage starts with a ten-minute collage. From the visit of Hitler to Italy on 8 May 838. Against this background, we first met a lone housewife with six children in Antonietta (Loren), the Roman apartment building. One day, when she bio escapes, she meets her neighbor Gabriel (Maestroani), only one person in the building involved in the program. He has a great deal of respect and culture, and he is attracted to her soon. In the whole movie, we listened to the fascist rally from the radio's gateway on the premises. Scola uses the camera to take us into the case. After the opening sequence, the modernist (at the time of hypermartine) camera scams across the apartment block, searching for our main characters, we have not met yet. <br /> <br /> Marcello Mastrionini and Sophia Loren both were unforgettable in the two main characters. Canadian husband John Vernon Loren's husband plays, but he is on screen only in the first and last scene. My voice since he was not an Italian scion and lived there, so I figured I should be dubbed his voice because he can not imagine he speaks Italian. If his voice was dubbed, I did not notice everything. In contrast, he is absolutely believable as an Italian, more than the other cast. The story is simple but very effective, the performances are exceptional, the end is just perfect and does not overlap the compositions, works perfectly. <br /> The camera is obscura --- 9/10
