No, this is not a sequel to the spectacular OVA series, but the remake of the events that occurred after the death of Gheme (and Woodchuck's disappearance). This is precisely for novels inspired by this marvelous array, so the characters (ie, arson and shiris) are re-introduced, and why the story can be slightly different from what used to the OVA. (The booklet included in the set provides excellent answers to such questions, and various online sites.) The first eight episodes of the 27-episode TV series have focused on the fateful battle in the Demon Dragon Mountain. The remaining 19 episodes introduce the spark, which can be identified with a blue horse race, and his raggag team of midfits when he tried to stop Dark Wizard Vagnard from rescuing the Curtis the Destroyer. It's not quite equal to the original LODOSS WAR (we all love the end of where we save the deedlite from Vagornard, do not we?), This TV is great fun for the follow-up fantasy fans. Although animation is limited (and one step from the first LODOSS's Artistic Women), the 27-segment range has its appeal. <br /> <br /> Nina's Scrollol's carved storyline, magic, romance and fantastic soundtracks are fully absorbed characters, giving this infinite spin-off a little punch. <br /> <br /> The OVA dub of LODOSS is criticized for one reason or another, I usually liked it and still feel one of my favorite cans. So I made important hopes for the duff for the chronicles made in 1999-2000. For the most part, LODOSS TV passes the English track (otherwise stellar) quality; However, it has its problems. The original cast that gave their English voices to the characters of the LODOSS Return (also Lisa Ortiz Deditit!), This is a good bonus. On the other hand, Billy Reagan's more mature sound pen is a bit damaging. He did not do a bad job, but his voice came across his eight episodes (some anti-dub fans were quick to tap the dub), while the spark and the company were in the stage, the awkward. (I did not know if it was improved or it grew up on me) and did not return to everyone from the OAV Dub. Jesse's Reeves is voiced for a piece (scary); He was replaced by Pete Jarustia for the whole show, giving him a serious but still evil turn (as well as a bad smile). On the other hand, Anthony Cruise's cushion is very tired and takes five or more episodes to find his stride. <br /> <br /> The best voices of DUB are Lissa Ortiz (Deidlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Asylum) and Al Muskari (Slen), Oliver Gregorie), Crispin Freeman (Spark, Marc, 16-27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Nice), Meg Francis (including the voices of the pirotis in the OAV but with voice) Raina, along with weakness and sympathy) and especially Angora Deb (he leaf Steals every scene as a Half-Elf). The rest of the cast is not terrible, but it is not a bit uneven than the OAUB. Others (Hobb, Palace Guards, Dragons, etc.) and others are very sad (especially, VA of Prince Renaña is very strict and uniform to the fight of justice). [Br]> <br /> One of the problems of DUB is that the lack of aurless sequence (some of the cast members make new voices for some descriptive reasons we'll make some part of the next section). Others are less memorable and more embarrassing sound dialogue, uneven synchronization, and finally (forgiveness before these fans) Ladies Island sects. At the end of each episode this offbeat, super disabled with interludes, you can make the bottle happy or drive. Unfortunately, I initially found them to be a big bore, but after a while they grew up. (Moreover, "I'm king cushioned, and it's my cushion!" I have some very proud lines!) These errors are just for a notch for OVA CHRONICLES <br/> <br/> <br/> <br/> < <br /> <br /> "The Japanese version has its good and bad points, and some voices are less painful than the English language track , Others are less attractive than the English average (most notably, the actress Deidlit Lisa Plus, I must say that the Japanese cast OVA is not the same.The series began in seven years after the original, all of the cast members were replaced with new (Shah Hamay), although they were doing a good job while using Japanese OVA It's a big bit of anger. Everything in Japanese is better than English It is a fine series, which is still in the hands of HEROIC today's charities, which still deserves to have its own field.It is not without its harsh spots and will not always live up to its ancestors, and it has good points to face badly, a moderately enjoyable fantasy Will become anime.
