In the arts, the 1970s had a lot of turbulent periods. In literature and visual arts, this is the end of the great fifty or sixty years of creativity which has a great resume. A decade that many people view as a low point due to rock and disco in music. The Golden Age for the comedy from All the Family from The Odd Couple to the Mary Tyler Moore Show to M * A * S * H ​​on television, but in the film All American, Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola, and Martin Scorsese Motion picture producers saw an increase in the old studio system, which dominated Hollywood over half a century From the ashes of. These directors wanted to create massive literary and art films, which was the main thing in Europe after the end of World War II. <br /> <br /> Unlike the 1930s, Studios, who stars actors like Jimmy Cogny and John Garfield, is trying to keep the pace. Real-time Kids), the realization of social sandings in a gritty realistic way or getting a sound phase is more common in social fiction science fiction films in the late 1960s and early 1970s, than the Hollywood's left wing comic strip entertainment To teach the people in the pursuit of what is least understood Allowed. This approach was preceded by the political interest of the McCarthy era, most notably The Day the Studio Still and the Insight of the Body Snatches, for many of the 1950s flying saucer films. In the early 1960s, Rod Serling devastated continuously political conservatism by casting social issues in science fiction settings in his twilight zone, his classic science fiction television edition. Environmental sensitive silent running in studio submissions at this time; George Lucas's first film, THX 1138, was a consumerism, group thinking and existentialism; And Logans Run, which will avoid being a person's rights in community and state control. Some of the film's references were too intense and the current Arab oil crisis and prevalent inflation. Some of the gareral strawberries are $ 150 and sylent rations with its class of colorful diets - Soyland Yellow, Soyland Red, and New Soyland Green, made from 'Outstanding Undersea Growth'. At the time of release of the film, the euphoric echoes of oil riots, and sequences, and dead bodies, living and dead at many gas stations, are all lying and effective. After the escape from New York, the movie was a clear child. Stanley R. Greenberg's rest of the work is written, pedestrian, and quite a standard in a dystopia film, but Fleischer and cinematographer Richard H. Klein has a great job of filling the screen with interesting pictures and sounds. Things up. The use of soft, dimly lit visuals, obscure filtered, is a color version of Carly Theodore Drayer's Vampire, adding a stingy feel to the New York film. The film comes from only light artificial resources and it does not really matter for the movie Fox Pax. <br /> <br /> The ending movie ending at Thorn Processing Plant, corpses are made of Soylent green layers, two chilling, and extraordinary drama-less. Finally, the sailent servants do not crush, but he is long enough to describe the acclaim of the film Hotchase. However, if it is enough, one does not know, because Hatcher has already been chosen and has a track record of taking the easy route. However, the fact and its ambiguity, the film does not repeat the difficulties of its characters, and deep after many, better movies, sci-fi or not. Soyland Green is still worth watching.
