Documenting a press document. This is a way to explain to keep the river on your right: Modern Kennyball Tale. The film follows the anthropologist Tobias Snibab, who went back to places where he spent 40 years in the late 1970s and later in West Papua as a field investigator. Tobias is a full-body role: a gay Jewish artist who is eeks out a living on a cruise ship with gawking teaching tourists about cultures he has a deep respect and awareness. The author of several books published in the books of Asmat in West Papua and the cannibalistic Amazonian people in Peru, Tobias haunted what happened in these places and how closely his affinity and relationships were. Yet Tobias' constant surprise and the places he needs to know is appreciation and appreciate the real pleasure. <br /> <br /> In the two tribal communities, he made himself the best of experiences in the study of Tabiya. This film challenges the feelings of morality and "naturalness" - e.g. Nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (See for graphic sensation scene). When questioned why others are engaged in moral and openly localized methods, his non-judgmental nature asks: "Why not?" Who is it that the way of other cultures is correct or wrong? These small sleeper national geographic types should be seen only, but for those interested in the art of documentary making. This video shows what to do in the video. Editing will keep you silent and give Tobias life. At times, he takes care of his age and physical weakness and pushes the film staff back to emotional travel. We can be grateful for letting Tobias tables drop off, perhaps sympathetic to the desire to understand a place of humanity and the world. Film producers, for example, provide some time for balanced equilibrium, for example, an anthropologist who believes that Tobias is predetermined by his decisions (in this case of homosexuality) based on his interests. That said, you are not surprised to decide when and how to stop this man's house for a tight hug. Move the Queen Queen, the best river ride I have taken for a while.
