1973 science fiction play SOYLENT GREEN can be seen if we are not careful in the world. New York City's population crossed 40 million mark in 2022. High population, air pollution, year-long hot tide and food shortages rule. Only hope comes from food production called soyland green. But what are these special food ingredients really made? That question was Harry Harrison's 1966 novel "Make Room! Make Room!" Based on this acceptable short time still in the heart of the secret film Charlton has appeared as Heston Thorn, an NYPD detective, a leading corporate executive (Joseph Cothen). As it turns out, Cotten Soyent is on board of directors, people who are responsible for all food supplements that people consume instead of the real thing. Hennton believes that this garden garden is not a murder, but Cotton broke a reason. He got a lot of help from his slight but fragile "book" (Edward G. Robinson, in his 101st and final film shows), and some timely reminders of how to use the world. Robinson learns about Seyland's green chicos beyond all fiction; But before he knows Heston he will kill himself before he knows it. <br /> <br /> Hayeston actually finds the secrets of Soyland Green ... well, that part is alive in film history. <br /> <br /> The director is Richard Fleischer's underlying guidance hand (fastest VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is a terrible but thought-provoking form of a dystopian future of humanity, if our trend is not restricted to our planet's natural resources. In fact, Hayeston himself is a project in the 1968 filmmaking project, after his golden medal in science fiction with APS's PLANET - his ultra-conservative political philosophy is in conversation (after all, SOYLENT GREEN is hardly a way to the totalitarian capitalist system). Robinson, as always, is a full-time professional in his last role; The sequence that he watched the video of a good era video set to Tchaikovsky, Beethoven, and Grig's music removes the heart quite simply. The Chuck Connors (most confident), Brock Peters (Best of Heston) and Leigh Taylor-Young also benefit from solid support from the woman who attempts to help Heston in his questions. These days are easier to remove SOYLENT GREEN easily. But those who can do it twice should think. The world of the film can actually change the way we look at what we are currently in.
