"The Garden of Allah" is a prime example of "popular women's literature", adding XX century style, stimulating glamor of fake mystic theory, and combining all the sexually exotic and exotic reactions with a saddo-masochistic bite of Catholic guilt. Jane Eyre was not really happy until she met her and her lover permanently refused for her sins, or the heroine of "Rebecca" could not find the true fulfillment in her marriage until her husband placed her husband (and her castle was burned around her) or poor mind Not entirely alone, and all the expenses are good The secret of the trump is the devotional Catholic heroine Domini, who can accidentally get the only real sexual experience by marrying a person who abandons his sacred religious pledges. Similar stories, such as the intention of stimulating a woman's reader and stimulating steam, depends on the oldest tricks in the book: the inability to express the basic misunderstandings and the right time at the right time and at the right time until it's too late. The ultimate sexual ecology will sink as long as it's ready to pay a high price to eventually pay for the last action. This was reduced to the paper standards of Paul Claude's beauty salon. Oh well ... it's very bad and it's often ... <br /> <br /> Without religious references, the plot of the film is your primary romance: a wealthy, simple but naive before he recreates his monastery The desert with some rolls in the Duels with the Catholic heiress spends all the hobbies, leaving his mess up to clean. An opposite of another commentator Anatol France's "Thais", I opposed to another commentator, a sophisticated novel intended to make fun of the whole concept of Catholic sexual repression, in gratitude to Massenet's opera of the same name. <br /> <br /> But this is the specialty of the commercial woman romanticism that the film is a mesmerizing bloc with the mood of the wet motion, a talent collected under a banner to come to life with enthusiasm. Imperishable Technicolor photography is always the 1927 silent version that is outlive all of us with a music score by Max Steiner (including a cute dog), a truckload of precious character actors that Michael Powell (who, ironically, is determined to achieve a "compiled image" Dysfunctioning, contradicting the margins, but always amazing symphonic, operatic exoticisms The color of the character is close to the celestial, the flower arrangements appear in a humble temple or tent, the heroine's wardrobe is not intimate and all male characters are known to be Aristocats , Saints, Doomed but Horny Papiers, m Rhymes or poets. <br /> The Hail! The MGM DVD's performance of the film is bones but overwhelming. Bit rate is very high throughout, the color registration is almost always accurate and the 2.0 mono sound really makes the score for Max Steiner's score and Boer's final confession. <br /> <br /> <br /> "The subject" (the following year (1937) Julian Duvivier, inspired by "The Garden of Allah", directed by "Cornet de Ball", where the most similar outfit-horse butter-winning-she-mouth heroine (Her husband's divorce after her husband's divorce after being ill with some ill-fated romantic alpine lakeside villa's exotic removal) was the male dance in her first dance book She understands them all the time, and she feels misunderstood at any time between Biyus and her, or has a life-saving tragic consequence.Truthier's vicious way to tell us to take care of the usual idealistic feelings and we will sooner or later grow.
