After reading this movie, I inspired this book. This is not a definite biography; It is "dependent" on the facts. But I have found a compelling and extensive exploration of evil and madness, and Michelle Serral offers an unforgettable performance as Dr. Petitot. <br /> <br /> There are many memorable pictures in the film; Petiot travels through the night as a vampire, his black dress behind him is almost iconic. There are also many improvements of expressionism. Some of the scenes from the 'Nosferatu' <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The basic appeal of this film is the aural one I found when the famous stairs from Petiot's crooked silhouette chamber stabbed his victims and burned the remains. The soundtrack is loaded with unorthodox sounds, starting with early credits early music. Petitot runs his medical practice in a complex twilight with very small shops, and the swords have a noise in the backdrop of sharp movements, as well as a paddle on a bedside. There are sounds of animal - the grave keeps a goat, the invisible cats end up - in the next picture we see endless cattle falling beside. The whole atmosphere is the only disturbance of animals and the urge of massacres. <br /> <br /> Human voices are often heard -. Petitioners in the Gestapo victims, Petiot patients in his waiting room, an auditory instrument observation, suspected collaborators after the war are just supervised in their cells. Even when the film goes to watch Peteot Mme Kern, we hear her singing and her voice is echoing in the theater, before we see her - even film action is so often arranged to hear voices participating without seeing them. Despite her appearance, she was often shot from the back, her voice called her husband. Voices attending large crowds resonate in big halls, and their owners, when they see, have been removed at distance, so we can not really talk to them. This is a ghost story, and these ghost voices - many of them are future victims of Petitot. <br /> Furthermore, the python is also a voice. He pushed him from his frightening laughter camera, no comments on him or anyone throw in the air. In a sense, he is a very soul to those who kill him. He is always madly busy, resting from hiring from appointment, and never resting. But his action is a machine - lifeless and unsatisfactory. Between all the horrific and occupied Paris hazards, Petitot isolation alone; He is curious, enthusiastic, angry, frustrating, contemptuous, but never afraid, unlike the real people he brings to their deaths. He has his mechanical inventions, including a permanent motion engine (a real detail from the book - he has invented many machines); He is a sort of a permanent motion machine. And the mechanical images are everywhere in the movie hall, opening the cinema hall, from the giant cycle, Petroot's cycle is that Victrola keeps the music gone before he hunts, (its squeaking wheels resonates the sound of sharpening swords). The record you need for a vaccine, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar is always the same - let your wife write a note and let me disguise myself before you leave, as his routine mechanical - well-written machine, the routine is always the same. <br /> <br /> Madeer, the author, said in his trial that the clock was heavy for his crimes heavier against Petit. His system is so soft and effective as a Nazi concentration camp and why filmmaking of Pietot's involvement with French Gestapo and Occupied Nazis. Unfortunately, part of the story does not work too much because it is difficult to know what happens to python collaborators, or what happens when he ends up at their headquarters in the middle of the night. Removing objects Hiding stolen goods? It's difficult to say, and hard to believe; <br /> <br /> But the duality of evil people reminds us. Pythat is a thief and a murderer, but he is a devoted father and husband. We loved Hitler dogs, and it was learned that the Nazis guilty of the worst war crimes could even be loving fathers and family men, so we could not commit the feud of Petiot and yet also generally recognize the function. His insanity is easily corroborated by the insanity and horror of war conditions in Paris; When killing, looting and disappearing all around, nobody cares about having touched any of the corpses in the match.
