I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. I like this, and just for obvious reasons. BlindSlight is the group of blind Tibetan teenagers who attempt to climb the peaks of Mount Everest's sister. Now, this kind of thing is not usually a miss. Inspirational. Moving. Pretty okay, right? And the film just like that, I still liked it. But much more. She founded a school for blind children in Blind, German Sabrien Taenbergen Tibet, who saw blindness as a curse in a culture that did a bad job in a previous life. Many children in school neglect their entire lives, and better, a burden for their families. As part of their education, the story of American Eric Weihmeyer with Tenberken, the first blind man to reach the summit of Mount Everest. She sends her a letter inviting her to visit and invite her students. Instead, he comes up with a plan. He will travel to provide 23,000-feet lakpa hike and provide all the guides and equipment. <br /> <br /> Eric's team is mostly American, mostly male and much more visible. Experienced mountain climbers, they are type-a personality, many gang-ho, goal-oriented. Sabriye is a European, feminine, and egg, and the "good idea" for her students. In addition, students are not Tibetan, and age of adequate or always have enough confidence to stand up. When the expiration ends, they are made up of two adult "sides", preferred both, and at the same time want to gain the confidence that comes from the accomplishment. As an additional obstacle (without blindness), they speak in a second language or in most cases, in a third language, to speak and understand and understand. <br /> <br /> No one has any climbing experience in the students, others have more coordination than others, which begins with Eric's original plan to reach the summit together. Since both students and teachers have begun to experience the effects of high places, they decide whether to make decisions or to get out of the mountain. The frustration between the high altitude effects has increased, and you can see how it feeds the dispute between adults. At the risk of overseeing, for those on whom to one side destination, and for those who just enjoy the journey on the other. <br /> <br /> I do not tell you how the movie is changing, except that it's a lot of surprising and thought-provoking stories. <br /> <br /> This film also includes a description of each climber's bits of bits, and it requires a lot of time, once the children keep their heads down and shut their mouth. Not surprisingly, all the drama around them. Backstories are fascinating and removing the heart, and I found it very strange when I found it close to me in the tears at the beginning of the film than at the end. It is contrary to my expectations and another pleasant surprise. <br /> <br /> In addition to all the human dramas to cover, director Walker and her small band strive for conditions that are not dust and oxygen, mounting tools and hoping it will not break. Like all great documentaries, the filmmaker is lucky enough (or ready to read or be enough) to be in the right place at the right time, and she seizes a very special story, "What Children Are Best" It makes the kids themselves.
