"The Killbot Factory" is the episode of The Simpsons, which contains a joke news report that represents a military training base. The comment here is just part of a throwaway joke, but what shows us what Patricia Foulkrod's documentary is, scarily, it's not far from the truth. After World War II, the US Army decided to overturn the issue facing the war; Many soldiers entered the war and it was not entirely possible to kill anyone other than 'me or theirs'. Since then, the US military's training process eliminates all moral scams and enters people who are not killing people who are killing them. <br /> <br /> First, it is not an anti-war film. Foulcord focuses on a legitimacy in a war, or an issue that does not attract media attention to physical achievements or failures; The process of transforming a man into a soldier will have the effect of being a human being. Paradoxes believe that they will be treated as part of the community to train a soldier to defend a soldier, and current examples and interviews make links to past conflicts from the current Middle East conflict, especially Vietnam. It is not related to any particular war, it is generally about issues of war. Structurally picture is divided into three sections; The armies and the training they received, how they deal with the fighting, will find out what happens after they leave the army. The main objective of the film is that the main objective of this film is to achieve the fact that the underlying mechanisms of armed weakness are the ways in which the soldiers are converted to soldiers as affected soldiers, eliminating humanity from people. There is no interest in how the action taken by the actresses is how to make the interviewers aware of how the word "democracy" and "freedom" are around the word, but "training" begins with how they are "enemy" and "kill" and "destroy" They dried up with the idea that they could go one step closer to home. <br /> They have no political or social ideals to fight, but do not kill about how they trained to fight and kill. <br /> <br /> But the main objective of Ground Truth was to highlight the US Army's overthrow as they fought back to their country after returning home. There is no real rehabilitation given to soldiers again and many have been unable to interrupt what they have seen and done, and soldiers take no legal responsibility to emotionally mental influence. <br /> If there is an error in the image, it does not attempt to show another side of the faulcock argument. You get the impression that every soldier going to war is coming back with post traumatic stress syndrome. Could it be interesting to see one? Their opinions on liberal upbringing have little impact on how the military is conducting training and policies. <br /> <br /> It is a skillfully designed documentary, and Folkrad's stock footage and music use is utilized for complete utilization. The battle of the war will often lead to a victorious war when discussing.
