I have rented this movie because Rosario Dawson is here. I sat for about 6 minutes to see with my friend. There is no seriousness in the 6 minutes, but this is a real picture. No Hollywood BS, no explosions, no corny one liners; Image. It slowly drew you, turning you towards the tragic human destiny. Some people think they will enjoy the movie, but they are unfortunate. They liked movies; Fun entertainment alone for entertainment. The Transformers of Michael Bay and the like were produced only for the audience. People do not need to think, just watch and allow the stereotype to cumulate we should slowly terminate your brain. We also place ads across the movie, in order to purchase our products. And do not forget the explosions, we all love explosions. Here we make a difference, the art is entertaining, but it's also provoking and moving in the hidden ways. Entertainment is rarely artistically and only later is unilateral. Film entertainment. Descent is an image. <br /> <br /> If you give a soul to steal meat in your home, this rape scene is every bit "unresponsive". The difference is that there are two ways in which "unreasonable" is a violent rape scene, unfortunately unfortunate and beyond hell. The date of "descent" is about rape. Not less frustrating. No less damage. Just different. It is a violation of faith, soul profanity and deep walks. If the character "Maya" agreed, it had a hot sex scene. The scene that she was in desperation to escape was in the scene. "Jared" is a sick and manipulated serial rape, and it is very closely resembling an emotional love affair. "Maya" is always closer to anyone, and she greeted her only when she was jerking "jared" sensible lover boy's face? <br /> <br /> The whole picture is beautiful. Camera work and lighting at times eliminates the surroundings and focuses everything on "Maya" and the silent inner function of her mind. Rosario achieved this with all facial expressions and gestures. The soundtrack is amazing, a mix of everything. My favorite scene is the coordination of the films in this film; <br /> <br /> "I'm stopping it before I'm on the bottom line, I think it's the best film of 2007 Unfortunately, these days you know that hack and slash, gang rape, or nuke people are so frustrated that these days are not merely bothering you.The death is not the worst thing that happens to you. They always have your thoughts When you shower, when you brush your teeth, when you buy Christmas, shake your shoe and they will follow you. <br /> If you happen to yourself, challenge yourself see.
