The French author Claude Tillier (1801-1844) was based on the novel "Mon Onleneck Benjamin", based on the novel of the French literature George Dalília (1969), George Daniela, N. Gorey (1969), the novel 18th Century France. The Great French Revolution is still going forward, but some of its storm codes are in the community. Benjamin, a local physician, is a local community soul, educated, friendly, democratic man often free to the poor. This makes the locals very popular, but does not help much with his bank account. He is in love with a pretty crazy man who is very fond of her, but her daughter is looking closely to her father, who is called "her small capital" and decided to preserve her virginity until the moment they entered into a marriage contract ... I've read the book and it's a lovely French It is like the novel but from the 20th century George-Gr Ssiya characters from the beginning of the 18th Century France and some of the results, I am gravitating moving storylines. I have all the colorful and memorable characters that danielia, his native Georgia-Grusia, long and fantastic traditions, wine making and drinking art, rare color music, all have Georgians, a very special humor, and a high code of honor. When I saw this film with my husband last night, he's a great example of an art film that I agree with him. It's funny, funny, funny but funny, unfortunately, always sympathetic but sympathetic, optimistic, with a little bit extraordinary but very human characters to address his beauty and sadness. The most important thing is that the film is warm and sensitive, which does not appear to be viewed by some viewers as in the art of some of the films. You have to be a film buffet to live, to laugh and to laugh and to be a movie buffet, a good minded young doctor Benjamin (the first character in the lead singer and actor Wachtang Kikabeze's Danielia film) and two other images, including one in his entire time favorite minino, Danelia continued Friends of old want to be a guest in his own setting as a guest in a kind of party where old doctor is celebrating life of Leuven, his friends are still alive to hear what he says about him when he dies, and he prefers his coffin to get it to choose the color of Federico The film that Felley likes is a I find Fellini his number one director to discover the story about Danelia, the leading Soviet directors Daniela, Leonid Guiday (the creator of many beloved comedies) and Sergei Parazzanoov (I danieli's film, the American boy Hugh Finn, Let's grieve when appreciated well. I'm a little bit brave and maybe it is very nice to have Maestro Fellini in some pictures and not be sad when Amarkard was in 1973. Just a thought. Both artists returned to their roots, wanting to respect the places they loved deeply, the people they remembered, loved and respected. Both films have a lot of smile through tears. Both of the art images that are directly available to viewers' hearts. <br /> I'm going to add George Daniela to my list of favorite directors. He made some amazing pictures of drama, my most favorite genre of play, amazing tragicomedies, funny and bitter sweet, sharp and subtle, clay and uplifting, delicate and shining. When I look at the list of films I wrote / directed, he was shocked that he did not make a bad movie with a young boy, Sirijo's award-winning story, since his return in the 1960s. Danelia's movies are very much my favorite, I'm sure they are among his army of fans. (1969) aka The Walking the Streets of Moscow, Ne Gorey (1969) aka the grief that "cereozo, soviom prophesichi (1972), ionia (1975), mimino (1977) (1979) The Marathon or Sad Comedy is a well-suited title for the film and Donnia's totally practical style, years of Kain-Dza-Dza (1986), Ainadi unforgettable moments and pleasures of the film is worthy of our true love and true gratitude.
