This is the movie I have ever made, but now I have seen it, one of the main entries in Nair style. Like the DivX format, is the view very ideal? Occasionally wounded by video and (mostly) audio glits ?? But this film is still not available on the R1 DVD, which is required for the moment. <br /> <br /> Because of the high popularity of the film, this supervision is not a popular actor. <br /> Anyway, the late entrance image is a nominal star ?? Francht tone ?? Put too much tile (especially as the villain is shown first)! Tone an induced actor ?? He is rarely given the rhythmic roles and may be his best (his parañaic makes it lovely and incredibly dangerous). Female lead? Ella Rhianus was later in Brut Fortes (1947) and Sidemock's own The Suscept (1944) and Starrfer Afrer of UNCLE Harry (1945). The most beautiful and murderous murder of his wife takes the role of the tragic secretary to prove her innocent bass (Alan Baxter) innocent. Other key auxiliary episodes initially intimidated but ultimately sympathetic police investigator Thomas Gomez article, and Elisha Cook Jr. ?? The genius of the genre of genius ?? <br /> <br /> Like Brit Jules Dussion, Sioux Mac is in a noir roar at this time in his career and can the film be sure to benefit from its splendid direction? ? All of the angles of the angles and the striking set pieces, in which uncertainly including the jazz sequence, Cook emotionally strikes his drums on his drums, raises him (who draws his attention and eventually drives him out of jail that he loses his testimony at the jury trial). Another big, long line is Rhínos followed by a bartender on the streets of New York (another unfriendly witness)? It will be cut by a car in his car! <br /> The most important trial sequence. It was completely portrayed by the audience reaction, thus judge, jury, witnesses and D.A. In fact never appear (although the voice of the judge is notable of the famous character actor Samuel S. Hinds). The central part of the film discusses the nature of the gomez and tone criminal, which was originally given to the inspector's mentally madman initially by smeg tone "dizzy spells". Does the suspense climax appear alone in his apartment alone with Royce, where he finds his guilty evidence? <br /> When he did not spare his husband, he killed her. The story is clearly set in 1943, when I noticed the ride ride towards the beginning of the movie during the taxi cab ?? Is Alan Curtis escorting a dramatic woman to the theater? New York's founding shot (apparently having stock footage) Laurel and Hardy's 1938 musical comedy, Swiss MISS! Incidentally, the famous mystery writer Cornell Woolrich used a nickname using this novel.
