Alan Curtis has a big, violent sound argument with his wife, accusing him of his apartment, a big hat in a bar (a good villainous run for change, running by Andrews), and his wife returns to find the police headed by Thomas Gomez who is dead and faced by him. His attempts to prove his alibi - he's with the mysterious lady - because he (Grave, Elisha Cook) does not have any such person. His secretary (secretly loves him) Ellen Rhianus believes in him, but he ends up without any truth. He was arrested after a trial and was awaiting his death sentence. Worms goes out after the truth and learns that Gomez has his own doubts. She also finds a friend with a friend named Kurtis's friend, Franchot Tone, who was out of town for a crimeful night. Will Curtis clear her time? The Phantom Lady is based on the novel by William Irish (the great Nair writer Cornell Woolrich). Movie fans are familiar with other works by Woolrich (leapard man, night tens of thousands of eyes, repeat winds, no one of her own), and can not imagine what is true on the surface anywhere. If a soldier's lost wife actually had her jewelry, sending her messages to her, was not really upstart. Psychologist can really trace the tragedy - or he is his old partner, now planning a murder of a million millionaires? Have you killed a leopard of young people or hiding some of the flawed knowledge in the town of the fact? Is the young man who claims to be the wife of a dead brother in the train, is actually a fraudster? Here Ryanes and Gomez (with the help of tone) Curtis is trying to prove that no one does not see a woman - and if she sees, why can not anyone remember her? The problem with the story is Curtis's personality. He makes it very easy when he finds a crime that he does not commit. In fact, innocent people are shouting at the moment they are executed. However, in the protection of the Kurtis collapse, it also happens to other people in different films: Gary Cooper, in MR. Douglas Dumbrell and Douglas accompany his followers to assume that he does not save himself until the people who are based on his help shouted their fears in the courtroom and was brought back to him. But Curtis seems to be just losing. Under normal conditions, raynes, gómez and curtis do not care for everyone. <br /> <br /> This film escapes from this weakness. Slow breaking of the bribe to a real murderer allows Johnets to set up two sets of meetings with high-platform and Elisha Cook Ramps in the session. Gomez will look at his scene again and be more reluctant than the villain. And the villain manages to keep the Rain and Gomez slightly ahead of the end of the film. Whether double imminent or POSTMAN is not always a great movie like Rings Rings or MALTESE FALCON, it will be fine until Curtis and Raisens eventually reunite at the end.
