<br /> <br /> Production: Universal Pictures <br /> <br /> Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis), after a dirty fight and split with his wife, suffer at the local watering hole. Where he experiences a woman in this emotional state and asks some companions and asks for a show in a club to get their problems in mind. She accepts, but on the condition that they keep their names themselves. Absolutely enough, when Scott arrives home he finds the police and waits to question him. His wife was murdered. Where are you at 8 o'clock this evening, Inspector Burgess (Thomas Gomez) asks? But Scott's right, is there an ambivalence? He only knows the name of the woman. And Bartender remembers Scott, but not a woman. No cab driver. Club or drummer (Elisha Cook Jr.). Scott is obviously the dancer at the club who clearly caught the woman (they were wearing the same cap), is not someone who is with him. Something's going to happen, but Scott is helpless to defend himself and has been sentenced to death for his wife's murder (the 'easy evidence' of Hollywood legendry). <br /> <br /> Before Scott's execution, his loyal secretary, Kansas (Ela Ryans), later joined with sympathetic inspector burgess to identify the real killer. <br /> <br /> Phantom is almost compulsively reciprocated in Lady Wurich's work. For example, the Schizophrenic antagonist can also be seen in Black Angel and The Leopard Man. In addition, in Rendezvous, Black and The Bride Weber Black in the role of a mentally ill person by the death of a dancing or a husband. A viewer can feel left as he walks well on the ground. But in the right hand, feverish plot, sorry dialogue, story fluctuations are all right. Fortunately, the phantom lady's sound is guided by hands. <br /> This is the first Noir of Sidmac. He is going to find himself separately, however, the practitioners of the style are the most prominent (The Killers, Chris Cross). Where he teamed up with photographer Woody Burdell (they reunite at Christmas Holiday and The Killers). There are some great storytelling toys in the camera. In a shot, the deteriorating mood of a character is indicated by multiple people, he is shown in front of a 3-way mirror. The same artist has a self-portrait of Van Gogh, an artist, hanging on the wall in his apartment. But Siodmak and Bredell really create the look for practical Nair doing in the Phantom Lady. Most early released in 1944, it is here; It's a fantastic picture to see the bags of atmosphere and fears, the fads of the atmosphere, the contradictory reality reforms (when Scott is in prison in Kansas), the uneven shafts of light. Aside from the francht tone, the cast, the director's subject and the relative experience (and perhaps the budget), the 'B' image represents the aspirations. I thought the tone was a little funny. Alan Curtis (High Sierra) is not too much, and in fact some scenes are very weak. Ella Rhinez is very good (very beautiful). Her 'romantic scene' with Elisha Cook Jr. is very confident, it must be believed. There is another stand-out scene when the Kansas bartender comes to question him. This is equivalent to a chase scene, as she does dogs through her streets as a constant at her subway station. There are some real good tensions. <br /> * 4 to 4
