Step into into the shoes of the agents 007: "FRWL" This game is the goal of any James Bond game that comes closer to this goal than any other game, because you control real James, the player thinks he fulfills the ultimate fantasy. Bond. Seen Connery, who is a wonderful Bond made to Pierce Brosnan, and his voice and likeness to "EON" is the original James Bond, and nobody will ever be close to his cool level. <br /> <br /> He said, "This is the only thing we have ever done The lines like "James Bond" and "Shakon, Moving Up", made a big deal again. He calls the berth "octopusci" only "the tip of the covenant", but he controls Sir suron on a bad company called octopus. The start of the game gun barrel begins with a surprise. This is the original gun barrel from the movies. Then you save the Prime Minister Hatty Blower's daughter from the terrorists in Parliament, take the first call, everything from cars to clothes is definitely retro. The world of the game is really the original James Bond's world for the classic rock-n-roll edition of the James Bond background, when Bond finally plays an intriguing factory in the game at the end of the game. <br /> <br /> When the game starts, the plot reliably follows the movie "FRWL" story. James Bond was sent back to Turkey by a Russian cipher guitarist who told me that he had a lecturer with a crush. In Turkey, Bond teams are in love with Karim Bay. Bond must get the device back, save Dalssel when suffering, and both have to get back to London safely. Bond screen writer Bruce Ferdinand worked on the script, and did a good job of making the player different from the film. The characters in the film are all good, but some are better than others. Rosa Kleebb and Red Grant expressly parody the villains. <br /> All deal with Miss Moneypenny, M, and Q as originally made in Sean Connery 007 films, and they have a moment in the beginning of the game. <br /> <br /> The Miles Before the other Bond games, along with Sir Sean's voice and likeness, the two main features of the game. One bond sight. You can send villains by locking them with a button and killing other ones, push the excess button to allow you to zoom closer to the target and choose between the Bond shoots, such as a grenade an enemy and his friend or some suspended enemy cause his death Cord belt. Other important feature is Stealth and Miley murders. <br /> <br /> Sean Connery's Bond has just hit a button to hit the enemy with raw cruelty, which is heavily dependent on his raw shirt and talent. So you only have some gadgets, but they are good. The Q-Helicopter is a remote control helicopter that can self-destruct and exploit Bond to "EON" as a Q-spider, just fine. Classic laser watch is useful, not sending enemies when you do not have any other weapon available to you in the closed rooms. Playing with Sonic Cuff Links and Serum Gun is very fun, but you should experience them for yourself. In addition to the gadgets, you can go up the band of many dresses in the retro costumes found during the game including all the gray suit, standard black tuxedo, a retro stealth suit, and classic white tuxedo, all of which are found correctly. When you drive in the game, you drive directly Goldfinger's Aston Martin DB5. It is not invisible, but the film has a gadget to pop up the tires. <br /> When you do not travel to Istanbul streets in a "golinger" car, you can fly in the air in the "Tanballball" jet pack. <br /> <br /> Then there are multiple players. However, it is sufficient to match the "Golden Eye" game and it will fail. Moreover, you can play Bond or other heroes of the game as Bond villain. But the multiplayer is fun, and the only bonus that makes players happy is the awesomeness of a single player campaign. There are other errors in the basic game. Bond's confrontation with Red Grant on the film's most exciting moments, particularly the Gypsy Camp shootout, and the fight between Bond and Rosa Clubb's blade shoe did not do justice to the game. And the game is also a difficult play, the hardest difficulty. But overall, this game is by far the best James Bond experience.
