This is a fun-filled version of the Donson pioneer material musical "book", the Frank Losser masterpiece of efficient themes and solid designs. What is surprising about the film is how smooth the musical numbers flow from the storyline. Abe Burrows has written a book with works from Lucher; Michael Kid's dance director, and unusual art direction Joseph Wright. The storyline is two sentences. Nathan Detroit played by Frank Sinatra, Big Julie and Chicago Mob bass to earn his financially financed trash play financially. He was in line with the opposite player Sky Masterson, Marlon Brando, who could not move the Salvation Army girl to Havana with him; Masterson has won the race, saves the mission, falling in love with the girl, attends the player in the worst game and participates in the worst game, and everyone is behind his charms - full lying. Of course he ends up with the lady; And Detroit Hi is married to long-suffering wife, Vivian Blayne. Others in the cast stubby cai, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. The Tiger Salvation Army girl, Sarah Brown, like Big Julie the Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomei, Mary Alan Cochonson, Catherine Gwyny, Salvation Army leader, Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons. The award-winning broadcasts include "Fine For Tinharnes", "Guys and Dolls", "Luck Be A Lady", "I Will No", "A Person Can Develop a Cold" and "Ancient New York Floating cap game! ". Joseph L. of the "Cleopatra" and "Letter to Three Wives" fame. Mankiewicz ordered the inquiries; And the flow of work kept very interesting and successfully moving. He is the title "Guys and Dolls" and "Pet Me," for the predecessor of the "A Woman in Love" section of the Havana "A Woman in Love", equally proficient, different and challenging clash division, Pippa "is set in a blan working club. Acting is very uneven. Simmons seems somewhat misleading at times, as Brando is singing, in nature, charm, underplaying, and comedy. Scenes. Sinatra tries hard but it is wrong for a number of reasons like Nathan Detroit; Blaine has quite a bit of theater selling her numbers, she sings professionally. Leonard, Toomei, Cai, Keith, and Pully are asked in all aspects and more. The stylized opening and closure work well; In all of the films, the film is a roundmaster for director Mankivitz and succeeded for sensitive and subtle lyrics of the valleys, and effectively supported by the style of these musical stories. Happy and very different.
