This is not much of a music I expected, and there are not many scenes between Brando and Sinatra for the first time. It was based on the story of a Damon Ryanion, I guess it's irony and surprise, which had been a really good one - when we found out that Sinatra's gang used the Salvation Army office for their worst game while in Havana with Brando Simmons. When Brando puts it back, it comes at the right time. I really did not expect Brandy to be a very singer, but I was surprised. He's not great but he's just fine in the role. His large number in the sewage, however, is the only place where Brindo's voice is considered weak with the rest of the Sinatra boys. He did not have the power to demand the Grand Climax. Overall, I found the spectacular scenes between Brando and Simons, something we did not expect when we first saw Simons, and then we introduced to Brando in the Citra restaurant, one for him. This is not the story until Broda goes to her office. <br /> <br /> Frank Sinatra, on the other hand, her voice shows are flat. And I never heard Vivian Blaine, but I guess I played Broadway's role, just seemed slow down the trial. The scenes between her and Sinatra are clear. Also, her songs seemed to be weak for me to improve story or character. On top of that, all Goldway Girls numbers shoe glow, where the horns appeared. For example, when we met at nightclub with Frank Brando, we had just cut out the step by step for a cat number - then any dancing number goes back if it persists. When Brando and Simmons were on the screen, I had a great time, but it turned out that the interest in Sinatra-Blaine's story every time deteriorated. <br /> <br /> For songs, there are some good ones, especially the fugue for Stuffby Kaye, Tinhorns Number (Can Do!). It was a great song and it reminded me of the first song in The Music Man - it was called Cash for Goods. And the sewage number - I could not help but remember the "cool" from West Side Story - it brings me a point. I'm not really interested in art direction in this film. The duplicate Times Square has caught the attention of just a fraud. Havana sequence, and especially for sewage. I realized in 1955 that most musicals were shot in sets, but things were changing - for example, carousel and photography were greatly used. In 1949 also shot on town shot scenes in Mahatan. The thing that was happening in Manhattan at the West Side Story in 1961 was actually filmed in Manhattan. So by comparison, Guys and Dolls set-bound Manhattan felt more dating and more than a little more beautiful. And change to Lindy's Mindy - do they do it for legitimate reasons? Now, I always thought Guys and Dolls had their musical and different girls their adventures about Cinatra and Brando. It focuses more on its credit. It's much better than les girls in that regard, which is interesting in its own right, but it has a specific erection. I have a major complaint about Guys and Dolls, and I do not know whether it is the real stage show, but Jean Simmons realizes that she has never lost any money, Walks off to find and we cut the wedding. A scene between Broda and Simons was linked to the story effect. Brando came to her and had a great view to see. When Harold and Marion were duet in The Music Man (Spoiler's Aheed), there was a scene where she was waiting for her to change. She was upstairs in the house, he was down on the sidewalk. He sings 76 trombons. She is making a good singer my song. They suddenly change all of the songs and sing - a beautiful way to communicate to each other on their cross. It's an emotional high moment of the film. Nevertheless, Guys and Dolls went to it too.
