Stone Boy has been almost forgotten since the 1980s. It is a wonder that how many famous people in the movie or soon become popular figures and how neglected it is. It is slow, moody, but the touched account of the tragedy that can harm a family member. The film is too small or an accused of middle western stoke values ​​and emotional crackdown. This film is not for all tastes, but no one would like to congratulate the real human drama. <br /> <br /> In the early years of the film, the two brothers could pick up some peas in the morning hours and lucky if a duck or two can shoot. The gun accidentally releases through a barbed wire fence and the young boy saves his elder brother. These boys never took the safety course of a hunter. The way the two men go right through the fence with a gun is the following: the first person climbs up. The second man then sent the gun through the fence. The first person pushes down the gun and helps the other through the fence. <br /> <br /> When his brother is killed, 12-year-old Arnold returns to his home world. He also runs for help after his brother's burn. He just tells his family about the danger of going ahead and picking up the peas. Arnold appears to have any regrets or grief at any time during the funeral or judicial inquiry. His family will distance him. They were angry at him for killing his brother. The article, played by Fredrick Forrest, is worried with Arnold, though his older brother died and allowed him to hit his kid's girlfriend. Arnold's parents can not understand how to deal with their son. They really do not even try to talk to him. Wilford Brimley is the only person who can speak to his grandfather with a distinctive grandfather skill. Shortly afterward, Arnold also moves with the old timer. <br /> <br /> Arnold Nevada does not need to open up a tremendous road trip until his uncle's previous wife looks up. Once she meets her, she begins with the family's confusion and begins to emerge from her shell after apologizing for breaking her marriage. From here, the film is a quick study of reconciliation and resurrection. <br /> Acting chases in most cases. Robert Duvall and Glenn Close make the perfect Stoke Farm Parents. The Forest is good, but it is very difficult to present Paul Newman's performance in the hood. Cinematography is exceptional. If you want nice pictures of simple folk, this may be for you. Some have suggested that some tissue can be brought. 8 out of 10 stars. <br /> Hound.
