Scene picture: a mountain alien territory. Twin moons shine red red sky. Tardis lands, and a middle aged man in the Victorian Fraught coat, and Rose, his roommate Rose from the Earth. Flicker of identity crosses his face. "Well, I never! Its planet Sauryus-7, I fought with war cruggers, tried to use giant skunks to capture the planet." Girl sniffs air. "We can not go, Doctor, I do not like the look of this place, we're thinking of seeing it". Dr. Wags a denying finger. "Undoubtedly, the girl, the king of the city of Kodaribi and the Queen remember me from my past visit, I wonder, Rose, come!". As he rises, it will not be difficult to maintain the girl. <br /> How did 'Rose' return in 2005, and not thanks to the heavens for what I say. The original UK broadcaster, 'Rose' is now considered to be a safe milestone episode, which is one of the BBC's major programs, returning 'Dr.War'. McGanan TV The film's mistakes are well known. Instead of trying to make the new "Who" shoehorn to the present time, it represents a fresh start for the series, Shop Roller Taylor (Billy Piper) begins talking about her daily routine. One day she goes to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then the trouble begins. Mannequins come to life and attack her. It is only saved by the intervention of a secret stranger (Christopher Ecclestone). <br /> While this story is small, it fits the starting point for the series. Autons of course, an old villain (which was their first appearance since 1971), but their past shows hints - another brilliant move. The finale revived the finale of the 'Spearhead from space' when the store window took place in the dummies. As Dr. Doctor, Christopher Eccleston lost his ancestor's ecstasy, choosing a modern leather jacket to the doctor's traditional time dress, but it wished him a new audience. Billy Piper has been embarrassed by his critics 'bigger stamp' as 'Rose'. <br /> <br /> Yes, special effects on special effects, but then there is no need to be proud - in settings and past incredible monsters in 21st century televisions. It is important to know how good this script is. <br /> <br /> 'Doctor Who' returned with bang - bang!
