The essential part of British pop culture, such as Monty Python and James Bond, is a huge hit for Dr. Hoo 26 years (1963-1989), making it one of the world's tallest TV shows (most serials are fortunate in ten seasons). Plans for the restart of the series are always on the BBC's agenda and the nine-year magic (comic relief spoof and animated mini-series) for the ultimate time after the incorrectly (unreleased) TV film created by Fox has been returned correctly, praised author Russell T. Courtesy of Divis. <br /> <br /> David Taylor (Billy Piper), a London-based girl, will be attacked by creatures made up of ordinary plastic life until one night. She preserves an elusive stranger introduced by herself (Christopher Ecclestone), and after Quipping disappears: "Good to meet you, Rose, run for your life!" Traveling aliens, invasions, time and space, and in reality, the TORISIS-shaped police box-shaped: this "man" is more interesting, she soon finds herself in the new world. The only 45 minutes of the new doctor is the two perfect (special effects may be used a bit more polished) because Davis has two things: the show's unique humor and two protagonists. The original episode 'The Most Attractive Character is a mixture of excellent science fiction and pure British comedy, a hybrid, is not impossible, even impossible. The laughs here are connected to conversations between Rose and Doctor, who are just roundly roles after just one episode. Well, technically the nickname of Eskelston's doctor is the ninth, but by the voice of the north (which he used everyday) and he defends it with an amazing line away from the previous eight incarnations: the planets are in the north! <br /> <br /> The real success of the episode Piper's Performance: In theory, Rose is at her end, and so is the same age for thousands of teenage audience who had never heard of the doctor before.A normal character who lost in a new, exciting universe is her character, A TV icon refers to the response of a new generation, and instantly chemistry between her and Esston There is a sign that the new doctor suggests <br /> <br /> The first, fifth, ninth, it does not really matter: there are others before Eccleston (and Piper, for that matter) but together he is William Hartnell, Peter Davison and the rest of the bunch The same character, a cool he does not even need a name: he is doctor.
