The sun is quietly shining to the fullest Sunday morning, and the love of my feet full of feelings in the soft air and the smile of the people I walk together. It's the perfect day for cuisine and lights and stopping for a cafe-o-loyalty before going to the city of love. However, this modest film is not reasonable in the critics' budget, but I'm the next best, Paris, J. TAAM had to be selected for the collection of 18 short films by international directors. Each piece is named after another Parisian neighborhood and a reflection on love. Be careful not to glorify the most powerful and convincing of all human emotions, Paris, JE T'AIME is looking for love in many stages of its own game. The results are suddenly romantic and surprisingly stable. Really, how best to change your moment with the collection of motion pictures and the momentum of love is the best way to change your moment. <br /> <br /> The beautiful poetry is taken from St.Finor St Denis of Tom Tykur. True, taekwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses time-lapse photography and repetition to create. Originally filmed in 2004, and Fuororg's Natalie Portman for the album was an American actress in Paris as part of a film, and Thomas Murray fell in love with herself, starring Natalie Portman. Here, Blind Blind leads through a very unstable terrain, where the two people eat their lives almost to their own losing place. <br /> <br /> <br /> As love is from dazzling to dizzying, ticker reminds us of the memories of our minds and the fads that create us when repulsing towards doubt. <br /> <br /> Very lovely romantic Silvine Chomots Tour Eiffel. Choosing the city's most recognizable attraction for its title, Choto (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) gives us a little boy who tells his story of how his parents met and fell in love. His father, Mim (Paul Putner), falls in another surrealist scenario and is finally in jail. This meets the woman who will become the love of his life (Yolande moru). If it had not already been dead, the art of dying became something. And by nature, it is dreamy and can not be hurt. What is the silly finger of human behavior to indicate its silent finger and love that people are more ignorant? <br /> <br /> Paris, JE T'AIME always keeps in mind the love between lovers. Three memorable stories focus on love between parents and children. Walter Salace (MOTORCYCLE DIARIES) When Catalina Sandino Mooreo sings her child in love with her when she leaves her to sing her, she sees her lifestyle. Nobuhiro Suva (UN Campbell Parfait) is desperately trying to overcome the emptiness she experiences after losing her son Juliet Binohay. Binock still says little, not surprisingly giving her immense talent, her love is sometimes revealed to her, which is clearly visible on her face in love. And Alfonso Cuarón (Men's Child) a father (Nick Nolte) and his grown daughter (Sarah Martins) runs together with a continuous shot, which should be the first time in the long run. We'll only see them from the streets and we'll stay close to them until the distance between the two characters is in comfort and acceptance. <br /> <br /> Alexander Payne's 14 Nothing Arrangement is finally the screen. As always, the pane (SIDEWAYS) takes on a normal person and makes them exceptional. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. Her home is alone and less time than her favorite dogs she likes. She is a plain person with an early life that she finds himself in a city rich and lush. In the beautifully distributed French, she thinks about the scenes and how she makes her feel there. She lives a long time to be happy despite the many disappointments of this woman's life, and she finds that she is really happy and loves her more than she knows, because she is sitting in a city where she loves her lovers. <br /> <br /> The characters appearing in Paris, but JMambi find themselves in the romantic centers of the universe. They share love moves, blossom and blossom, helping someone to share with each other, suddenly falling apart or helping someone to touch your hand or reach your arm without their knowledge. For lovers outside the city, it's easy to miss moments like that but we should remind ourselves of their importance. It takes a moment for love but a cloud will shine through the sky. You have to open your heart to see it. If a city is so abundant with love, one day you should believe that it can find its way to your door.
