Paris, JE T'AIME Light City and the City of Love, is an amazing film loyalty that is very critical of a movie that is almost uplifting and reviewing it. Ask people about their large audience in Paris and the result is enough for this film. Each segment of the city or arrondissement is tied together, the film explores the love of all forms and the tourists who contacted local folk and great city in their Parisian styles. Twenty writers and directors, approximately five minutes each of the screen time, Oliver Assayas, Coen Brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuarón, Gerard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Sulles, Noubhiro Suwa and Gus van Sants are less familiar with others. <br /> <br /> In one story a young Frenchman (Gasparard Allill) is attracted to a young lithographer (Elias McConnell), who speaks English only a young boy who loses his heart in French. Another divorce wife (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) walked in the Latin Quarter to dictate the divorce affair while marrying the marriage of Marri-Lachiz (Emilie Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) to another couple of marriages without the connection to the Oscar Wild Spirit. Juliet Binoouch is a mythical cowboy Willem Defoe, Sarah Martins and Nick Nolte and Ludwine Saginier, with the help of Steve Bassemi and his wife, Miranda Richardson, in Basilile Sergio Castellito, Bastille Sergio Castellito, with her terminal leukemia, In Marc Faber and Damage Parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hawkins are keenly interested in playing the story, and plays a phenomenal relationship in the pigeelle, Melchir Baselan Fauvorg Saint-Denis, starring actress Natalie as Portman's young Good Blood man, Elijah Wood and Quartier de la The vampire love between Olga Curelenko in Madeline, Maggie G.  లెన్హాల్ మాదకద్రవ్యాలు క్వార్టైర్ డెస్ ఎన్ఫాంట్స్ రౌజెస్, మరియు మార్గో మార్టిండేల్ అనేది ఆమె సందర్శించే పర్యాటక లేఖ కారియర్, ఆమె తన జీవితం కోసం అధ్యయనం చేసిన ఫ్రెంచ్ను మాట్లాడటానికి ఎంతో ఆసక్తిగా ప్రయత్నిస్తుంది ఒక నాజూకుగా ఉల్లాసంగా 14ème కార్పొరేషన్ స్థాయిగల పట్టణం. <br /> <br /> The movie tries to tie together a number of practical stories as traveling in the last few minutes, but above these only works on the levels. The film is too long and there are no bridges between many stories, one of the things that can lead audiences due to the lack of time to sum up all actions. But ultimately it is a remarkable memorial to the great city, and offers a viewer with many vignettes for a once-in-one scraping book in Paris. This is a precious image that has been seen many times! Grady Harp
