Digital Projection (35mm, and 4k totally scanned in 6k in 6k), and this projection in a promenade in this proclamation in 2k projector at ETC / USC Theater in HWD. 18 directors (several good French / international directors, including Alexander Payne, Wes Crowens, Joel and Ethan Cohen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salace and Gerard D'Pardi) gave 5 minutes to create a love story. They are well known actors (Eliza Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi .. Strongly Hilarious ..., Maggie Gleilenhall, Nick Nolte, Gina Rowlands .. So good .. and she is actually in her, MSR Depardieu and many good international actors .. Alex Pane's touched study from the romance all out of romance is a woman's van Sant and discovering one of the things that happens somewhere Since the English speaking tapes (and the English subtitles) speak French and speak little of the original English language, the French art is not only art houses (La Diva) as well as "experimental" but colorful and funny, sometimes the rest of the complex relationships General studies ("experimental" I do not feel so much for everything except irritates your desire for a formal story ... I love it in love .. When it was presented in anything other than pity I did not even laughed in a piece of mimi, the other words that I saw (thanks!) This film hit its peak, for me, somewhere a little more half way, Recovered two sequences. Although the "emotions" in the sound, generally good cinematography, have a slight focus on just a few effects, some beautiful scenes from Paris, simplicity and romantic music, are generally used for good effect (the main character in the shot / scene). The position of each image is good and has a whole structure, although a bit longer (they have left in two of the 20 images, but all are in the DVDs) a good balance. Not sure when it comes out, but a good study on how to make a 5-minute film structure .. And sometimes, no work (it's very short, emotional, for a small picture). When a release, but they do not know when.
