Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I accept the only "quintet" for giving the pleasure of seeing a grown-up and beautiful Brigitte Fossey, unforgettable as a little girl in "Forbidden Games", I enjoyed movies that are normally scorned; Lauren Bacal, Carol Burnett, Alfred Wood and Glenda Jackson, "Heilhatch" "Popeye" for the spectacular and surreal world, Shelley Dowell's Olive Oyl and the magnificent Malta positions for having all of the same cast; "OC & Stiggs", to the proposal of anti-"adolescents"; "Beyond the thrill", in the presence of all the stupidity and Jerivie Page, all attempts to see Parisian chick are taken for a trestetate ... I'm also his dubweiter "and" The Landmart. "While there are not enough plots to develop in his films, you're Burnett, John Travolta , Kim Basinger or Jane Curtin featuring great performances from United I appreciate and enjoy the different approach and description of the many different cultures of the States, which is rarely appreciated by his genius, and he always forgets when the time comes to give American prizes and awards He is not your typical mainstream fiction, he is a freelance, so "gingerbread man" Posted about here I'm not surprised by his "mainstream effort" for a lot of bad comments, date and my knowledge, but I do not know if there are many who believe Altonman does not like Leonard Maltin, in this case, may not like "Gingerbread Man", but more with Grisham rather than a director-screen writer cause. Some of the trademarks of Altman include: Advanced conversations, great performances, playful attorneys office and general absurd receptionist and secretary. While some have been boring, I have found thanks to the great cinematography of the person who shot Chongway Gay, "Red Sorghum", "Ju Dow" and "Farewell My Kasubin". He has a way of showing us the same things that other American films see, but under a different light. By his "gaze of alien", almost everything seems new and different. In this first step, things are logical and true! Wait until you're old. You can come in trouble if you come in a young and lovely spell like ebetth david. I'm attracted to the younger than I know what I mean. Then you have the repulsive, terrible and mysterious character of Robert Duvall, but the Geraldo storm has been threatened by Savanna. The second act gets a little fraudulent and even funny, because Altman with a cunning has managed it. I must remember that in many instances laughing at her controversial remarks. I think he's applying Brett's bit, making us distant, preparing us for the third act, a plain Hollywood pastiche. Altman does it with skill. As a wise man and a wise director, fortunately he did not get into the action films of today. He directed the story of lust, greed and death. I was a little disappointed with the movie. If I give it to nine instead of 10, it's due to a gray. The American Reader has made him the best-selling author. Why complain? Maybe we should thank Altman for his fables, stupidity, flatness and all of them. However, he is very happy and jokingly, I can not disagree with negative comments. To me, these people saw another movie ... and vice versa.
