Will and Ted's terrific journey is the existence of the death by his fears of death, religion, time, Heaven and Hell, the man's quest for fame and the body that overcomes through the soulless machine. It is Paradise Lost and Art Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, a masterpiece from Shakespeare's many great past works. These people have become famous rock band in the years since Napoleon collected from Zone of Arc (Noah's wife), Oscar Wilde, and Charles Darwin. They took the skills learned from these individuals, some kidnapped young men, and eventually learned to play their guitars and write successful songs. These songs love the world again and take on war, hunger, and evil for eternity. A nasty dictator ruled the world to deny the good music called Simon Cave-Al. He gets Rousseau (cool guy from the first film that helps Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and two cyborgs. Cyborgs live over time with tissue and overly poly alloy on metallic exoskeleton, which can survive the chaos of time travel, and they can mimic the pattern with physical contact. It's their job to kill the good beef and fred and take their lives through the terrible music that no one else will like. By doing this they will change the world forever - Jill's music can never be made to leave the world of war, drought and hatred, and more embarrassing, Blonde Boy / Girl Group pop music. <br /> <br /> The good guys are actually killed and have a way to save the world from the evil doppleners who live in their bodies. <br /> <br /> Penelope Spearhead shows her the knowledge of youth culture and true culture by combining modern day music and phrases with modern day sets and artistic references, and tries to teach us all by delving into our very mind to show us ourselves. She abandoned her in the society who faced teenagers in the late 80s and explains that post-structural gymnasiums, self-love, and illnesses are not ill. We're really convinced that we can actually change the world, it's exciting message. But in order to achieve such dreams we must face our nightmares. Success to overcome, defeating death is the first step truly living and just will not survive. In the words of Kenneth Reeves - 'Wow!' Best View: For a fun game- How many songs, bands, and albums you can see on the instructions that you can find throughout the movie. There are at least 6.
