Is not it the first American film to be successfully adopted for a decade and a naturalist style that has been used by the French and especially Belgium and Belgium? Following three high school girls in Brooklyn's Crown Heights in the last days of their summer break between freshman and sophomore, what do all the good arts do: it uniquely identifies universality. Girls, Sexuality, Popularity, Money, Liberty and Textiles - Although the behaviors of girls are externally traditionally, their entire lives are shaped, how do the universal interface between character and function? <br /> The whole of nature, complete. The image will be in the moment of breath, breathing, live in real time. This tells the story. Medium and its artwork, for once, the message. The film is exceptionally, and honestly reveals the juvenile's view of its characters; It does not impose its own adult meanings or ethics. The details have emerged of their own, never proceeded, and thus all looks more real and vibrant for their less. Although a major part of New York City's largest black ghetto and great pains to capture the standard social reality of Crown Heights, one of the most dangerous violent places in the United States, the subject is not the youngest in the ghetto, but the documentary of a parade band, Jackie Robinson Steppers practice sessions Footage, color, movement and so on Vani gradually over the course of the film caused by the cutting. Otherwise, the camera is very close, very close, patient, sly and common observer. Language rich, spontaneous, acting transparent. Some shots are lolling about the girls, as each reveals her deepest fantasies, standout. Lanisha's confession of her willingness to commit death by violence, one of the deepest spots in the ghetto is the most shocking. She's equally moving and beautifully, unsentimentally conclusive to her partnership with chaos and fear before Stark's challenges to adult life. <br /> <br /> The social facts are respected, not propagandized :. Three of the three mothers, Mrs. Lanisha, active in the trio are single all in her life (not accidental three she is very emotionally stable and one with empathetic to others, and most self esteem,). Both of them suffer from asthma, a disease that is less common in the inner city. The pistol, the accepted daily event, makes their speech only slower. While the other two of the different levels already accepted, the girls feels the hope, only the joy of having her control over the future, is disappointing. <br /> <br /> This is by far the best American dramatic film I've ever seen in years. See it, see, see.
