When I was about 16 years old when I was holding my boyfriends hat to come into my life, The small movements of the film are very precise and right on the young man who comes to mind when young people know what's going on in the minds and hearts. At my age, I want to teach them about their decisions, and life is not of any importance in those times, and it appears in all times. They can be patient in their youth and have a sweeter if life should be waiting to experience hardships externally and inner life. But again, young people have faced some variables today and I have never been to deal with a youth. <br /> <br] All three actors (Kerry Wahi Na-lushia, Anna Simpson - Joellin and Melissa Martinez-Maria) are the most popular three main characters that provide the most reliable picture of the real part for young girls living in us. Poor conditions. They have a completely unhappy family life with their father's residence, but her father does not actively support her everyday. There is no direct connection to achieving almost educational systems and role models. These conditions are potentially affecting them and their reality but today is a great disappointment for these young women in their day. They are focusing on the same things and focusing on young people around the world, avoiding their plight. To have some kind of respect / love and responsibility from parents and to have good friends, such as enjoying life, recognize the true love of the male. The film is characterized by the race, age and gender gap by its characters and crossed the stamped settings. <br /> <br /> Director and writer McKay finds out about everything in the DVD, all of which come to his head, and explain how the young people of that age are seen by those practices. Plus you can get real Real Sincer Reality from that time in your own life and add three of the best actresses. One thing I know (African Americans and Hispanics) is a spiritual family member or neighbors modeling to some future and future, despite good condition and good life and present situation in the near or near neighborhood. In this way, I have never been preaching in this film, but I understand that, and it does not even worry about a more unhappy culture. <br /> <br /> Hap Factor: I'm thinking of my future now, where I came from where I came from. 'Today is a good day.' Yes poverty is still present, racism, sexism, whatever we can include. Yes, some of these young girls are eternal, self-destructive, and everything around them is damaging, but the current or their environment-free actions will not be a hope for a bright future. I was worried more than each of the characters and wanted to be a role model in the lives of some youths on the brink of making a destructive decision. I suppose the image's value is not only entertaining it but suppose each of us thinks, and then let's work in some positive way to make a good place in this world.
