"Some people, we walk in a beautiful sun rays. Some days when the world is very bright" - 5 Styrsties "Oh Child" <br /> <br /> Film about black teenagers are often tortured to internal city gangs drugs or hip-hop soundtracks. It's hard to find movies about the daily problems of normal internal urban teens, and there is an undetectable gem that I can not recommend. Our song, Jim McKay, in Brooklyn's Crown Heights division, will have three girls who decide to close their high school for asbestos removal and decide in their future direction and participate in their special ways. The story is from the perspective of a 15 year old, not from the earliest of previous years in most of the previous films. Avoiding compulsory street accent and utilizing F-words, which provide a loyal and loving picture of three friends at their crossroads. Girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joelin (Anna Simpson), and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in high school at their high school. Jackie Robinson's active members of steppes, the real-life parade band that rehearsals for their day-to-day life marching discipline and purpose. <br /> <br /> David Gordon exhibits professional black and Latino actors with less stylized film, Kerry Washington compared to Green George Washington. While the shows have some amateur moments, I participated with the story that I am forgetting the performance of the girls. Her father, Maria, found that her native student, Terrell, was pregnant. Although she was just 15 years old, she had a baby and knew that Terrell probably was not very helpful. Joyceen is working in a high-profile clothing store, but the singer dreams of. She plays to talk with her fans in a very sharp scene in her bedroom, and then lying on the couch to read one of the poems. She is close to Laniisha and Maria in the beginning, but confuses her to make friends outside the neighbors. Many people do not get support at home. Maria was very afraid to tell her mother about her child. However, single mothers are not typical motion pictures or alcoholics. The time with their children is limited because of the stress of supporting the family. <br /> <br /> Lonely parents divorced, but she could visit her father, a Duncan at a luxury apartment building and talk about music. When her sister realized that a friend in the neighborhood committed suicide, her mother was comforting, a somewhat melodramatic plot in a realistic picture. Down the summer winds, the girls drift away and determine each different course. There are not any major dramatic movements, however, the only tragic identity of the transition. Although we have no blinders about the frustrations they expect, we recognize that their hopes and dreams are not adverse. Our Song is an emotionally satisfying image about growing projects that refuse to look life in terms of any other than likely.
