The most interesting thing about Mirang (secret sunshine) is the actors. Lee Shin-au, the main character, Lee Shin-A, is a woman who died in a tragic accident, and she is a young man living in Milan, where her son is living in Miryang. Geon face varies greatly. Her infants are affectionate, elegant, aged and sad, disappointing and delightful, and it turns out the turns dramatically, and it's in her face. The film is also Kim's Song Kang-ho, who meets her when she enters the car Miryang, while she runs a garage in the town and her interest in her time around her. Known for his work with Pan Chan-Wu and Banczoon-Ho (courtesy for Mr. Vengeance, Murder and The Host Memories) is currently the biggest actor in Korea. And yet here he plays a throwaway character, almost forgotten man. But of course he makes interesting and interesting attractive. <br /> <br /> Lean Shin-A is a song piano teacher. As Kim says (he is someone else), a neutral place, a poor-man's Seoul, comes to a new town called "Anywhere Like". Her young child is suddenly damaged by little children. His father used to pump, and he was awake when he missed, pretended to be quick. He goes to school, and Shin-A meets parents and students and shoppers. The film has a sense of place, though the place is "anywhere". People speak in the local dialect, and everyone knows everything, and notice the immediate effect of Shin-Ae's Seoul. Is this really a life from the big city and its sophistication here? <br /> <br /> Shin-A does not perceive her risk. <br /> The terrible event will take place. And Shin-A is not the best way to deal with it. But this happens and she has to face the consequences. But she was not. She goes to pieces. A culprit is captured, but it is comforting. Eventually, she is very disappointed, she goes to her close friend and her birthday Christian meeting. She is peace and this release. But if she decides to forgive the offender and go to jail, the experience is filled with trouble and it will ruin her again. She is downtrodden and upset and she no longer finds solace in religion. <br /> <br /> <br /> Jian Do-Yuhan gives her the most demanding and protein role. Li Chong-dong may be a very good director. Song Kang-ho's compliments convince him that if the actor expresses immense praise for him. Lee's first three films, Green Fish (1997), Peppermitt Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002) have named him as one of his country's recent cinema renaissance celebrities, according to Scott Weeks of LA Weekly. But the film did not succeed as the other carriage directors such as Yong Song-Soyo, Banzon-Ho, and the awesome, almost exquisitely rewarding park Chan-woock. "Asian Alice Does Not Live Here Anymore" and "suddenly and without warning" turns into some kind of "thriller" and shortly afterward, the Bremsmonian study of human suffering has been studied. "But that progress seems to be random and indigestible, and the film will eventually lose its momentum, and then it goes out of time without any meaningless end, and there are weaknesses in the action, Shin-A takes stupid chances with his son, and all bad choices. -Jques Beanix intended for a madman like Betty in Betty Blue The river, she describes weird and sneaky choices, is not improperly improved. <br /> The official selection of the New York Film Festival at Lincoln Center, an interesting movie, is definitely an unhappy, but unsuspecting and disappointing one. Recently made by Korean filmmakers.
