Secret Sunshine (2007) is famous for its awards at Festival de Cannes and other film festivals in 2007. He won the Best Actress Trophy at the 60th Cannes Festival. Secret Sunshine is also the winner of the best film and Jean-du Yuyen has won the Best Actress from the Asia Pacific Screen Awards. In addition, the film has won the Best Film Awards of almost all Korean film festivals. Secretly written and directed, specifically photographed, Secret Sunshine expresses hope and salvation as life is painful due to continuous tragedy. The film also talked about the forgiveness of God and people. The film's director and writer Lee Chang Dang said in an interview, "In the broadest sense, I wanted to express what love is, and the film is a drama, not without love, we can not talk about hope and salvation." Lee's Secret Sunshine has no clear style admitted. This film is not a film about religion, but many Korean Christians have attracted attention because of the many Christian elements in the film. <br /> <br /> June, Shin-Ae's son, kidnapped and killed while turning in secret sunshine. The kidnapper asks for money because she can buy her land, she must be wealthy. <br /> <br /> He wants to go to Shin-A church and condemn the killer. She will take her son's murderer into prison. Zhang-chan, a friend of Shin-ei, "sorry in your heart, go to jail?" Her church members cheer for her and say they pray for her. Her pastor confesses what she wants. It's a tragic moment because she is too early to make an action. The result of a meeting with the murderer is another turning point in the life of Shin-A. The murderer was already forgiven by God with a peaceful smile. This angrily angrily on God. She said, "How can I forgive a man before I'm sorry?" <br /> She begins to fight against God. She looked up to the sky and said, "I will not lose you." She becomes a trap, her heart is a trap, and her hands are chains. It is more bitter than death. She becomes crazier and crazier and is sent to a psychiatric hospital. On the day of release from Shin-ai hospital, she goes to a beauty salon and sees a famous face. Her son's murderer's daughter works in the shop and cuts her hair. The assassin's daughter helped Shin-ei kidnap her son. When she cuts the hair of Shin-A, the hero does not understand what is going on and quickly comes out of the shop. <br /> <br /> Jong-Chan is very difficult to talk about in this movie. Zhang-chan is his best side of Shin-A. Although Shin-Aye did not care about him, he put her in all the time. Shin-ai quickly hurries to the church, but Jong-chan, who started to attend the church due to Shin-Aie, is there because he reconciles with God. Le Chong-dong, director of the Secret Sunshine, says Jong-chan mingling (secret sunshine), rural city or similarly contradictory. He looks very secular and inept, but he always has two steps behind him and takes care of her. Mr. Lee Jon-Chan is an angel and I can not say that he is an angel, no one knows, no angel. "If a guy like Jon-Chan is following the twists and turns of his lover, we will defend against the overcoming of the Shin-A's life is nonsense, and after her husband's death, her husband died, and her only son murdered as her murderer Because she learned the erroneous Christianity If she's hurt herself and she's laughing at her literally, it's so easy that her life is full of meaningless, but is she still waiting for her life? We travel in our life, but she knows, though, that it's hard to do it by herself Jong-Chan has a jong-chan next to her, and she is ready to help her in any situation. It sounds like an angel. If an angel is always on our side and behind us, we can enjoy happiness in spite of our troubles in life. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine is a hot topic for conversation in Korea. It looks like Da Vinci Code. The Da Vinci Code helps us discuss the first church history, the Secret Sunshine asks us to deal with life's sorrow and find out when life feels unbearable. With the deepest explanation of the film, people misunderstood Christianity and its philosophy. With a deep description, this film will help us to see below the surface. Some people say they do not attend church worship service after seeing the Secret Sunshine and Lee Chang-dong said, "They are against Christ before they have seen this film, Secret Sunshine is a woman's life story and we can understand our life shin-a life by.
