Lee Chong-dong The extraordinary "secret sunshine" is the experience of experiencing the most emotional of the year. It is instantly sobering over the resonance of the loss and the worst memento Mori, which resonates with a spectacular density, and the emotions that it considers remain unclear. With its spectacular motion of dynamics of its layered nature and small towns, Lee breaks down the traditional Korean drama by deflecting traditional Korean dramas, distinguishing feature films and suppressing the twists and null realism that make up its characters. <br /> <br /> "Secret Sunshine" is the most compelling and liquid task of the 142-minute runtime. Its bravura first hour is covered by subtextual insinuations, the fringes of the tone of the tone brought by capriciousness of great foreshadowing and humanity. The short story is from the film, with its tenderness for the ultimate contradictions in life, and finally in his comics and rare "oasis". When the views of our universe are changed, the individual's revolutions can be seen as a counterfeit, the emotional hysteria of a sense of wisdom can only be seen by questioning Leon, but also the tumultuous existential stream of film that is nicknamed as a film to understand the supremacy of religion. <br /> <br /> Do-yo Geons ("You're Sunshine") in 2007 Enslo was the best performer. Her acting as a widow Shin-A is a tough enigma. As a character is distinguished by its controls, the spectacle of this show is the turbulent nature of the film. After another, Geon commented with a storm recession that the film would never fall apart to collapse. Instead, the theatricality and subsequent starvation collected from general tragedies and its foundations finds a delicate balance. She is the center of the film's universe and becomes a model. The glorious hand-held cinematography was filmed in the cinematic scene of frames and revisions by the film camera was always happy, quietly shocked by its gaze from Shin-AE through times of guilt and repentance. <Br /> <br /> Lee Miriam's small, suspicious town captures the details of life? Religious conditions of illness, inconvenient silence and its destructive exposure from personal dramas. Shin-A's interactions with towns are hardly rarely dividends for dividends, especially if their son, Juan (Sean Jung-Yuoop), goes out of responsibility. Jong-Chan (Song Kong-Ho), a recurring acquaintance, is a bachelor mechanic with uncertain motives that help her move to Mirang at the opening of the enchanting opening of the film with an attractive stream of sunlight. <br /> <br /> Sound of Korean is one of the biggest films of Korean films, but his navy, the low-key delivery director's thinking, does not come out explicitly. Transient, then grief is not really dissolving. And Lee finds the complexity of life. Shin-A eliminates the unpredictable heart when trying to overtake the way of coordination, the Fellowship of her Evangelical Christianity as a foil for her grief. But when understanding the religion, in the context of the human canvas of strife and tribulation, better than Lee, it's never a simple solution. While giving the form of rejection in others, Lee has never condemned the essence of religion while recognizing the value of high-powered nirvana. In half the scenes dealing with religion, it does not allow him to be frightened by it, for which most heroes think that the mask can be taken without the need to say how true the story is. And the characters. <br /> <br /> Lee's first film after the assumption of his country's minister of culture and tourism is an indelible grammar on human suffering. In a rare and original film, emotional caltry clearly reveals that there is nothing to be disappointed of the morbidity and illness. "Secret Sunshine" is lightly merciless, and points towards great understanding of depression and confidence.
