I did not intend to write this review, but after reading the default review showing the URL of this image, I was forced to write the condemned. In a word the image is exaggerated. It is not deserved to be written by the author's slander. I feel the author has missed a piece of this image to a big extent. In fact, I was also discontinued by the excessive performance of the mediated evangelist worships. However, I must ask that critic to contradict, and eventually the film evangelist is not a piece of action campaign. The director has shown that religion is not enough to find all answers, unable to provide answers to a fundamental and simplistic question and that it is not possible to provide answers to all aspects of religion that are just kind of generous sympathy. We are not displaying valuable judgment on religion, we are usually normal, well understood, and usually expressed by good people and they are not usually a monopoly on truth and religion does not ultimately provide ultimate answers to some questions in life. In the end, this is the subject of faith. You have to take on faith and that's it. If you give confidence, you can greet any presentation of faith. If you are not given the faith, then the tide of faith will get tired. At the same time, the film reviewer is instructive to look at the response. In any case, the directors may choose to notify the religious commentary and questions of the events, and even though they have spent that life, all the wounded souls of the world's 'secret sunshine' are their religious attitudes. That's just the main message of the movie! Please note the last scene if this film is not available! In the end, this movie is great and stimulates a lot of thought and faces you - the viewer with the answers you give answers to yourself. It is therefore the work of art that challenges you personally. I do not agree with that reviewer, the evangelical stuff is a bit too much. However, given the above explanation of religion as shown in the figure, I think the director is trying to balance the law, meaning that he is not an Evangelist ?? basher! The actor Kang-ho Song is as great as ever. So balanced and realistic that he is simply amazing. There is no doubt my favorite Korean actor. I know the Cannes Award for Best Actress in the Actress du-Yuvan Geon. However, in her performance I did not find any specialty. It seems you are getting crying and silly sequences and awards to act all really pleasing ?? All in all a great image. If you do not like it ?? Look again and see if you get it! If it leaves you asking for dissatisfaction or uncomfortable or questions, think that if the director is not actually aiming through this film in the first place!
