Paul Wrehoven is one of the strongest sources of any major director: before he left for Hollywood, he started making art-home films in his native Netherlands, where he was seen as just as entertaining entertainer by the main character audience. The Fourth Man in 1983 was the last film he made before moving to the United States and it was a transitional movie for him. <br /> <br /> From the start of The Fourth Man this film is from the viewpoint of the famous author Gerard. The film, which is anxious for Carroll Reed's 1949 film The Third Man, begins as a travel author to talk with a group of literary enthusiasts. However, the similarities end, but Gerard has no major problems before entering the auditorium and the speech is also very sensitive. Despite the relative convenience of this function, some of us are worried about the fact that the author has realistic imagery about killing his companion before leaving his home and he is growing from the publicity of the campaign and broken iball door. He sometimes keeps his fairy tales in contrast to the fact that an undesirable thing that he says when he says is "uncle" It's okay because it's easy to see how they've been associated with what they've seen, it's still happening. This very scenic film between the dubious scenes and the effect of Verhoeven's carefully editing style is now on this side and the film is as vague as it is. Gerard's deeper catholic beliefs come into every aspect of his life, including sexuality. He naturally associates a female hair stylist who is well aware of Biblical della, yet she feared she would remove a more important symbol of males with scissors. A romantic fantasy sequence that Leos Bunuel Blush attracts the life-size statue of Christ. <br /> <br /> The Fourth Man is a horror film that draws a viewer still maintains a certain ambiguity and in the mind of the protagonist: Gerard appears to be in danger, but it can be his "lie of the truth." The film is not an uncensored and subtle visual icon, which helps with a unique and satisfying film experience.
