De Vintent MAN (Our Fourth Man). It's a little undisturbed and lovely experience. It is a very hard and intense mental secret / thriller from the Netherlands Paul Verhoeven. He directed the film before his film "Free-Ticket to Hollywood" - the movie FLEHH + Blood. I mentioned Alfred Hitchcock in a very user-commentary on this site. In fact, the film might be Hitchcakian, but I also saw early Cronenberg (Wissall), David Lynch's flavors (surreal story-linked visuals) and Roman polans (plot-wise as set-up). The funny thing is that since 1983, until the release of The Farad Man, I did not feature the director's movies in the film, de Virdel Mann. <br /> <br /> The story of the original novel by Gerard Riv must be given a lot of credit. Gerard Riv is the fictional name of the main character (a poorer author who played by Jérône Crabbbe, has balanced a serious psychological path). Now, no one stopped and thought that the word "rêve" was actually French for "dream"? And like the movie Dream, the nightmares have a lot of scenes, often you do not always know that Gerard wakes up or if he's dreaming. This might be coincidence ...? Maybe it's me, but I do not think so. Renee Southgink is a magnificent female lead (most demanding role). She is sometimes over-acting crime (subtle). But the film was intended to play her role, because as the film progresses, you do not really know what this woman and her intentions are. She asks again how wonderful actress she is. The film is full of intimate males and feminine nudity, as well as some of the more explicit sexual-scenes (and some scenes and aspects of the visual effects blooprint that BASIC INSTINCT). <br /> <br /> Another factor in the film is the very symbolism and biblical references / images that the film was expected to be hated by some traditional / Catholic movements during the European release. Either way, it will picture the second view. Now, someone told me that I recently had rape about DeWirde Man. One of these is thought to be the venue for the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary to resolve the film itself. I have big problems with Catholicism, and sometimes, in many genres, in any genre (when it comes to religious background horror movies). But surprisingly, I have no doubts when it comes to Fourth Man. In the plot, Virgin Mary-Capt was one of my favorite at times, and I enjoyed some pleasure. I feel the keyword why I do not bother me 'duality'. Because the film works on two levels. 'Divine intervention' Although the storyline is resolved from the story of the protagonist ... On the other hand: The film suggests that a routing can be the worst moves of a madman. And it's an amusing piece: you're not sure. And then there is the question: Has Gerard Riv received somewhat distorted visions of coming up? At one point in the film, Gerard also tries to convince Christine that he believes. <br /> <br /> With his inspired story, acting performances and adequate direction, DE Verte Man is highly recommended (especially if you enjoy a solid European mental horror movie). But you can see the original Dutch version (not dubbing).
