I do not know if I do not think it's a work, but it's close to it; It's very well made, artistic, curiosity, thoughtful plot, challenging and full of bleak and sexually-religious images. There was also a great camera work from Jan de Bont, a weather score from Lok Dikker and unusual acting from Jeroen Krabbé and Renee Soutendijk, giving one of the most sensitive, subtle 'femme fatale' performance I have ever seen. Like many other European films, the film has an unconditional attitude that does not criticize the complexities of sex, nudity, and sexuality, and does not object to mixing with religious and / or surrealism (some blasphemous) images. In other words, if you can not think of an emotionally driven homosexual as you imagine the body of desire, as if you were standing in a cemetery and crucified on Jesus crucifixion before two of them, What's more surprising is how this bizarre image has managed to completely subdue being a pretentious mess. It combines abstract / surreal fantasy-reality scenes, and somehow it all works. Any good mystery can be seen by slowly slowing down the film. There's no clarity in an out-of-left field here. The film is directed, no filler is required and once it ends, you begin to understand any advantage of confusion in front of you. If you want the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I would like to guarantee that I like this movie. <br /> The heart, if you do not even know who you are, you may still like it. <br /> I'm going to spill the plot by the most detailed ones, a spider grabbing its prey - Krebba, Krubbé, Smugg, Bisexual Writer Gerard Rev (Crucially, the novel based on this novel) Cruz, Simon Simon-like innocence / Combined with the sutteric, myriad and traditional styles of cutting), a Sahit who is responsible for the deaths of her three husbands 'Black widow' could be. (Both by Christopher's lovers, young and "beautiful" Hermann (Thom Hofmann), at home (through the frequent appearance of another woman who was originally acted by Guerd de Jong or another woman who does not actually exist) (Terrific, Surface. , Things get unexpected turn. <br /> <br /> The 4th decade is the world's largest art It was a success, but it did not come to the US until 1984. The best foreign film of the year from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association is the most common video media release, which has been dubbed in. The new subtitle Anchor Bay DVD will try to avoid direct and head releases. , The Vernon Career has its ups and downs The. He had some good movies (Flesh & Blood, robokop) and some lousy ones (showgirls) did. In fact, Verhoeven's Basic Instinct, a big hit in the fourth match of the less interesting than, the same as the version in the Junior League. Soutendjik has also tried his hand at acting in America and has the best offers to get her in the GRAVE Secrets (1989) and Eve (1991) of Destruction, leading her right back to the Netherlands.
