Paul Verhoyan's ancestor 'Basic Instinct' hit for his breakout is a beautiful and surprising neo-noir thriller. Verhoeven is one of the reasons for his own in Holland and America and is one of the reasons for this movie, to make some of the worst worst films. Fourth Man follows the story of Gerard Reeve (played by Jérron Krabe); A gay, alcoholic and slightly insane writer goes to Walsheen to give a talk on his stories. While there, he takes a sexy Christine Hulk slag (Renee Southgink) to her home, where she finds a beautiful picture of one of her lovers and declares that he is going to meet him, even if he kills him. <br /> Paul Vähhoven makes the truth many times in the picture and confirms you never know where you are. Many events in The Fourth Man may be visible, but they can easily be commented completely differently and this will place the audience on the edge of their seats over time and the film will work well with this story. Paul Wrohoven is not a film producer, he thinks he is suppressing himself and is one of the things I like best about him. The film has a very surprising scene, so I was sick after hours (and it never happened too!). I wont like to spoil it because it needs to work with the surprise element ... but you'll see what I mean when you see the image (make sure you get the uncensored version!). There are other surprises that are less surprising than I mentioned, although they are lovely; A man consumed by lions, another man has a pipe sent by his skull, a boat hit in half ... lovely. <br /> <br /> Playing in The Fourth Man is not something to write home but is solid throughout. Jérône Crabby has audiences' attention and sees this role as a drunken writer. It is Renéne Soutendijk, however, the story is very impressive, like the femme fatale in the middle. Her performance was similar to Sharon Stone nine years later with Basic Instinct, but the original Fetale made it better. He is directed by Paul Verhoyen as he directs our attention through a number of perspectives, all of which help create the mystery of the story. Verhoeven has gone to make some garbage, but he has a talent that clearly has talent and does not put it in good use. All Verhoeven movies I've ever seen, though it's the best and even though it's hard to come across; Trust me, it's worth the effort.
