The simple picture of "Villa PARANOIA" of the villa "PARANOIA" is more important than the jury prize, Eric Klassen's brilliant sweet bitter dramatic comedy, "Villa Paranoia", appealing to filmfiles of all ages prescribed by the European Youth Jury. The following day, director-actor Claussen went to the remote town of Pierce de Loire for a regional festival of the New York film, where "Villa Paranoia" three prizes - Best Picture, Professional Jury; Best Picture, Audience Gift And "Lycees", the best film of another junior jury with the revision of French high school students. Five Gifts for a Weekend - Not a bad scoop for the movie from a small country with unknown stars. In addition, six prizes a week through the Grand Prix, Manchester Spirit Award, "Villa" just a week ago in San Jose, California, California, with famous British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"). Veterans Maverick Eric Klassen (62) and his talented staff of actors will soon demonstrate the world that Denmark offers more and more positive viewers if Lars von Trier has made Denmark in the dubbi-oddball dogma cinematic map in recent years. In addition, the female lead character of his film Sonja Richter, which has a magical screen presence, is a little more likely to be the next international Scandinavian Diva. For the record, "Villa Paranoia" is a fictional film, written, directed and directed by Mr. Klasen and uses some of the models from Molier's "Imaginary Validity". Anna (Richter), a prestigious young actress, lost a deeply dignified role in Molière's play and committed suicide entirely to stupid tee commercials. However, Jorgen (Clausen), who sponsors a spicy sponsor, offers a job of the room and board taking care of his daring, aged, chair rider father, valentine, who does not speak a word from his wife Stella before committing suicide. Finally, Anna is the only way to communicate with a hostile quiet old groach - and he finds that he is deaf and morally degraded over the years - a country called "Maled Imaginari". She plays a great role in her life to uncover the dark mystery that led to Walton's entire withdrawal from life and reality. This is a real villa for the molyal tradition of partly derivative "Paradise-Paranoia", a hearty, multi-layer, serial-comic psycho-drama, literally something for everybody, and requires proper placement to achieve the general type of international outreach it deserves. Alex Dylan, Paris / 21 MARCH, 2005
