One of the greatest John Ford artifacts, Young, undoubtedly Lincoln was not practically at the time of the initial release, the year 1939 was released because of the many great films of the whole movie history, including the most mythical of John Ford's Landmark Stage Coach and Gun With the Wind, The Wizard of Oz, Mr. Smith Wass to Washington In history, it is playing the original screen. <br /> <br /> The 1950s American and European film critics and historians Young Russian Lincoln, the famous Russian director Sergei Eisenstein, who was about to shift in the shadows of other John Ford's artworks, continued to be the lowest Ford film for many years, He praised a note written up to where he was present If there is an opportunity to direct any American film, it is definitely John Ford Young Mr. Lincoln. Such undoubtedly priorities from Eisenstein began to see the film again, but some have grown from the point of view of the different eyes and the film only ever since. <br /> It is not the first time that one of the most popular American presidents was brought to the fore. At the beginning of the 1930s, Griffith did in his Abraham Lincoln, and the same year Ford's film, MGM, released one of John Cromwell, aka Ail Lincoln in Illinois. Interestingly enough, both were based on the most successful Broadway Stage play by Robert Sherwood, released in 1938. As far as John Ford's films are concerned, we can easily identify the lives of many of the works of 1924 The Iron Horse or 1936 The Director and the Death of Mythical Lincoln. Shark Island prisoner, secondly, Young Mr Lincoln, the favorite lyrican's song Dixie - the main music background. <br /> <br /> It is a very rare thing for Screenplay Ford based on Stage Play and Lincoln's biography, which was written by Lamar Trotti by John Ford himself, but the final result is just amazing - Legends about the legends and the beginning of Abraham Lincoln's life and law practice is an integral part The scorching but heavily heartfelt hearing scene, Lincoln accused of killing two young brothers defender and the goddess's film's high and main laughter and tears generator, which is most likely to be a witness to their mother and her prosecutor advocate (played by Donald Mack ) And she could not have been among her daughters The river is sure to kill. <br /> <br /> Abraham Lincoln is a very touching, heartfelt and funny film with just magnificent performance from Henry Fonda in his highest classification. The greatness of the other characters was derived from the spectacular and intelligent screenplay, and the best of the best delivery was John Ford's intellectual ability. Let's look for a perfect one. 10/10
