Drug Years is actually a matter of small documentary or TV-related issues for a few weeks in TV. It is, in a way, not long enough. There are major bases in the decades, and they are keen to observe in modern modern history and opinions from different sides. But it is almost insufficient, or given only once when it is allocated more time than is covered. For example, information and details of the whole process and business are allocated to the total amount of shipping (partially marijuana, later cocaine), but there is a time when more details are available. <br /> <br /> The documentary supplements, pop-culture, government intervention, upper classes and lower classes and suburbs are the waves of different medications over the years, and interplay between all is very clear. No one in the film - except the possibility of small references with the pot) - goes to approve drugs, but at times it is fun to take some drugs shown, and then in old clips about tragic, no honesty. The performances of various staunch and ridiculous anti-drug executives hamper a few points with a hammer-a summary of medicinal cultures and the entire American connection- sometimes one of the mainstream interviews. This is not as effective as thinking of war on drugs because the only way to reach the problem of drugs is simply 'nothing'. <br /> <br /> It is clean on all sides about all drugs and people who are hypocritical about them (for example, oxycontin continue on the market). <br /> <br /> Is it the great Ken Burns documentary interest and depth? Not long ago, but a long time ago it was a year ago for a few summers TV view for young (ie, my age), as well as the oldest history that reflected as the oldest history, as well as a few decades after the 'old' peak peaks, careless times, and then frustrating the same medium advertised for more years And promoted. It's not entirely lying, that the documentary may have a particularly biased attitude, but it's a fascinating view of the social, political and entertainment scenario (better or worse).
