Bernhard's malady atmosphere began with the book Donald Bernard Malamud - author / philosopher - the short novel of 1971, which is now examining disputes between Jews and African Americans during Brooklyn's incendiary environment. This story is as confusing as a novel: Most of the cerebral dissertation, which is transcribed in a screenplay by the initiators David Diamond and Danny Green (also specifies), can eventually lead to action in the last moments. Harry Lester (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish novelist with a book under his belt, but now attempts to complete his 'newest book' in a ten-year work. He first persuaded him to complete the novel in the same environment. He is the only tenant to pay a lease for Brooklyn's rented prisoners owned by Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel), trying to buy Harry's lease, whereby the dirty wreck building is demolished. In this atmosphere, Harry enters into another black militant quasi-semitic writer Willie Sparmint (Snoop Dogg), who is a friend of the novelists who write about the hidden, hidden, and death of all white people. Harry's attempts to help Willy Harry's meeting with Willy's militant black sisters and sisters friendly meeting is a friend of Willie's friend, white Jewish Irene Bell (Rose Byrne). Willie and Irene Skids, and Harry gradually falls in love with Irene, and Harry leaves New York when his novel ends. When Willie heard of the appointment and faced with criticism by Harry, Willie burst into the scene and not only the sensitive friendship, but also the competition between the writers. <br /> <br /> Actors make their best with a bit awkward script, but the writing lines create credible characters. Cinematography raises the story, keeping the mood dan and confined to the dense and mainly condemned building. This musical score uses exactly solo jazz trumpet and blues pianos, which can be used to explain the tension and loneliness of each specific character. Although cerebral ramblings take some patience to do it, eventually the image is worth watching. At least in the big city, attempts to rebuild Malamud's overwhelming attention. Grady Harp
