The debut film, directed by Jack Nicholson, shows that at least at least he shows that actors are a gifted director. This story is for the audience (and for modern audiences - if they can find it, they are now more popular in the eBow - they are more free than they think), interesting characters. The film tells the story of two college children: the protagonist Hector (William Tupper, on the boundary of the leisure show), the star of the leopard, the college basketball team he is playing. She will have to face the pressure to put pressure on her coach (Bruce Dern), and she is a girlfriend (and Karen Black) with her emotional problems and off on Gabriel (Michael Margotto), another young child. Gabriel, it seems, is more than a freak out by drafting the possibility, and thus makes his own radical mind what he can do in the state. <br /> <br /> Hector tries to find a balance between his upcoming reputation and the love he loves, and Gabriel enters his integrity. <br /> <br /> Nicholson exhibits a fascinating editing style of technology, on the edge of basketball scenes, and a dark-hearted documentary in many other scenes. And Tepper, Black, and Robert Tony (Chiatown, the last detail, and mission: Impossible among others, very rarely) he also earned some credible acting. There is a tendency in the raft to reduce his emotions. In some scenes, for example, when he delivers brilliantly crazy, it does not play for the worth. From Margoto, his performance has a powerful, twisted power, and he frightens when he is frightening, but maybe at times (and any medal). Dern is very good in his scenes, at the show where he earned an Oscar nomination. Each line of his dialogue is correct, the truth is not as hammed as the recent coach film shows. <br /> <br /> The dragging down of this movie is that the elements of the characters may not be more familiar with degree. The script was co-written by Jeremy Larner with a novel by film Nicholson, and I thought the film would be longer than that. This is a thin volume with information about the innate feelings of the younger generation, about the sport, about times, and many times. Nicholson presents us with these characters and situations, and rarely shows what they are motivating (anti-war protesters are not included, understand their part). Gabriel is daring to know what's happening in Vietnam, but what's there there? Hector, too, is a man who fears about drafting for the NBA, and he still loves to play, but what is holding him back? The whole atmosphere is memorable, the 60s last college / basketball experience, but the secret quality that leads to some negligence, where it can not go further. Overall, the overall picture's effect is sweet bitter, and is somewhat memorable for its good points, and it's not for less. And, obviously, you can tell each step of the way the lens is behind. B +
