This is a very spectacular picture to watch. Using digital technology, the director, Romer, painted the life of his life actors in a literal way. Most of the time this works particularly brighter, especially as the movie pop-up story comes to life in the book. It's less successful in some scenarios that limits camera angles (for example not a piece of some buildings), but this is an interesting way to portray a very historic film about our own misconception. History's limited views are history. It was commented by the memoirs of Grace Elliot, former wife of Duke de Orleans. Thus, Marxist historians, in particular an incident in France, generally refer to one of them, from the perspective of the woman's aristocratic alien. Inevitably a different opinion emerges-no objective representation. The use of a reminder tool gives the episodic quality rather than the film. Personally, I found interesting story around King's death. Duc votes for King's death (the basic knowledge of the French Revolution helps to follow a dialogue between Grace and Duke, who was Luis's cousin and himself elected to the assembly, and immediately changed his name to Philip.) Lewis's death is so amazing. Grace and her maid, from Paris, are in Medon, watching from a hill with a telescope. We can not see the death penalty, we only heard a commentator like Grace. The most dramatic event of the revolution takes place behind the scenes. Grace can not see her king being killed. Her view is an elite. Lewis's death was literally the kind of skill in her eyes. It's a powerful, interesting intellectual movie. The love story between Duc and Grace is insinuated, never said, and mighty movable (tho du D appears a bit of a tribe 's fool in times; what does she see him? Not accounting for taste). For some time like the Revolution, the defects of madness (just being a suspect), Grace's life has been knocked down, searched daily for her home, and she can cook her services to her and feed her dressing! If you have any interest in a subtle, nicely crafted film, better use new technologies to tell the old story or represent a crucial moment in European history, which is a noble foreign woman, the ultimate outsider, well worth your time. It is a bit slow in places, but your patience is very rewarding.
