Hayao is the second film of Miyazaki and his first commercially and critically acclaimed praise (his debut - Nasikka AKA Warriors of the Wind is considered by many fans to be his best), 'Tennu No Shiro Rapita' AKA 'Castle in the Sky' Kiki's Delivery Service ',' Mononoke-Hem 'and' Spirited Away 'compared to its recent artwork, Ryu seem flexible, but in 1986, the last years of its age, and it is one of the milestones in modern anime. The main characters are mainly manga hero / heroine / villain type characters, and the story is very speculative and clear (at least in today's criteria.) It's important to remember that 'Castle in the Sky' was two years before the revolutionary 'Akira', and not as provocative and controversial as above mentioned masterpiece ), Miyazaki's design and animation work never seen before There analu. Although the story and humor are silly and old for a while, the film is still very entertaining and very entertaining - not as breathtaking as 'Spirited Away'. And look at the beauty of the frames yourself and ignore the low-budget color and animation and similar twin faces - at this time Miyazaki is still confident of its origins and the accepted standards of Japanese cartooning - you can also see Mijazi's intellectual glow as well as on 'sprited Away' and Mononoke . 'Castle in the Sky' is a science fiction adventure and is more suitable for children, compared to what he has done with classic anime, his motifs and principles still play an important role. I said that it is more than just trying to destroy the movie. It's quick to say I give only nine stars because if I give ten, I can never go for 'Spirited Away' and 'Princess Mononoke'. <br /> <br /> Many anime movies, if you do not speak Japanese, I recommend to see the Japanese version with English subtitles - English overdubs are simply not good, and in this case it's horror. In English version, but for laughing, and star-studded cast (English dub only recorded 'Spirited Away' after Kick's Delivery Service) - Anna Pacquin and James Van der Beck (yes, The Dawson Guy!) Are the main characters, Mark Hamill (from the 'Star Wars' by Luke Skywalker, in the case you do not know) the villain, and other characters (The Simpsons, Rigga Rats, Animaniacs ...), Shaun Michael McCarthy (Kevin Costner's Robin Hood, Friar Tuck from travesti) and Mandy Patinkin (Hello, my name is ... inigo monto) is good laugh, or laughing really. But first to see a Japanese one.
