It's always difficult to keep a stamp in the image of 'What's Best', if all the pictures, a certain style, or whatever you like, in fact, have made a great animated film. This is the main theme of Hayoio Miyazaki in my mind, the most talented of Japan's animated directors, and it captures her strengths as the best director, tale and designer, and adds her favorite underlying themes. I reviewed the 2003 American Dub (I know for a hard-core anime fan who did not see my native language); There was at least one other English language dub, I had VHS (I had no idea from any source), and that version was the single best dub I encountered in any movie. <br /> <br /> Laputa is the story of a growing number of mining towns (voiced by James van der Beck here). One day a little girl named Anna (Paaquin) literally falls from the sky. She is being run by an evil government agent, Colonel Musa (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magical crystal hanging around her neck. There is also a bad funny pirate gang after Crystal, headed by Cloris Leachman, to keep things lively, but still horrific Dola (Cloris Leachman). This plot revolves around the ability to expose the flying city of the crystalline lapta, the potential science of scientific science and hidden treasure. It's all too much to put in a fairy-tale setting, but the Miyazaki story knows how far away, and the threads peppered with the 'gosh-wow' moments and threads with warnings about his traditional morality and the energy abuse of nature <br /> Almost twenty years The design work is still revolutionary after lapse. Flying on all kinds of machines, completely impossible, but shining. At the beginning of the twentieth century, the world has been set up somewhere, with spectacular impossible flying machines with telegraphs and antique motors. But the city with a brightly illuminated city; The lapse is also the fire of the Garden of Eden Garden and Paradise, and its scope for its scene, its power and its danger. <br /> <br /> Unlike the contemplative design and the beautifully presented film, Lapputa blessing is an amazing feeling of cinematography. A small drowning man in the clouds shows that the flyers shake up the shots from shots flying at high speed for ships. Even with the magic of CGI ?? Only about daily. This is only a small part of the world, its simplistic elegance is spread beyond the boundaries of the frame and we do not have any problem in it. The film has one of my favorites, even though there are not many exciting and action sequences: the landed Guardian Robot accidentally reacted and trying to save Sheeta, which is a sleepwalker). Meanwhile, pajaj and pirates have stunned their little flying machines, literally, from the jaws of destruction. From rural horror horror scene to the last second rescue, knowing how far away to take the entire sequence of time and camera angles and audiences. Laputa has an amazing score. Composer Joe Hayesi captures the world of beauty, innocent innocence, exciting action, and the other world with the creeping gaze of flying city and its eccentric robot. He re-recorded for this DVD release (which is not an IMO on his original score), with additions here and there, the score visuals have a complete, rare amount of unit and attention. <br /> This is not a bad dub. I'm inordinately fond of the old English dub, and these spots are just a tad over the contents, but I was almost amazed close to those voices that match (and that pretty Japanese matched). Especially Dola is difficult to find, but Lehman is a fiery old pirate woman (her sons are not very good). Pacquin Sheeta, and Mark Hamill did good jobs, I realized him before, and I had enough skills to make musku (I liked a little more of the musk's other English dub, but Hamill's good). Most image depends on the sides of the paw, and Van der Beck is amazing. I thought that this staff would have access to the other English dub, because VDB was very close to the original pad. Despite the evidence of boycotting between otaku faithful, I love this movie too, I do not think you're sacrificing a great deal just watching this special English version. Pixar's John Lasitor is the first introduction to it and my suspicion is that he is very much like trying to make this film a very high quality. <br /> <br /> In recent years, Miyazaki has been successful with Spirited Away and Mononoke (one of the few films I do not care about), but it is still credited to me that Lupta is still his crown. Anyone who knows his next work is almost a master on his form of hitting on each cylinder, again, enjoy this earlier work. I would like to pay big money to see on the big screen. Perhaps it's never going to happen, it's good to know that at least this classic DVD is saved.
