Now you are thinking about the new Disney dub of Miyazaki's classic film: The Castle in the Sky. In the summer of 1998, Disney released the "Kiki's Delivery Service" in the video, which included a preview of Laupta Dub in "1999". It was a clear way of the year that year, but the dub finally finished. "Laputa: The Sky in the Castle", which is not "Laputa: Castle in the Sky", Laputa is not such a nice word in Spanish (although they use the term Laputa several times throughout the dub). You probably will be the world renowned composer, Joe Heishi, the film originally made, new arrangements went back to the wonderful music rescore. Laputa came in front of my neighbors Totoro, and after the Valley of the Wind's Nouczy, it opened the studio Gibble and was a long string of hits. And in my opinion, I think it's one of Mijasaki's best films with a powerful lesson that I put inside these two hours and four minute gemstones. LaTeX: Castle in the Sky is a movie for all ages and I want everybody to see it. <br /> <br /> For those who do not know the castle in the story of Sky, it will start at the beginning and the next two hours. The storytelling is insane and skillfully engraved, you will see Miyazaki true vision. And believe me, it's a wonderful one. The film starts with Sheeta, a girl from a Hellouin past. Sheeta Laputa is crucial, the castle in the sky and the long lost civilization. The key to Laupta is that she has a number of governments, military and air pirate group, a sacred pendant called Dola Gang (who is a friend after Sheeta and Pazu). Soon, pirates attacked the ship and escapes during her raid. She gets thousands of feet, but the fall is soft and thanks to her pendant. While she is floating from the sky, Pazu, a living orphan boy working in mines, sees her and sees her. Two were fast friends, but she was caught in a big thrill ride, thanks to her pendant, the two Dola gang and the government try to capture the sheet. Aside from an action sequence, we will learn all the intentions and identities of the character, which is perfectly built for emotional and action pack climax. Plus somewhat twisted surprise. I wish the film was just awesome and had two hours and four minutes of running time. The story is amazing, as we peak into the animated Hayao Miyazaki's animation. The film is a combination of several seasons. It feels like it happens at the end of 1800, but it has some alternative universe that has modern technology and weapons. Laputa is also surprisingly a funny movie. The film has tons of happy moments, which is almost identical to the drama and actions. I think it's a scene for the funniest part park, where the paju owner faces the bandit, and the riots are immediately removed. We see the men comparing their strength and this is perfectly music perfectly. <br /> Now talk about dub rates. An amazing cast gives some great performances to bring these characters to life. Teen heartbreak James van der Beck plays the role of the hero, who has more mature tones in Japanese version, and he actually shouts more innocence. Either way, I feel his voice is a nice setting. Anna Pacquin played the young Oscar winner of the "piano". It is also a good show, but the voice is a bit uneven, she does not want to be an accent true. Sometimes she sounds American as Apple Pie, but at other times she looks like anyone from New Zealand. I'm very pleased with the performance of Mommy Dola by Corees Lechmann. This is not only a spectacular show, but her voice and emotion character really brings it to life. If a live action film (G-D ban) is always there, she is one to play with, you can imagine her role (well, somewhat). Luke Skywalker himself, Marc Hamill Muska, and this is another top Hamile performance. You might have heard about Hilllie from the long line that you have composed since the original Star Wars films, but he gave Muscah a complete evil. His voice is like his simple voice and Joker's blend, he plays for episodes in the animated Batman series. <br /> <br /> Speaking about the cast, the Dola is a member of the gang and actor Jim Cummings, the voice-acting voice character, such as Andy Dick and Mandy Pikein. <br /> Now this dub special, Joe Haiishi's newly formed music that makes me really Music is very memorable to all those who have never heard of him, like all the films of Mr. Heiashi Music and Miyazaki. Each scores are unique to each one. Now, I think these new arrangements he made are "American," aimed at new recordings. Do not worry, the classic version of the Japanese version is still in great shape. Score, me, is a Hollywood blockbuster that sounds like this set up. It has more energy, it's more important, it's clear and deep. The opening of the film, we first introduced to airships, has some new music (I'm not sure, but I believe the ships have no music for the first time). But the majority of music enjoy new backgrounds and more background music. Things will look great. In the powerful scene, the music is much stronger in the original versions. In calmness, it's more calm. Overall, most of you are happy with the new arrangements, and I think it will do well and personally help it improve the film. I'd like a new score on an older, I would expect Disney to release the music rights to the soundtrack or give it a full license. <br /> <br /> Another plus side for the dubi is the story is reliable, the original Japanese lines remain intact. In Kiki, I'm sure certain lines have changed, and likewise, the lines have changed. But the majority are close or correctly written in the original lines and dialog Miyazaki. I was afraid that some wonderful lines would be butchered, but they were intact. Some new lines have been added, which will help. But I'm not sure if I'm going to check this good thing or bad stuff, it's not in the Japanese language that the song is finished. I made completely new songs for Kiki Dub, but this version is the original song ... I became mortified in Japanese. <br /> <br /> This is a big down side of the canister, and is associated with how it's played, the lips of the character. But in any dubbed it is not perfect, but I think Kiki and Mononoke are better for dubbing matches (and Disney has some time in this case ...). Some time is perfect, sometimes it's done, and in rare cases, someone tells me and the lips do not move all (Sheeta Chakilas and a scene in her mouth <br /> <br /> For most of the film, it's my thoughts. I thought it was an amazing piece of animation, until the end of the sequence, the animation was very lush and descriptive You have to see just awe, with the true nature of each character, the true details of their close-up, close scenes and actions. It's like a moving piece of art and it happened in the mid-1980s. The animation is different from Disney, Gibli has its own distinct flame, but it is very good.After these years, the colors appear as enthusiastic as ever.Laputa also has tons of action sequences, lots of aircraft dogfights and on the ground. These scenes are very well made and witty, it's scary, they can be compared to a big budget action movie. And in the end you should see. The sound effects are pure and classic and fit explosions, fire guns and everything else is well. Like all magic images, everyone focuses on a different backdrop (eg: Kiki: Confidence). This is a great lesson on greed and power. People do not realize that greed takes on you, and how much power it is not good. <br /> <br /> In all, Laputa: Launch the Castle in the Sky and now has a great image has been greatly improved. I'm glad to see more of this classic animated film on the mainstream audience now it's fame. With a great voice cast from Joe Hiashi, with an amazing Reddon musical score entering the film, Disney has done a very good job on this dub. Kiki and Princess Mononoke have seen the mouth in Disney cans better, but Still Castle is still a great dub and is now too late to cost now, because it can now be more spectacular.
