Regardless of any of the personal feelings of a wolverine Borowczyk's furious yet beautiful gem "La Bette", this strange gem is an absolutely unique cinematic experience. The borovkkic emotional fairy tale is banned in many countries in many countries, which is why the victim of this controversial gem movie film sensors is very clear. "La Bate" is a fascinating blend of intense and beautiful fairy tale atmosphere, most explicitly refusing to take any compromise, such as romance and original inequality. Beastiality (Types) One of the main themes of the film certainly did not help with sensors, but it became very controversial and so the wider audience was informed. <br /> <br /> Pierre de L'esperance (Guy Trezan), the head of a French aristocratic family, is married to Lucy Brewdrust (Lisbert Hummel) for his slightly sensitive son Matthew (Pierre Benedetti), a wealthy English family Married a beautiful daughter. Due to the old curse, Madrun's uncle (Marcel Daleo) is perfect against the marriage. When Lucy and her mother reach the French estate, Lucy is immediately impressed with the portrait of 18th-century ancestor Romdea (Cirpa Lane) and with an old book describing strange artifacts. That story is soon coming to the extreme sexual fever-dreams ... I can say that exceptional film fans do not miss this film without giving away too much. Strangely, "La Bette" is beautifully beautiful in style, settings and cinematography. The fever-nature is within the atmosphere like- and out-of-the-scenes. Excellent settings of forest estate and imposing family building, and beautiful scoring and amazing cinematography build an overwhelming atmosphere for this grotesque story. From a very clear sexuality to sexually aggressive (elegant female nudity, ravishing actresses) from severe confusing and somewhat irritating (from horses on genitalia, when having sex); In any case it is unlikely to be forgotten. The whole cast of "La Bate" is fantastic and all the characters provide great performances in tremendous roles (some of which are very thick). The actress's profits in the film, the ancestor or relative unknown to the fascist actress Cirpa Lane (the dead death of Aids in 1999), but notably actress actress Pascal Revolt, <br /> <br /> "There are some scenes in the most memorable films, and the scenes with the name 'beast' are perfect. It is highly recommended for your controversial and exceptional film fans.The true cult gem!
