The Polish filmmaker Wolverine Bolovik's La Bete (French, 1975, Aka the Beast) is one of the most controversial and brave films and is one of the most spectacular. This film usually tells everything that is hidden and reflected specifically about our nature and our sexual nature and the silence of its signs. Images are jungle, rational, "sick" or enthusiastic, but they are finally cited. Sex, desire and death are very strong and basic things and dominate all flesh that has a human soul within. <br /> They think they are fearless, unacceptable and rarely considered true. <br /> <br /> A teenage girl was soon forced to meet her mother in a French rural area, where she had some kind of written contact. All very exciting and waiting impatiently to see new people who come to each others' parents and relatives and their families. Shines through the innocence of the young bride and no one knows what happens inside the walls of the big and beautiful French building and what to wake up, all its beings and animals, and a mysterious "la bête" <br /> Canadian David Cromenberg's retirement feature shivers (1975) which takes place inside a huge luxury building, in which destructive and crystalline parasites are lung out of man Spread through contact, make people happy and violent in fulfilling their desire for joy and instincts. Man is stronger in his will and is stronger than his will, and therefore these instincts are dangerous and powerful as some of the other animals, such as a beast, blood, vengeance or sex. Only human beings are animals, but we are also animals, because intelligence is not always as usable as we can see anywhere around us. The film is very intimidating to the hypocritical attitudes, and he exhibits an angry and aggressive male horse waiting to get out of the breed, and the rage and visual motion from his eyes, the key elements of the earliest and why it is so close to the organs not. The horse is a beast that causes almost no heat, and is stronger than his power because he has no control at that time. The power of nature makes a beast a beast. <br /> <br /> When the momentous starts, the characters are introduced, and the ages of all aged children from the children of the film develop their bud, creating the face of human life on the screen to reflect the life of life for adults and adults. All races including urban and rural residents and both sexes do not have to be present and represent the entire nation. The horse's role in the main character is increasing because she has seen horses connecting and she has never acted without thinking. For the first time she sees something unique and exciting and excites and feels very important for you and her body, as you get so much water when you are thirsty. The girl's evolution in this girl is very important because she lived with her mother and camera and a character-boyfriend without knowing these things, yet the moment was waiting to get out of the moment. Meat is flesh and it is humanitarian, but are not these things still easy to be accepted and are trying to portray these images for decades? Man's stupidity and aversion to the interpretation of the images is not an argument for the film to be banned or violated. <br /> <br /> The last 30 minutes of the film are also important in the beginning, talk without words. The girl and the audience starts to have dreams about the mysterious beast that turns out that her mind is none other than the undressed form, as she starts to feel and desire, and lived in the woods without the other people / animals nearby. The dream scene can lead to a lot of controversy along with the overall straight and honest attitude of the film, and it's easy to pick up the pictures, judging it as "unfortunately" and "obscene". It's easy, character reactions and ideas behind what we see. The pictures are thrilled in her dream and eventually the dream of the dream (more) for the human character and Borowczyk forces us to accept with pictures that are close to a "normal" sexual act between a man and a woman, it is a beautiful thing and love expression, another human need. For example, in the building between the teenager and the blacksmith, many scenes and intellectually black humorous love scenes have interrupted many times, for example, someone shouting for the servant, and the two younger sized image bodies, and the angry voice disruption at least not interrupts. Borowczyk managed to paint his images very beautiful and "Sensitive" his message was almost impossible to understand, but nothing seems impossible for our cultures and minds to criticize the art. <br /> <br /> "The end is inevitable, but the meaning of the dream sequence is also Dramatic and "Revealing" is also powerful without ending.When we look at the astonishing city, we find a black comedy when we look at a little more than what they see when they see the truth about meat, us and their The film is reminiscent of the story of French author Georges Bataille, which has similar themes about how emoticism, death, and both have always been our flesh.The book is well written and looks fantastic, as well as the film, Very clear "content and other equally important depth comments <br /> <br /> The image of Borowczyk is also very beautiful along with the raw honesty, and the nature and forest are very rare in this picture they are bright and shining.The sun shines through the trees, and everywhere live in humans, and its beauty There is always a time, but it is hideous that the inhabitants of the world originate. Every innocent white sheep has a selfish, sinister and terrible beast in our world and our intellect will never be able to surpass our evil instincts and the other side of the sheep, within every human soul. It is about how it manages to remain active and active on the dark side. Our instincts are not bad, but it is satisfied with exploitation, violence and the malignant and destructive circle created by using this intelligence and looking at what is natural and evil. The human being is not more than an animal with intelligence and intelligence, it is easy to forget and everything is easy and easy to eat through the things that are better and more satisfying in each and every moment. Borowczyk's image is a masterpiece of magical cinematic, unforgettable and brilliant episode with a fanatical theme and also an example of how one who achieved, even expressed and given a human maker.
