Ok ... this is a strange news .... Honestly, I can not say you all the intricate plot-points of BEAST, cuz I started losing interest when I first went in 45 or more minutes - but just wait, it definitely makes "pick up". <br /> <br /> The plot is something about a monster in the woods that some French aristocrats get caught in the chick day. Finally you see "The Beast", which looks like a man dressed as a horse-cock, like a big rat-bear dresser. The scene takes place with the noble woman running around the forest looking for a lost sheep. The sheep are dead and the woman feared. The beast pop, chick and shoots rape over 400 gallons of rape. Eventually the chic beast starts to enjoy the "vision" of the beast as a result of some pretty novel imitation romantic scenes, including the scene of an unnervingly erotic foot masturbation where the woman jerks the beast with his feet everywhere the monster fires more heavy loads' I've got a twisted foot-fetish - so Let me claim ....) The whole picture is in retrospect and bit too bad Day said that the long-line of the dialogue scenes. <br /> <br /> "Foolish" But the speculative ending ends with this very strange movie. Cinematography is very eye-catching and sets, dresses and spaces are extensive. The plot is a little twist and ends with such an unexpectedly hilarious film about a rat-bear hitting chick. A good bit of tights, donkey and hairy 70 French shrubs to help make the film's first dull first half. To be honest, if all the graphic scenes of massage are not related to willful virginity, this film was originally bored - you have a very close and personal scene with a discouraged dialogue and some graphic horse sex boring horses, a fixed drain and tightly covered male horse vagina. YUM !!!). But the bursts sex scene is very strange and a refreshing change from the rest of the movie, I'll say that the scenes are only made for the real snooper. I would like to recommend to anyone who has seen us - the beast rape is really out there and there is something to witness. Any fans of the 70's / 80's sleaze movies are also recommended - these are pretty high ranks with them. Loving rat bear animals are valuable for you (like me) 8/10
