If you want your movies to be exclusive, like me, and I do not like other movies, I would recommend that I check the beast. The film is a mythological, romantic, fantasy fairy tale, centered around a mythical 'Beast', which revolves around the French building and lights after women. The film is very daring about its contents, and it has something to credit. The zoo theme is a perfect forbidden, and for good reason, I can add; But the picture tells it; Straight and point. Like other movies to maintain a taboo on their center, The Beast might be around and use our imagination to fill our vacation, but Borovik did not do so and he was so courageous that he would open up all the criticism, but the fact that he went ahead with it, In my view, the larger the person Thumbs are meant to be. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a Randy Male horse with a sequence that sees a woman. This opener puts an exclamation mark in the film and they are going to see audiences in some ways, a vibrant tour de force. The scenes with the woman with the beast appear to be grateful and shocking, and hence it is responsible for many people (which are forbidden for 20 years), but these scenes do not just need a bolovik to shock the viewer; This image is a defining point. As mentioned in the picture; The difference between man and beast is intelligence. Both man and beast know how to control them, there are only instincts. Beast seeks this discrepancy by man and the sexually explicit sexuality; The beast is a fantasy sequence that seems to be embodied in the control of human desire, and it is only when the central role of the female lady goes under his control to see his beast. <br /> <br /> The film features strong themes of the old time story of 'Aesthetics and the Beast', and in total it is not a morality, but a morality. <br /> <br /> Many of the scenes are for the boring of the film's surprising sex scenes, but these scenes are important for the story. Without these scenes, we can not find the story of the characters or the beast, and, most importantly, The 'beauty and the beast story' does not have a horror ending for the audience, and it is one of the main themes of the film; That would be a real shame. Besides, Borovikki is entertaining through these scenes of his audience, not with shocks, but with the conversation and the noble class of the family, not seeing the beautiful scenes of the building, so there are no later events in the film. <br /> <br /> Overall, The Beast is a surprising picture. It is a horror film and it's astonishingly painted that this film is not for everyone. However, if you can get the shock of the film, and embrace the beast; A skillful and beautiful piece of art that should not be missed for anyone who is willing to give this film.
