See the B & W German films of silent and early acoustic eruptions, when many people think about expressions of emphasis, and the German and B & W German movies of the early eruptions - the motion pictures that emphasize cold angles, light and dark, exaggerated performance, and occasional uses to secrete the classical and natural way to create surrealism from film representations. If we accept that only Germans are not only filmmakers to create expressive images, and the above features are not intermediate for expressionist film), then I didseka-den (DKD) is a prime example of this type of film. Like dreams <br /> <br />, DK kirossa rare for the film, duvvakunda, padunulenidi. However, the DKD also, unlike dreams, is a great movie and probably my favorite Kurosa movie. Why? Most likely, I think, it colors. I believe this is Kurosawa's first color film, and created a completely unrealistic contemporary Japan with a picture of the richest primary colors in the film. We use neon lights and glee Tokyo skyscrapers; We do not use the city that looks like the color of the crayons. <br /> <br /> DKD, as I mentioned, is a strange picture, many of its characters live in a junkyard and seem to live in an alternate universe. That is, I think, the point - this is Tokyo Outside, people who leave behind when they move forward after World War II. The film also represents one of Kurosawa's more heartfelt films; Here is a real sentiment and true pathos (when the boy's father describes their dream home). It's awesome, awesome moving from the famous person like Vintas and Samurais, like John Ford. Kurosawa portrayed him as a touch of a heart consciousness and thought it was provoking (Irkuti suggests emotional resonance in many ways). <br /> <br /> I also argue that Kurosawa's great accomplishment is ultimately the same. His samurai movies, however, are effective films, compared to the works of Kobayashi (Hara-Kiri, the greatest and most intelligent Samurai film adapted to celluloid). Rashmann, Hidden Fortress, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kigvashchasha, and Ram are all good pictures, but they are just good (and, frankly, the hidden fortress, I think it is very generous for Kanghoo). DKD is a great movie as IKKU. The crown jewelry they show aggression is not a trick samurai pony. They revealed his artistic and cinematic skill.
