Akira Kurosawa made a mistake in Dodes'ka-Den, which he did with a partnership with "Four Nights" (the remaining three Cobbus, Ichiwawa, and Kochnya). They wanted a huge blockbuster hit to eliminate their partnership, and instead Kurosawa, the group's cheesecake, provided an abstract, humorous art film with characters in a slim slum that faced a very dark tragedy in its roles. It is one of the few other economic and creative traumas that contributed to his suicide attempts in 1971, if he went to another studio or knew another independent studio. And yet, by day, an artist Kurosa did not stop his dramas from doing what he was infamous: the strengths of the human soul in the face of difficulties. <br /> <br /> The material contained in the dadda-den is not absorbed, but it is not in those ways. The director usually finds a person and is mostly driven by the plot instead of the plot. These are things that happen to people, and here is the challenge of Kurosawa to interweave them into a cohesive amount of them. Rokkachan, who is on a day-by-day train sounds, starts in the film with a damaged man-infant (fortunately no room for him to grow). Title), just sometimes stop praying for his mother. But we are off the department: the father and the son scounges restaurants for food and the site-specific descriptions of his dream house and the former who goes on; An old man has the shape of his death, and we learn that he is losing a lot more than he has said to most people. She is a shy, silent woman who works as a slave to her adoptive father (or uncle, I'm not sure); she was raped; <br /> <br /> "Like the clock around the clock, the clockwork, putting big demands in their lives, sometimes (unexpectedly) changing them. ! And the silly silent woman has a sweet but strange connection bike with a talk shop and in fact there is a group of women whispering the water around the hole in the midst of the slums, This is not a good idea to tell anyone about it, but with all of this, how to set the first Kurosa film, this is not a period of apocalyptic, no specific time or space (up to a couple of strokes we see modern cars and streets), but this is a low-level society, but these people's concerns There are tragic scope for the rebuilding of dramatic energy. Like Bergman, Kurosa £, when a man with him, silent, eyes duhkhitudaina person, silence nilabettukunnapudu eat the body, especially in a scenario, the public is split disturbed emotions. <br /> <br> Sometimes the charm, and even a few laughs, to have these people. I also enjoyed, perhaps ridiculously, with a few moments with Rokkuchan (especially as a painter on Kurosawa's guest street), or the embarrassing silence with the face. While Kurosawa allows some of his actors to improve the room, they are still in camera movements-faces but with alert, wide accents and claustrophobic shots, painting scenes and sometimes a stylistic melodrama of a face. This sometimes occurs between bizarre and touching stories, most notably some of them (ie father and son in car), Kurosawa lighting his paintings and creating a color scheme, one of his films in Eastman Calor, as his first film. Without restraint on warm, expanding, seams, but always with some control, this place is not "easy"; The scenes have full thrillings, where things appear to be powerful but very small. <br /> <br /> Dodes'ka-den is a small work from the viewer, with some indelible scenes from Torre Takamitsu (also responsible for the run), and performances from some amazing actors, and overall stunning career, On the way, it is perfect on its own words, with many Kurosawa dramas such as Irkuti and red beard are very difficult to human Has the teams.
