Two years later, Laurence Oliver and Merle Oberon played together. One of the greatest love story films of all time, and Olivier's film as a great actor (and Oberon gave his best acting role): rare hootes. Another year, this was a year ago in England. The goddess of Lady X is a romantic comedy (Heavenheads is a romantic tragedy). Oliver is a lawyer, Everdor Logan, a dynamic lawyer, but the rest is the whole. One night he enters a hotel in front of a public audience. This is a very smoky night (a popular pee soup fog type in the 1950s until a brutal "killer" fog) and audiences (attending a party in the hotel). One or two social ladies in the management seeks Lagan to bed on bed and bed on a bed, but he refuses. But he was not counted as Leslie Steel with Merle Oberon. The grandson of the High Court judge, she enters Logan's rooms, accepts her sleep but leads her to her bed (he goes to bed - most of his discomfort). <br /> <br /> The next day they share breakfast, and Longen finds Leslie very attractive despite his disloyalty of women in the small tall. But she refuses to tell her the name Kitten. She is determined to learn more about her, and she finds her attitude towards the vicious women. At this time, Logan is a wealthy great man (Lord Merega Ralph Richardson) as a potential client. His wife, Lady Mere (Binny Burns), is suspected of having a relationship. In fact, he was with his lover with Logan's laddish, and Logan knew he was in the fog night. Logan (naturally) goes to the conclusion that Lady Mere is in her secret room at night. <br /> <br /> Leslie finally finds out what went wrong, and decides to use it to teach women a lesson. It's a vodhouse novel, but less. Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes, and Morton Solden (grandfather of Oberne) are still great. It also shows what can be done with a good cast material that is even mild. Selden's first scene complained about his complainant about his weak coffee, saying he would not turn off properly (they have used others for personalities over the years). Or Olivier has been dealing with a young client in his office, two minutes before two Lady Marius's office (there, but O'Brien and Barnes left), and the poor clerk end up feeling a linear. Or a waiter in a hotel in Olivier living room where the tenant does not understand why the man from the man can change. As I said, a slightly more lovely comedy - but it's so lovely.
