Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga Tetsored Three-Nine). Made in 1979. Rintaro directed. <br /> <br /> I do not know much about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999, which was published as a popular manga in the 1970s and created by Lee Matseo. Matsumoto's other popular space manga: Starbucks Starbus-type GE999 as Captain Harrock. In fact, the space pirate harek and other manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Toyachiro Oama) appeared in GE999. The GE999 was successful as a manga, and was soon followed by the popular animated series, including 100 episodes. It was aired in 1978. A year later, this anime film was not a continuation of the series, but the two mainstream stories were the essence of the story's key elements. <br /> <br /> The story has been set in the future Star Wars-type that has become an opportunity to travel to different planets. Future people have mechanical objects that can live hundreds of years, probably never. The protagonist, Tetsuro Hoshino, a brutal Count Macha, kills Tetsuro's mother, whose whole body is made of mechanical components. Tesuso retaliated and convinced him that the mechanical body could only be achieved. To obtain this he will need to travel the distance to the space train galaxy Express 999. However, Tetsuro came from poverty, he did not have the money to get an expensive ticket. Through a random coincidence, he meets Metel, a beautiful young woman who resembles his dead mother. Mateel offers a ticket for Tetsoro, who goes with her on her journey. <br /> <br /> I first saw this film from October to six months from October. I think the first thing to say about the pain that is worrying me is this: It has taken a lot of effort. What can you expect from a 2-hour long film that once again tries to tell you the main elements of the series of eight episodes? However, conditions vary at rapid pace, and most important characters in the Tetsuro story join with a pure chance. I feel it should leave something out of the makers or have an extra 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> The GE999 does not have any argument that an anime class is worthy of its place. The animation is also very confident in Matsumoto's manga style, descriptive and beautiful to watch. Almost 30 years after the release, the animation "is not outdated" but puts several anime images after illness. Music is today "old" today (which is 70 years later) is happy to hear. I did not hear any English cannabe of this film, so I can say Japanese audio is good. Voice actors live their roles, and most memorable individuals are popularly known as Masaco Nozawa (mainly known as the Dragon Ball Saga as Goku), emotionally and young tetsuro and Masako ekada as calm and mystical mettle. Supported characters do not leave in the shadows, but even their own life, being the waitress Claire me most memorable. <br /> <br /> The story is also fitting for those two stories who are looking for entertainment and those who are trying to find deep messages. GE999 is an entertaining adventure film but can be seen from a young age to travel to Tetsuro. The whole picture is from his perspective, so we feel what we think. I think many people will be associated with Tetsuro, despite the fantasy elements, he is a very real character: young, hot, embarrassing and innocent. He looks at the differences between humans and machines and we follow him when he comes to the conclusion that he is in the mechanical body or not. On the other hand, Mattel is a mystery in the film and in the end, she does not answer who she and she really reveal. Mettel can be seen in the dream of a growing young man, always close but not just away. <br /> There is a strange yet lovely relationship between Tetsuro and Metel, which still surprises and questions, and fascinates after decades. If there are relationships between two friends, mother and son, or two friends (Metall's age is unknown and Tetsuro still does not reach his puberty). Without deep sound, I say the best word to describe them is "soul mates". There is no question that both will enjoy devotion, love and love for everyone, but it is beyond friendship, family and lover. If I had stuffed something in those circles with their relationship, it would take something from the whole movie and characters. <br /> <br /> In all, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 holds its place, even though it lacks the plot and some brown scenes. An anime classics of films like Katsuhiro Otomo's AKIRA (1988) and Mamoru Oishi's GHOST IN THE SHEL (1995). The film was directed by Rintaro, who had previous experience of the works by Legée Matsumo, who worked in the Capitan Harrock series. Rinatro later directed an excellent looking METROPOLIS (2001) also questions the difference between humans and machines. <br /> <br /> Galactic express 999 (1979) is a classic, it should be seen only once by every anime fan.
