The film's Richard Widmark has a chance to showcase his best, thin acting skip McCoy, a small secret prankster in the pocket of the cute Candy's (Jean Peters) pocket in a spice mini-bus making film from Sam Fuller. <br /> <br /> There is a mystery here for Candy's intentions, and Skip spends most of the film in her determination. The motives ?? In fact he first thinks she is "kami", which puts beer in her face in the face of the innocent. But the real question ?? What's up with skipping What are his intentions, why do you like him? Why do we (the audience) like him most? Wimmer's character and the filmmakers in his performance created the most amazing "male females" here. The female producers have created here as filmmakers have created here, just like the female audience is loyal or just like the "Big Sleep" or "Glass Key", along with the main characters being a pretty face. Widmark is beautiful, and has a charm in his childhood insouciance ?? But the first two times he meets our main lady, he robs her and punches her face. Will the end of the question? A buck will sink much less to sell his country ("his comments on the police," he makes us suspect) or just his friend Mo (Telma Ritter) for a martyr's sake just as you are waving a flag? <br /> <br /> I would like to have a special mention in the role of Thelma Ritter. She has created a really indelible character here. Fuller was not afraid to give her "business" plenty? In the form of physical objects, she uses her audience in her world, especially her relationships. <br /> <br /> Another example of Fuller's "Business" is the scene with Victorian Perry (with actor I played by using chopsticks to frighten Candy). <br /> Skippe is one of the most famous "honor" themes of "respect for thieves" that focuses on Mo's relationship. In fact, Skip has a similar convenience and has a close relationship with the same kind of police, with the exception of the exception of Captain Tiger (Murwin Y) who has revenge on him. I loved the scene where I invited Cops with his name and gave them beer when they came to pick him up at his shock. The type of detail that makes this movie feel true? Whether it's really real or not, it's totally related to different questions. <br /> <br /> I would say that you are an emergency criminal film that displays the best and most durable features of all. "Film Nair" school in film making. The hypothetical storyline is off-set by colorful characters (uniformly well displayed), cheaper sets of the movie are disguised by the hardest pace of the film, the final product is much more important than it is. This is the best film I've seen so far by Sam Fuller and helps me better understand why he is the Master Director. Here are some of the things that I think he has tried but in other films, such as "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor", have not been able to do much with strongly acting styles and really gripping suspense. One of my favorite shows from Widmark I've seen so far ?? And if VidMark was tempted to say (based on some unusual movies that I had seen with him), Alan Lodge or Humphrey Bogart was comparable, although he did not make many classic films.
