Samuel Fuller is not one of America's greatest directors. I do not know he's qualified as one of Hollywood's greatest artists. But he is definitely the best place for Hollywood's true experts who are willing to march their own music. He worked at Hollywood studios at that time, and how he got a job, shaped the material that he gave him and made it faster and more efficient than its counterparts ... on time and on budget. Pickup in South Street is a case. On the surface it is one of the early fifty of Hollywood, appealing against anti-community films, patriotism, a loud hero and a slimy (and angry sweat) bad guy. Fuller turns this bag of Hollywood Clothes into a rare, exciting drama. Hero, Skip McCoy, a loser three times, a short instrument with soft fingers, does not change his strips until the end. Candy, Candy, in Capper, is light on the move if you are too inclined. Mo Williams is one of the most attractive characters. And in an extraordinary approach to Hollywood's war against Commies, patriotic appeal comes on deaf ears; The leader does not have much interest. He just wants to restore for a personal reason, and the winds become ... at least for now ... a good guy. <br /> <br /> Plus, all actors are allocated to Fuller by studio. He had to do. Now Richard Widmark has established his presence as actor and actor, but Jean Peters is surprised. She is a woman sexy and dumb, and gives her a better image than her boyfriends ... or her clients ... she wants to be. And Richard Kiley, who later became a Tony Award-winning star on Broadway, is slippery and coward. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to remember that the actor who plays our bed is "Impossible Dream" from Man of La Mancha, <br /> <br /> Pick up a purse on a subway car, Instead of pursuing cash, he finds himself with microfilm secrets, moving straight forward with a great economy. The whole company with classic noir look takes 80 minutes to say. The fuller screenwriter is the dialogue, the party's wheat, partially tight-boiled pulp fiction style. "That muffin holds you ... she's okay," a character says about skipping the candy. Fuller moves us fast when we run next to the scene from the scene, then let us hang on what's next. Then Fuller throws in the role of Mo Williams. Suddenly this story is all about the new level, comedy relief and partial sadness. <br /> <br /> The best thing about the film is how to illustrate Feller's talent and strength. Within 2 minutes and 15 seconds, credits start right next to the fuller, which will instantly shut down the power, establish any kind of story and show us what kind of characters we have - skip and candy - you are participating. And he's going to be a hot, packed subway car with the most enthusiastic curiosity, and we feel that Phuuller will set the hook to catch us. <br /> Glenn Erikson said, "My critically acclaimed critics," a number of stories, Sam Fuller illustrated the peculiar perspective of Americanism from the bottom: recognizes that the hard-necked, aggressive self-interest is wrong and what is right It is not afraid to fight for it, always working from the hard work of the people who struggle hard in their country It is possible to get rid of rheumatism. "He's right, and it's still obvious for a movie 55 years later.
