Kim Beasinger, Della, an abusive jerk played by Craig Shepher for two children (starring Terry and Tommy-Luke Gair and Erica-Shayy Guy) and a husband (Kenneth). <br /> <br /> This film opens on Christmas Eve. Kenneth is in his home and I'm driving a good car that I can add. He has his cell phone arguing with a business partner that I think. When he gets home, he sees that the floor shoes and toys are a mess spread all over. This makes him even more distant and asks why he will go home with his wife, Della. He calls her against the wall. Couple's watch from the stairs. He punches the wall, leave it a hole and walk away. She can comfort her children and try to comfort them. After telling her that she is after all, she should go to the mall to shop for the last minute and not because she wrapped her paper. Parking is full because she is out there and there are a lot of unemployed shops out there. When she looks for a parking space, she sees a car that takes two spaces and this saves her. Eventually, she has a place for the park, which leads her to the Higgishish car and leaves the owner a note under the viper called "selfish jerk". <br /> When she finally left the mall, it was shut down and many had already gone. But the car owner gave up her note and she noticed this on the way to her vehicle. She watched her wipper and noticed that her note was no longer. Odd. When she arrives to her vehicle, she tries to launch it. She watches a car coming back and she can prevent it from backing up. The owner of the car (played by Chaki-Lukas Haas) came out of her car to meet her, leaving her note and leaving her thugs friend. To see what the problem is, mall cop (not Paul Blart), makes their way only to take his brains out of his head. When this happens, Della jumps in her vehicle, it starts and runs on the middle of her. Give Chosey and his Posse Hop and Chase in his car. Della crashes her vehicle into a log house, but she is safe. To make it back to the back of the vehicle, open the hatchback and catch a toolbox before bringing the thugs there. <br /> <br /> "The first kill, in my opinion, is the best. First killing is probably the weakest and it should be taken into consideration that she is the main evil kidnapped. <br /> <br /> "It's a pleasant flick, It moves at a time of 1 minute and 20 minutes run.
