Before the crash, this interesting picture is called Grand Canyon. The film was released 14 years earlier than the former film, a film about two people from a variety of backgrounds that Grand Canyon has come together in a lifetime. <br /> <br /> In Los Angeles Mac (Kevin Kline) is a high-profile lawyer who takes a short cut by the side of the seed. In the town only his car is broken in the worst time. He called for a pulling truck and had to wait for a while, threatening him with a group of dangerous people who wanted his car. Soon the tot truck truck driver arrives at the perfect moment, and commits Simon (Danny Glover) to keep the truck away. Two men were threatened, but Simon made himself out of himself, Mac, and Deer Straits. As a friendship between the two men had previously developed, Simon helped make Mac Simon out of a dangerous situation. Simone's sister Deborah (Tina Lifford) lives in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children, and you'll see her nasty people fearing her son who is wandering the streets at night. Mack also provides a good place to live with his senior friend Jane (Alfred Woudard). <br /> <br /> It is the film's main storyline, but the other smaller plot goes to the camp after a long time with their son Roberto (his first film, Jeremy Sisto), and Mac's wife (Mary McDonald) finds the man. Soon moving with his own life. The details of the plot are combined into a complicated film, which attracts a police helicopter as a metaphor for life and a variety of scenes from all sorts of scenes. This simple plot works very well and helps with the flow of story. <br /> <br /> Lorentz Cassadon, the biggest movie starring The Big Chill, created an amazing film here. The cast is good, and many ideas are well thought out, but oh it's great, because some points, the image is much stronger and the glass is done. One of the stories involved in the secretary, and another is another involving Simon's nephew. These scenes should keep the entire story separate, then the lifestyles of life between the high and lower classes of Larrence Casson reach just to the highest level, not just the best. Still the Grand Canyon exceeds expectations, yes you will see the Canyon's view of the film. Steve Martin has a small role as Davis, producer of violent films, giving his own view of life, and there is a small part to play the film's ideas.
