I can not tell how close this book is until reading the novel, but it does not read the book, but in a few or six and a half hours, these watches are very much on the foundation or at least we can say <br /> <br /> Production values ​​are better than other BBC classic arrays, such as Inspector Morse and Sherlock Holmes There are more. We believe that Dickens looked aloud and looked at London and made a lot of thought. There are occasional minor defects - some players have shot a gun with a percussion cap in 1840 or 1820, or if this happens. <br /> Acting is also appreciated. Suzanne Burden works quietly and honestly as a heroine. She is very beautiful, in a mature way, what her beauty is her compassionate nature in her flirtatiousness. DenHom Eliot is her guardian (and more than that, it turns out). Both the burden and the lowest of the Eliot are not good. Another is a former sergeant who is forced to do evil by evil people. Another poor and helpless young boy. </ P> <br /> I do not think others have written it. Poverty, tragedy deaths, capitalism in the knot, rich in his chair, hidden parents, shadows, and ethical morality, impotence of the judicial system or completely harmful. Well, justice is not the whole system but the chancery, a court that clearly decided on matters relating to distribution of property. (I was extracted from Wikipedia.) It was very hard and stable since it was fully restored in England in 1973. Elliott's character is described as a "curse" twice. The most impressive scenery contains a money-ransom credit that housing a retired soldier in the next gym during a fencing lesson. From Dickens I was more masculine in the sense of surrender than the other unknown male character. Downtrock makes a gentle exercise with the lender and the tenant screaming threats from his seat and surrender turns to his side and cuts off after another, every progress will bring him closer to his torment, but Scarlett-eyed old lender will reduce his seat back. Some things are missing. Often the Dickens dialogue will stick in at least one or two amusing lines. ("Humbug!" Or "The Us as Us Ass") is not here. "Bleak" is the title of the house right. Secondly, the "ideal varieties" of the webbrian are not practical - Mr. Myabers or Artful Dodgers or Scouts. Third, the atmosphere, the whole culture, is generously baffling. <br /> My god, it's frustrating. It is if the writer is venting his spleen to everything hated in the world he knows. Poverty, okay. He tells poverty. <br /> <br /> In the 2005 series, I saw the first episode - it's fine in two ways. The direction is more zip, so the pace is a little faster. And Jarndyce's versatility right up to Jarndyce's business is right before the plot, so instead of the mysterious "curse," like lurking about shadows is easy to follow.
