One-third of approximately 2,000 IMDb users who have voted on this image are a customer's report with 8, 9 or 10 and six video tape (this record or just a wrong VCR?). Although the film is primarily meant for a period of time, it is clearly a very unusual attraction. But for some reason I was pretty mad and did not enjoy the desire to see it until recently. My mind was changed by Elizabeth van Arnim's original book. My wife did not like to read but she did not allow her to read more, so she took her to speak in her book. These books, which are busy with other books, are generally annoying, but I do not recommend how to cipip it in this order, and I have come to congratulate them as they are very well written. My wife realized that she enjoyed watching the film and decided to buy her video tape. I am very happy now, and I would recommend its purchase to anyone who appreciates the silence with the fireworks, but the well-designed character development and Mussolini are very successful with the prehistoric Italian climate. The story begins immediately with WW1 and begins with two married London women to fill their savings away from their families in the rental villa in Italy and enjoy a holiday. The situation is forced to combine with two different characters and backgrounds. Its theme is especially high among these four most unparalleled maturity women, but also occasionally interact with their visit to female visitor, occasionally interact. If you want to take action, thrillers, dramatic sex scenes, natural or man-made disasters or Harlequin style love stories are not for you. But IMDb users have been collaboratively and strongly proven, none of which is required in the movie to prove high references to see, and if you try to do it in your most beloved films <br /> <br /> I rarely want to see a movie movie. In many cases it takes some of the happiness away from watching this movie, but here is a strong visual appeal in the setting I found in my happiness enrichment in anticipation of seeing the book's next section, potentially unrolled before my eyes. (Perhaps Italy has a part in this case, when I'm looking at the stories from BocaCasecio's Decamerone on TV for the last time I have this experience). Generally, the dramatic level of the original work increases in order to ensure the version of the film's movies. There is a more extensive appeal, but if any, it will be reduced to keep the viewer's focus on the progressive role rather than any background shows. Although the changes in the book are relatively small, the film is basically the real story of the original story but it works well. Great credit director, Mike Newell, and all members of the cast, particularly British actresses who run four main women.
