The three royal girls of the Guillard family are orphans at the age of most of the royal families in the United States. Before he goes to France to fight in the WWI, their father tells the ancient Fiona, never to sell the land. By the time the sisters became adults, the lawyers should discontinue their money to protect their property. Through some loopholes of father's will, Charles Barclaye stood to take over Glader land, in which he wanted to build a complex structure called Barclay Circle. Barclay was originally based on John D. Rockefeller, who bought land and buildings from wealthy families in New York, where he could build a Rockefeller Center. <br /> <br /> The film deals with the dramatic concerns of the three sisters. Fiona has played the role of Barbara Stanwick, but it is not considered one of her best roles, which appears to be a cool, dominant woman, and that she has some skeletons in her room. Susanna, who played by Nancy Coleman, fell in love with the younger young artist Gig Young. Coleman's favorite show in this movie. Evelyn, who played Geraldine Fitzgerald, did not stop her from trying to steal Gig from her sister, rather than a Monocle, who was married to a high blood in England. Although these three sisters are very well developed, the main trend in The Guy Sisters is never enough. Charles Barkley is played by George Brent. He is not very good. If this story has a story, he is satisfied, but he always appears with a brush in the movie. When asked to show sympathy with him at the end of the film, it is impossible. Gig Young is played by Hugh, Gig Young. No, he does not play himself. Actor Warner Bros, who had previously acted under his original name, Byron Bar, was forced to make his name more attractive. I am not sure of the final selection, but eventually Gig Young changed his screen name, after which he played in The Guy Sisters. Wired, e? Young is very good with a lot of film, but the script will eventually do some unfortunate things with his character, eventually harming the audience's sympathy for him. In other supporting roles, Helen Tiemmig and Jean Lockhart are very good. <br /> <br /> Gay Sisters have great potential in one of the greatest cinematic family saga. Characters like their conditions are all interesting. Unfortunately, the script never strives to do more than just a dramatic play. If it complicates the complexities of all the main characters, for example, the contradiction between Ewin and Susanna has made it more complicated, the film might have been a bit more complicated. It could also fleshed out the prolog, let us know more about the Gaylord family. We need more attention about the characters and we need more sympathy with them. And the end requires some major fixing. It basically gives in the end. Fiona's problems are very good, it hurts. Her role was sympathetic to the film's progress. It is very happy. This story moves towards the tragedy, just a sense of historical importance or loss. And yet we hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and the gig has never been fixed. <br /> <br /> When Fiona's story ends, Susanna, Giggs and Evelyn are even worse. <br /> <br /> I still loved the movie. Although it is not like the other great films of the era, it is completely worth watching. 7/10, mostly for its ability. It must be reconstructed or at any time during the studio era, the novel should be reprinted. There's a lot of time to be remade right now. During the 1950s, it was time for films like Giant.
