Twelve years ago I saw Rob Roy. With a little money for fun, I rented for my fiancé and I see a bunny cooling winter night. The movie I wanted was lost, so I rented it, did not expect too much, and I was surprised at how well it was. I recently saw it again, and I liked every bit for the first time. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with this story, it is Scottish architect Robert Roy MacGregor, cattle and folk hero. As far as I know about man and his story, liberties were captured by facts, but this is not a movie, not a textbook, so filmmakers have been forgiven. Initially, the movie storyline, Rob Roy bought money from the Marwis of Monroes, hoping to buy and earn bigger profits from the purchase of cattle. But when the money was handed to him, his plan was to steal the cash and kill him in the forest. Our hero appears on the run after failing to solve the matter with Marquis, and his wife Marie, a prominent English writer with orphanage, raises a fierce rape to Archibald Cunningham. Most of the aggression is at the satisfactory end, as a Christmas turkey to Rob Gareds Archibald. <br /> <br /> There are many great performances in the film, but I allow some to be specially touched. Liam Neeson, as always, is amazing, a sexy beast that you can not take your eyes on. Honestly, this man is like ice cream: he is good even when he is bad. His Robbie Roy is an honorable man struggling to provide for those who depend on him, in what he knows best. Jessica Lange, as Mary, gives this woman a decent shift from the stupid, soft image wives audience. You know that you do not take any part of Rob, or someone in that case. Tim Roth is at the top with his character of the bad Archibald, but it still works. Reflects and closes with all the evil dialogue, one of the most memorable movie villains in recent memes. All of this, and with the sweetest scene of Scotland, is stellar work by other helper players, and you have no sums of really a really cool movie. If you do not see it, I would highly recommend you.
