Braveheart was bad for this fine movie that year. Although it is a very different kind of film, it is the front and center of the conflict between Scottish common people and the English elite. About 400 years have been held in Braveheart and Rob Roy set, but some things have never seemed to change. Scotland is still run by English authorities, and the Highlands never get a break when dealing with them. Rob Roy worked well, but Braveheart is not a great book. There are no big battles, and the controversy here is high among the people. And helpfully so all the Englishmen are not bad at this point. <br /> <br /> Rob Roy is only about honorable and really bad people. <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson takes the title role as Rob Roy MacGregor. His primary task was to protect and protect the livestock of the local superior of the record he called the MacGregor dynasty leader and the Mantros of Marquis (John Hurt). Things are pretty tough for the MacGregor clan, and there is a lack of food for everyone. Rob Roy made a plan to borrow 1000 pounds from Marquis and buy his own cattle. He then sells them for a higher price and utilizes the money to improve the general well-being of his community. Is not it enough sound? Problems arise when Marquis's two friends stole money. One of them was called Archibald Cunningham, which was probably portrayed as a bad movie. Tim Roth is a magnificent actress who is a great man sent to live with his mother Marquis. This man is very discouraged, sinuous, heartfelt and knife. He refused to own the baby's father and responsibility with a handmade. He raped Maggagor's wife and shot him out of his house. This guy really gets dejected when the movie roles come out. Cunningham steals money along with another crane of Marquis (Bryan Cox) and uses it to fix his own debt. Although it is clear to many people what has happened, Marquis still has McGregor for the lender. <br /> <br /> The fight between Marquis and Duke, Rob Roy and Cunningham, who is a friend of Marquis, and everything to solve. He set the final confrontation between him. This sword fight has been shot out by many and is best shot. Cunningham is considered by many to be his speed and kindness. And a lot of fighting will appear, which will win these qualities. When Rob Roy looks complete, he turns the tables in a shockingly strange manner. The first time you see what you're probably wondering at Cunningham! Rob Roy is beautifully portrayed, superbly starred, and perfectly fast. Score is very memorable. Casting options acted as Jessica Lange, which seemed to be coming out of her element, in fact becoming Mary McGregor, one of the strongest performances. The film is violent, but not too gore. It is a lusty image full of deviant behavior, though. The upper classes are mostly innocent and burial. The film does not have any obvious flaws and gets 10 in 10 stars. <br /> Hound.
