If you can make a slow improvement, the ride with the devil is something remarkable and unique. In the Civil War (as it was expelled from the old West in the 1870s), the film performs a brilliantly satisfying and unmanipulated atmosphere when dealing with the brutal guerrilla warfare in the American West, dealing with a dark and sunny thing. What I say is that the tendency of movies and lighting to experience the mood that you think you will feel. <br /> <br /> RWTD has a relatively upbeat soundtrack, and allows speech and actions to set a mental state instead of overturning the audience's feelings. <br /> <br /> The excitement of this particular area in the history of CW is greatly impressed with the accuracy of the film. Daglog is subtly written, (occasionally with subtle jokes) Bushwalkers and previous Borneier wars (eg Independence ... far from the Oregon Trail!). Jake's band is similar to the real events that occur in small events ... especially when they smoke at home and destroy the store / booth. War scenes, rarely, are pretty well implemented. <br /> Directing shows that talented everyone expects Ange Lee's subtle ways. Example: Black John's character blames the resident of Lawrence during the massacre: "Where is your army? Who should we fight?" Who are fighting (The shot is then nothing to stop carnage when the trilogy of the federal regulator continues) you are all cowardly! "Who are really cowardly? <br /> <br /> There are no small areas in history that can not be said of Glory's artwork, but it is mainly the following main events: There are a few minor problems in the years shown by the events that were represented, but you never see. Jake and his Confederate Bushhikers are partly-slave fighting in the African-A Some blacks have fought for Confederacy, including Laurence, who was attacked by Quentril before the attacks (who suspects him?) Even though the black rebels are a fictional character (regardless of PC African-Americans) , The same black union infantry does not appear in the picture, it is the animal The CW's first black regiments include one in Kansas (before murderer Senator Jim Lane, and the 54th Mass Rigim of Fame), and black forces like Boxer Springs, KS No historical errors. Good, realistic action is rare and unthankful. Good direction. This film is not the other recent Civil War Blockbuster, but it's the cleanest work of any one.
