<br /> <br /> In anticipation of Ang Lee Lee's new film "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon", I saw it in the blockbuster and try it once. A civil war movie is not a typical movie I see. Fortunately, I feel good about this director. This film was written awesome. The dialogue is in the old Southern style, and does not have space and time expiration. Excellent acting has helped the aspect of this film. Toby Maguire is awesome. I thought good in a pleasant villa (but nothing special), but he was shining here. I always thought about the Skit Ulrich as a good actor (but nothing is unique), but here he is wonderful. I have a big shaker jewel. She is amazingly good. Jeffrey Wright, I've never heard of it before, is also amazing. It seems to me to go hand in hand with great performance and great writing and direction. A film with bad writing is a bad actress and visa. The film has a perfect combination. Actors look great and character development is amazing. The film hopes for some good and bad stuff for others. It really lets get to know characters, which are all dynamic and interesting. The plot is complicated and keeps your seat on the edge, guessing, and ready for anything anytime. Literally dozens of people thought I was going to kill someone else "quietly" (intelligent direction) on the silent parts of the film. It is also a beautifully painted movie. The visual breathing (which is for Goodness's Sise in Missouri and Kansas) but has a great sense of attracting great attention. That is a tough and tough feeling, but it keeps an elegance, which is very pleasant on the eyes. The image is deep. It tells a story and you think you have to do it. It has layers under the outer civil war story. In particular, they are focused on two fights, and are not sure what they are fighting. There are too many deep problems to pick up in this film, to pick up a lot. It's a beautifully written short story, which is filled with markers and artistic excess leaves, and the leaves you are thinking of after that story. If you want to play great acting, writing, many actions and best direction, watch this movie! Take it a chance.
