Gozo's first, slowly, often interesting, has been a little inspiring for recent action in Asia, but it's pretty exciting, but beautiful, beautiful, well-documented and beautiful. I have regretted that there is almost nothing Buddhist philosophy or Japanese history and legend around the film, so its depth meanings are losing, but it's still a great fee, traditional fantasy structure and effective high-plane. The story is a monster who seeks enlightenment by killing Benne, a warrior monk and possibly Gozzo Bridge's demons: Prince Shanoy himself needs his own plane after his own plane, but at this time the power of demons. Thus, in the context of illusions and Benecke, ignorance, the real objective of self-knowledge controversy, wants his face to be confident with his true nature and the character of Prince Shanoy. Benkiy makes his dark nature contrary to the world, in fact he is never easy in public controversy. Director Sago Ishihi maintains this theme as an epic, with a measured pace, camera work is always stylish and often sane, with the bright light and smoke climate, the greater the part of the film is a fantasy breeze, without neglecting the need to do more silence to drown the city, but outwardly beyond the supernatural movements It's too long A drop down and a dirty fantasy fancy than the flights. The cinematography of Makoto Watanbe is important here, clear and detailed, which deals with great enthusiasm. The Daikuyu Rey is honorable and Benny is a mysterious brutal force, and Tadanob Asno is the prince who has driven Prince Shanoy. Masadosi is a simple man of Nagas, which leads to smart and stubborn, but not all of them. The film is all well suited, but it is sometimes a touch flob, slowly beginning, a few shots and some Epic Fight sequences are not necessarily needed. It is artistic rather than actual movements in combat, but it has artistic effect but disappoints the fans of the common actions, often wiggling with the fatal blows of the objects, the vulnerable blades and the fierce force of their rivals, it's exciting to see, but in the end I have done with a little more conservatism. While some unfortunate cgi bloodshed remains, it works somewhat in the case but is still distracting. Although I have seen this pretty great film, it's not just a curious and fascinating enthusiasm for ordinary action fans or another Azimi, such as a deep and more spiritual beast, especially its ending, with such simple wing fans such charges. But for me it may be that it really hit the spot and inclined more adventurous. Well recommended at any rate.
