Anyone who has not seen this movie yet, I have a friendly warning: "Casa del Orco" is not all giants, because you can not find them here. The film is not a third instrument for the "Demons" series and it is nothing but the fact that Lamberto Bauve directed. In fact, Michael's "The Church" is also called unofficial "Demons 3" and it is a fraudulent title in the same way that the figure goes away. This is clearly due to the success of "Demons" films; They tried to deceive the audience with misleading titles, but it is clear that this is a disconnected story. "La Casa del Orco" I think it is unjust to say that the look is not worth it. Honestly, despite the film's very atmosphere and some unexpectedly hilarious situations, I thought it was actually creepy overall. However, I feel that the story tries to imitate somehow Lucia Fulzi's "The Simil by the Cemetery". In fact, I'm only speculative, but I have my own testimony. For example, in two movies, Paolo Marco, two movies, two films, two films, Bobby has a pesky little son, the only woman in the house is the only beautiful thirty-something, to see if there's something really wrong in a new home, and in two movies, That's really going on in the dungeon. We're sorry but I can say two images are very simple and I can not say that it is an allegation. On the contrary, those who have enjoyed my opinion "House by the Cemetery" are probably going to enjoy this movie, as well as keeping in mind the course, which is less or less pretentious, less scary "our Casa del Orco" <br /> "La Casa del Orco "In, Charlie, her husband Tom and their son, Bobby, go on a holiday trip for an old leisure. The fort is located in the heart of the Italian villa called Tiffiri. After leaving the beauty of this place and after their arrival, the charele had a sense of prequel, it was impossible, and she thought she had never been to Tiffreat before. Unfortunately, the charele did not get to his deja wu and the worst part of her stories came with the image of the dead horror creature she later died. To begin with, a lot of the patient does not want to leave Tom, leaving behind the hearts that are blind and advised her to enjoy the vacation. However, the attitudes of the woman become more real, and they have to enjoy peace and quiet, suddenly changing life's nerves. The old nightmare of the childhood of the charele is true and during this time, she would not have escaped from facing the terrible ogre earlier. <br /> As expected, the plot may change somewhat simpler and consequently, one hour and a half is difficult to fill. This means "La Casa del Orco", with some silence along with the whole silence and the main character's role, turning around the castle for several minutes, restoring the images of her childhood and nothing else. It gets rather tedious from time to time, but overall, it's nothing serious. Like many Italian horror films at the end of the eighties, the film is pretty beautiful and efficient, but it is unintentionally offers a good variety of funny moments, so the film is unforgettable. For example, the worst part of the charele was her husband's dismissal and instead of going to her bedroom as I imagined, she battled against her and put him on the face really, a maniac. The funny thing is that after two minutes, they are a happy couple, such as punching each other, the most natural thing in the world. I know it's crazy, but I found it absolutely hilarious. Ogre (which is exactly the story of the story) is very creepy and funny at the same time and face it: a villain who has been liberating us and a little laugh to us, has been welcomed twice. It reminds me of Michael Jackson in "Thriller", but it is very natural and human. If I look at the purest good things mentioned earlier: Simone Boswell is one of the highest ranked musicians and it is absolutely fine, although it's perfectly fine and it helps create a dark atmosphere rather than moments of tension. If I were to give my final statement about this film, I could not help but I was disappointed by this one that many people who enjoyed these distinctive Italian horror films from the small bugs and eighties won. It is all simple and always well-received clichés like the foxy local lady who is told in the grave dark dungeon with the crazy old man, a witch, a creepy castle, a terrible secret and huge folks who speak the truth, try to prevent infamous lands, stay. I will tell you the story of "La Casa del Orco" as a way to pay a gratitude to the heroine, two feelings and a role with your spouse's face. Take this movie for it and enjoy it.
