"Anchors Aweigh" is the product of Classic MGM Music Production Unit, and is enjoying each of the whole movie ?? Good music by Zuie Stein and others is an excellent dance, and funny, well-written script by Jean Kelly (and even a frivolous job by Frank Sinatra). <br /> <br /> The only major critic I criticize is Catherine Grayson's casting, which means that in an image it always aims to an endless duplicate-operatic warling from the crowd's inspiration. <br /> <br /> The Kelly Navel servant Joseph Brady is a lover of mystery around a ship, but his Valentino-mantras are continually suppressed by the presence of Clarence (Sinatra) by his little friend of the incomparable Middle American name. After Clarence receives a three-day coastal vacation to save life, Clarence helps identify the girl with suspicion of a lender to save her life. They are designed by a police (raggs ragland) to help a young boy boy (Dean Stockwell) who wants to go back to the "Aunt Susan" (Grayson) home. Originally Clarence, who had an interest in meeting "Aunt Susan", but eventually Kelly's role emerged as a candidate. <br /> <br /> There are many rigid musical sights, such as "Sinigin in the Rain" and "American in Paris". In a fantasy sequence dancing with Jerry, we will be closer to Kelly's role as the mouse from "Tom and Jerry" (though he seems to be close to a dog or cat here than a mouse). It's a skewed period of its time but does not really have enough complexity or emotion for the time test stand. I really enjoyed the parts of the scenes before the animation, when using semi-ballistic movements to emphasize the transformation of the Kelly fantasy world, where I saw some tunnel dance down "Alice <br /> Finally the characters are Susan's favorite bar, some of the most elegant in Tijuana Mexican restaurant / bar The cadres are happy to let Mrs. Grayson leave his arias and manager Clarence and Joe have his "friend" Jose Irubi (singing himself with a light humor touch), in fact they can not meet their "friend" Irubini and spend much of what they are trying to reach him ( Sinatra is old in an amusing scene But for a piano tuner meets the irurbini tappudaripetti him, tuning out of piyanosnu, professional career), sneaking into the studio, and the Hollywood Bowl, Iturbe with dozens of young piano players practice surreal symphony here ?? You did not see anything like this outside the doctor's 1000 fingers. Eterby himself is a god of the story? He suggests the slogan of work that he does not work and the possibility of salvation from the opportunity for fame and artistic practice for the heroine. 100% perfect for everyone. As soon as she heard Mrs. Grissson, her operatic career becomes a reality. 3 basic letters were disappointed to reach him and they regard him as random and distant mythologist? The charm and humor of the film comes from a lot of Maestro's contradictory understanding of the "real" habits of most down-to-earth. Speaking about the writings of the film to the film, he gave a very stimulating music moment with the orchestra's description of "Donkey Serenade". <br /> When you say and complete everything, the musicians who are enjoying this film are going to miss. The majority of music is written for the film, contrary to recycled soundtracks for other Kelly Opus, such as "Rain" and "American". Kelly still stills at his early peak, courageous and grieving both in his dances and role. The voice of Sinatra is never in good shape and he rarely has good songs to sing. Stockwell is a lovely addition to the clan, and Graceson's character is mesmerizing when she's on stage. Itirby adds the ocean but the sophisticated tone that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of the classic era MGM musical. This is one of the good ones.
