Honors AWEIGH Two interest young sailors, Joe Brady (Jean Kelly) and Clarence Dulittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), can get a special four-day beach holiday. The girls are particularly interested in earning the Joe Lola, Joe or Brooklyn figure with the disruption of the small Navy-mad Donald (Dean Stockwell) and his aunt Susie (Catherine Grayson). Brooklyn quickly adds to the joe to help Aunt Susie win in the women's way. Along the way, however, Joe finds falling for the galaxy that he thinks belongs to his best friend. How does Brooklyn betray this? <br /> <br /> I saw the first and second times Ansar's Eve, I also saw at the same time that it was collaboration with the Council / Sinatra in 1949. Two times I thought that the AWEIGH good plot in terms of plot and structure - the moment in all the dances and songs plot Fit, and they do not develop characters and story rather than hamper them. Nevertheless, I thought twice in the whole town. Now after watching the two films for the third time, I stand still with that verdict. Something like a movie and a piece of entertainment, is just lighter, songwriter, full and * happier *. The numbers are more outrageous and the plot are less comprehensive, and yet somehow it works better than all the dances and singing in anchors AWEIGH. It's not quite sure why. The typical argument is that the next picture is over-tall: in about two and a half hours, this is definitely a valid criticism. The first two times I saw the length I felt sure! However, you're also a picture that's growing up on you - it's just what you're looking for, it's small and you'll appreciate the technologist involved in its preparation. And yet, something just does not hang together right. Scripts, and * every moment when Kelly dancing or Sinatra enters the song, it's almost exactly what happened. A musical number in the shoehorn was given a chance ... and it was probably the film's biggest weakness. It has 16 numbers (give or take some) and you're a big fan of Kelly or Sinatra, which starts shortly afterward. (In contrast, for example, ten numbers in town). If you feel that every song, every dance, can not be taken out of the film without leaving it without it ... and it's true. <br /> All of these long-term introductions do not mean that nothing is better about Akkare Avivis. Cinatra 'The Sarset', 'The Charm of You', and the best of all, 'I Fall In Love ToSliyli' ('We Hate To Leave', 'I Brought Her' and 'If You Savi Susie') '), And no doubt, is always Kelly's breathtaking dance. It's also hard to miss the cast of this caliber. Grayson improves sweetness and every look (her voice becomes rather frightening); Jose wrote the character of Irubbe sympathetic and he made a great job; Clarence's own Brooklyn, Pamela Britton, is beautiful and fascinating ... as a garrett is as close to getting Betty Garrett without her! Sinatra was adored with the blue eyes and his curls, the innocent boy-man was a great man (he was a recurring role in the town). His singing, as always, is ridiculous from time and vocabulary. His solo numbers seem quite a bit dragged, but when you got a century voice, it's a good reason for what the display will probably slow down for the rest! <br /> <br /> Jean is the perfect genius of Kelly in this film to be eligible for its own paragraph. Sinatra and Grayson Rear Billing Third, ANCHORS AWEIGH REALLY KELLI's image. His Joe Brady is a believable and realistic character - he's ready to lie down when he needs to win the globe and a galaxy, but he is actually the biggest soft inside. Kelly makes this lovely rather cloying, but Joe chases Brooklyn around the room with a genuine murders look on his face and his breakfast tray in his hand and gives you a real edge to look in the scene. And * Dancing * - Again, the film 'with the singing of Sinatra' is a good thing too spoiled 'syndrome is spoiled. But again, if it was done by Jean Kelly Softwao, or if wearing a cloak of a sailor or dressed as a bandit chief ... it could be wrong on the overflowing side! Kelly's dances are breathtaking, 'I Haded Her' with Cinatra, his 'Mexican Hot Dance' sweet wed-cut little girl or his luxurious Spanish-influenced dance 'La Kumpareta'. In fact, while Kelly has a classic film in the minds of the audience, Kelly dances with Jerry Mouse of 'Tom & Jerry' fame, in his red, white and blue sailor's suit. The well-deserved gold image memory, strictly speaking, is that you do not often see the impression of special effects in the 1945 film, which gives the CGI's satisfaction in the contemporary film market. But Jean and Jerry are still great, Kelly always strikes his spots and he sees exactly what he looks. This is indeed Kelly himself (in COVER GIRL) and a cartoon animation about people who can stay with Jane Kelly. <br /> <br /> This first brave jerk with Jerry is a testimony to the avatars of the invented Kelly dancing film for the movie Aktures Aveyi and the classic movie fans. But it is also notable as the first of three Kelly / Sinatra cinematic cooperatives, even though it has spent a lot of time, for a few hours of fun. See it again and again - it will increase on you before you realize it! 7.5 / 10
