At the end of the eighties and early nineteenth century phenomenon, the number of Oscars went to actors who played physically or mentally disabled characters. In 1986, the first Marley Matlin Award for "Ballet of a Lesser God" and another "Best Actress" award for the next ten years (1994 for Holy Hunter for "Piano") and five "Best Actor" "Rain Man" in 1988 by Dean de Lewis , "My Left Foot", for Al Pacino in 1992 for Tom Hanks, "Forest Gump" and "Shine" for Jeffrey Rush for "Scent of a Woman"). Matlin, deaf, deaf, but all others are deaf. <br /> <br /> This phenomenon has aroused some negative comment at the time, indicating that these awards were awarded to this political award over the quality of acting. When Jodie Foster failed to win "Best Actress" for "Nell" in 1994, some people saw evidence that they were looking forward to this kind of shoot. But in my opinion, most of these awards are well-deserved. I thought I had gone to Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey rather than 1992 award Pacino, but there was only one Hancx I disagree, and I liked Nigel Hawthorn's performance because it was "The Madness of King George". In the film, Hawthorne has played a psychologically disturbed character. <br /> <br /> "My left foot" is based on the autobiography of the Irish writer and painter Christie Brown. Brown was one of the thirteen children of the Dublin family in the working class in 1931. He was born with a miscarriage paralyzed and was considered mentally disabled. He did not make a deliberate movement or speech for a long time, but eventually found that he could control the movements of one part of his body and his left foot (hence the title). He grabbed the chalk piece between his toes and wrote and drawn, painted and published the novelist and poet. <br /> <br /> Life is hard in Dublin in the working class in thirty and in the Forties, and the city is Jim Sheridan (himself Dublin) is the "green island" from our general idea that the terrible, gray, enthusiastic place is very different from what we have here. (Sheridan and Day-Lewis later worked on the Irish theme with another film "In the Name of the Father"). Against this, its people should be happy and spirit, especially the brown family. Because of his support from his parents, many of Christie's demands were instigated by him, and he always believed from the hidden intellectuals and siblings outside the disadvantaged. In a specially designed cart, his brothers helped their brick father to use him to surround him and they built Christi's own room in their brick door. <br /> <br /> The film made easy feelings, ending the heartbreaks of "victory over difficulties". It's not due to many factors, primarily stunning acting. In his career, Day Lewis has performed many spectacular performances, but it was recently his "Away Blood Will Blood", his best. He is less than 100% Christie; His persecuted, jerky movements and tired attempts at speech are convincing us that we are really looking at disabled people, though, intellectually, we know it's good that we can do Day Lewis. Kristi's mother from the young O'Connor and Brenda Fucker (who won her the "Best Supporting Actress Award") was her performer, Dr. Eileen Koll from Fiona Shah. <br /> <br /> The other reasons for escaping the astrology are not trying to make its main character anxious. Christie Brown has a difficult life, but he is very difficult to live, and the film gives us a "pimples and all" image. He gave him a huge drinking drink, fowl and expressing anger. He is selfish and men of all around us and shows us all aspects of his character. However, it shows us positive things - his courage, his decision and his bad feeling of humor. Day-Lewis's performance is not only physically pleasing, but it convinces us to believe in the disability of his character, but convincingly mentally and cleverly, it brings these different aspects of the character of Christ. His Oscar Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh have won a lot of strong opposing teeth from the likes, but it is well-deserved. 8/10
