Jackie Chan's classic directorial feature Police Story (1985) is one of the most influential and over-the-top modern police workers from Hong Kong. General Kung Fu and serious gunfire and other "urban" acts are popular in HK Directors such as Joey Woo and Ringo Lam and Jackie just wanted to make it a distinctive feature. <br /> <br /> You play the role of a witness named Chan ka-kui who plays the role of Jackie. A powerful gangster boss and criminal activity evidence against his ring. Jackie's Girlfriend plays the role of young and sweet Maggie Chung, among whom she is among others, such as Kory Yoon and Jonny Two by David Loye, the Heroic Trio (and Sequel) by Soyier of the Soul. The plot in Police Story is quite simple, but this is the first step to why this film was taken. <br /> <br /> Jackie has done all of his character's own character and has been severely injured by some of the scenes, at the end of Jackie's head (near the eye) and starred in a very sharp sharp beard. Jackie's stunt team members were killed during the filming of the film. The sight of a bus stop before Jassie sparked the kidnappers by the windshield, the bus was stopped at the start and they did not run stuntmen. They need to fly on the car standing in front of the bus but their flight is very low and they hit by the hospital level injuries asphalt. During the last credits, behind the images of the images and behind the pictures of these injured actors and it looks very bad and almost tasteless, but fortunately no one was killed or injured. <br /> <br /> The action is more than imaginable and predictable by director Chan. At the end of the show, the epic bus scene and shopping mall scenes are the most spectacular scenes where movies can be released. Jackie always tells you how important editing is, and it really shows up in its action scenes and their timing and shows that movies are so ultra-dynamic when compared to Hollywood efforts. There are no slow moments here, and those moments are interesting and the movie is always boring or difficult to watch. <br /> <br /> But I have a negative point again, which I also have in HK Action comedy, Comedy. The comedy is not a mistake, especially the disadvantages and amazement of the screenplay are not in danger, but the writer wanted them to add them because they did not mean the bad script and the signs of the stupid dialogue. I understand the scenes like the initial stabbing assassination attempt, the murderer just shouts and screams, and makes the face and actions a nightmare clown from the nightmare of a scarf and he "murders" the girl. This kind of acting is stupid and frivolous and I would not want to see it in a movie which is quite great if not in its own style. The characters also tell their ideas, because "loud thoughts" are just stupidest viewers to make things clear and thus things are very simple and "easy". Although the film is not very funny, this kind of pornography should not be and they can not be easily forgiven. <br /> <br /> Police Story Rapid Speed, Full Impact, Adventure from the Hong Kong Adventure and Jackie Since he was very sad because he produced Protector for the United States, please feel the audience and Jackie, because there are no same ideas as director James Glenkenhaus. And he is more personal and creative to Hong Kong He returned to make critical films. As it was exactly 80, it was unhealthy. This is one of the most insane acting films ever made, and it's accurate without the errors I mentioned. 7/10
