Jackie Chan Police Story is a milestone of both the Hank Kang action genre and Jackie Chan's career. <br /> There's nothing to rave about the script, like Chan's directed, Police Story, and Art, and a lot of Police Storys' films. But the plot of the film is a good man who is struggling to punish the local gang lord Jackie Chan. <br /> <br /> The film's direction is not unique and the best directing effort comes from Jackie Chan, the miracle of the miracle of "miracles." But the job of directing Jackie is appropriate and respectful. <br /> <br /> The cast also featured Jackie, which is a very good Chan Nice Guy against the character, best performance in Sammohr directed 'Heart of the Dragon'. Other actors in the film also played Jackie with Brighton Lynn, an unsubstantiated witness with her role, but did not perform her full performance. Standout acting came as a sympathetic and funny police chief from Maggie Cheung as Jackie's sad girlfriend and Bill Tung. The film's performance is nothing less than the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> The action in this film really separates others with amazing contemporary choreography in accordance with urbanization, modern setting, some of the great action scenes in the camera. Initially there was a shootout in the slum, but the cow (mobster) made a drug deal while at the same time it was a good starter for the movie, because there was no John Woo style sequence. After this, the famous car should descend to the hill and look through the heart of the slum and see everything. This is a breathtaking scenario shot from Bad Boys 2. Another standout sequence is still in the middle of a film trying to bring Jackie from Bridget Lynn's home. It really is the first scene where we see awesome fast paced hand to fight hand we all become the norm for all modern set martial art images. The scene was mesmerized, choreographed and timely adjusted to increase the brutality of the scene. However, according to tradition, the stand out fight sequence is at the end of the film. Chance's best choreography, maneuvering and camera / editing work will be displayed in this order. This scene is now known for two things, the size of the people who have been sent by high-density glass, which is said to a specific person and when the jockey jumped from a 5th floor balcony, the stunt slides down through a pole and a glass roof (this belief is seen). Two of the factors mentioned for the two are exclusively brilliant, I think that the most impressive part of this Fight Sequence is the ability to insert anything into the Fight Sequence and insert the original originality of my choreography, never made me better. I also believe that the best-painted and edited action of action movies in Police Story helped me set action from others. Overall, Police Story is one of the best action films for all of his most exciting stunts, making it the best choreography of the movies, the best shot of the film and all of them, walking in the middle due to its inflexible storyline and script and plot padding. In the end, we are watching Chan's movie for action!
