Shakespeare Behind Bars is a strangely lifting documentary despite its content. In the Lugger Lacoste Correctional Complex, LaGrange, Kentucky, have been accused of crimes, killings, and murders? And in the apparently depressing atmosphere, those who encounter bad people get true happiness and are important, popular and celebrate in acting. Their organizational nature includes themes that are parallel to 'Shawshank Redemption' and search for forgiveness and redemption for their past lives. William Shakespeare (during this time, "Tempest", depicting a generous and free-looking director who provided his time each year to direct some prisoners in a brilliant drama, cleverly portrayed the prisoners involved in it, most of its penetrating view on durability and redemption) Each interviewer is introducing interviews, rigging them SIS's fragmented footage learn well. Each actor has their own story and tell them about their melancholy and emotional manner with melancholic music than they are in the concept of traditional documentary. Strong and most honorable prisoner (which appears) Sammy. Director Sammy (and later, Hall) will soon find out who is the most interesting prisoner and allows the man and his personality to look more deeper. His presence was felt on the screen and his personal disclosure was a shock to the audience, but his emotional personality was an appeal to him and a particular empathy. Hall is the same at the beginning of the film. There are other things he can pass time to show a comfortable hobby in running a site news broadcasts. Again, Hull (and Hull's body language of the language of the body language is not the closest movements of his unwanted hand movements, not only among others), but his heart is not sure about his real sexuality in society and that his heart can not be accepted as a homosexual He feels terribly afraid, then he participates in the film  ్న ఇతర ఖైదీలకు అతను చాలా గడ్డం మరియు మొరటుగా నటించిన చిత్రం వరకు అతను తనను తాను అన్నింటి కంటే ఎక్కువగా భావిస్తాడు వాటిని, ముఖ్యంగా రాన్ తన నటనా లో ఇప్పటికే నిరాశపరిచింది స్వభావాన్ని కలిగి ఉంది. The relationship between the prisoners involved in the play has been shown to have great respect for their respect and unity. Nice (otherwise cliché) movements passing time with titles ?? Everything goes right in the first act, and when things increase in the performance of the people, things are wrongly predicted. The introduction of one of the transferred actors and his role is replaced by a young, new prisoner, which gives a good subplot to the person promising bigger, but ultimately all the frustration and will not live up to their expectation. Especially for a big prisoner (Big-J), the new prisoner actor (Rick) has put his beloved into practice and became a good role model. The film has attracted the attention of every prisoner. Rick's new tattoos ("Hole" and "asks" when he gets a tattoo on his arm and we learn it's offensive offense in the comfort when taking a new one) and Big-G's depression is deeply understood. Happy ending? Everything is good when they are performing successfully (inviting presentations in the rest of the world) and virtual unity around them, but ultimately, the film is small, and everyone who has ever existed will bring them back to Earth or always wanted to be taken away from them. This is a long corridor plays in a shot because their repression is back to prison to pay for their crimes and they do not have any liberty in these plays, because their proud performances and recognition are low for criminals and closed doors and winding doors are a powerful image because their oppression is a powerful image music A nice halt. The director will eventually see where the actors are in the future and the people who are interested in the documentary through additional information from the end of the movie about what will happen to them now.
