The film was completely repeat of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. Lovers from Tel Aviv and Nablus. There is a border between them, wars with the Israeli army and warplanes everywhere continuously battle with their bombs everywhere. The situation is tragic enough. We can imagine love in that immense loveless trap. But the film leads to many light years, by guessing two lovers from homosexuals, Tel Aviv and Nablus from Nawam. Gay accepted in Tel Aviv. This is in the Nablus limit. The controversy between the two people has been doubled in controversy between the two cultures and the two ethics. This is also a livelihood if the war does not bring some extra size. Ashraf's sister is going to marry a militant activist in Nablus. Ashf finally tells his sister about her. She accepts it and agrees to talk about it. A newlywed husband from the wedding sends commando to Tel Aviv to establish a bomb attack. It happens in a cafe in Tel Aviv and a friend of Nom's seriously injured. Bad enough. The Iraqi army sends a commando to Nablus to arrest the person responsible for the attack, but it will become a smoker, and a newly married wife will be shot and killed in the street. The funeral will follow this marriage. Husband and wife volunteers for suicide bombers. Ashraf volunteers wanted to take their place. The lost lover tries to return to Tel Aviv and kill some of his sister to take revenge. He comes to the diner, run by some of Nom's friends. But Nom goes to see him and talk to him. Ashraf moves in the middle of the street and Nom explodes his bomb while he's down the street. The return of two lovers in the death of vengeance. We have a double confrontation, but we do not have Prince of Verona, which can impart peace on a neutral role, or previously the prince has chosen both sides and is in Israel. The game is absolutely false and death is perfect on both sides. But the impossibility of love is much stronger because a play in this movie, a play of love in Auschwitz, a game wearing a yellow star and other pink triangle between the two inmates. Two of the surprising and breathtaking surprises: gay love in Auschwitz. The reason is that they are not in love with Tel Aviv or Nablus. This is a DMCC for the controversy in Palestine, but there are no reasons why there should be thousands of reasons, although this continues. Not long ago the Great Britain Agreement with this region should not be allowed. Today we will have to find a solution that no one can insult. It will succeed if everyone is together for a lasting solution. But so far, everyone is trying to avoid common conflicts and debates that choose bilateral irregularities. So the suffering will continue and love is forbidden, not actually sexual, because the war is needed for children: so encourage more small soldiers. <br /> <br /> Doctor Jacques Kouleou, University Paris Dupine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Soroben
