It does not like the issues inherent in homosexuals and homosexuals for his films that illustrate life in Israeli director Ithane Fox and the Middle East. Moreover, for the younger generations, and for the greater part of them, peacefully needed and more time, for those who want to take notice of a war that was not recognized by both in Israel in Palestine. These reasons, in my opinion, are enough to consider Fox as an important director, even though his concept of play is not in control. However, fans of his films (he is in team with Gaull Ukhovski, his producer, co-writer and spouse) is due to having his new feature, The Bubble (HA-BUAH), which looks like this is the same success as the previous YOSSI & JAGGER and WALK in water. Two Shakespearean young lover replaces Verona instead of Verona and "Romeo & Juliet" in the two men (one Israel and other Palestine) have been declared contemporary homosexual version, since the film is actually very beautiful or, well, it is also something. In fact, the title bubble is different from the fox world and it is Fox's usual OHAD Nallar (Yossi in YOSSI & JAGGER, but I have to confess Jagger, Excellent Yehuda Levy to confess!), And his two co-tenants, a man and a girl. Only a thirty-year-old, uninterrupted, witty and fearless organization (though spent as a national service in a checkpeter on the border with Palestine) to live a life that does not make war. The two boys were gay and the girl set up a trilogy in which they love brotherhood and support each other. Their lives were intended to change when a young Palestine came to live in Tel Aviv with Nom Ashraf (TV star Youssef Joe Skid). Laws that have been implemented so far in the group are ignored, but do not like to help a friend. And it's not easy for Nom and his friends, 'Ashraf told his family that he was living in Palestine, secretly and in Palestine, he did not know homosexuality, his marriage is a very beautiful Ashwaf's beloved sister's cousin's bride, who is also a terrorist and not only two Strong responsibility for the development of the theme. Because homosexuality and peace (without dualism, not automatic), bias is stubborn and therefore no tragedy is avoided. Golan, Yelli's boyfriend, Noyam's tenant, was introduced as Lively (later, with two leads, funny Johar Liba and lovely Daniela Seherr, a gang of girlfriends, though the relationship between Nom and Ashraf did not interfere with other characters ), And the star of marriage is Leore Ashcan Log on as a guest appearance). Though the director can not do without a dramatic end, it also melt dark tones with more intelligent people. I saw this movie a month ago and at the same time I often thought about it, and there was evidence that Fox and his friend's home had a knack for a strike.
