From literary arrivals, people of all nationalities are attracted by accounts of unsatisfactory love. More lovely are always love stories that are impossible, not love. Israeli filmmaker Aiten Fox's latest film "The Bubble" and not the same, refers to the film's title "bubble", which is Israel in the face of Tel-Aviv political realities. It is not too big in a city in the city of Cosmopolitan and the unofficial capital city of Nublaus, a city in the Palestine Westbank, which also appears in the film. It is not very common with the confusing and hateful atmosphere in Palestinian testing centers. Actually, it does not seem to be very common with it around. Tel-Aviv's "bubble" people can produce lifestyle that is not what you would expect in any Western city. It's a teenage girl who is looking for Britney Spears records, a lifestyle magazine editor, and those at home when looking at the local edition of Pop Idol, sophisticated things on Capino and other similar trendy sophisticated drinks Talking sophisticated The next thing he lalo, sitting in trendy cafes, the "bubble" <br /> <br /> The film shares a flat with three young lives, and many of Israel will try to stay in politics. "Lenny, just a single woman, a camel owner and manager," Orna & Ella, a hip cafe, rarely dislikes the city and engages them in the roundabout, "the soft and easy employee of the little avant-garde record store noon, long political negotiations and insights. Is contrary to the Israeli left, but her political activities are inconceivable Attack against Manna. "Yellie and Wool are not naturally involved in this role. మరియు ఆమె రాజకీయ స్నేహితులు రావ్ యొక్క చిహ్నంతో టి-షర్టులను తయారు చేస్తారు, పోస్టర్లను చొప్పించి, పొరుగు ప్రాంతంలో ప్రచారం చేస్తున్న బుక్లెట్లను పంపిస్తారు.వారి ప్రధాన ఆందోళన వాస్తవ పాలస్తీనియన్లు పాల్గొనడం లేదని మరియు పోలీసులు వచ్చి, మళ్ళీ వారికి ఆహ్లాదకరమైనది.వారు కరపత్రాలను అందజేయకుండా నిరోధించడానికి ప్రయత్నించే పాలస్తీనా-స్నేహపూర్వక స్థానికులు కొంతమందితో ఒ  When they reached the real conflict of the conflict, in other words, of the speculative bubble in the early scenes of the film products <br /> <br /> nablus the road will take us to an inspection facility. A group of Palestinians is thoroughly checked before entering Israel, where a pregnant woman suddenly goes to the workers and gives birth to a child, despite the best efforts in the ambulance from Nom and Doctor. The young man comforts the young man and then goes to Noyam's home in his note in Tel-Aviv, which is clearly falling during his fire on fire. His name was Ashraf, he was Palestine and he was gay. And he did not just come back to hand back id, he came to see Nom. He is free to reside in Israel and he has an early contraction from Nom's flatmates. He will soon get a job with a Jewish name and Ellie Cafe. After grown up in Jerusalem with Hebrew, he does not have Arabic recognition that allows him and his newly discovered friends to hide his identity. The sky is light blue and the air is sweet. But it's not the last one. <br /> <br /> At one point, a play called Nam and Ashraf Bent can see a drama about two inmates in a concentration camp, a love relationship. Physical or surrounding guards do not appear. They find another way, a metaphysical one, a way of being together with a level where nobody is accessible. And our twin turns to the end. <br /> <br /> It is a political statement about the bubble when it comes to political rather than in today's Israel. In the face of a beautiful and embarrassing love story involving an unwanted love story in Israel and a divided world where there is no such thing as Israeli and Palestine, compromising than black and white. The "bubble" is also a beautiful picture about people, gay and straight, strange city, Tel-Aviv, who really live up to the eyes shown by people's eyes. The premise of the film may have its disadvantages, and events may seem to be somewhat unfavorable, but its strong message and emotional impact will not hurt you.
