The Israeli / Palestinian conflict continues and the world knows the violence surrounding the division of the two countries, while some have clue to other aspects of the division - a group of people working to eliminate peace and division. In Buubel ('hu-bhu'), Ion Fox has created a very substantial perspective for discrimination, choosing to tell a story of some good humor, love and cruel truths. <br /> <br /> Three closest friends roommates in Tel Aviv: Lulu (Danina Ferrager), a beautiful young woman with strong opinions; Yale (Alone Friedman), a very 'out' gay gay guy working in a famous café; And Nom (Ohdn Nolar), a handsome, slightly shy guy, is a member of the National Guard along with his day job in a music store and therefore spends his free time as a guard at the check points of the city. During the guard duty weekends, he meets a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yousaf 'Jo' Sweid) and mutual attraction. When three friends come into contact with unlawful Ashraf (Israeli nicknamed) and Ashraf and Noah enter into a romantic relationship, Alif enrolls Ashraf in his café, and Yale and Lulu find love interests, too. Everyone is fine until his sister's marriage returns to the home of the ASREF. Although Tel Aviv is publicly homosexual with Noah in Ashraf, life is very different in Jerusalem: Asraff said he would marry his sister's fiance-fiancée sister. In an attempt to rescue Ashraf from his fate, Nom and Llu convert themselves to French reporters to gain access to the ASRAP. In a moment, Nam and Ashraf were found kissing by the groom-to-be, and this action would cause blackmail for Ashraf to 'stay in the room'. <br /> <br /> Youngsters in Tel Aviv dance to a concert to take care of peaceful coexistence, an attack in Jerusalem - only a grave consequence of the grave faced, and Ashraf must now imagine in the daytime program. <br /> <br /> The acting is very ridiculous and is so natural that viewers are completely confident in this tragedy. Beautiful young men. The story finds the right balance between intense and mild and this is the same balance as Iten Fox is such a good writer / director. Most people should watch this important and very good movie. With subtitles in Hebrew, Arabic and English. Grady Harp
