I was on vacation in Israel in the summer, and could see this wonderful movie. Before I write a warning bit: I speak plain Hebrew, and therefore the Hebrew parts are not a problem; However, the film's quarterback (a little bit less) is in Arabic and I can not understand some of this subtitle bit. I did not remove it from my understanding of the film, but it caused me to miss some jokes triggered by some weak laughs in the theater. <br /> <br /> A year later in the American cinema, many people have great years of homosexual cinema and relationships, which is truly unique to stand on the head and shoulders for the rest; Furthermore, "The Bubble" has surpassed the mix of striking acting, romantic dialogue and relevant political atmosphere for everyone. <br /> The film opens in a checkpoint on the Israeli-Palestinian border; For the first few moments, we can not think of the type of film we walked. Nevertheless, the film is an essential element of strength. The political situation, the extreme tension in the air is constantly in the background. In particular, Tel Aviv plays his own role in his film. It is constantly referenced. Street names and restaurant names are constantly being converted. The skyline and city development was very strictly criticized, and ultimately the city was evolved along with the film, which is operated between Avon Nolar and Palestinian immigrant Asraf (Yousaf 'Joy Sweid), as the Aviv and Palestine continuous foil. We know that their relationships are banned, which rarely creates a sense of urgency in the film. Love is so strong, and the main center of the film. Second relationships and friendships are equally strong: the attractive restaurant owner Yellis (Yousaf 'Joe' Sweid) with ultra-butch and hilarious sulder, Golan (Johar Libya), is particularly fun. The romantic scenes in the film are all sensitive, fine art and cinematography: the movie's first love sequence, a male character in a male role, pulls up the lashes (Daniala Sergeer), and the shots of Noam and Ashraf. <br /> <br /> Many of these heroes lead audiences to understand that they are manifestations of the same form of love. Political tension and the current world political situation is a tragedy that touches me, so I focus on humorous conversation. Though I see this movie in my second language, I can not smile all over. There are separate entertainment lines for question whether homosexual suicide bombers receive Samson's analogy from the Bible as virgin women or men in heaven, and the world's first suicide bomber. This dialogue shows a special sense of purity and realism, which is rarely seen in the film. The music used in the film is also particularly powerful. The music is used only when the characters are legally required to hear or listen, and music removes an earphone when music removes another and stops music in a scene. <br /> <br /> I do not give much recommendation to the film. It's a wonderful work of cinema, which is well crafted and well crafted.
