What can i say <br /> <br /> With the American theatrical release (along with the newly released Blu-ray Disc version), the Americans hate it because the US cut is bad. This is much faster and harder than the HK cut, the background music has shifted from the dark, terrible HK music to hip-hop music; And the most gruesome scenes are cut off. Although dubbing was an important job, they tried to capture the original actress's voice and tone. However, the problem is that the hack hop (Black Mask) is designed with the film and dark, terrible, super upset and completely gruesome. Unfortunately, the US release simply removed the creatine they wanted, which was entirely ridiculous and irrelevant for the film's movement (HK release was 18+). <br /> <br HK Release. The film is a hidden gem, a prototype for the whole "matrix" tide and age. Combat scenes The camera works are also a bit "old-school" between HK movies. However, a distinctive blend of Kungfu and pop culture was created. All the leather, black dresses and decorations, this film features a superhero like a batman in black mask against a run-of-the-mill gang that leads multinational super soldiers through a punk heavy metal rock star bass. Yes it sounds like a retarded child's imagination, but it works. It is impressive that you give nightmares starring aliens fighting in bloodbath fighters in the whole film's leather coats. In 2002 they made a PG-13 rating sequel, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. Li and Liu know how bad you are because the movie contains the main characters and strong people and an interesting friendship. And, did I say Francois Yip? Her roundhouse kick is cooler than the villain boss, because she does not use a stuntman for all the battles. Did I say she was smoking hot? <br /> <br /> There are so many things about the film. <br /> <br /> The film also suffered a lot of problems. First, this is a simple script made with the best possible effect, meaning this production team deserves a better screen-writer. There were a lot of climax in the total 100 minutes, but they thought it was too far away and did not give the viewers a full sense of feel (the US version was even worse because of the reduction of all versions). Anyway, you can not ask too much from the comic inspired action movie. In addition, this film is not perfect for children. I will not recommend you if you are under 20 years old. It is saturated with the content of the blood, gore, soda-maso garments, intense brutal torture. In addition to film style, it is called a wet dream for heavy-metal rock music fans and action fans. (The U.S. cut is low, but if you want to see it, see what the HK release is.) 7/10. Status: Inspiring, hidden, low, adult.
