After the release of The Stroit Story in 1999, David Lynch's first feature film was acknowledged, which ignored his usual fantasies and surrealists. On the first visit of Lynch, he is on the first look of a person's true story and his journey to John Deere's 66 mower on his journey to the brotherhood. <br /> <br /> Lynch's vision of the small town America and its residents is still prevalent in its previous trials, such as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, but the noticeable difference is the movement of distraction. According to the terms, the film is one of the few live action films I think is a G rating. Most important, these pictures stand testimony to producing beautiful and important family images. <br /> <br /> Strain Story Lynch is the first factor to direct. This is a big opposition to many lynch devotees. James Crandage's poorly negative review of credit credit, which has received worldwide acclaim, has focused on criticism, not a typical lynch image. "Lynch is fighting inside a G-rated story mold that is not his own." Broodage claims, his protagonist Alvin Straits, "direct lines from Confucius." The story is weak and argues that the conversation is worse. However, it is only about the criticism that many read for the film. Errorhead, Last Highway or Mulholland Drive - The fact that I'm not lynch in all the movies that I worship, the Straight Story has a different part of the lynch that is not terrible. If you're a lynch fan, it's important to separate that part of Lynch with this feature. <br /> <br /> The narrative is slow and intelligent, which gives him a real sense of the Prophet's ideas, his destiny. Alvin is constantly reminding about his past and his relationships with his wife, children and his brother. Even so important is that there are flashbugs that only add to the effect of reminding me of my conversations with my grandparents. The end comes just as the boat is slowly hanging on a boat. The natural landscapes of the US are of great interest and I am very eager to go to America with the beautiful soundtrack by Angelo Balaendentant. The performances are also excellent for each actor credible in their roles, and Richard Farnsworth is particularly spectacular. His Oscar nomination was well deserved and he was unsuccessful. Nevertheless, it is the best swan-song for any actor. <br /> <br /> Straight Story There is no intricate description or trademark dialogue of the lynch, the fascinating character study and the most recommended about the movie getting old!
