Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is on the way to the throne of England. The current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not well and may not live long. However, Victoria wants to pressurize Vickie's conspirator's mother, The Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and her assistant John (Mark Strong) to publish documents that she claims to be "regent" at her old age, aged. Even though John got up and rejected her, the young woman refused. Victoria is another symbol of strong desire and deep love for her country. Also, when William passed, after 21st birthday, she had a huge cost before her. First, she should round her up to be ruled wisely with "right" advisers. She chooses her beautiful Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), although the old man is a fairy tale for Vicky. Which young Queen's second big decision will bring. In the years to come, a younger man should not choose his queen as a descendant must have a stabilizing presence in his life and in his kingdom. Meanwhile, in Germany, some distant relatives of the British Royal Family have some plans. Handsome Prince Albert (Rupert Friend) of the Saxon-Coburg Dynasty was encouraged by his father to the young English royal family. Once he comes into the palace, he is crushed and the feeling is mutually exclusive. But can he succeed in winning the heart, since he is a small player on the royal map making map? It's a lovely movie by Emily Blunt as Victoria's winner. Yes, she is very beautiful but she is intelligent reading about the role that has significantly scored. Other actors like Bradbunt, Richardson, Betani, Strong (no boring character!), And the rest are also friends. Also, the image is gorgeously filmed, costumed, and set, making it a visual dish in every way. In the absence of anything, the film looks a little more straightforward and unprecedented, with some somewhat unexpected adjustment, an extra dose of hypnosis. However, it's just a small, short argument in the whole, very successful and gorgeous film. Young, young and old, should have time for Young Victoria. It is the most valuable of the 2009 film offerings.
