In the history of British history (63 years), Queen Victoria also has two other variations. Our current queen, aged 81, is older than the oldest British Empire. She is also a British (against English or Scotland) king who came to the throne as her 18-year-old girl. Yet when television or cinema is a show or film about her, they are more interested in old Victoria than they are in the little girl; "Mrs. Brown" is a Victoria version of the modern audience, perhaps the most famous Judeo Tench. "Young Victoria" tries to reduce her balance by showing her events and events in the early years of her reign. <br /> <br /> It has a rare distinction of former royal, Sarah Duchess Yar, whose daughter Princess Beatrice is a brief show. <br /> The plot consists of three main strands. Victoria's mother, Duchess of Kent, was first thought of as a lover of her most influential man with her daughter, especially her advisor Sir John Conroy. (According to a vague rumor, and not Duke of Kent, Victoria's natural father). Both of Victoria and her German cousin Prince Albert and the growing romance between King Leopold of Belgium are both of these. (Leopold's ambition is to increase the honor of the House of Sachs-Coburg, he and Albert from). In the British political history, the bourgeois crisis of 1839, Tory party supporters (traditionally supported by strong monarchy), the Emperor reduced a person even though the Wiggs had historically supported the government as a partial republican system, as the third party was in favor of the Victorian party history and their leader, Lord. <br /> <br /> Writer writer Julian Feloise is known for his Conservative views and sometimes portrays his treatment of political themes as the ancestors of the modern theme Conservative Party appear to be lean towards Tori. Their leader, Robert Peel, was portrayed as dignitaries and dignitaries, and was shown to be shameless and incomplete in social reform for his dash and fascination. Some truth may have these qualities, but Felos ended a corrupt electoral system of corrupt boroughs, opposed to the Tories reformed reforms a few years ago, and they benefited from the constitutional retirement of William IV </ span> Lessons in dynastic and constitutional history Do not transfer, and it's a share of the bugs Has For example, Prince Albert has not been hurt in Edward Oxford's Victoria life, and Paul Bettany is a youthful young man who has been a youthful boy in his last half of the time. King William IV certainly did not like the Duchess of Kent (but his sister's sister), but I doubt that as he has shown here, he has lost the misuse of her during a state banquet. I can not understand the scene where Duchess and Conroy try to sign Victoria to "Regency Order". The constitutional position of Duchess was made clear by the Regency Act of 1830, when her daughter was under age eighteen in her retirement. <br /> <br /> A piece of paper signed by Victoria did not change the terms of the law. <br /> There are occasional inconsistencies. When watching Victoria and Albert playing chess in an opening scene, the entire scene was "Danger! Major Clitch forward!" Compared to the ones moving on a square table Warning. Yet despite these scenes, I have come to enjoy this film. There are some good performances, particularly from Miranda Richardson as Scuming Duchess and Mark Strong as a vicious conroy. It is very attractive, we filmed in luxurious style to come in to collaborate in British historic drama. Jim gave a fun turn to Bradman King William, even though he occasionally loses the upward spirits. <br /> <br /> Although he is not the pioneer in "Moulin Rouge"). <br /> <br /> The main reason for the success of the film was Victoria and Albert two young lovers of Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. Victoria is more attractive than real life, but the queen is no longer the most famous character of the quintessence of Windsor's Black-Clad Widows, but a true and beloved young woman. Her love for Alberta, and their happiest family life, was one of the main reasons for the monarchy's success in rebuilding the love of the British people. (Except George III, the Victorian Hanoverian ancestors did not possess nutritional values). Blunt and Friend "Young Victoria" is a touching romance and persistent human drama and a key period in British history. 8/10
