Andrei Konchalovsky the myth of the towering 4 and a semi-hour poem to Siberia simultaneously remembers half of a turn-off reminder, because it takes its time to research into childhood memories, do not begin, because it must have the space back-the -century backwoods village, The Soviet work is a perfect association with their subjects with the spirit of detail Still waters run to compose sounds and images has become the emotional resonance, as if picking up steam in the building goes on. Kochlavsky celebrates Soviet collectivity but changes the attitude and reflection of the revisionary path to the Baiaans as Soy Cuba and Invincible. The news of the revolution reaches the solitary Siberian village in solution. Young people should reach the fruits of their workers if they are invited to seek. Woman after waiting for the battle for a fiancé who waited 6 years with care and affection, in all this, in Konchalovksy waiting for zeros to examine the bitter longing and regret to go out and become a bar worker long enough velvet sofas and she left behind a year The oldest brother who was killed by the father's father In a ship that came to the village to the village, the fate of the spouse, who returned from a hero of a very 20-year war, returned to his small Siberian village for the sake of the girl he left back but the only benefit he returned was the oil for the frustration and resignation of the middle-aged regional party leader A power pump that came back for drilling To build a map of the ant. The image (excellent visuals from the war drought and the titanic technological achievements of an empire from the revolution of the Soviet history behind the 80s of the decade of decade with amazing reel footage can slip off from the 10's! All the fate of violence and twisted angles and flickering narrow shots of groups and faces) The original image is small and p On personal winnings and followers, personal attention. Pitterswitt creeps the concept of fundamentalism by the second half; Repentance and regretful fulfillment was not fulfilled. <br /> <br /> "This is not the matter", Konchalovksy answers, "It's no matter", "Ever's Old Man Hermit", which appears in every section to appear or deny everything, Inspiring, sometimes problematic sage; Behind all the other straightforward and logical incomprehensible ultimatums behind and behind the scenes and the recognition of human characters seems to have hidden something invisible. Ghosts of fathers appearing in sepia dreams, repeat shots of a star in night stars, an interesting bear, and indeed Eternal Old Man; Konchalovksy calls for awe and respect before a spiritual land in some other order. A small backwoods community struggling against the nature of progress and time finds out how to deal with them in its treatment and ways, which is often funny bizarre and tragic, and allows the director to overcome his humanity with hatred, which reminds me of Shahi Imamura's The Dudes of the Gods. In a dream scene, Alexei tears through a door plate stained by a promotional poster to Stalin to reach his (dead) father, references at the Soviet Dream betrayal, or better yet, all the things lost in the revolution, in the fiery denomination of this betrayal movie, More clearly visible. Wonderful Visuals, Indrajia and a raw natural edge are discouraging, helping to get a deal. By the end of its year, an oil was found in derrick flames, and the film was a blast of pure cinema.
