Americans will soon become a group of dark and damaged England preparing to siege Europe, but in 1937 the hip-Americans picture of the English and rural areas in the majestic, somewhat ridiculous rural region is appealing and euphemistic. American dancing star & heartfelt Jerry Holliday (Astier), Lady Alice Marshormordon (Fountain) with a European tour and ill on a European tour against thoracic groups created by the sensational campaign of his manager (Burns). The story is complicated by a betting pool between Marshalloron operators headed by Head Butler Cages (Guardian), who is betting on Lady Alice's cousin Rugi (Noble), a stuffy, dominant aunt (Collier) of Alice. The story was better than half the TV episode. Jumps are worn thinly in the full-length image for the typical Wodehouse plot equipment and false endings of a person who is in error. Alice & Jerry are both obscure (and irritating) clueless by the second half of the film. In the center of the amusement park & ​​climax in the castle is too long & pulling pull. Fontaine is very beautiful, very dignified, very strong, very polite, noble blonde, young pedestrian Albert (Watson) is terribly terrible. But "Damsell" is a pretty diminutive of the most talented, talent does not let us down. Astré's romantic comedy skill Gingner Rogers and his dance scenes are not less than any of his movies with Sons & Burns & Allen, but his dancing with the novel Hooper Zone is surrendered. Grassie steals almost the entire show as George's Bubley Secretary, who is once the head, confidential and self-confident. Her scene with a great character actor Gardiner is the sarcastic stupe coggs, a type of classic. This & Astaire's invaluable scene with Madagal singers "Damsell" is great but mixing with innocent and dull-enthusiastic Englishmen give a delightful color to the innocent but noble enthusiastic Americans. Gershwin is at the top of his game with "Nice Work I Can Get It" and "Stiff Loop Lip", which takes on the film through its weak points. And Mariglas have a picture of a Gershwin swing treatment? "Damon" is more than a piece of trivia for those who wish to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before her real star. If it's done as entertaining as the Wudewise musical comedies ruled in the 1930s, it will never happen.
