In a famous article about Charles Dickens, George Orwell pointed out that George Orwell was somewhere around, and many readers were never worried that Dickens wrote in Pixel Papers: the rest of his career did not obey the funny episodic novels. It's not hard for Dickens. His contemporary Robert Sardis only concentrated on the misfortunes of the fox hunting set (More fancy Romford's Honds only a title in his novel). Among the hunters and horse lovers, Certius still has a following, but most of his novels are unreadable. Dickens was determined to show he was a funny man (and his first book, Sketches by Bose, even a funny book). So the third book by Dickens is Oliver Twist (pretty terrible at points). Orwell should change the style of their books to grow any writer. <br /> <br /> Dickens strictly agreed (and successfully). <br /> <br /> Orwell did not care about the artist's writer who exceeded his companions. As I mentioned, an art writer focuses on hunters - but not everyone is interested in hunting. But P.G.Wodehouse looked excited at the top of the British social system, waving fun. Embrace of his Earl, ... the Earl of Emsworth, boosting the best pig in England His pammeat is always ready for the offensive when he obeys the unjust authorities. His Stanley Akridge has always had a "perfect" plan, which should be net with heavy profit (but eventually different). And best of all, Bertie Wooster, his jealousy always puts his brain working on protecting his boss. Because he has a limited perspective of his mission as Wodehouse writer - he has to do cartoon toys of entertainment for world entertainment - his books do not lose their glow. They are (and are still working) for their purposes. In fact, his most extreme contemporary Evelyn Waugh wrote funny books compared to the videhouse, but it is a more intelligent way. 20th Century Great Points of British Literature: The Best of Whatson Breatheshid Revisited, Decline and Fall and the rest. However, the book often collapses if the readers are not interested in making his decision to earn his points. There was some failure in the career of ORDEAL of Gilbert PINFOLD for every VILE body. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse is also a gifted songwriter (when you hear "bill" on the SHOWBOAT score, it is not Wodehouse can work even less hack, Kern and Hammerstein's tune, but a dozen years of tuning of Ken and Vide House Previously transferred from "Oh Lady, Lady"). He is a very good playwright. <br /> <br /> "The perfect butler kegs (Reginald Gardiner in a magnificent performance ) He is a scoundrel in a rugged "gambling" gambling game of chance in the hugely housewife who is occasionally singing from Italian opera singing, although Constance Collier attempts to control his inspiration. House Classification So love affair between lady Alice and Jerry is a great way to walk and kickstart the keygers and young Albert, both of them wanting to win the game Potato Potty Potato. Woudhouse is always the type of plot switch, and the opposers change their opinions on their current situation. <br /> Get together with the Birds and Allen Wodhaus is also fortunate for all of the movies they have worked with, and their best support with George and Gracey Fred Astier in all the movies (usually a kin's six and we are not wearing). The fun house sequence featuring a song "tight lip" song as a three-front "whiskey broom" dance (learned from Arsère Burns) is amazing. But Gracie's fantastic theoretical logic is used by Gardner's scenes by Wadehouse (see how she shakes her to give her more money than her change - Albert only occurs to see the mistake of Keggs / Gardiner and Gardiner stupid or mad). The farewell to marry her when she inspired her to marry her with a dialogue with Lady Caroline (Collier) son Reggie (Ray Noble, British Band Leader). The film failed at the box office because of lack of Ginger Rogers and Joan Fontaine's weakness. Fontaine did not do great work in the role, but the fault really was Wodehouse - he did not make the character much more interesting. But without the film the other students and their characters, Gershwin Music and the Wide House are a fantastic experience.
