There is a similarity between Tim Burton and Kunstura's artistic vision before 'jawat'. They find their own, poetic style, and then they become cowardly and become its prisoners. Burton (and still) Depp, Kusturia has miko Manojvivik, and some have been critically acclaimed to repeat the same formula again. However, there are people like me who only find joke funny when they hear the first time. This is why the worst of worst movies are 'black cat white cat' and 'life is awesome'. 'Javat' is completely different. You may like it, you hate it, but it's not just another kusturrica poetry! The dream of a balcony If you want to appreciate, you have to play safely. It's easy for another flying gypsy to make a film and award for a gastric. Fortunately, as a brave man he chooses to make a film that appears to be contrary to his previous work. 'Juvet' is described as a strong and very strict adaptation of previous Katharina films directed by Kusturika. It is good to see a bigger film director not to take it too big. It's not too big for bastamon or kubrick. This image is very absurd, absurd, so absurd, it becomes quite incomplete, and it is very happy. The same thing that creates Plan 9 from outer space is that it makes this masterpiece for people who know how. The average Western viewer can not get some instructions. Notable, the tire shop owner Srbljanovic, and it is the famous Serbian play author, Biljana Srbljanovic. Politically, she is very liberally liberal in her left hand, and she hates the political views and anarchism of her lunacy. Kusturica's 'Everything But Not So Little' is Miki Manojlovic castrate in the Srbljanovic store to take her work. The second suggestion was given to Goran Bregovic? The previous lexicographer. He set up the 'Cemetery and the Wedding Orchestra' and began to present around Europe. Although he is a major composer, Bregovic is just a performer and most of his songs (notwithstanding) are poor covers of traditional Serbian songs. Brucikov had a wedding and a funeral funeral. Also, music covering Western classics such as 'London Bridge Falling' or French dictatorship. Did you look good? Let's see how we feel in Serbia now when Brenovov feels terrible covers. I really liked this movie because it did not act as deep, it was very ridiculous, and it was pretty directed to all of his writings. If you want previous histories, you have a big chance that you will hate it. If you do not like a couple of his last films, you will find this joyous surprise, as Felic is directed to 'Pink Flames'. Benefit. This guy has a lot of respect for me after 'javat'. The next Tim Burton film will definitely have the main character with tender faces. The next custardian films may be about foreigners who are easily attacking the earth. The reason why he liked you or not is the reason why he is the most interesting director on earth.
