"I hate the stories that begin with funeral, but we are afraid that this will start the day I buried George, we have not buried him, we have been incinerated for environmental benefits." So Elizabeth (Judi Dench) speaks of George's widow. She has led a comfortable, predictable life with George. She has two adult children and 12-year-old grandson. But when she was 15 years old and during World War II she played socks at night in an all-girl (almost all-girl) band called The Blonde Bomb Shells. Drummer Patrick, drummer, is a lovely rogue who wants to fight and possibly kill because of the yellow wig, tall red dress and patrick with Patrick others. <br /> One afternoon after the funeral, Elizabeth found herself in the attic that found herself in the attic. She practiced, but walked out of the house in George Golf course. When Elizabeth meets aged patrice Patrick (Ian Holm) as Elizabeth, she is attracted to her 50 years ago (he was attracted to other members of the bomb shell, Rose on his bass drum  ు అతని ప్రేమకు ధృవీకరించబడిన ప్రత్యేక అర్ధాన్ని కలిగి ఉన్నాయి.) బాగా, ఎందుకు ఇతర బ్యాండ్ సభ్యులను చూడవచ్చు మరియు ఎందుకు ఇవ్వకూడదు అని చూడలేరు ఆమె మనుమరాలు పాఠశాలలో పునఃకలయిక ప్రదర్శన కోసం ఒక షాట్? <br /> Why not? Gaga is a member of the band. One died. There is a prison. Salvation Army got salvation. Nothing of them. One is in the last states. Being a professional singer and a school show, also for reunion. But one of Elizabeth and Patrick's are bringing surviving members of bombballs. We do not know if we can find them adequately. Rehearsals are often unchanged into off-key shambles. As they did, she and Patrick were younger when they were in London during the war while falling between bombs when Elizabeth's flashbacks were played in the band. It's terrible, it's the most exciting time of their lives. When Elizabeth's granddaughter is on the night of dance, Blonding bomb shells fill the friendships with the zithers and distance the youth. Later, Emmiboth tells us that Bom shells continue to play on platforms and she tells us that she and Patrick have no plans to marry ... But look around with a little foolishly around. <br /> <br /> It is sentimental hogwash. It will be done with skill, and not bad. It works by Judi Dench and Ian Holm's skill and attraction. When I hear this word, "warm hearted comedy," I'm usually afraid of the first-rate actors. If Dench and Holm take lightly and imaginatively for this script, it is wonderful to see what makes us charmed. Then if you can remember the older broads, there is a fun "old wide" gambit. Blond Bomb Shell included Leslie Caron, Jon Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billy Whitley and Cleo Lynne. The lion sings three numbers and roughly balances the product. She holds jazz talents very strong and unique, the Cleo Lyny Show is the only time she sings. Another attractive feature is the number of great WWII tracks in strong swing.
