The absorption is available in many flavors, due to various reasons; For some it is not more than a compulsive disorder, but it can be an embodiment of survival for others. The inadequacy of the daily living needs or basic social needs, as well as the lack of breeding, also motivates an intellectual enthusiast to offer a personal computer john. And in extreme cases, the object of that satisfaction may become a fascinating invasion, as long as it began to survive as a survival tool, it became much more motivated and the 'The Luzine Defense' Goris directed by Mallein does not insure a satisfactory resolution to the problem of high level intelligence, Make the situation much better Russ. Obsession, it seems, there is no bias or preference; <br /> <br /> <br /> In the 1920s, Alexander Luzhain (John Turturro) at the Italian Resort was one of the most admired chess tournaments, the world champion champion. Luzhin is the master of the game, but in that chess he is vulnerable since the end of a game for him; Besides, it is one thing that his siege, as found as a child, has seen him all the things seemingly his overall inefficiency, and enabled her to cope with the subtle disenfranchisements in her immediate family. So Luzhain Achilles is an intellectual with the heel, which is a mistake, perhaps another person knows and understands, and contributes to his personal gain in the tournament. The man was Wurtrinov (Stuart Wilson), a former adviser to Luzzin, who suddenly returned to Luzhnin and knew of himself for a few years. <br /> <br /> Valentinov Luzhinnen is an undesirable, involuntary presence, and once again threatens to kill him. He is going to face only a formidable opponent in the tournament (Fabio Sorarto) in the tournament, who draws a nineteen time in a match, but he also tries to fix a new element in his life - a young woman who just met at the resort, Natalia (Emily Watson). And, as he may be, intellectual, dark clouds of his whole life, save the curse as well as the curse that even Loznah may even push deeper into that siege. <br /> Tell the story of Luzhin, that Goris leads to the gradual reading of his childhood. And when his background is established, this makes it possible for audiences to fully understand who is Lajhein and to understand how he got this material in his life. For his childhood scenes, Goris has a more dark atmosphere and anticipated predecessor, and the existing resort's more religious settings. The transitions that she spent together with her past are well maintained, and it makes for an inspiring and impeccable performance with pace goris. In threatened production in the presence of Valentinov, she will focus on drama rather than suspense, and eventually works to improve the full effect of the film, making Luzine's tragedy more believable and unsatisfactory. <Br /> The same element, which makes this film very memorable, however, is the influence of John Turturro. To work on this movie, Luzhun must be absolutely reliable; A false or faint moment is dangerous, and it takes the viewer back to the story immediately. It does not happen, and the film works, because the lujain turtru creates honestly honest and true life. He was captured by Luzhin's intellectual and described his defects and his role as being unusual and very real. Although it did not surpass, Geoffrey Rush's 'Shine' played David Helfogot. And when he compared his character to other characters, Pete said in "Eugtran Heroes" from Syd Liddy, "Are You Brother Are You You? <br /> <br /> Natalia, Emily Watson, is an amazing, as well as wonderful actor, and he really knows what a wonderful artist is, and develops her character very well, performing a very special show by her performance. Despite her extermination of Luzon, Watson managed to work effectively in an underlying fashion. Specifically, because of the details she brings to her performance, Luzhin makes her quick relationship with believable and gives the story a complete reliability. You have to look into Watson's eyes, and realize her feelings are true. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast Geraldine James (Vera), Christopher Thompson (Strauss), Peter Blit (Ilya), Orla Brady (Anna), Mark (Luzheen's Dad), Kelly Hunter (Luzheen's Mother), Alexander Hunting ( Young Luzine) and Luigi Petruchi (Sandto). The well-designed and distributed, `The Luzhin Care 'presented a moody compassion that emotionally involved a film, a sense of sadness and perhaps a person's reflection on man's inaccuracy. We do not need film to tell us that there is cruelty in the world. But when we remember that we will never forget, we will be better served by the medium of the film, all of us have the ability to influence the positive change and the differences in their lives around us. I rate this one a 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> If you do not know what to do,
