One of America's most brilliant film directors is Elia Kazan. Kajan needs more time to breathe, and his direction is not well suited for intellectual tat thrillers due to being slow and subtle. However, 'Patrics in the Streets' is a first-rate social thriller and if it's more than 1950 when it's released. The fastest transmission across the globe of illegal immigrants, people's smuggling, imminent pests and diseases (fearing Richard Widmark said: 'I can be in any American city tomorrow and in any of the American cities tomorrow), ethnic separation, today's concerns are more than ever. The film has a magnificent film show by Jack Palance, and the amazing performance of Barbara Bell Geddes, two cast strokes genius. Richard Widmark once allowed a mental illness, and a deeper caring, warmly loving, extreme leader of the people. He predominantly promotes a person to stop an epidemic of pneumonic plague in New Orleans, which is fighting to persuade frustrated politicians and confident police. In 48 hours from dead immigrants, the whole city is in front, and they always race against time to find the little time crooks that are in danger of the whole country, the worst thing when reminding us from the 1919 flu. A spectacular scene of the Jack Balance is prevented from jumping over a rope through a rat-barrier on a rope, severely contradictory, the most terrible carriers for humans and the lice of all. The most dramatic chase scenes they call the Coffee Factory at Witch's are the rivals of Hitchcock's most invented climax sequels, and are simply an excellent set-up rival. Many experts will appear in the film, which contains realistic silly reality. Kazan really took the cameras in places where people rarely go, and rats can even think twice. The film is the main character of social reality. If it does not have the power of highly charged thrillers, Kazan has not taken it seriously because Plague's bullying is enough to frighten anyone without additional guns and moles. . An unfortunate thing about the film is the title, which gives a false suggestion above. But Kazan is too much. He clearly felt this public duty to alert the real possibilities. Those chances are declining today, but alas, they get worse every day. One day, after a worldwide plague, the film was portrayed as a parody of some survivors, but its lessons were forgotten.
