"Streets in the Streets" is a wonderful and atmospheric thriller in which director Elia Kazan achieved originality through the use of many local people for intellectual use of filling and enhancing many characters through film shooting in New Orleans. As a result, the characters and dialogues appear very natural and reliable. A significant deadline for avoiding a catastrophe is the story of the emergence of the emergency and the pace and the delayed delay of the necessary action, then increasing the tension to a higher level. After the dispute between participants in the card game, a man named Kochak (Louis Charles) was shot dead and his body was taken to the dock. When the body is detected and the doctor detects the existence of a virus, the U.S. Public Health Officer Dr. Clinton Reid (Richard Widmark) is called and testified to the presence of his test pneumonic plague. Reed emphasized that familiar contacts of the deceased person must be used without delay because the most infectious nature of the disease is that, without such an act, someone may die within the infected days. <br /> If the dead person does not know, it will be difficult to find his contacts and this situation will not help when City officials and Police Commissioner Read Breeding do not have complete confidence. They refused to believe that people had a threat and that their lack of initial commitment was the first in the line of obstacles that prevented urgent action. An inquiry by the immigrant community, sailor, employer's owner and the lack of co-existence of some illegal immigrants before the end of the identity of the man and his contacts were eventually damaged. The illegal immigrant was in a gang with Kochak, Blackie (Jack Palace), Raymond Ficht (Zero Monstell) and Vince Poddie (Tommy Cook) and when gang leader Blackie learned about the ongoing police investigation, he made some of the most valuable traffickers in the country. Since it is associated with Kochak and Piddel, Blackie thinks that Blackie should learn more about this subject and go to learn more. However, Poldi is very ill and can not provide any information. Blackie brings his own doctor, and Finch starts out of his room and starts going up a few stairs and follows with the read and the exciting chase. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark works as a low-paid public official who is facing a strong performance responsibilities, while dealing with his own employees as his family responsibilities. In his extraordinary role, Dar Reed's decisive and intellectual nature is also very convincing. Jack Palanes's film debut shows him a brutal exploitative performance, leaving the cause of Coach out of the card game and incorrectly shared the cause of a serious police investigation. <br /> <br /> In the typical document-noir style, Expressionist cinematography and neo-realistic effects use Tandem to effectively capture the atmosphere in areas. This will take action. Elia directs the Kazan with precision throughout, but also in the warehouse and in the heart of the memorable chase sequence.
