In addition to some fears of space, a scene opens in a dark style, then moves up in a window jumping up to a camera, behind which opens a cryptic card game. Some weather has brought Wells in touch of Evil a decade later. One of the players throws the window; This is a proper action, and it's not just that and the opening of our first impression of our underworld. <br /> <br /> The film is filmed in high contrast black and white films, shooting some of the amazing cast in New Orleans, as well as shooting spectacular locations. The scenes displayed in locations such as mortuary, crowded shipping office or a distinct, and sometimes claustrophobic atmosphere in the pink paint of 'Frank's Place' is impossible to rebuild in the studio. With these elements, Kazan's film shows the impact of Dazzin's bright Naked City two years ago, which founded the obscure, almost documentary style in the Nair cycle. In fact, Widmark's previous character is in the best night and the city of Dassin, a growing panic in the film. Joe MacDonald, the favorite of the director, photographed panic images in the descriptive atmosphere of the Streets. Macdonald also worked in Kazan's Pinky and Viva Zappa and three years later, Widmer was shot in Fullard's masterpiece Pick Up on South Street. <br /> As others have noted, some of the mouthpieces, Kazan's writing contradicts the chaos, illness and the oppression of the streets and the sickness. However, Lang's The Big Heat (1953), however, was destroyed by elements of Vice around the central character encircling the home of the hero - ultimately to work with a sense of vigilance and vengeance to come back to him - Streets Places Reid's growing concern is another day Only limits. Despite all the danger, finally the beloved of his family reappraised and satisfied. <br /> <br /> The fact is created with imbalance, crime and disease. The film is very close to both. It remembers the tagline from a very cruder cobra (1986) - "Crime is disease. Quiet meets," is a contextual similarity, if it is very uncomfortable, social reduction. In climax, visuals are particularly similar to rodents to rats, which are similar to criminals, both to disturb the health of society. He ("infected") and Blackie resonate in the audience 'minds, if it does not know exactly what to do, adding more to the rounds (probably infected) and liaison committees with his friends inexpensive rooms and docks. Ironically, Blackie's hunch about Polida's unfortunate relative is "something he's taken", and in the end, he can not sell or steal. <br /> <br /> Blackie's logical concept is the ring of truth about it, and his confusion can be understood that the police are usually in trouble with the murder of two anonymous immigrants. <br /> <br /> Dr. Reid, on the side of society, is a real hero hero. Being familiar with this genre, as a loner, the main limitation, compelled to go beyond the limits of the law. The size of the film given by Kazan's controversial personal history, especially to society, was to bring the morality into his own hands. Prior to the suspected HUAC, the director was named for suspected Communists and fellow passengers. His portrayal of those who suspect questioning, and the press administration. The director's sentiments resonate during these actions, while McCarthyitt may have accepted the witch hunt and the civil rights repression that would bring the entertainment industry's imagined communist intrusion into light. In these times of horrific threats and state reactions, such problems that are found in the picture are very modern. <br /> <br /> Blackie's perfect nature in the stand-out scenes in this film is a deductible prohibition of his cousin. The stalks of his victim in the catwalk, blanket room, finally catches the fever of the bird in his hands, and then finally drowned on the unhealthy bed of a man who had a doomed - a wonderful, bad cradling. It is a mere emphasis on the intimate nature of corruption that is moral or physical. Apparently, most of the actors did or did their own adventures, eventually leading to some other, more dramatic scenes, police and health officials were close to the villains in the warfors. <br /> <br /> Half crawl, half scrambling on the slippery wood at the edge of the dock pool should be the most uncomfortable experience for half the palace, but it adds to the lowest of all. <br /> Occasionally, less acceptable things are put in view of the viewer. Apparently Dr. Reid is left to fight a little public backup of potential national emergency. Perhaps just surprisingly, he could not get himself in - he did not invite a dramatic turn. Even at the end of the film, the potential epidemic was stalled, all the contacts, a little neatly. But these weaknesses are still compelling for compulsive and relative viewing of the film that still covers one of the other satellites of the film.
