I could not help but think it was bigger than that. The screenplay was very intuitive and it seemed that Seven could be opened as much as possible. Not by changing the story - mainly through cinematography. This film is about to get the film back. On the other hand, the pacing is entirely on the point. Those who worked in editing really did their job well. And I thought Bill Paxton made a great job of directing. <br /> <br /> The film poses for me a loop. Spoiler alas !!!! In addition to all, I thought Bill Paxton was crazy and when Adam finally took the FBI agent to Rose Garden, I threw him for a loop, to show him the bodies buried and he was revealed. I doubted the first part of the twist but when he hit the agent he really threw me and asked me how his mother and the agent (without any words spoken with touch) knew that the agent had killed him. My dilemma is that it is another twist that is thrown yet but this man and his father are not crazy but the choice of 'bad guys' choice out of the fact is knowing the truth of their sins and crimes is not nearly disturbing. I have not received an eye for the eye, so I believe that they are doing God's work. Instead, I believe that they will be two ministers, and the father has gone out of the depths of the day, depriving his sons and perpetuates them forever. This is my commentary but the tragic thing about the movie is like a house of cards and what is the proper description of the continuous circle and the disturbing events you are sitting on. It's definitely one of the movies where I'd not be able to meet the author so I really asked him what to do with the original meaning. Are they crazy and emotional? They were just telepathic and licensed for it? Or do they have some sort of thing from God? If so, God or God is changing God. <br /> <br /> My friends and we are talking about it, and this is what we are trying to figure out what the filmmakers answered. </ P> <p> Very disturbing but definitely not sensationalistic stuff. It's not a perfect image, but it's definitely something that's own. Great partial writing and baby Paillon and Fenton starring are great. Hope he does not end up relegated to child actor syndrome as he has a lot of promise. I gave this movie a good vote for the majority of parts that make up a film, but if there is something that (I can not recognize anything) is not off and not, the film went to a higher level. Still, the perfect recommendation, especially for the inquisitive.
