The latest high-budget spin-off for the most successful franchise in enterprise, film or television history is opened to a tune of a 90-minute episode called 'Broken Bo'. First, some will wipe out into a huge action scene, following the Sleiban (who is the main enemy of the show's first season), chasing Klingon. Television film rarely takes us on a good journey, such as the best character development, story and action / visual effects. <br /> <br /> Opening Credits The Minority of Enterprises is debatable among fans, some believe that this song is spending. They fail to realize the literature themselves. If the original song is heard instead of one, then they begin to cut a piece of the puzzle. In the end this series will go further and to learn more about our brave captain and his crew, the song really understands. <br /> <br /> Which television show is worth watching and time and time is worth looking at its characters and they are constructive, and in any case Diane Warren's theme has a beautifully orchestrated theme. Layered. One of the best performances of the company from the Next Generation (in my opinion). After Jean himself filmed Patrick Stewart as Captain Jonathan Archer Jean-Luc Picard, Scott Bucula was the best choice. The captain always leads the show, Bakula brings a smile to his face and adds someone with blood pumping in their veins. He is just a wonderful human being (actor wise and character-wise) and his charm, intellect and compassion. For other cast members, John Binsleyley played my favorite Dr. Flax. It is also good to see a non-human character play, and the name of the name "Captus dog" is a good idea. The appearance of the display character is intelligent overall, it is fast, well timed and almost perfectly. Parvus Travis Mayweather's portrayal of British Anthony Montgomery was almost as though I was weak at the end of the first season. He has some things to say here and there, but it is more important to him in the hand of the producers. Jolene Blacock is sometimes stunning but equally loving sub commander T'Pol. Dominic Keating Lieutenant Malcolm Reed plays a strong role and persuades him as a weapon officer. Conor Trainee commander Charles "Trip" plays the role of Tucker, who always adds charm and humor to his character, and eventually leads Lindau Park to play a very weak role, but thankfully quickly becomes interesting. All of these characters make enterprise, and all of the Star Trek has not seen for a long time. Every person is worth watching this presentation. For the first time we see the smiles and feel-good feelings on the bridge of Star Shipping Enterprise NX-01. . The range is now 150 years old and Captain Kirk is 100 years old. So why is the Akira Class equivalent of the mid-24th century on the ship's design? Continental is a problem in enterprise, but fortunately Rick [Berman] and Brawnon [Braga] offer adequate explanations for everyone. Continuity is only if you are constantly testing the exhibition and engaging in details. If you look at the open and open mind, you do not have problems, but 'why' is the desire to get to know from time to time. So, what did Berman and Braga do with the ship's deinin problem with the base of Star Trek fans? According to them, the NX-01 is because of the incident in the first contact. When Jeffrey Kochron sees entrepreneurs-E through his telescope, Commander Ricker has changed the ideas on his head, speaking with the team. This is a good enough explanation for me. It's not easy for some fans to accept this sort of answer, and they will get a reasonable answer until some of the show is rejected. When George Lucas destroys his profits with a new trilogy, the fans will not be able to do anything, but watch out and remove it all. And then they learned, that's not so bad after that. If you can not accept the quality of what you are supposed to do, it's not in your mind, then go somewhere else. Or try to be a producer on the show and see what you can do next. <br /> <br /> The sets of enterprises in the enterprise remind me of the deep space from nine to decimient. They often appear to be cool and they are very impressed with the modern architecture and they cry out that they belong to the military. Perhaps it is the staff of USS Enterprises (the main structure of the American Army). <br /> <br /> Rick Berman as' John Lagaan 'is the head of the empire' so be sure to put it up and his talented bronna braga must be nail on the head properly, and in all the right places. It can be technologies, visuals, sound, compilation or score. The good performance of the good tech science fiction is the good performance of the company. The last gene Roddenberry is proud of this series and a star trek fan, so you have to be.
