History has no greater scruples than misleading history. This makes him the easiest and most striking way, portraying him as a monster. Show only his negative sides and look at them exaggerated. "We do not know about the past misconception." He is a human being. Some may be tough to approve it, but we do not like the important part of life. Even if he does not have a human being, he must try to understand him. Otherwise, the future may not be able to prevent a sample, or possibly the current, remotely comparable limit, until loss and difficulty. Hate him, and let him not do what he has done, let him be mythical, intentional, or otherwise. Clearly, this small-series is a lot of audiences with a clear message of "bad guy or whatever" in the next, or even in the scenes, including every bad character (in addition to whom and who goes directly against) Less visible, and he is constantly in his life, he believes or sings It can not be used to educate, but it can only be used to describe some of its mistakes, which is, in the event of events, and any and all of the survivors, it's disrespectful to say about the dead. It is well done, excellent production values, well described Lotus is a great arc, what feature is strong and reliable, dialogue and script is good, all acting performances are awesome (Carlyle plays the role and behaves ... as written ... in full), well-composed, cinematography and editing is flawless and creative, and It's definitely dramatic, fun and inspiring. They will get dates and many events, and do them justice. Although I was proposing to do this work, I feel like Hitler's intention to be fully paternal, for that reason I refused. I can not blame anyone for hating him. How can you forgive his work? I'm not suggesting. Finally, I will write that, for two years in the financial crisis around the world, it's not terribly unequal in the 1929 stock market crash. The two reasons led to the disappointment of the new millennium: governments are being given money to the banks to continue the markets, and most countries are now friendly to each other. In addition, the lesson is not learned. Hopefully, it is now. Go back to ... my advice? Read a book, but fiction, dealing with the subject. There are plenty of information, smart ones. Has a DVD trailer. I recommend this only to those who know it well and ask for the truth that they want to see it. 8/10
