Unusual travel time taken: instead of traveling past Earth, the main trilogy will be difficult in the last history of another planet. They bring the beam to this planet, whose sun is determined to go to Noah in 3 or 4 hours (closing it!). In some ways of the futuristic library, they meet Mr. Atoz (A from Z, Hey Heck) and his counterfeiters. Instead of avoiding the destruction of their planet by the usual way of space travel, all the inhabitants of the planet will come out of the past, escaped in the last time eras. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine to send people on their way after they have made a choice (see another trek prostagication of discs, CDs and DVDs we see here). When Mr. Atos Machine is manufactured (Atavachron-what-sis), Kirk Kirk walks into the Earth's 17th century version of a woman's scream heard, he gets into a sword fight and arrests for witchery. Time of vocabulary ("... you're a bully fine cow .. Witch! Witch they'll burn you .. At this time there is an extraordinary but good appearance to play a woman who is sick ..!"). Spock & McCoy follow Kirk, but it ends in Ice Age 5000 years ago. <br /> <br /> Kirk goes back to the library first. The true story here is the rejection of Spokes to the boldest wounds of his ancestors, the battle wolkenes 5000 years ago. At this point the machine is responsible for a change (however, not well made by Spock & McCoy Atos Oh), as soon as it has been influenced by the Spock transition - he refers to the existence of 'millions of light years' instead of hundreds or thousands - a gross for logical valkon error). In any case, Spock truly shows his nasty power - forget the "Day of the Day" and remember "Paradise This Side" - McCoy quickly finds his Valkon friend unable to stand up to his usual baiting and returns his face. Sparrow also lived with a lovely lady named Jarbab, who was exiled as a punishment in the past (a couple of Troak novels wrote about the outcome of this association). All of these scenes are open to the eye, the spock is hidden or the reminder of what's in it. It is quite contradictory, some early episodes ("womens for methuselah"), where McCoy Spock has found that love pain - and now this happens. Kirk, on the other hand, is fighting with the old age at the back of the Kirkhead back to the last age ("You're obviously a suicide man" - the great thing from actor Wolf, who finally appeared in "Bread and Circus"). It works at the end of all, but they cut it very closely as I mentioned before. Small trek adventure that is perfect with a perfect cosmic slant.
