Honestly, I expect this one to hate, and really only check out why Jenna Jameson did it ... but I have to say I got a kick from Evil Bread. College children and their team will continue to "Ireland Trip" to Ireland. Wildlife enthusiasts are wandering and tourists often disappear without a trace. But the asset's caretaker warned that a group of teachers could not enter the woods - but they were stupid B-film characters - they would not pay any attention and pay a payment for their mistake ... First, there is a lot of wrong with Evil Breed. Acting / dialogue is pretty weak and Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lane, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hays have a much more thankful nudity than what has been shown here, and Jenna's character is grossly over-hyped, with a total of 2 minutes screen time . Cheesy and ginger lice have less skin, so there is no skin, and the worst Irish voice is already there. Moreover, the final scene in the film does not make any sense and it seems to be thrown out to end the film. The grips aside - there are some good things as well. Richard Griko and Chasey Laine were initially dispersed, the naked torso of Grecoco ends on a rodent spit and is not cracked in the hard half of Chasey (this is not shown on screen despite the screenplay) ... The first 5 minutes is not bad. Other killing sequences were struck by Jenna's forced breast implant, including his cow, his face by his face, and some other celebrities. Implant and colon glazes also contain pruning forms in specific features, and the producers are insulting for 'em' chopping them. The film also moves at a fine clip even after it's moving, so you should not be really bored. The "organism" FX is also definitely helpful and it definitely helps. Overall, Evil Breed is not as bad as I expected. In addition to Satton's Little Helper, the film revived my interest in American low-budget simple videos. I usually steer clear of the whole of them, but these two are good enough to give me some confidence. Evil bread is not a story, but it's a good way for 90 minutes - you may not be hurt by Burberry when you're at it - I know, and I'm sure I'm not harmed. 7.5 / 10
