I really like Richard Gere ... I'm always there and it seems that I've always been here and that Hollywood actor and money earner has fallen to his rank but that he has got very mature and serious roles, The Hacks, The Hunting Party (see two movies! The Flack is a huge release which is considering a big 35 million + budget. I feel that some of the other IMDb reviews are very tough because it feels more like a violent and disturbing process with a very powerful social problem and Gear brings it home. This is an action thriller drama about the story of the story. I think Hollywood is considered a serious issue as part of a problem with people, but I think this is disrespectful but it tries to take a different spin to have people's awareness. In fact, the Hunting Party is in line with the war. <br /> <br /> Hong Kong director Yi-ki-hi did a good job of working together but I feel that the cast will be worth watching. <br /> <br /> Richard Gere is the kind of Errol Babbage kind of creation of his own style and laws when you come to examine his "flock" by a social worker who has violated sexual crimes, as you might expect from my previous comments. He has no punching on tracking these people, following which they are sure that they are not sure to be bothered and if they do this he will be able to identify and stop them. Gear is very intense and drops out of this job and he is violent and angry when these monsters are loose on the street. He is simply amazing. Claire Danes is also Babbage's new partner and he is as wonderful as his husband to train his job. The role of Danes is quite a typical social activist and backed by Babbage's style and practice, but he is trying to fulfill and tries to slow down. Both of them have excellent chemistry with bright and very different characters. Yoga Strickland plays a role that reminds you of Carla Homo (now Paul Bernardo's wife outside) who is following Canadian serial killers, which looks worse off from headlines. Her character is a bit shorter but she's all at once simultaneously and scary. Russell has a small role as Sam Strickland's newest entourage and he can probably play a bigger role. Rai Wise, a wonderful character actor (check him in the dead end and satan himself in a WB show reaper) and a minor character of the public safety department and the owner of the Babbage. <br /> Despite the magnificent performances of the lead cast This film is not perfect. It takes liberty by really trying to make film fun rather than education, but this is not a different angle as the Nicholas Cage Dude 8MM. There is something to really bring you into the underbelly of flak sex trade, kidnapping, human trafficking and more. Perhaps it is not directed or written, but I tell you that dance and gear will make this film a complete watch and a great thriller. It's not upset but also too complicated and yet in many ways Gear's character opens radically complicated and even social stigma with several layers and when you see people dealing with gear you will contemplate the vigilant in many ways. I encourage you to ignore poor reviews and see for yourself because it's worth checking out !! 8.5 / 10
