Sometimes they hit luckily in their hands (Wayne's World, the first, not the second). But very often they duds (which comes to mind quickly than the pot). This time is the Lady's Men as Tim Meadows. This film comes somewhere between a hit and a trash. <br /> <br /> It was very fun for the first 20 minutes, but then usually with SNL skits, before the slow ending, is called The Lady's Man at a radio DJ night ceremony. He answers any and all questions dealing with sex and relationships, usually in the discreet way. Everything comes down to the final. After charging the station manager's buttons, Leon is eliminated along with his producer Julie (Karen Parsons) and another job is to be found. From random blue, comes a letter from his former ladies. This letter gives him the wealth and luxury of life, the only issue that does not sign the letter. So Leon needs to track all the women he's been with and find out his dreams woman. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Williams says in the film, your dreams stand in front of you. Wives / friends also have a sub-plot about some of the boys who sleep with Leon, and he wants to identify the first person (he is a tattoo on his body) and then kill him. The guys have led this group, it's a surprise! Will from Ferrell SNL First off, I thought the sub plot was rather dull. Singing and dancing stuff is simply totally unworkable. I usually like Wil Ferrille but here he never clicked me. And the rest of the guys who just tags along, and eventually all their wives / friends decided to make their mistake to cheat on them. So the main story back. The story is primarily centered around Leon and sex. So if you do not like Leon's character down, you do not like the image. His voice, his habit, and his conversations bring this film. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. He never thought that he was a good actor in SNL. The only thing I really liked him was his ladies man skits. But the best thing about them is that they usually participate in a guest host (remember with Cameron Diaz), they are young. For about 5 minutes, they're pretty funny. And here, for about 20 minutes, it's really funny. I thought about the role of the film, and he is in the role. He never wave from his desire to get the man just laid. In the end, as long as this transformation, and the upcoming speech to build things. In addition, it is better to put Leon as Leon, and something less crude than him does not change him. You do not have much to imagine. As I mentioned earlier, at the beginning of the cinema I was a lot of fun. Some of the loud movements laugh real, all around the sexes and his brutality. The problem of course with the movie and most other SNL spin offs is the only characters that will only be shown a few minutes at this time. This feeling is very difficult to stretch for up to 80 minutes. It is clear why these difficulties require sub-plots, because without this the film was less than an hour. <br /> <br /> All in all, Ladies Man is not the same as other SNL movies, but it's just as good as others. It has some funny moments, the first 20 minutes are great, but the rest are gone. There are some unwanted subdirectories that intended to prolong the film. Bottom line, you can see the image if you like the role of Tim Meadows and his Leon Phelps. If he is angry with you, do not panic. Unless you want to see Tiffani Theissen in some nice exposed costumes. <br /> <br />
