VHS Cover (as well as the movie image shown on the website as well) It sounded so gay because it looks so gay, I actually delayed my viewing of "Barbarians" many times! By now I want to be watched before because the movie is not quite gay ?? Just trashy, cheesy, campy and much fun! This is the director of the "Holocaust" director Ruggero diodo, contemporary popular Sword & Sandal Fantasy Flix of all people, especially the one in charge of the comedy of Schwarzenegger's Conan films. The film opens with an amazing 'once-over-one-time' type of storyteller backstage, and introduces us to Ragnax. Their entrepreneur traded for a pure golden mountain once for a tremendously powerful ruby ​​that allowed them to travel in free and enter into every country of entertainment. In other words, Ragneks is a group of travel circus freaks! The glee of the greedy Kathar Rangnex kidnapped Canary and their joy suddenly ends when they are continually trying to find Ruby's whereabouts. Meanwhile, and as amusing cod of time, two orphan twin brothers Gore and Kutchech are trained to become biceps fighters and they are being prepared unwarily to fight each other to death. Instead, they will evade and develop a plan to free their queen. Actually, the plot is not as half as bad as I was initially afraid, but it's still quite a fun screenplay chemistry by the beefcake brothers, crazily frivolous dialogues and of course totally funny fantasy-giants, pretty kind of cute eyes like a dragon, the kind of werewolf creature and the zombies get out of the swamp appear. The soundtrack and make-up effects are good and our supervised director Deodoto performs at a terrible pace. Barbara Brother's performance capabilities are much better than expected, one of which produces continuous macro wave sounds. The supporting cast is excellent as well. Eva La Rue is not as beautiful as the cute Savage Girl Kara, and Virginia Bryant is indeed attractive in many cases, such as Richard Lynch, and the lovely Shiba Alohani her first and only show as a bad wizard with a donut-shaped hair style (I'm not a child!). Last but not least, "The Barbarians" stars are the favorite hills in the hills by Michael Bryrimmann, a dirtmaster known by the appropriate name. I know that rural people are displayed gay art appearances rather than promoting the music version about the growth and fall, but "the Barbarians" really should highlight Italian exploitation.
