LE GRAND VOYAGE is a delicate miracle of a film, the work is much deeper by the writer / director Ismail Ferráqui due to its poor script, the natural scene of this road trip story and the performance of the stars Nicholas Kajale and Mohamed Majd took. Ferrucci's Direction's cinematography (collaboration with the delicate mixture of the horoscope travel vistas and characters) and Fauji Gurzouzou's musical score improved widely. These movie surveys are a number of local music variations from many countries. <br /> <br /> Ruda (Nicolas Kajale) lives with members of his Muslim family in southern France, a young student with Western friends, does not seem to follow the religious direction of his legacy. His elderly father (Mohammad Majid) Mecca came to build his hudge and could not drive, requiring Rida, who does not need his personal needs to quit his personal religious obligations. Italy went to Italy, Italy, and Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia, and Turkey in a critical automobile to travel to Saudi Arabia via Turkey. During the trip, Redda prefers to visit some of his favorite places with his father, but his father forgets the purpose of his journey and rudges his father's demands. In their pilgrims they encounter an elderly lady (Guinea Ognianyova) who attaches to two men and finally Reda, who guarantees to guide the father / son, must be abandoned by a Turkish person Mastafa (Jackie Nersesian), a bar and unforgettable Reada drunk, countless border A variety of patrol guards and custom agents Ranala by their denial. Tensions between father and son mount: The importance of this pilgrimage can not be understood, which leads to experiments and accidents, and the father's father can not understand Red's understanding of religious beliefs and needs. Eventually they can reach Mecca, where they are the pilgrims around the world and the sensation of the importance of tourism is much higher. The story is closer to the approach and the meaning of the story. It took a religious pilgrimage between the youth and the elderly, between the son and the father, and defying and accepting the religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of the film is exceptional - because the camera just 'occurs' because it has special effects to catch a lot of stopping points without the need to expand them. Nicholas Kajale is an outstanding actor (who wants to see him in his recent and present film 'The Groarsars Sun') and his carefully painted role in bringing magic into the film. Another good film from The Film Movement, which is said to be a tender story brilliantly. Highly recommended. <br /> Grid harp
