Ida Lupino is one of the few women who have crossed the directory glass piling in the studio system in Hollywood. Surprisingly, she also solved the proto-feminist themes, and when everything touched, it was rarely understood to be talking about it very rarely. In anger, she deals with rape and afterwards, and throughout the short film it is referred to as a 'criminal assault', and she has, at any rate, no doubt what happened. <br /> The official launch of the Mala Powers) plays a secretary-bookkeeper in a large industrial factory; She lives with her parents, but is engaged to a parade (Robert Clark), who has just got a raise and is currently making $ 90 a week. When she left the plant after a late night work, it was revealed that she was dying herself. In the next scene? The best in the film? <br /> When she returns home, the police can not stay away from her in the dark and in shock. She never saw her attack (excluding a snack truck outside the factory). Nothing is happening, she returns to her job and falls apart, everyone looks at her and thinks she is regretting. She goes into a fuse state, going to the bus to Los Angeles, but it will fall on the rest. <br /> <br /> She knows that Todd Andrews, a young minister in California's farm town, waking up in a strange ranch home saved her. About her identity and the orange packing job will take. Both fall in love, but it's clear to Andrews that the Powers keep terrible secrets. <br /> <br /> At a company picnic, she tries to steal a kiss and steal a kiss while breaking the skull of Jerry Paris is the truth about her past. , And it may explain and forgive some of its shortcomings. Although Lupino's first attack was not withdrawn from the scene, the film ended up biking and sentiment, ending the talkie and divaktics. Yes, Lupino has important information, but she does not believe the story to talk to herself. Her performances, pleasant, but fun and simple, are not very helpful in returning to the warranty of the melodramatic postures or homes. But rape is a progress, a trail for rape, and then a trail for the next lecture on what is really right for its victims.
