Some unsubstantiated films resonate in hours and days after watching. Carol's Journey (EL VIAJE DE CAROL), based on the novel 'A Boca de Noche' by Angle Garcia Roldan, was a 2002 film from Spain. The war and its consequences are not a new thing for the movies but when the background of the war plays in the background as a subtle driving force to develop roles (especially children) that are affected by adult games, <br /> <br /> Carol (Clara Lago) 12 from New York Year-old Spanish American teenager, and her reactionary Arora (Maria Baranco) Nis in 1938 at the height of the civil war in her home with her wife Dawn Aurora amaliyo (Álvaro de Luna) left from the death of his wife. Carol's father Robert (Ben Temple) was a combat aircraft pilot standing in the side of Republicans against Franco and rarely with his family. Aurora is in the past: she married Alfonso Aurora's cool sister Dolores (Lucia Gill), leaving her lover Alfonso (Alberto Gimenez) to marry Robert. Carol's character, her grandfather Don Amalio, but not her 'class' until she met her age: Tommy (Juan Jose Balleta) and his two friends first met Carol, which is the link to Tomichi's love first wakes. When Aurora died of her illness, Carol should survive with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blanca (Luna McGill), and her mother's best friend and marijuana (always bright Rosa Maria Sarda) The beloved father keeps her side. A series of events Carol and Tomé will learn fierce struggles for adults, many of us face more suffering than during a lifetime experience. <br /> <br /> The film is depicted in Galicia and Portugal and cinematographer Gonzalo F. Enhanced by musical score by Berndi and Bingen Mendizabal. Director Immanuel Uribe understands the different approach from Banos and chooses to focus more on futility and cruelty in choosing to focus the story on children. The cast is unusual: the stars are obviously young Clara Lago and Juan Jose Balesta, but they are supported by the best experienced actors in adult roles. This is a visually awesome work with a lasting message and a larger audience than this date. Grady Harp
