Arnold once again performed 80, proving that he was a liner in this future film about the violent game show that the contestant and the contestant do not exist. But the tag line Arnold says it is still! The film begins in 2019, with the global economy slowing down of food and other essential ingredients in a small supply and increases the totalitarian state and controls every aspect of life through TV and police state. This is the most popular game show running man, in which criminals are forced to survive on "stalkers" who live to kill them. <br /> <br /> This film is a food riot in progress in a helicopter mission with Ben Richards (Arnold). He was ordered by his superiors, who had been imprisoned and refused to be thrown in jail, during which they killed people without his help. The government blamed Richards for earning him the title "Bucksfield's Butcher". Eighteen months later, Richards worked with two friends, William Laughlin (Cooto) and Breakout of the compulsive zone working with Harold Weiss (McIntyre). They led the underground route under the leadership of Mike (Mick Fleetwood). Richards was identified as "the Butcher of Fields" and refused to help him, but his friend persuaded him. They want him to join the battle, but he goes straight to his brother and gets a job. As soon as he finds his brother taken away for reeducation and a woman named Amber Mendez (Alonso) has taken his apartment. <br /> <br /> Previously, he finds out who does not help him, but he persuades her, and there is blood for the thieves there to kill. Damon Kilayan (Dawson) is a host of hosts and one of the most powerful people in the country is watching a scene from Richards attacks and he is able to get him to perform after his capture. Richards refuses to play, Kylian threatens to use his friends instead, so he signes the deal. You love that piece. But soon he finds that they have joined him and he certainly knows he will be back. Runners markers, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many other zones and fight characters. Eventually he suspects that he suspects Richard Amber, but he is also caught up in the game. They find the underground and go back to Calian and send him a farewell. <br /> The running man is one of Arnold's greatest films from the 80s. The film is based on Stephen King's book of the same name. Some people say this book is good. I'm sure it's not and I love the movie anyway. Like all of Arnold's movies, acting you can expect a classic one from the Arnold with a liner and a couple in Ventura. But Richard Dawson is unhappy in this film. Being a true game show host he was able to deceive himself and create a really cool character. The entire image also rips over game shows for a while and the big brother you see. They are delighted and some old performances, "hate the boat" to the others. Also do not forget Arnold, Cotto, and Alonso Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole. The reality of all reality TV Nonsense is going to be better now, but I'm sure Hollywood liberals will make a film about "Evil Bush". The new DVD is mostly poor pets only have to meet the ransom only by thieves. ACL brought some communications into the DVD and there was a ridiculous trash of all things Arnold's film should not be anywhere. Blasphemy! Overall, Arnold's fans have grown up over 80 years, and you can not lose it. This was one of the first ones I saw back in the 80s, which is still pretty cool. The future world and humor are great. All 10 out of 10 stars, definitely one of his best.
