Prestigious gas murders a Red Dynasty suit and hood white hood, and suddenly murders him in the hands of a pensioner who is registered by a mysterious masterpiece, who keeps him hiding in the office with turtles and fish aquariums. The inspectors are sure to complete the case with Scotland Yard, IGoachim Fuchsberger and his superior Sir John (Siegfried Shireberg). At the age of 21, the center is surrounded by student Ann Unportand (Uichi Glass) who deals with the great deal of wealth. The targeted girls share a room on the go, but their killing is due to be the best of C's. Some of the staff members of the dormitory feel hiding, and some members of the faculty are killing a person who is wearing a red meat, and wound their necks properly. Two prisoners created a newly created poisoned gas created by a scientist who initially murdered the film and wanted to exchange money for his creation. Driver, Grieves (Günter Meisner) is a clever scheme that meets convicts (who are hiding in the barrel) helping the guilty (corrupt lover). The eyes open to the secret room of the conductor, who ordered them to kill and how to do it. This is a major priority for Higgins and Sir John when exploring this activity. This is true about the murder of the murders. The girls' dormitory headmistress under suspicion, her author's brother, a sweaty, incredible nervous chemistry mentor, a snoop gardener, and bannister. Some red herrings throw the viewer for each loop until they are disposed of, as the original formula is discovered. The end has multiple twists. <br /> <br /> <br /> Whenever you feel like you do not know what to do, I think the villain conductor can see James Bond's influence with the secret hideout with an Alligator Pitt (which is not used) when the fake bible / water pistol starts, the face of the frightened victims, Graves Rohls Royce, without revealing the passenger on the back   ్లాప్లను మూసివేసేందుకు కారణమవుతున్న లాచెస్ మరియు వారి గదులలో బాలికలను గూఢచర్యం చేయడానికి మరియు ఈత కొట్టడం వంటి పిప్ప రంధ్రాలు. అనేకమంది సర్ జాన్ తన బాధ్యత, బఫూన్ ప్రవర్తన మరియు అతను తరచుగా హిగ్గిన్స్ సామర్ధ్యాలను ఎలా అణగదొక్కుతాడు అనేదానిని పరిగణనలోకి తీసుకుంటాడని చాలామంది అభిప్రాయపడ్డారు (బహుశా అది తెలిసిన-అది-అన్ని బ్రిటీష్ ఇన్స్పెక్టర్లను సరదాగా పరిష్కరించుక  I think it was used for comedy relief, especially with psychological analysts and experiments with potential victims, often misunderstood what he was told by Higgins, using skills that his years as a researcher, and instead of following evidence / facts, escapes. The ability direction by trusted Alfred Vohrer who puts pace humming at a nice speed, and the screenplay is full of interesting characters and sensational content .. The fact that adults are suspect most of the surrounding adults, none of them are hit by a whip or firing behind the executions of murdered girls. I say the best of the Qimi genre (which is not the best) because you always look at the sleeve and no one else will be guessing Asus. Finally revealing reveals that too much eye (.. and you get a realistic mind unmasking the real master mentally pulling strings all the way off).
