This was a clause for Gossa's incredible film-making prowess that both Hodikiri and his amazing masterpiece, Goikin, both completed in 1969. Shitaro Catsu Okada Ijo: The loyal Mad Dog Killer of Toda Dynasty, their darling like Akka Kurosawa, played by Bass Tachey and another artist Tatsuya Naakadai. The Tahoshah dynasty is part of the larger alliance that supported the emperor against the Shogunate. The historical background is quite accurate - Japan's growing political confusion between the Imperialists and Tokugawa and the 300-year social and political exclusion in the West is under pressure to end. This helps a lot to know a thing about either the history of Japan and eventually leads to the cancellation of the Meiji Restoration and the wholesale shogunate, but it is not necessary. The film is primarily designed for a Japanese audience, and some things are sanctioned, but it flows very well for the uninitiated. <br /> <br /> The visual palette is a breathtaking, use of external and inner logos behind hiding behind the beauty of images. Style never gossip for style - it was always used in the story of the story. <br /> <br /> And of the story, Hiroqui literally and figuratively dominates Ezo Okada in the lead role. Many Chambara leaders find that Ezo finds himself in a moral double bond, grieving between the giri (responsibility) and ninojo (natural inspiration) - but it takes some time to get to know his grasp. In the first half of the ezo is trying to make social self-improvement. Great progress for a person from a farmer background in the 19th century Japan's rugged social caste system - a social rank with an outstanding daughter and serious aspirations of marriage. <br /> When turning around for ezo, realizing what self-improvement does, loss of identity and resulting in self loss. This time he is a very symbolic version of the "unnamed" drifter, Torozo the Vagrant, from the famous Sword of the Tasha Klan, past or future. Although Yojimbo's technically uncredited and not an artist, his former self and Ego's casting and the loss of Ego's work, such as hope and self-depleting allow Ezo to actually look at and actually redeem himself. <br /> <br /> The final face of both positive and negative is the closure of Hiroshi (I can not disclose here) with the deepest contrasting twist of the last laugh.
