Another Pokemon hit the theater movie, again, I'm listening the same old, "Pokémon dead, blah blah blah." Franchise critics are not wrong. Kids are still playing a trading card game, they are still watching the TV series, they are waiting for Game Boy Advance games and they are "Pokemon the 4th Movie." <br /> <br /> "Pokemon The 4th Movie" Introduces Us Two More "Epic" Pokemon: Suicune, "North Wind", and Celebi, Forest Guardian (and star of the show). In a 40-year future called Celebi, Sam, now Pokemon trainer Ash, his loyal spouse and his friends are traveling through Broke and Misty Zahoto. Sam and Ash became fast friends, once they find Pokémon's other mutual love (Sam's vintage pokeyball with top screw-on tap). Together, they decide to defend Celebi from the villain of the story, and the band named the rocket agent aptly named Vicious, who catches Chelibini for his own ends. Can you save Celby from Ash and Sam Vicious' Dark Balls? Where does Sukunan figure in the film? Jessie, James, and Mewt In the film, which of the following parts is bigger? <br /> <br /> "Like your first 3 movies, you have your dog / niece / nephew / sibling / young sibling / etc." you just dragged it "), then you want to hate it because you decided to hate it. This is a Pokémon movie, and not just exclusively, just plain stupid because it could be "bad Pokemon The 4th Cinema". Fans can enjoy the film without knowing the pokemon's every last detail of the world. Unlike the first 3 Pokemon movies, "Pokemon 4 is not a movie I'm not saying is the Pokemon fan of the film, the movie" Miramax is being distributed, and the rights to the rights of the 5th Pokkman I've heard have been working, Last summer in Japan was released. Miramax claims that it has some bopo-aggressive marketing strategy for "Pokemon The 4th Movie", but there is a weak limited release in everything I've ever seen, which does not initially have a simple patch shortcut, which is what really sees this time. I hope that Miramax is enough to keep the "Broadcast's exciting and desirable" pause in the DVD / VHS release with the future release of "Pokemon The 4th Movie". Current release is the iceberg's peak for just a very entertaining film.
