At the beginning of the late 30s and early 40s, adventure films had a golden age, with budgets rising during the economic recovery, screening entertainment changes from the product code came into effect, and occasional general negligence optimism occurred. Most of these are wild, superhuman, and vicious exploits of heart movements, such as Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Ganga Din, in contrast to its focus, range and tone. The secret of Ganga Din is the Labor Department in its writing team. Ben Hugh and Charles MacArthur are the most talented and well-known writers of Hollywood's golden age, original story. Nevertheless, the original screenplay was the work of Joel Sayre and Fred Geol, both of whom, in particular Giovallo, were funny backgrounds. We have a plot of what is well balanced and engaging in what is from this four, yet smarter with spicy comic touchs. Most of the adventures at this time are very few partially comedians, usually one or two comic-assisted players, but they did not laugh at what they did. Here, all the major characters have jokes objects or roots. We see that the scenes are confusing sunshine. The first major battle scene is a combination of Douglas Fairbanks, Sr.'s silent swashbucklers style, action and deceit. Flynn and power vehicles have largely failed to duplicate. Gunga Din's action must take a break and a lot of talkie scenes for the plot. Anyway, continuing exploits in comedy? Such as spike punch routine ?? This "slow" part is bearable. <br /> <br /> Producer-director George Stevens was natural when he came to this point, cutting his teeth at Hall Roach's studio and almost exclusively directed comedy to this point. This was his first full-feature character, and he did a good job of working hard. His use of the point-of-view motion scenes in particular to make war breaks extra exhilarating. Can you see action films in this era rarely? The sense of true fear and fear. He has shots with shock and foreboding mountains and sets the characters in slums. In the abandoned village and the Tuggie cultures character "Kali!" It's really haunting. This angle of fear comes to other emotions that work here, making us worrying for these preferred characters and making more humorous tensions worse. <br /> <br /> Introduction to the true touch of the genius is introduced to the hero who is named. Because the characters are any kind of expression, he knows visually before he speaks to him or by mentioning him with verbal expression. Because of this, Dean is not an important person in the regiment, but he gives the impression that he quickly becomes a significant figure and a sympathetic person as quickly as he gave his life to threatening and dying men. <br /> <br /> The writers and directors will bow down to all actors who do not have the best efforts. Do not be afraid, because Ganga Din is top notch! Victor McLaughlan and Carrie Grant are ideal because their best characters appear somewhere in the spectrum between drama and comedy. Especially Grant is his best, most trustworthy but occasionally breaking his trademark over-the-top voting and capering. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. does not like his Heavyweight colleagues, but he is not bad. And of course there was Sam Jawf, who cursed his looks to play these wizened little oddballs, but could not have them playing with them respectfully and humanely? I did not set up to exploit the adventures of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, in fact their pictures are the most complete classics I absolutely loved. But Gunga Din makes those swashbucklers even things that never achieve the best. This can be done with a dashing male actor or clutch defending damsel, which some films merge with the action artist successfully before or after the earlier comedy and sympathy. And it's wonderful.
