I would like to give this film to 10/10, but in its current state I can only go to 8/10 tops. <br /> <br /> Baby Face from my limited knowledge on film history is clearly one of the cameras' fractal films. In 1934, the complete anger and practice of the product code was brought. (I do not know what other movie is.) As a result, the film was not re-released in its original avatar in 1934, which was edited to chopped and bits, and the original version exists today. One of the best we can see today is the version of TCM (Turner Classic Movies), but it has a clear revision in most scenes and ultimately a boring "Happy Ending". All of the above mentioned, the film is still pretty darned and fun to watch. Barbara Stanwyck, as always, is absolutely stunning and amazing. She was beautiful and strong; She has a whole movie! She uses her entire life by men, meets local Erie, PA steelworkers and local politicians, if she 's closed, I will sleep with my daughter. <br /> <br /> After that, Stanwick headed her to New York City with her work man. She sets her attention on a skyscraper and literally runs towards her. He starts with a staff clerk at the HR department and sleeps with him to get the entry level at the bank. From there, she sleeps with the man after the man (including a man with a very young John Wayne), using every new person to help his man get the highest land on a high-level job of the skyscraper, which includes sugar daddies with increasingly powerful male masters. Stanwick will have nothing at the top of her. Stanwyck is so much fun to watch her and her maid of fancies mostly in fancier clothes and apartments as the corporate ladder works her way. Stanwyck's ultimate femme fatale, manipulation, is her-vixen in this movie! If you see this movie, I would recommend that you stop when George Brent's character (Courtland Trenchhlm) dies in Stanwick's hands. Skip remaining 3 minutes! The post-code audience hit the "Happy End" at the end of the film was insulting the audience's intelligence and lame belief: the board members were sitting around a table that revealed the Million Dollar donation of Mr. and Mrs. Ternome. The former U.P. Ronnell is now working in steel factories in the bank and Eri, who are happy and poor in cutting the exact footage of a steel factory we saw in the film "The End". PUH-LEEZE - How Lame! The film first succeeded in suicide attempt with George Brent. <br /> <br /> "I'm printing the earlier code version of this movie My lifetime (Update: Original HAS detected and in DVD and / or TCM in 2006!) Until then, I enjoy the TCM version and stop it before the end of the lite-post-post-code.
