"Baby Face" is a very precious drama featuring the beloved Barbara Stanwick, almost unrecognized George Brent and Teresa Harris. It's about a girl who went to the city to make it better ... or I'd say make time. Stanwick's father swallowed his life for one reason or another in Pennsylvania, Eileen, and Eurasian Erie. After her father's death, she knows how long she knows and what kind of big father she really asks about her future is to go to her big city and use the opportunities there - and not the easy ones - and take a high road in life. (Note that I saw the sensor version and not cut it - this part is repeated for sensors) She and Chico (Harris) Lilly (nickname: Baby Face) Go to New York, the low road is very sensitive and she wants to go very fast. In the film's most famous sequence, the Commission moves us to the corporate ladder, from soil to soil to the ground. She eventually cuts herself as a big man and can leave her day job. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck is wearing a lot of makeup and the film is very offensive because one person persuades another person, she is great playing the innocent victim. In one scene, while she looks at the king's ransom order in jewelry, wearing a black dress and decorated diamonds at the top. Then she asks chic for another case, and it is filled with more jewelry, plus securities. <br /> <br /> Teresa Harris has an interesting talent - she is down or glamorous, and talented singer and dancer. Here, she sings the theme of the film or "St. Louis Woman". She has literally worked on dozens of films and is very good at Stanwick's friend, her best work being in the era of Pretoday. As the bizarre sub-product of the code, blacks managed to make less of the films after taking place. <br /> <br /> Pragcop films are sexually ill-tempered, but at the age of 70 may seem more modern. Although these films do not have moral conclusions, the Babyface learns his lessons-how much after it's life. There are many endings of this movie, all of which are with the same message. One view I saw had an extra scene, but apparently, the two other conclusions did not cross the sensors. (There is no sign, but the sensors have always been.) However, this is pretty much a surprise. "Baby Face" is an important film in the history of film - it must be seen.
