I feel how much I need to feel, and viewed because I'm going to review all 2 pictures. When I talk about the 'film', I'm talking about parts 1 & 2, and then, when one of them looks, they should be. <br /> <br /> Thanks to Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh & Benicio Del Toro. This image is refreshing, bold, sand and true movie. And, it recognizes making a new style film. No Fox Drama No swollen sound track. Fox is not a documentary style. Just trying to commit to clean shots and facts. I am reading Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" and recently completed Fidel's self-biographies and this improved my ability to do the film correctly. But I must say that this film is a perfect, lasting and fantastic biography of Jon Anderson, given the right historical backbone. Anderson is an advisor in the film (or 2 pictures). The film is the real thing that it is pure. There is no swollen music or slow movement photography to grow drama and more importantly; No fake documentary motionless camera. Only square shots and straight forward shooting style. The type of used camera you feel is there in the forest. Benício del Toro should give full honors for this, I never doubted him as a cheer throughout the film ... not once. He did a fantastic job and I respect him forever. Some people complained that the film was not just 2 pieces of his life, but overall. But I think that this is one of the real gorgeous things of the film: it does not try to be everything. It does not try to 'tell the story'. A person's life is very versatile to try and say in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the gorgeous beauties of the film, which prevents temptation, and focuses on intent to let us earn CHE, his growling militaristic mind and the forgees around him. It focuses on Time 3 pieces: The Battle to Over Batista, Che's U.N. Gorilla preparations in speech and Bolivia. "Motorcycle Diaries" has already told his youngster and instead replaced S. Soderbergh focused on other issues. I mention the book about Jon Anderson and the movie will be true. The only weak link to me is Matt Damon's casting (not the performance). In a film loaded with truthfulness in life, an American, (Matt Damon) is a clunky stretch to play Bolivian - he's good, but after much attention in casting, it's over-site. Small and completely forgiven. The reality you gave to the rest of the cast and the excellent job of Benicio Del Toro, this list is placed on top of my list. <br /> <br /> The story goes on almost straight into the video and continues to silence its story of how cool war morality is not for 'combat revolutionary Cuban'. <br /> <br /> The film should see, and Jon Antherson's "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" refers to a version. This has been encouraged by the unjust emphasis on our South American neighbors in terms of the expansion of international / political financial chess movements of 40, 50 & 60s.
