Part of our minds is partnering with Part Two: The most wonderful thing about Part Two about Sainthu is not clear why, after the Revolution, why to choose a secession from Cuba. Why does Congo not explain Bolivia's choice of rebellion, and there is no explanation about the political decisions of motorcyclists across South Africa, which Walter Salees gave a leading introduction. The ear is given extraordinary attention to meet volunteers who follow their guerrilla factions. Besides, no one should make any commitment, but dedication to individuals. He was reasonably unacceptable. Cheats the theorem that does not leave the injured person back. But he does not feel that he is directly concerned with his men. <br /> <br /> In Part 1, in Cuba, rebels are welcomed by the people of the villages, with food and cover, supporting what is going to be a successful revolution. There is not much understanding in Bolivia here. The villagers exposed him. They protect the government forces, not his own. When he describes the option of the state medical system, his audience will not lose interest. They can not lead people to revolution if they do not want to obey. Soderbergh shows US military advisors working with the Bolivians, but the United States lacks the decline of Che's. <br /> <br /> When performing two battles, Soderbergh will not be able to build his war scenes with specific results. Che's men are attacked and attacked. Fires with farther attacks. In post-posterior pose, the cut is common, and the number of deaths is not paused. It's not a war film. It's about a reasonably unreasonable drive of a man to endure. There is no extensive cinematography. Soderbergh looks sturdy with Soder's strict dedication. There are considerable stray whistle shots, but being smaller they are more powerful during the final beats like the ear's POV. <br /> <br /> Benicio del Toro and Guevara are short-lived. For filmmakers, it gives the killing performance, because it's simple. He has not been portrayed as cutting-edge like most epic heroes. He has succeeded in Bolivia in Cuba, where he falls to the reverse, and is sometimes harder to recognize the chin and the rig. Del Toro describes a very different approach. You may think that the film is too long. I think there is a real reason for its breadth. Guevara's affairs in Cuba and in particular Bolivia are not a series of episodes and sketches, but it has a power that is constantly called mad. Eventually, Che is commercially a commercial film of all or parts, whose director begins by understanding the underlying limits of movie life and is gradually working on that manner.
