Part II or Gerriella, which is a great achievement, but it is not entertaining as PART I, since we are beginning to witness that Che Guevara's fall and death occurred. Once again, I am impressed by the reason and influence of the stories that I have put together. The main character, Che Guevara is an Argentine again and again. Some men in Fidel's army chose not to take orders from the alien and now he has not left a determination to succeed the Boat revolutionary, and he is not very respected from his new army and natives, he is only an alien. <br /> <br /> Before going to technology, Part II will show some highlights on the right after the map's performance. The previous installment was only to refresh the memory of his characters and set himself up for what he was doing, to understand the audience that his methods were successful in Cuba, but they did not work in Bolivia. This is evident in this segment, not as attractive as Fedel Castro. In Bolivia he deals with some of the soldiers, whose hearts are not entirely. It is valuable for the revolutionary aspect. Well, it's a tough sell because they do not make it very quick for their country. <br /> <br /> I would like to see a particular scene that describes Che's decline, and his horse is trying to direct how bad it is, and then his temper has made him better, and for a moment he forgets a doctor and he's on his own horse This will be a desperate soldier. His army is like a horse that can not lead. But at the same time, the movie drags, part II intent that relies on small comos from known celebrities, if you briefly feel for entertainment and just for the most part, you get pounds left and right by one obstacle after another, but maybe there may be .. . We stand for cinematography that gives the first person an opinion during the final breath. Why the Che Guevara can not answer these questions can be why he can turn the wine back. The story of the odds is against him and why he wants South America to have the same task in Cuba.
