Surprise me that I actually had the courage to see bio flick or flicks "Che: Parts 1 & 2". Why? Because the parents of my Cuban exiles find that I have seen this movie about this deadly mass murderer of the Cuban Revolution, and I stand for life. Huh? I am an elder and they can not give me any Moss. Director Steven Soderbergh and New Mommy (sorry Steven, but I have to take sodor shots here) This Commander Ernesto divides "Guevara" into two parts of Guevara's revolutionary life. "Che: Part 1" Cuban President Fulgencio joined the guerrilla staff of Chedla Fédel Castro in the mid-1950s during their revolutionary quest to demolish the Batista regime; We know a revolutionary victory for them, but many Cubans like the communism rebellion which is a tremendous guerrilla catastrophe. "Che: Part 2" T-shirt revolves around the T-shirt industry by stimulating T-shirts with his terribly barefaced face to T-shirt manufacturers. Well, I'm chopping the trash on your way! At the end of the 60th century, when trying to bring the revolution back to poverty-bolivia, I had a lot of hands with different hands. By the time he captured and killed the Bolivian Army in 1967. During the two events in Cheber's life, Soderbergh ordered La Cabaña Fortes Prison in Cuba, where many Cubans who opposed Communion killed him. Soderbergh decided to see "Che" with the hope that he would not have a glamor and did not do the following work and decided to present Guevara as a revolutionary leader who was grateful to God Now, he's probably at the bottom of the devil barrel. Back viewer and Cheyo are very commanding, and accept Benisio del Toro's performance as merit valuable. And Demi Bichir is a dead Ringer who died as a murderer of Fidel Castro in his precise performance. But the rest of the cast of "Che" is the casual performances of actors who primarily portray the Guerrilla soldiers. And as I admire Matt Damon, why not throw him in a revolutionary mix in a Spanish-speaking guest appearance that plays a Bolivian spokesman for Sodiorg? Soderbergh does not need to display this biopic, it is mostly "talked and not enough action" within 4 hours and 30 minutes. We already have so many sweets and shirts, so why should we give more? But I guess when horns (you're here Steven) del Toro, I guess I'm your protected bounty that I do not run "Save: Part 1 & 2" completely. *** average
