Che Guevara's biography of Steven Soderbergh saw Gerrilla, without much intelligence of the previous film watching. At the same time, I'm very scared, it's a huge history lesson and an unrepentant love-letter to the iconic revolutionary. It turns out that this film exceeds my expectations. <br /> Guerrilla works great as an independent movie. The unsuccessful attempt to drive a revolution in Bolivia is then a compelling tragedy in the military regime. Che's arrival to lead guerrilla war is an unfortunate loss of the initial inspiration brought by anonymous. Steep up against the odds revolutionaries. Some of the difficulties that the US supports in supporting the Bolivian military, the rainforest, the suspicious locals and the failure of Che's failure. <br /> <br /> Soderbergh's role is not much criticized by the cadre, but the film is not a gagiography. This style is a bit refreshing, with the subtle and influential soundtrack of Alberto Iglesias, adding a silent drama to several scenes. Che was undoubtedly the center of the film, but his face was very small and encouraged people fighting with him and sometimes fighting against him. Cherbourg wishes to demonstrate Chey's principle, where we see small sections of the smallest leaders, who questioned both fellow guerrillas Chel's leadership and emphasized the sacrifice he left behind Cuba to fight for the revolution. </ Br> <br /> The direction across is amazing. Part two feels tightly edited despite its narrow focus and feels the audience can communicate a great deal through the pictures without the need for a narrator to spell things out. At the beginning of the film we saw some small clips of luxurious parties after Revolutionary Cuban, and immediately gave us ideas as to why we thought we would sacrifice our old life to fight again in another country. Later, moving the guerrillas' movement through endless rainforests stands out as a panoramic view and helps create an enormous sense of work before the small group of revolutionaries. <br /> <br /> The problem with the image is the distance between the viewer and me, which makes it harder to understand him as a man, although we allow it to understand the context of the rebellion and the people around him. True, Benicio del Toro is fully convincing in the title role? It's very hard to remember how much you're watching the actor. Nevertheless, looking at Guerrilla as a standalone film, we are given a valuable little insight into Che's ideas, words and actions. In the first episode of Soderbergh's biography it was supposed to be much more (and I still have not commented), and I'm looking forward to seeing both the strength of the prequel.
