I sat in two parts last night and briefly returned to the bathroom break, and I can not remember when 4 hours expired. I intended to stay in my mind for a week before, because directors, producers and editors had a real "thing" over the long-term epic that I had before, and I was perfect for the film for 2 to 2.5 hours overall. So 4 hours my tolerance limits seemed stretching and I was very skeptical about the whole company. But I say this beautifully? Can i say love I saw the movie and I'm really happy with it. Director Steven Soderberg has clearly appreciated his attention. <br /> <br /> Ernest 'Che Guevara Argentina doctor. Fidel Castro Fulgencio Batista by the 1959 Cuban Revolution. When I was a child in the 1960s, Che's movie was everywhere; Bed shower wall posters, T shirts, in magazine covers. Che has previously been exploited. If you are based on popular images, a good man, a summary of revolutionary fictitiousism. If he is bizarre butt, has he ever wondered if he was so popular in public speculation? Motion pictures were featured in films, particularly the 2004 Fantastic Motorcycle Diaries, featuring beautiful Gale Garcia Bernal, who did not capture the South American tour and the young Chee who saw local poverty. I have not thought that I have finally deleted the story from the beginning, and these two parrots are a prestigious plan. I hope to pay for Soderbergh but I feel that I will not be able to succeed immediately. <br /> <br /> The first film (The Agent) shows Che's meeting with Che Guevara in Mexico and traveled to New York in 1964 and then to Cuba to launch their travel revolution. Clever black and white paintings look like a contemporary film but not. When the second film (Guerilla) rejoined in 1966, Bolivia approaches a new revolutionary movement. The second film is entirely in the forest. As far as I can see, it's mostly portrayed in Spain, but I still believe that I'm still responsible for the film. <br /> <br /> Personally, the Argentine (i.e. part) was very easy to see and I certainly felt more entertaining in the movie. The feeling, because it is fun. They won; The revolution will succeed. Che led an uneven band of farmers, workers and intellectuals in revolutionary cause in his element. The second part is very difficult to see due to the uncertainty of his defeat. Recently Valkyrie - as well as a good film - is a workout in the testimony of heroic failure, so I thought it was the same for both (Guerilla). We know at the beginning of his death, we know that he has failed. This is frustrating because the way the story tells is clear that the revolution of Bolivia's failure has failed; Chu is considered a foreign intruder and has failed to connect with the indigenous people as he did with the Cubans. He is persuaded by persistence, because in other countries, he must go to successful and successful companies and know where to go. This film is not very romantic for him. He kills, he struggles with his asthma and leaves him alone and then leaves his wife alone, increasing the number of five unborn children. <br /> <br /> A wonderful workout in classic movie making. A note; I remembered the end of Butch cache, striving to pick up US-trained Bolivian soldiers and his small band fighters one by one. I almost turned to my husband and said, but he thinks that such ideas are thick and out of place. When we left the theater he returned to me and said, "Did you think Buch was the last as Cassidy?"
