Part Two picks ... Where did the last movie come from? As part of Quinn-Conventionality of Steven Soderbergh's epic 4+ hour event, two of Che's stories are said to be classic "Rise" and "Fall" scenes. In Part Two, Che Guevara left the job as Cuba and after a failed attempt in Congo (as stated in the film), going to Bolivia and another wild-style style revolution. Perhaps the Communist and Revolutionary Aftermath's exhilaration, and partly due to America's intervention to the Bolivian government, and in reality Castro's second part is difficult, but in some ways is more intelligent than the first. Guevara makes little sense of frustration from his men and the fraudulent continuity of his surroundings, as the swords and nearby farmers and finally hatching, makes sense of continuous errors through large military forces. But what's still going on is that Guevara does not give in, no matter what, a magnificent power or a lethal error- this can be found- maybe both- but it's clear how it starts to see a completely chei, completely rounded, then something more sympathetic. True, he killed, executed, and justified all the paths. But it starts to work on the viewer. <br /> <br /> Guevara's health has led to a surprising stabbing of this horse, which is known to be the most memorable and satisfying in any of the film this year. <br /> <br /> Again, the mandate of the Soderbergh narrative is strong, on occasion, slightly slow (meaning due to the big running time), and one or both scenes are completely odd (Matt Damon?), but these are small responsibilities. Looking at this time directly to the color camera approach, it is like a pure army-style war film, a lot of caution for the men in the group, as well as the Guevara Lord-this group, and how the final scene is reduced. And as always, Dell-Toro in his every game, in every scene, each one knows the person well- and worse - as close to the other as possible. Overall, Che's two parts make an impressive package: the history of play in the inspirational style is good for audiences, even if they do not know him well, it is better not to think of him. It's unique. 8.5 / 10
