Throwing everything from rebellion in Cuba to his secret encounter in Bolivia, both in Søderberg's Che Guevara's role as a tragic hero. Just like me Part of it is determined by the colorful mountains of Bolivia, rather than the satisfaction of the rambling guerrilla warfare, so the film is appreciated at Cannes (and particularly the performance of Benicio del Toro). <br /> For example, James Roche calls this artwork "not a revolutionary story," but "himself a revolution." Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian described this as a "flawed masterpiece". Did I return to my original controversy for Part One ?? The value is particularly depicted in the hero figure. And at an age when a poor hero role models have surfeit a surprise, is not it a way to see a strong respectable one, even if it removed some of the less endearing parts of his life? It is a great Scottish Scottish essayist Thomas Carlyle embedded in his seminal book, Heroes and Hero Worship. Heroes can be true or imaginary (or somewhere in the middle). But for greater goals, we really need to inspire more for greater benefits. Compare with the dubious "heroes" of the classic Western heroine: Does a person suffer trials and hardships before getting a credible reward? Normally eternal love or material wealth? By divine studio intervention. Real heroes have an extra of moral courage ?? The Arc does not lose courage-devilishness or James Bond super toys. They grow, and grow to others, that's fine. In Part One, I succeed. In Part Two, he failed. It does not need good moral courage, but a) Because all good plans are unsuccessful and b) As a human being, mistakes are inevitable. <br /> <br /> Guevara's intellectual clarity is that the armed struggle can succeed when he supports armed struggle. <br /> <br /> The high-rise colors of the mountains from La Paz are breathtaking. Part One (the US does not allow the film to be sodaberbg in Cuba) has winds that have rarely motionless mice-n-scene authenticity. Red cameras to maximize natural light and probability and realism. It is a high performance digital camera with 35mm image quality and pure digital capability. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package will weigh just 9 pounds. Soderbergh said that "shooting with retro was the first time the beetles were heard." "Red looks as I see, so organic, is very beautiful with a very beautiful phenomenon." With the successful Cuban revolution, it almost led him to spiritual oppression. The failure of Bolivia does not mean that he has human limitations, which brings to mind his moral virtues, not political success. Critics say And with some justification - his armed struggle was inspired by the lesser contribution to the tin-pot dictatorships. <br /> <br /> The development of guerrilla combat strategies is neither good nor bad in itself (and has been both supported). <br /> <br /> But for its admiration, the film is often dramatic and narrative emotion. When we know that his death will be fulfilled, we make a mistake from one spirit to another. I found that I was glittering in my clock and I thought it would be short. But what has gone into this work ?? Gothere among the public from all sides, and one of the former-cameras of Guevara as the coach of actors in the Ministries of Bolivian Operations? Please appreciate this movie. It may not be the top of the entertainment, but it demonstrates the integrity of documenting the important role in history. <br /> <br /> Here is another important factor in the film 'Hero'. It's about failure. If you try to do the best, even if you fail, your endeavor is not in vain because others can give hope and moral courage. It is a martyr who is called martyr, and can be seen in many religious figures. But not sacrifice himself. He is the best of what he does, the best of his inadequate ability, and such an example. <br /> <br /> For a long time of the US and Cuba's illegal immigration (called 'freedom') & 2 are good to be wasted in America, the film invites you to be very proud of a controversy. Somebody should expect that many audiences will be able to see the bias and the inevitable participation of the partisans. <br /> If you do not hear about Che Guevara or Part One, or if you can not get the word 'murder', it will rebuild Soderbergh. Without tension in Marxist 'mouth, I struggle to imagine where you come from this film. Those who have it all, and can do.
