Now, plausible, I'm not the most exciting student of the genre. I suppose they are regularly distributing tiresome retreats, even though America's primal stories (or whatever) are more complicated casts, because in fact, the insurgency, "" big gun, "or" hey, let's know force! "In other words, it was not for me, so it left a valuable small room for innovation or realism, including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My Darling Clementine, and the infamous [but extreme dull] Clint Eastwood - and yeah, "See at least some of them, and unapologetically lubricate them with this negative assessment <br /> <br /> I am in this film I have seen in TV - as part of Jimmy Stewart's weekend - I finally do it: at least I understood that the doctrine of Western myths is to offer a radical themed worship (just from action and thrillers), push-pull between illegal and order; West advocates freedom, but the prospect of the forest is unnamed, honorable The folklore did not hurt there - perhaps - it was not intended for respectable folklore and only residents should be innocent and shifty, and those who have definitely judged from their revolver barrel and where the law of the earth must be killed or killed. In such a situation, there is enough sense of justice to believe that true leaders are in the first place (and rejecting the "society" as they are directly shown on the east coast), with enough art and freedom to stay in the first place, and yet society is not just right based on chaos and fear . Catching and observing the odds between the law and disorder in the main character HIMSELF, I (after seeing this film), is no Western highest and true goal. Since the white hats are whiteness, the black ones are completely black (and start talking about the Indians, not right) and the smallest shades of ash in the center. "No one this one. Jimmy Stewart plays a blatant weird hunter following the preliminary effort of his predecessors into the wilderness of Alkon for the prospect for gold. He's with his lifelong friend, Walter Brennan (probably the ending of Western Cliché's role - but always enjoyable) - and there is no one. They're out of themselves, and we're basically a self-centered, self-interested character when Stewart shows his patent appeal (we can not really hate that guy, right now?), We are primarily a self-centered, self-interested character: by his "gosh" or "oh goli gee" No one is allowed. Or, rather, I must have gotten, at the end of the film, as described above. He will have to face himself illegally. It must be against the need for justice in order to serve as the starting point for miners in the border town so that their gold dust can be. This town was nasty sheriff Mr. Gannon firmly ruled, and I played one of the best "bad guy" shows by John McIntyre. He comes with a lot of charm and humor, and with such a relaxation and curiosity with Stewart, actually takes a while to identify him as a bad guy - so it will sink in the end, it's double power. Furthermore, by establishing a kind of breeze between the McIntyre and Stewart (if not a guard), the film plays the feeling that they are really characteristic - and how much moral distance should be the end of Stewart's film. <br /> <br /> I walk through all the turns Going back and taking the plot - as well for you (tough and brahman Alkaskan view of things - the places depicted, can not make up your mind, the studio manufactures). The film has only enough actions and adventures to prevent the film from being constantly stationed (read: "talkie") from time to time, which gives attention to the role of the protagonist, the time to spend great time and time interactive. Certainly one of the great performances he has seen from Stewart, showing that he could not play in rebellion, just as man's man is just as good and upright aside next to the guy. If anything, in fact, his "everyone" qualities make his character more powerful, making him less mythical or extreme - as Eastwood or John Wayne - and three-dimensional personality. <br /> I'm fine with her relationship with Bremennan: "The Western" from George and Lenny "Mice and Men" certainly look more Western, but this is now my favorite, and I necessarily judge all others yardstick. It deserves to be well-known and appreciated.
