Fox and Child is the latest film by Penguins filmmaker French Luc Jacquette. There is only one man in the youth actress Bertel Noel-Bruunau, who tells a rare, seemingly unreliable story between a child and a wild fox. <br /> <br /> Part-Natural Documentary, and Part-Fairy Tale, The film, L'Infant, focuses on the child, in a beautiful setting, perhaps in France, on the way to school one day. In the coming weeks, the baby will return to the place where she opened her fox, seeing one of her days, and she begins to call Lilly again. So it will continue. Turn weekend a week, and then the summer disappears, and then promotes some amazing cinematography of the winter, sweeping, white winter landscape. Eventually, spring comes again, and the little boy finds his fox, and actually increases friendship with the animal. <br /> I have no expectation for Fox and Child. I saw the path of Penggins and got scared in the film that was filmed in the film. Luke Jacquet is the most talented and rare filmmaker, and I look forward to some amazing, breathtaking cinematography, sweeping vistas and wildlife wonderful footage. It was delivered in spades. But here is the Jacquette screenplay credit, and I have a little different than first seen in 'March', even if it does not know anything about the film before screening. Fiction story. <br /> <br /> The child and the fox and the story is very simple. A young, seemingly lone child lives in the middle somewhere in the middle and walks the school every day, seemingly his own, seemingly without a care in the perfect world. Without an adult reference in view. Brilliant. <br /> <br /> You have to remove your own impression in this movie and put it in the target audience boots. It was a straight-line picture of children from the age group, I said six and earlier. Or a race on a wet Sunday afternoon of their race to fancy families. Recently, not a 31-year-old male who gained his kicks from fantastic wanted and such films. But, for me the new London critic, I put in the excited eight-year-old girl boots for 95 or minutes of Fox and Child. Now, I have some problems with this picture. A 31-year-old lad, and all things trusted lover cinema, I loved wildlife and landscape photography. It's visually amazing. Run brilliantly in the direction of animal characters - as good as you will find any of Attenborough's efforts. As a small, small task of eight years old, I loved the first half hour - then I lost interest. It's a little repetitive and a little kid, especially in the most violent and bloody scary places for the dark end. As a 31-year-old males - I was scared of places. <br /> <br /> So, this is not a child image. It's not really an adult film and I felt a little bit relaxed. This is a good family image. Depends on. It's probably education, and the movie has a message. It certainly is not a movie I paid hard to go green and I'm racking my brains to try and recommend a certain type of image gower. It's very difficult, but I know some people will fall in love with this movie. If you feel a lot of European and you're a fan of wildlife fans, try it once. Idea? Well then I'd wait for a wet Sunday afternoon DVD. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
