I can not comment on this film personally without discussing its importance. The bad health in childhood always prevented me from going to the film. I first encountered first world films by Roger Manville's amazing penguin book "Film", and my health has brought me a lot of pleasure when I want to buy another copy to read again. My acquaintance in many classic films such as The Battleship Potemkin, Driffters (Grierson's excellent documentary), Metropolis, The Cabinet of Dr. Calgary and Ecstasy; The book was originally subsequently featured in the Art House film at my university. After Emmel's Emmel left her, after her divorce, and a brief swimming in swimming, Roger Manville ignored the subjects of the tales, and the film was echoed by many IDDB customers - a successful, extraordinarily beautiful, love. A very lonely young man, when I see, I willingly agree. There is no further chance to see Ecstasy emerging until the introduction of home videos - by then it became a wealthy memento to be disturbed. Recently, I finally added an ecstasy to my home video collection, and this estimate is very subtle. The ecstasy of the continuity of the human existence is much higher, and the individual lives are very small - perhaps the term 'lifeforce' by Bernard Shaw is a tribute to his unfortunately agnostic writing. <br /> <br /> The ecstasy is a young bride who marries a middle-aged man. Despair, she returned home and divorced. She encounters during her horse riding as soon as a young scholar has experienced a strong mutual attraction. She has grown up for the first time and this is a great experience. Her ex-husband does not face a rejection and the young man wants to cross a left in his car. But the train stops in time and clearly takes to restore the hotel near a sick driver he later commits suicide himself. After these exciting climacteric sequences, with a tragic, imaginative and almost impossible ending, individual human lives exhibit both joy and tragedy, and life will continue to move forward all of us in the stream and we can only be happy with contributing to this stream. This story is simple, not more than acting; And generally such a film has disappeared in the trash, and its contemporaries have long since done. Its classic status given by Ecstasy is an unusual cinematography, a continuous lyrical score and a very cautious way, which is very important but cinematic is very important - it was planned after sound introduction and possibly a silent film. This subtitle and its director use the effect of brief sound scenes, along with some subtitles, and occasionally carry the picture in love. It's almost exclusive but it's very rewarding to see. The story in the story is stressed continuously but it is fully understood when reflecting while watching. For example, names - Eva and Adam; On his wedding night Emil's obsessive behavior proved to be the most important thing in his life and his last suicide as he did not have enough purpose to sustain him; The beautiful sequences showing romantic imagery are the continuing sequence (a flower pollination, locking a key, and a braking necklace during the loving range of Eva's virgins with Adam); And the final post-suicide scenes are filmed in a number of ways, but it is useful to emphasize some kind of performance that is suitable for the society, as well as providing a new life to continue this society. <br /> <br /> By 1933, I would rate this movie at 9 - compared to contemporary writings, I would not cut the bottom 8 below. For me this film is always "must see" I think it might suggest some bias in this judgment on the above mentioned above). Unfortunately, North America's contemporary estimates of the film have provoked Hedy Keisler's brief and relatively minor nude scene in the 1930s, and she was in trouble in Hollywood (some critics, Hula, Bad to Gods Country, Sky Bird or DW Griffiths and CB Demille The first act of nude actress in a movie T form also incorrectly suggested). <br /> <br /> If the scene was probably part of the original novel, the film was very different if the director chose to rewrite it. <br /> Two thoughts; First it was a Czech film released in 1933. After a few years their country became the first victim of Nazi oppression, its last message relating to the hard work of making positive profit in society was relieved by its audience. At least in two generations (when I see the film for the first time, I do not remember opening these scenes - were they removed from the copy?). Secondly the true beauty things are often too transitory even though its main message today is to stay one for a lifetime of their beauty. We all have to thank all of us today to be captured in the camera and see again at our convenience.
