I can understand how fans of filmmaker Roman Polans love this film - I can understand how some people completely hate (Ebert did not understand why people did not work from the theater). After a first look, I'm not sure I'll either fall into the category, but enough to have enough of fun for its running time to rent someone who can not get enough of Kafka and extravagant dark comedians. Or perhaps not - if it's a half-time twilight zone episode, it's a sophisticated coda called Trekovsky (or who is the bed in the band? It is very similar to the disgusting character, but the more dilemma Argued that it is clear, and very frankly, good <br /> <br /> Previously higher In Poland, a Polish colony of Paris, recently an apartment taken by Simon Choule, passed away from her window to death and died soon, but other tenants were more conservative with noise, some friends with Tchaikovsky's Saturday After night, the fir of noise too It's not happening again, but a little nervous tenant tells the good nature of the Polanski, but there is no peace even when moving the cabinet or chair .. Coming soon Complaints against another tenant, but from him? This is not a bad falsehood, but the lack of peace of mind and self with people around them. In the midst of a horrific dream, Terrakovsky was demonstrated by the Polanski tension (and, I dare to say black-comedy laughs), between Polanski's strongest scenes- and finding the teeth in the wall <br /> <br /> But, somehow, the movie is really It looks like side by side. Since Tergovsky's tenants seem to be limited to some time, it is not as much a suspense as finding a real brain-f *** machine: they do not have much surprise when they're not really out of the way, which makes the mental illness more self-satisfying. At least once or twice I did 'why did Polanski himself do the title role?' He is not a bad actor, and he has appeared in many films and plays that are not in its own direction. But in the course of his movements, when he thinks he's really taking him out to look at the embarrassment and confusion, or killing himself, a transition to see that his transformation is less creepy than the tongue-tears. While Paulens worked well, it was a sympathetic and strongly captured Tergovsky, that I could see at least some other actors, who were able to influence more sensitivity and personality. By the time he sees him in the drag, it goes between the tear-worthy and the true camp, especially for the double-climax in the end (which is, of course, surprising). <br /> <br /> And yet supporting cast cast and see more digestive characters (Ways and Strain Through Douglas limited characters, do this best) And look for the film-buff and Polanski fan Unexpected like Polanski and Azanie Moments Bruce Lee is in the film, or when he really gets drunk or in a random scene he Campivestunnappudu small child near the fountain, hot and heavy. It's a very good movie, and I can keep my eye on most coffee after midnight. But the important picture? Not sure.
