I absolutely agree with everyone who has seen this movie and it's very creepy. Other images of Polanski's unofficial trilogy are crazy, but they are very strong, but they all deal with the same thing, they all deal with the mind. Certainly people who are so gracious are very crazy, each of them still sent my daughter to me. Once again you see two more pictures that you've seen, I'm sure you'll find this very creepy, because you'll feel like the trapping of the typical polans that you're caught up with, he learns about this and you're teasing the usual things, every time Trlkovsky slowly I'm bracing myself for a jumpIrugutundi, maybe it's just me, but it is very subtle, but it is thought that, moments. This acting is pretty good, mostly from the polanski of course, most of the other roles in the movie are not all that much of the main hawa. Polans has proven himself to be a great filmmaker, not only for directing and writing great films, but in fact he can also act. I do not think any other good person who has removed Trellowski's role has been settled by the Polans. I've seen myself, it's really like the film's main cast of the film, just like the pictures here. <br /> <br /> One thing I do not like How much do you respect about this film highlight their incredible versatility and talent How was this done in English? For those who do not know, this is a French cinema, American economy, and even to make it more commercially successful, which has mostly been done in English. There are parts that have been dubbed it is very clear when they get dubbed to get full wrong guy dub, and I do not know why, but time 3/4. It's a dub when it's apparently spoken, but they've got a very annoying person to voice-over, I have a serious pain to hear her talking, she has a long pitch voice and I heard it a little, it seems almost fake, but I Not to see what point, she is a small character. The Good, The Bad and the Ugly, is the high standard of another movie that made this film debut when I was shooting French and parts of English if they left it because dubbing was not a pain and a near (two completely different movies, I know). I'm sure it's not a big problem when it comes to, it's not annoying, but I'm in there, I'm sure it will last long enough to read what they say, even if you do not speak French. /> <br /> What's so great about Polanski is that you know his style, you're in a few items, but really, you can not see what's behind that corner, allowing you to think you know him. The film is much more open to explanation than the other two films, and I think it's really strong. I personally feel I'm coming next, I think these three are the best, but they are all very close to their level of greatness. The finish is fantastic, it is very easy to get somewhere and cut it for a very long time to get out. I just have my personal opinion that I've rambled and left at that, which I can choose to think more. <br /> <br /> <br /> And if I really do not give any insight on what makes this film so great, I do not think so I'll do it quickly here. If you like the disappointment and / or the baby of Rosemary, I assure you that at least you enjoy this movie. For those who are most unfortunate to this movie I have seen, I recommend that you review your movie, which is a very creepy film, especially ultimately, dealing with your mind, even mental disorder, but it is fraught with frustration.
