An example of an image did not come well when it was made, but it raised its standing time. The most interesting work by 'Tenant' Polanski is the first of its European immigrants. It is in Paris, and in many other exotic movies, the city, its streets, the Sinin, and especially in the show, play an important role. Polans has chosen to play as a pole when he goes to the West, rather than as an American (for example 'Frantic'). There is a lot of personal commentary on the film's directorial debate in the life of the crisis, and the decision to play the main character (and it's skillful). <br /> This is a circular story. The leader of the Trekovsky hired an apartment in the Old Parisian building, which is the first of the most ruthless old or just ludicrous neighborhoods. The previous tenant attempted to commit suicide by jumping out of the flat window, and Tlelkovsky took only a short time to visit her in the hospital before she died and her young and beautiful girlfriend Stella (her first role is to meet a wonderful Isabelle Adnan 'Troufaut's' L'Histoire d'Adelle H' after). Soon the neighbors do not seem to see what they are, it's a conspiracy to make him mad or to enter the role of the dead girl's life and role. He battles, strives to run, enters the game and ends up entering the circle and slowly becomes her. This circle is closed. <br /> <br /> We do not live in the story of the film but the slow decline of psychology is the mood of the hero, in the game of permanent balance between reality and miracles. For some it does not happen on the screen, but how it happens, the traditional 'Knife in the Water' Polynski has spent more than a decade before the end of the Polish period. There are many details that have never been unrecognized, but it must be mysterious movies and this is how life is sometimes. The concept of claustrophobia slowly contaminates the viewer. Unfortunately the graphical details in the final part of the film are not well implemented and English speaking dialogues (the film is made in English) neutralizes almost the whole atmosphere. However, waiting for the final punch scene is valuable to patience. <br /> <br /> It is not the best film ever built by Paulens, but has a lot of good parts, which shows the hand and the director's style and is an important step in his career building.
