Anthony Mann's Westerns with Jimmy Stewart earned the director a good director as the director with John Ford and Howard Hawks. He knows exactly how to give a nice Guy Stewart - Jimmy has a edge that has proven to a slow audience in the films. Stewart's relationship to his brother in Wincher's '73 and it turned him into a film of vengeance. Here it is "I believe only" attitude, which can lead to a problem after another. (As Jeff Webster) had killed two of his controversial cowboys (they were not clear about it - they wanted to leave cattle, or they tried to steal cattle). <br /> He encounters his match at Skagway, the port he takes to bring his flock to Dasson. Skagway's owner "Gold Rush" Jefferson is a lawyer known as Gannon (John McIntyre) who recounts the true owner of Skagway in "Sape" Smith and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that Smith or Bean was not as serious as Gannon to make anybody earning money. Stewart's herd disrupted a public execution - so the flock was confiscated (then penalty fine) (then sold for Gannon's profit). <br /> <br /> Partner with Stewart Ben (Walter Brennan - Judge Roy Bean unusually his last Oscar Play). They also join the Ruby Morris (Jay C. Flippen), who also meet two women, the sophisticated Rhonda Castle (Ruth Roman) and the friendly and useful Renee Walloon (Corenie Calvert). Ronda had worked with Gannon but helped Jeff before fleeing officers in Seafore. Nevertheless, Jeff has a similar "I Only Believe" attitude. She offered her a job for Delson. He, Ben and Roebe, will depart at night (when others sleep) they went back and stole their cattle. Rebecca came down and warned them that Conan and his colleagues were following. Gannon had a long time to bring a cattle flock to the Canadian border, though Ganfon suggested that Jeff Schwyville may wait until he returns through Gonan. <br /> <br /> When Rhonda and Jeff returned to the party to go back to Dasson, Jeff chose a long and safe way. As he has been proven correctly, they have to go through his way and meet Dawson, because the community is an illegal element of threatening the community. This herd was sold to Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Ruby, and Renee were beginning. There are two groups in Dawson's town soon. Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson want to build a good town. But the Monies Month is not a station in Dawson. Cannon is concentrated around the "Dancinghall", run by Rhonda, with guns in Cannon, his gun guns (slugs Robert J. Wilke - Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen in a sequence with a really scary, Jack Elim, and Harry Morgan). Jeff wishes to run both the way, he goes to a ranch with his new fortune, where he wants to stay with Ben. But do they come there? <br /> Do Jeff be neutral? <br /> All these shows are with steady. Brennan is one of his patented old codgers, and he suddenly impresses with good coffee. Flippen is first drunk, but tragedy and responsibility move him in a better mind - and Stewart is the man who has the opportunity to cut Stewart in the heart using his own words. Magnitude Taylor replaced Ward Bond in the Walden Train, but his work in Man's films showed his criticism as a villain (he would be able to defeat himself in his virtual post opportunist Vichiers '73). Wherever he is in this thread, he is really smile - but he has the sense of humor. Roman is an interesting blend of opportunistic and human, whose fate is determined by her good feelings. And Calvert is a voice for conscience and a boundary called "gigi", who knows she is more than a child but a junior woman. <br /> <br /> Best of all, Canadian Rockies Background - Monument Valley use by John Ford Man made the first rate job directing the film, and the viewer appreciated the results.
