This is a story of increasing relationships between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman). Jeff is instantly interested in Steamer's brief encounter with Skagway on the deck, which takes time when her hiding in the cabin when the officers demand him in the murder case. They have some things in addition to the attractiveness of animals. A member of the opposite sex is not trusted, and both of them married wives who cheated them. Gradually, they learn to trust each other because they travel from Skagway to Dassenon. But Ronda has clearly had close dealings with corrupt sheriff Ganon and participates in some shadows in his castle salon in Skagway. She should eventually decide between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, René, a young innocent French woman also prefers Jeff with an instant, but only returns Infinity Brush Offs. However, she sticks with him from Skagway to his activities around Dasson and Dawson. In addition to Rafa, she regains her health back in his golden suit for killing Gunnan's Gunslinglings. Walter Brennan, who is Ben, acts as Jeff's long-lived existence. He does not have a meaty role, but Jeff's hard edges work smoothly. <br /> <br /> <br /> John McIntyre (Like Sheriff Gannon) Perhaps the attractive nasty urban owner can ever be seen in the film, along with his intimidation. Apparently, he sees something in Jeff, and repeatedly declares that he likes him. He has done reliable incarnation of infamous Sophie Smith, who spent his last years in Skagway, one of the main figures of his time. <br /> <br /> Jeff is a philosopher Anthero, a loner Ben), although others do not want to stick his neck, although he knows he is the right person for the job. In this case, he was like Burt Lancaster's role in "Vera Cruises", for example. Hence, he refused to leave Jeff Dasson's Marshall job, convinced Gannan's departure to leave Dawson with the obvious intentions of legitimate golden arguments for everyone, leaving some miners out and leaving Dawson. Ronda also suggests that she and Jeph Dasson make a different departure when they are still living. Then, Jeff's heart has a sudden change, and Ben still wishes with the intention of revenge for Ben's filming. He is the opposite of the hero in the boycott of Gannon's gang from Dawson. In this case, he differs from Lancaster's character, he never regrets (but Jeff has really changed or retaliated for his own interests?) I am a plot 2 principle. Apparently, Rhonda comes to the right woman to tie Jeff. Although she was clearly described as a "bad" girl, Jeff painted her in the past, painted at least 5 people in the US or Yukon and stolen her cattle from Gonan. Ironically, as soon as he turns hero from Jeff Anti Hero, Ronda walks down the street and Jeff warns Gannon's imminent attack. As a result she will die and Jeff looks at her (his relatively just abandoned Creed!). <br /> <br /> Like Renee Corin Calvert, a reliable substitute for Dead Ronda, in the mind of Jeff. However, the uniform scene is apparent, they sit together, while Jeff does not show a kiss or a hug. Her job was somewhat compromised in the randa's salon of chainsaw, a innocent woman who pulled out her gold dust, poured the dust on the ground and then restored it. <br /> <br /> "The gang of Jeff and Gannon" If the grenade had any expertise with a pistol, Jeff had killed him or severely injured Jeff before him.How did Jeff's badly shot right up with the right hand shot suddenly become a gun shoot easily? I also know what Jeff and friends are helping to save the sudden victims Wonder <br /> <br /> You will see a host of non-known faces that are probably in the gang of miners and ganon.The scenes shot in Canadian Rockies are a breathtaking background for action. The western and the end is concentrated with a lot of major flaws, because the film is history and geography Tranto especially takes great freedom, especially in the part of the Canadian Yukon, it is actually very difficult for the United States than skagve.
