This first-rate western story of gold rush brings great excitement, romance, and James Stewart screens. "For Country" is only one of the five Stivart-man Westerns. Stewart, once again, gave him a new look about the five Stewart-Mannas in the West. Jeff Webster (Stewart) struggles to look at himself, so he was surprised when people were good and kind to him. Ironically, he wears a bell on his saddle and does not ride without him. It demonstrates that he will care for a man - to him, Tatum, played by Walter Brennan because this is what Tatum gave him. Mann once again gave him a new look on the personalities he introduced to five Stewart-Mannas. He exhibits torture, excitement, tales of tales, romance and corruption. Through a series of stories, Jeff and Ben surrounded Golden Gold's partners in Calcut and Flippens, including Dasson's rich quick towns, and beautiful but beautiful Roman and her hired men. Curly Sheriff Mr. Gannon (MacIntyre) and his "helpers" stop them because the only way through Snagway is the town of Gone. But in the end, McIntyre comes to them, but Stewart and / or his fine can not be indebted to the government. What is McIntyre? He is there to cheat miners from their arguments and money. People were killed. Dawson needs a sheriff, and Calvet Stewart elects because he is good with a gun. Stewart refuses his work, however, because he can get all the gold and then pull out. He refuses it because he does not like to help people, because law and order are always killed by anyone. So, Flippen is elected instead. He is one of Gennon's men who is trying to stand up to a completely evil, necessarily fancy gunman with Madden's name, bringing two pistols played by Wilke because a minor dies. Fleben attempts to arrest Madden and see to do justice, but he can not stand, so he drinks the town. Yukon replaces Flippen. Even though Stewart and Tatum are starting to fall out, Gonna bewildered by men. Tatum was killed and Stewart was injured. Stewart eventually realizes that he has to do something, or Gannon takes over his Donson, sets up his own rules and becomes his town like Skagway. The audience also realized what Stuart should do. Another thing that audiences need to know is the only thing between Stewart towns and Gonnor. If Stewart leaves, Ganon takes on the town. If Stewart was standing and had not done anything about it, the urban people would kill someone unkind and ineffective. A great scene occurs. Stewart goes into his cabin. He has a sling on his arm. For a few seconds, his gun was hanging in a gun next to his bed in the gunbelt, close to the gun, in the back of the Stewart door. He sees for a few seconds. He takes away the sling away. Sling lands on the back of the chair are on the floor. It throws out his old life, even if it does not care for anyone, leaving him alone. He comes into his new life and helps people need help. At the end of this movie is a gun-blazing, furious appearance of good from evil, and a realistic feel-good sense that everything is good.
