Unfortunately, in such cases, there are controversial stories for everyone, who blame others for being a neutral inadequacy in telling everyone what really happened. This film is the victim of such circumstances. The writers (many of them) took all the stories and decided to give them to the audience to determine which version of truth is best liked. As in real life, there is no clear answer, no ending, and a simple falling out of the crowd (like coffee without caffeine, or sex without climax). Whodunnits with no whodunnit are usually frustrating and makes you wonder why someone does not research before they are placed there. <br /> <br /> There are not some great performances here. Kilmer (like homs) plays an outstanding role in bringing some people to humanity. Kilmer and real-life lovers and friends who contacted the film make the viewers view a selfish, troublesome man, although his flaws are big and large, and many people love and care for him. Like Holmes' wife, Kudrow gives her the only dramatic actress's Gilmour, but it is a very noticeable and unforgettable glamor. Bosworth's role was not mentally complicated, because she and she needed to show a more inner controversy to say what eventually happened between Don and Holmes (after she had fled to Florida in her 6 months). Boseworth's apple-cheek function occasionally harasses, sometimes touching, but nothing in the real spiller must have shown in the spine. Other roots grow in the stove, which is pruned. Lucas is a great performer who has made her teashing up for the role, because it has gone out for him. Drayen McDermott is also surprised at the role of biker dealing with drug trafficking. <br /> <br /> The film's fault is not with this cast, but with the writing. Many Cooks spoil the soup, and this kettle, filled with promise too, finally leaves you hungry. The story and the characters may be less than sympathy, but which film is not in the picture? Other movies like Matt Dillon's 1989 drugstore cowboy have done the same thing and have received such a degree, although you still feel that it is finally associated with the main character at the end of the movie. Van Sant may have given some lessons to James Cox and his staff. If the truth is to try and find someone bothered to find out, this was a mysterious story. However, you will find a collaborative WADD documentary with more luxury (on 2 disc DVDs) and more information. You can comprehend that from the DVD that Holmes is not a bad guy, but this is not good.
