I was late in the habit of buying any interesting DVD released by the Criterion Company. Although I do not like the movie, the Criterion usually supplies enough extra material to replace any defect in the original image. I read them and I bought them that are very interesting to me. <br /> <br /> Le Million bought my latest, and I said I was disappointed in the movie. It's cheery, funny and romantic. Everything about it is very exciting. The songs are awesome. I understand French, I will probably make them hum and sing it all day. Acting is good for this type of film. American music in the traditional Hollywood era relied largely on song and dances rather than real characters and fables, but in Le Million, the characters were well developed, the story was not good, but not all that was impressive, not all. I am very pleased with the consequences of relationships, especially between good relationship between Miley and Prosper. The romantic movements are well developed. The direction is very accurate, many very memorable moments. The only perfect scene of this film is probably after the main couple has an argument. They hid the stage of the opera show, and opera singers couple, Michelle and Beatrice sing the lines describing their own situation. This is definitely one of the most points in cinema history. The scene was a lot of laughs, and I was very impressed with the love of the sweetheart and worried about the director's intelligence. I give 9/10 to this film. <br /> <br /> - I'm planning to buy some information for anyone with the same faith in the Criterion I do and buy it. Of the criterion discs that I own now, Le Million has the lowest features. It's all a photo gallery (not all useful, it might flip to one another) and Rene Claire, director of television with rare television interviews. This piece has some interest. He was one of many directors in the silent film, and when Takiev first appeared, they said that they represented the film's death. I think many movie-savvy people have understood what the directors said, but it's interesting to hear. Also, if you read the description of this image on Amazon.com, please note that they are wrong in one important case: each line of the image does not spoil. In fact, it does not have more songs than a simple musical. This is actually very much like Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers film. My criticisms of the disc are not so important. Heck, Criterion has a right to smack around me to make those complaints. Of course, their people would probably spend hundreds of hours fixing a film, only 20 people (now 21!) People vote on imdb, and only one hundred people, if ever, always see the movie. Heck, if you look at the Criterion website, Le Million will not appear anywhere. I have no clue. It is something they really are proud of (of course, their website is surprisingly terrible). They did good work in this film. Bravo! They are eligible for the money that I can give them!
