Dominic and Eugene's emotional powers and characters are things that Hollywood does not do anymore. This is one of the most emotional, sensitive and heartfelt imagery I've ever seen! Roy Leota, Tom Hulu, and assistant actress Jamie Lee Curtis, deliver Oscar-winning caliber presentations! There are not enough words to say how good this movie is. Certainly, people who do not have sentimental movies do not care for the rest of us about Dominic and Eugene, but for the rest of us, this film goes only to the heart and kindness of compassion and humanity. <br /> <br /> We can not forget this movie before. Eugene is a Med-School Internship, which falls for hours and works in a hospital. His brother Dominic (born 12 minutes ago) was a bit slow and awkward due to brain damage due to their father abuse. (The moment that tears you out of the tear!) Eugene (a.k.a "Zeno") faces a painful confusion. Accepting his residence in another school and deciding whether he should complete his medical school or leave his dadminic (a.k.a "nickey") or his remaining education to look after him. <br /> <br /> These moral values, morals, and responsibilities are combined in this milestone with a skillful skill. When Guinea Nicky feels that progress is made towards independence, Dominic revolves around doing things like helping a dealer dealer or using a wrong cord that he finds at a dump on the electric device. <br /> <lorry, he's going to the Atlantic City and gambling fills the head of gullible Dominic with stories of all kinds like Geno and Jennifer (whom he teaches as Clinical Pharmacology) "the worst" and Nicky's partner is his money in his worst way. But deep down, you can see that Larry cares for him. In their rounds, Nicky also makes friends with a little kid who finds that we are also hitting his father. <br /> <br /> Two brothers can not adequately enhance the sensitivity to each other. Moreover, the pain you see on the face of Nikki also occurs. All loves to want to do Nicky and he has to look for acceptance anyway. (Ie he goes to church, Hulk loves love) loves Zeno Nikki more than countries around the world. But since his brother can become sufficiently independent, can Jino be able to maintain his dream of being a physician? It was a fantastic film that gained more than tons of tones, but unfortunately it was out of the rainbow that faced the problem. Nevertheless, I like Dominic and Eugene because it's a very strong emotional factor. Pretend that the tear-ducts are well targeted and Kleenex is easy! What a movie!
