Dominic (Nicky) Luciano wore a Hulk 'T-shirt and wore his duties every day as a worst man. He uses his physical power to make others's garbage and haling to the town dump. He reads comic-book hero stories and loves wrestling and wrestling, Wrestling Mania has an annual tradition with their birthday with his twin brother Eugene. He speaks kindly with many people in his day. He read comic books, he is found in the trash, with a young boy who is often going on while in the worst way. Unfortunately, Dominic has the ability to reduce his mind. He has a disability. <br /> <br /> Dominic's disability emerged as he suffered a head injury caused by a brain injury. The wound left him slow, although his main character was not as strong as helping him to save others. Damnick is actually more capable of living independently than he may appear at the beginning of the film. He lives with eugene who studied to become a doctor. Dominic revenue provides the main source, while studying Eugene. Eugene must deal with the fact that he will continue his education in a different city, and he must avoid the Dominic. Eugene also develops a romance that begins to separate from his twin brother. <br /> <br /> The film deals exclusively with domestic abuse and how it affects individuals, families, and the whole community. The disturbing ethnic group between Eugene and Dominic, he eventually left Nicky and exploded at their birthday. Eugene is embarrassed at the Dominic and throws him on the wall. At this time, Eugene will have to face his own fears as his abusive father, the father who saved him when Dominic was trapped by him as an abuser. The incident strengthened the love between the two brothers. Even if they needed one another, they both needed independence and the ability to grow and develop relationships with others. The ways they must have become a true emotional race. By the end of the film, however, Dominic could stimulate his brother and seek his fortune. <br /> <br /> When he believes that Eugene is leaving his brother, he will help him start his social network of people who care about him and with his independence. <br /> <br /> Damien is forced to come face to cause his own injury when he says evidence of misuse of his friend. Dominic is almost totally endangered in this country. He goes after the ambulance to the hospital to see what has happened to his friend. After learning that the boy is dead, he fears his testimonial panic with the abusive father that he has not seen anything, knows nothing, and tells him not to say anything, and if he does, he kills him. Now his own life is threatened, he goes and find a handgun that can be used to kill Larry rats. He goes to the boy and the gun to the dead, kidnapped the baby of the grieving family. He escapes from the scene and hides in a building. As the police surround him, Eugene goes into the building to talk to his brother. Eugene then reveals the cause of Dominic's deformity and they bring the baby back. The abusive father threatens to kill Dominic, but Eugene stops him, and Damnick sees his father throwing his son downstairs. <br /> <br /> The end of the past and the problem of dysfunctional behavior is the viewpoint. Although Damnik's infant can understand the baby, we see how this reaction affects. Dominic puts the life of the baby and his life in danger. The larger social consequences of these events are not directly influenced, but by seemingly ending images. Although a more promising ending role, another incident may have occurred only in Dominic Kidnapp and abusive weapons. It is somewhat difficult to believe that it is not fully calculated. Moreover, even if Dominic does not charge, he may be a stigma against him in the community, not the one before these events. <br /> <br /> Dominic and Eugene was released in 1988, the same year, another film, Rainman, which won five Academy Awards. . Rainman's achievement has been credited to helping the visually impaired person, while Dominic and Eugene could have more valuable lessons in society. However, if the 'sanyasi' is the heir of a big estate, Rainman demonstrates that the main American Dream can be learned and taken care of by a nun. Dominic and Eugene show that a person who has a disability is able to preserve and help American society members. An independent individual with disabilities was strong in 1988. Hopefully not for the strength of society is the unity, but the strengths of the threatened individuals, the necessity for community strength.
