I've collected horror movies from all over and have seen good and bad - zombie blood baths low budget video. Sure, acting is good, the storyline is basically thrown together with all the zombie movies and the quality is a few spots. The thing you seem to be missing is still fun and fun. The effects are in range, as somebody here says, the KISS-face-to-face zombies like KISS have turned down some good rubber works. But the reason for this movie title you buy is for Gour and this movie is amazing in that area. The effects are very good for a small image. Someone called a party motion picture and that was it. 100% fun party image. I actually heard from different websites that came from a simple website that was a "tough cut" of this film, but the original "Directors Cut" DVD is coming up and it's a very good quality. <br /> <br /> The story actually leaves a nuclear power factory and makes zombies. The government hides it and hides stories and restrictions to build on it. Some plant is still underground and will come to the end of this dead area and attack the area. Some actors perform great work, some of the most straightforward social commentary of intelligent and true, good music, great lighting, some effective suspense and blood and sick gore tones. If you know what you think, a guy jumps up and down from a tight area. His beasts are removed from his mouth. Another cracked half of the Dead Day and made a great job of that effect. There are a million gore garments and it's almost all the actions. I'm a proud, enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Blood Bath and Meat Market. Two great posthumous epics. <br /> Okay - UPDATE !!! I had a DVD set and I thought here: <br /> <br /> I had a better image quality and once I saw the original director's cut and the better image. I liked it earlier, but now I can see what tad sheets are really trying to do. And the commentary helps to hear a lot, talk about the film detailed in sheets, he knows it's a worst zombie movie, but he does not show respect for all the people involved. Also, sheets have a great sense of humor and some humble integrity that others can learn from the film industry. Behind the Zombie Blood Bath scenes is pretty fun. I felt almost as entertaining as the film that made it. There are some big interviews and scenes behind the footage with news stories about the film from a few mainstream locations such as CNN, FOX and MTV. All over, the edges are a fun little picture that is quite tough around, but still got me smiling and enjoying the ride! I saw a lot of DV movies, and some video shots shots, and are pretty dull, but this is not really. The new DV movies are technically superior, they are not just fun. <br /> <br /> PS - I have heard that they are now remaking this big budget.
