I had my copy of the DVD's Two Disk Set and was not accurate, and I realized that the whole experience was a fun way to waste some time. I think it's a fan of zombie movies, and I really think the good people who made these films should be very good. There is also a soft spot for people I'm trying to, sometimes against all inequalities, to live in a dream. Again, these people are doing. Is this some fantastic movie award winning collection? No. Not close. But they should recommend these films as to what to do with their small budgets. For me, the bottom line is always there, have I been entertained? Do I have a good time with this movie? And the answer to both here is "yes." The first in the series is raw. It opens some kind of danger at a nuclear facility and melt people or something. A few years later cut and an old housing complex was built on an old reactor site. Some children are trapped in a hole and falling into the lower levels of their comfort. They are rescued, but the hole is not closed and the people from the early hole from the opening hole. Soon, the entire town was overtaken by the dead. And these zombies are fun. They go from cold rat decoration to the cheap slap on the white face, but they are fun. The whole cinema meat taking zombies will never take the hole seal reactor's low levels and our heroes end up with a showdown between the last survivors of the red and the undead! Pretty cheesy, but I thought. Still, it moves very fast, tries to have gorgeous effects buckets and really some style. Acting is unequal, but some good performances should shine and listen to a really glossy track. I went back and saw it again and found that the good bit of information about the trials and entertainment that the band and cast have experienced in the film. Director Todd Sheets is very proud of this, his first film, but not even illusions. He knows it's a worst zombie movie, but he does not show respect for people involved. Also, sheets have a great sense of humor and some humble integrity that others can learn from the film industry. Behind the Zombie Blood Bath scenes is pretty fun. I felt almost as entertaining as the film that made it. There are some big interviews and scenes behind the footage with news stories about the film from a few mainstream locations such as CNN, FOX and MTV. All over, the edges are a fun little picture that is quite tough around, but still got me smiling and enjoying the ride! I saw a lot of DV movies, and some video shots shots, and are pretty dull, but this is not really. New DV movies are technically superior, they're not fun! Overall, if a bit flawless, solidify and release plenty of releases and gore and spots. While not breaking any great rules of tactics, I found this series fun and laughing, so I gave this set a solid recommendation. He did not try to get Todd Sheets award-winning artists, who seemed to succeed in a delicate zero budget, a bright horror, and eventually succeeded in spades.
