Ah, Moonwarker, I'm Michael Jackson Fan, I grew up with his music, the thriller was actually the first music video I saw for the first time. Michael Jackson is a time for people like Michael, sorry, sorry, before he looks at him and thinks that before women is really a hysteria in his eyes before the fainting, sorry, michael. But when Movweakkor released his famous Bad Album that broke the record, Michael's tribute to everything was the first of the top ten singles. Michael is an incredible artist, no doubt, he writes, sings, dances, but when he comes to direct or direct a story with his audience? <br /> <br /> <br /> Jackson Music, Life, Career, Success, Mania is the best star in the world Michael Jackson 80. Later, Jackson is a 30th-style gangster, who uses his power to defend the children as criminals. When Jackson's children were allowed to be near, we cut him by playing with children and their dog on a field. Jackson and the kids go back to their search, hoping they want Jackson and the children to get the entire population of Gregood, a Big, Frankie Leidio, an army of drugs, and children. Mr. Big Jackson finds the children, but they run away; Jackson tells him to join the club in the 30s, turning into a haunted nightclub that has left the 1930s. The story goes back to Jackson's mob attacks, and here Jackson is actually a magic gangster who can draw his energy from shooting stars. When passing a club, Jackson becomes a sports car and dismisses many of Mr. Big's servants. The club is the story of the children in the 30th, and the first is afraid of children, but when the Jackson Club's horror atmosphere is visible, and children are back in the 1930s. The club is currently filled with suite suitors and swing dancers. Jackson participated as a dancer with other club members who worked as a music video for "Smoot Criminal". In the climax of the song, Mr. Big Club invades the club and one of the kids kidnapped Katyni. Jackson follows them in Big's cave and surrounds his companions. Mr. Big threatens to introduce Katie with addictive drugs and Jackson mentally torture. Katie simply maintains that Joe Pessie's glasses are caught and injected, and Mr Big decides that he is adequate and decides to order his men to kill Katie before ending Jackson, but before the shooting star. Jackson becomes a big robot and Mr. Big kills the soldiers. Whoops, alas, you want more dysfunction? Movie Walker is fun for the first half of the day, and Michael's success is achieved, and his effort is to really congratulate his fans once again. Is it mostly hype on his album? Yes, I love how the first 25 minutes he admires, then we go to his song called "leave the song", not hypocritical, it's not a great song, a little turn of events. Then if we cross the dark act, the story is very weak: when Michael and Katie spy on him, the villain loudly spelled out his name, and Michael suddenly made a villain's big monster plan to make children? There is also a huge Ray gun sort that makes the villain Marvin Martin blush. But the movie is a wonderful thing that gives us a new video for Smooth Criminal. This music video is the perfectionism, which is choreographed, it is set, it's the song, the soft style, Michael is always above the top and perfection and the Smooth Criminal is amazing. I'm kidnapped and still looking for fun today, but it's not the best film anyway, it's pretty crazy, but it's good if you're a fan of Michael Jackson. <br /> <br />
