Laurel & Hardy and Abbot & Costello: This is my third comment that attempts to connect the two legendary comedy teams. The connection here is the year 1940. The former date their Hull Roach to have their last image from their long-time home studio. Then I said about the importance of the latter. The last time Stan and Olly worked on the Lot of Fun, it also appears in the final time in their movies with famous players like Charlie Hall and James Finlayson. Last Lloyd was their cameraman and Marvin Hatley - their theme song was called "The Koki Song (Dancing of the Cook County)" - their score. And it will be the last time that Stan Laurel went to the film and allowed to exercise full creative control over what. If this is a more gag-filled texture than the normal in the L & H movie, it's nice to know that gags are very funny. It has a lot of sound and visual effects, which was provided by longtime roach employee Roy Sayet Wright. In this regard, Olly is working in a noisy horn factory "Hornobabia", indicating that Dr. Finlayson is going to the sea for his rest. Olie does not like to go boating as they rent a rent that they stopped because they do not need to go anywhere. After discovering what they liked, we learned that Nick Grinder (Richard Kramer) escaped ... I'm there and it's good for L & H's long-term home. It is really hilarious from the beginning to the end and knowing that this one will be their last for a person who is partly responsible for their team when it thinks it is really sharp. Oh, and I will say one more: Harry Barnard's final film, Stan and Olly, was two hours away from my current Batrón Ruiz, as the police and Harp Tarpin, cross-id comic New Orleans, whose second L & H performance This was previously "married" in our wife. The next actress is particularly true comic moment. Correctly, I was the last film released from Stan and Olly Hull Roach Studios in 1940. This is also the first year that a comedy band born in New Jersey state makes their first studio, Universal, their first film. The director of the film will be the same as last year's guide to L & H in the Flying Duis. His name is A. Edward Sutherland. The screen supervisor Virgille Luille Jones was involved in a rolling carpet during the filming of the PS. The incident caused Oliver "Babe" Hardy to send her roses to her hospital room. They fell in love and married on March 7, 1940. It lasted until the death of Babe in 1957.
