This follows Black-Heads and Chump at Oakford, the two most difficult films. The SAPS AT SEA is not a bad movie - the last good comedy produced by Laurel & Hardy (unless one puts on JITTERBUGS or subsequent films). This is a toss-off short film without the incredible vision of Stan's "real" personality in a chunk at the silly destructive crescendo or Oxford of the Black-Heads. In 57 minutes it is a bit less than the remaining two films, but in fact it is not a bad point. It's enough time to hit the right notes. This is not the other two. <br /> <br /> Work on making horns in Stan and Olly Factory. I suspect Chaplin's influence in this series (a similar assembly-line incident in modern times four years back). Olly's nerves finally snap, and he goes on a devastation. He goes home and (naturally) his colleague Stan does not help - Stan has a music lesson with an extraordinary professor on his instrument (you got it - a trombone). To defeat the poor professor, Ali had problems with the inefficient concierge / engineer (Ben Turpin at a good brief appearance), and then his doctor (Jimmy Finneson) and his nerve tester (the airborne stomach that you threaten). Finileon announced that it was a bad case of "hornyphobia", and Ali had a holidays with quiet and goat's milk. They go to the ship but do not know anything about Olly and Stan Siemens - so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately, the goat will move the ship until the cord. Even unfortunately, Richard Kramer on board, is an escape dangerous criminal. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA (such as A CHUMP) has three shorts, one in a factory, one in the apartment and one in the boat. Each one has been successful, and they all make a funny film - but the combination of the episodes will show together. There are very amusing moments in the film - how the turbine's incomplete apartment causes the various hazards of water taps and hearths in the apartment; When Stan or Olly asked him and asked the directions ("Can you help me find a dungeon?", Stan was asked by accident managerial comments of the building manager Charlie Hall - "Certainly you can not lose it - it's the staircase!" Who finds a stupid comment he made); And the abuse of Kramer's two captive slaves. He has also seen Olly "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (a reference to the Dean Brothers of the St. Louis Cardinal teams of the 1930s - Don Depy's The STIDE of ST Lose). The craze boy stimulates him some food - and they make synthetic food (eg boots for spaghetti) to have him ill. When they recognize what they have done, it strengthens them to eat food. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA is not equal to the line of Laurel & Hardy's films, but it's a good movie and a good ending film career in their best years (1927 - 1940) with Hall Roach. In the few years of the boy's appearance, production costs for Roach (our relationships, Stun acting as a producer in this film), artistic issues (the meaningless scenes from Swiss miss) and controversial arguments appeared in Zenobia with Olly Henry Langdon). Stan and Ali succeeded in returning to Flying Deus, not of Roach's but Boris Moros. Eventually, Chump's two films contract ended at OXFORD and SAPS AT SEA, and ended up arguments and problems - and the boys left Roach on a high note. Unfortunately they have never been found to be satisfied with the next posthumous filmmaker with the producer.
