Spider-Man is in my opinion as the best super hero, and the best super hero game in this game. While it's a little light, you have to play many times to get all the outfits and comic book covers, making it easier to see how easy it is through the game. It may seem difficult to control at first, but once you get its hang of it, you'll be web-slinging like Spider-Man. <br /> <br /> The superiority of fun, like the levels. Scorpion is one of Spider-Man's most deadly villains, as fans of comic books know the first owner, Scorpion, and easy to beat. The second boss, Rhino, is also very easy. The 3rd bass is Venom, who is the handy boss in the game, which is definitely not in my opinion. The 4th boss is again Venom. This time, he is a bit harder to hit but still easy. The fifth boss Mysterio, I feel the funnest bass to fight in the game. He is also one of the difficult bosses, but once again, it is still very easy. The next boss carnage, who, you guess, is easy to beat. But the carnage is actually fun to fight. The 7th boss owner, Dr. Octopus, is easily impressed by all the other superiors, but it is not easy for others to have a shield. The eighth and final bass game is unique, never in the comic book or in the cartoon. For those who did not play the game you do not spoil it for that, but the boss is the only boss in the game is not so easy. I did 4 or 5 attempts to dodge others who hit the first or second trials. <br /> <br /> Very good game. I gave it from 8 to 10. The reasons I did not give to 9 or 10 is that if you're getting all the costumes and comic books, it's kind of boring (it takes some time in all things), according to the comic books or cartoon show, the authorities are not easy, and they should use the hobboblin and / or green goblins as boss. I'm flying in the air and mocking them into battle That's it! They did not use them to continue playing this game! Well the Green Goblin is the villain in the upcoming Spider-Man movie, so hopefully they will make a video game based on the movie.
