Jack Fife War is just a battle film about just getting out of the battle movies. This is not characterized as war warfare, because the only way to influence the story or role of any war is its memories, and we are rarely shown. It describes the most interesting questions about life, specifically the tagline of the movie is really alive (and by the way, Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert Deniro), which speak about the three characters in the film). Dave and Megs are friends in the Vietnam War, and Megs came back to Dave on a fishing trip that they would have planned longer than you might have guessed. <br /> <br /> "Dave Martha recalls many times, he was not his friend, he just knew who he was. There was a great scene at the beginning of the film that went out to catch six packs of beer from his car for breakfast, and when Dave told him he would be round the corner of the room. You will enter the room with a huge greeting, as long as you can remember what MGS is doing as you recall that day. <br /> "Dave is an amazing show, who never got over the effects of having him in the war. Many years later, he lost a friend's death during the war, and today he blamed himself and drowned his life in alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. All he wants, he says, is for him to leave alone. He does not leave his life as he likes him, but he is trying to break himself away from the world of living, to forget that he is alive, even if people have left him or not. <br /> <br /> His sister Martha reminds me of my roommates at least. I have two laborers aged 21 and 24 and both are living with their mothers, waiting for a short while to leave their difficulties when they leave the room. Especially one (Western one, sin enough), how accurately the clue is to care for himself, I'm surprised he does not wipe his beard that he eats. Martha's brother wants to do the same, he stays with her hand and foot as she passes through the life of the hangover to the next stage of the Stubbs. Martha and Dave are trapped in a mysterious life and none of them gets bigger, and Dave needs to be changing. <br /> <br /> When I complain about Roger Ebert about the tragic little tension devices, a red digital readout, it complains about the love of cinema. But in this case, I do not think the romance that developed between Megs and Martha does have a negative impact on the rest of the movie. In contrast, this made it very interesting, it is not predictable. The problem with romantic subplots in Bruckheimer movies and whatnot is that they are very interesting to come and wait something for the obvious end and hope they will be very predictable. In this case, though, it's not clear that something between Megs and Martha is going to happen because we do not know enough about Megs. Martha may be right about her, he is one of Dave's silly war buddies and is not the type of person he's dating. Dave definitely encourages this idea. Two years after the film Spencer made a Cape Fear, where he retaliated against an attorney, who, at the end of it, finds his fault at the end of Jackfruit's Martha, removes the Mags, and helps her and Dave to save her from a terrible relationship And then he is his law, because she has done good to her . I'm looking forward to this half, so I was surprised when Martha and Maggie wounded together and asked me what questions Mego Dave had planned to do after the end of the war. <br /> <br /> Sometimes it's a slow-moving play, but Jackfruit is entertaining along the way and ultimately having a huge payout, which manages to stay amazingly cheese. At the end of the film that does not fit with the rest of the image, the emotion is almost the same, but at that point the movie is not in any mood. Each of the participants will be given a wonderful performance, and it is one of the rare films that you want to stand up and move your fists successfully in the air.
