My wife and my wife, who read the novel, inspired my wife and new level. I have recently thought about the statement made by artist Thomas Kinked in his inspirational books; He says: "You and I are not designed to breathe up the breath of the five-hour traffic, when he created the universe, God has simple television programs, media hype, worthless purchases and spirit pollution." In a few years I did not see "a river passing through it" But after thinking about Kinkada's statement is something I was attracted to see the movie with a spiritual eye. I have seen and seen a whole new world for this movie and it inspired me to read the book (read it). I was always frustrated in Southern California, but some were caught in its materialist society. Let's see how we really feel about God's creations. My wish led me to move to Montana and my desire to move northward. My future children can land a landscape, ride with me for fishing, ride on horses, open air and serene lakes, nothing built in mountaineering. You are rarely worried about crime. I'm looking around the sock and all the shopping malls I see, everyone in their Mercedes bences, narrow freeways, gangs, the racial crisis on the brink of violent eruption and the intent of each other. <br /> Anyway, the film is very inspiring with the deepest story about the brilliant acting and the fragile connections of loved ones. The film has a lot of deep ideas. The scene alone is worth seeing and actually helps relieve tension. You have to complete this film relaxing in full swing for your own life. It really takes a compassionate, intelligent, spiritual person to capture the meaning. If you do not understand cinema art and how a director earns his goals through dialogue, tone, light, color, scenery, camera angles / movement, the film is not for audiences, Furious "is a great image. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: This film helps you to understand how much money you have or what you have, but your family and friends Your relationships with your shared experiences. QUALITY NOT QAUNTITY
