'Italian' is one of the greatest or closest films of 1915. Louis Weber's 'Hypocrates', Cecil B. Demille's 'The Cheat' and, of course, D.W. Griffith's 'The Birth of a Nation' set new standards for art. In addition, that year, Russia's filmmaker Yevgeny Bauer made two films of 'Death After' and 'Daddy's' in his best films. The French serial 'Les Vampires' also has its worshipers, but I disagree with them. The origin of the feature-length film led to Europe, primarily Denmark, France and Italy, but the dominance of this market and a degree was changed throughout the art Atlantic in 1915. <br /> <br /> The most artistic instruments of 'Italian' are its amazing and often innovative cinematography. Lighting across some lovely sunsets, mobile framing, including a pretty ring and another shot of him holding in a moving car, and a small overhead angle shot of Italian racing to buy, typically, various camera angles and expert intelligent use. D.W. As the camera is slowly approaching for a slower scene, a particularly stunning shot is Italian furious. Griffith's Musketeers of Pig Alley '(1912). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the cinematographer is unknown. The director, though originally without credit in the film, is now known as Reginald Barker. His other films for Insa have been available for five or more days, but they are simply unreasonable. The 'civilization' of his work (1916), the big producer, but the deep flawed image. <br /> <br /> I am assuming that one or more of the various cinematographers working in 'civilization' have been taken out of 'the Italian'. <br /> Moreover, the whole product is sophisticated. Although filmed in Los Angeles (for Venezis romance) and San Francisco (for New York's ethnic slums), Venice and New York performed well. Perhaps one or two are in the past, though not too long. I am basically telling a brilliant story that I have read in a book by George Beburn, the same actor in particular. The opening of the story begins at the beginning and closing, closing the end, reflecting in the interior story in the children's room, in the opening and closing window curtains. Parallel editing, in-camera smelting and irises and such subtly managed. In addition, Beban and Clara Williams play well with their characters as his wife. <br /> On the other hand, 'the Italian' has some shortcomings. Though environmental changes from Italy's sexually friendly Italy work well to the original New York, it is still the earliest moments of the humorous comedy Clash with the subsequent episodes of comedy and heavy drama, although it supports lighting and photography. The American Dream's tremendous cancellation was improved by Stark photography, then sharp to the migrant classes, who were occasionally brought back by a large number of people. Carrigan's role must be further stepped up; His brief introduction to another politician is not the veneration of Italy after the vengeance itself. In addition, filmmakers are medically alert or negligible to explain the infallible belief in the lack of breastfeeding of the infant and the ability to heal the baby's silence. Unlike shortcomings in the plot, the 'Italian' was made spectacularly well.
