Did you see graduate It is praised as the film of its generation. But the story about all generations by A River Runs. Before Dutin Hoffman's character was caught in the trap of modern suburbs, Norman Maclean and his brother Paul faced the same growing pressure as Paul tried to find their place in the world. But when the Wild West as WW1 Montana is still completely lost, how can it be a performance for the American family? Where are McLean when we reach those strikes, where are we and what are we now looking for? When the picture opens, Norman is an old man, flying fishing next to the rushing river, trying to understand the course taken by his own life. The film is literally the time to travel through its own flow, while present and back as a boy. He and his younger brother Paul were a Presbyterian minister and dedicated mothers sons. Parents are naked to their characters. Mother carries home and home. Father works for the Lord. The boy thinks what they do when they grow up. Norm collapsed as a boxer or a minister like his father. The choice given is a little Paul Boxer, because his first choice was not a Pro Flyfisher. The boys grow up and get into trouble with their pranks, see who is struggling, and fight to see what the brothers are doing, attend church and participate in all other spiritual matters such as flyfishing. They are at the same point in their lives before college. But when Norm has returned from his six years in Dartmouth, things are very different. Paul is on top of his game. Master Flyfisher Man. Each colleague on the beat and the judge of a nearby college and newspaper reporter who knows each judge on the bench. Norman studied well for his day, but his father was very good at doing what he could do in his life, and his father killed him about what he would do. Even if you are at least pop, you feel that God will call your life's work. But the amount of your life - open and ready to receive. Father always took his boys to the side of the river and thought about God's eternal words. Their father asks them to "hear." It's both Jen and Quakerli. Pretty radical for a cleric priest. But beautifully and meditatively, and MacLeans is really a god-fearing, Scriptural-care home, Rev. How does Maclean's family break up? Paul had real perfection when he killed the river, but he feels gambling and booze, but his family does not know how to keep him away from being seen anywhere. Mom, Dad and Brother all seem to have the same quiet disappointment knowing what they should do and why they will not seem to help. Polly all waves off with just a grin and his irresistible charm. But the junior brother loses his grip. Norman begins his life on the track, finding love and pursuit, but Paul stands out. His loving family looks helpless. Mother, Father, Brother tried to help in their own ways, but nobody would be very effective. Why is it that the family that loves each other is not available for such a thing? How can anyone ever be grateful and grateful in the nature of God, but how can it be some kind of innocuous or unwillingness to build a community that God has made for His people? All of these questions Norman will see his whole life. The eternal words under the smooth stones of the river chase him and keep their secrets. The picture is beautiful to watch. This is definitely the country of God, and it's an Oscar winning film. Director Robert Redford plays the story from the book and narrates a little more comment on the emotional approach he is presenting and it works well. But go back and read that book. Let's see if Norman saw connections with his old man, it is much deeper than the movie - and you can see the words of Storyteller's very hard places and do not know how to sing it on the right side of a river running from it.
