I read a short story by Norman McLean, who did justice to Norman Maclean's work. My husband tries to read it occasionally, I have read and keeps the film's scenes in mind. We have videos of many Redford films and we have seen many times "a river flows". Redford is part of the "baby boy" because he's always around. We did not get the Redford understanding of Norman McLean's writings and the beauty of Montana. This script reminds me of my upbringing because my father gave me the same call as Mr. Malian's father. According to "A River Runs Through It", "Methodists who read the Baptists," is not in the short story, but I feel a funny line! My husband and I read well the Baptists! <br /> <br /> I have heard a film reviewer that the pace of the film is very slow. Confess me. As a search for internal peace, it is a picture of the natural beauty of Metronom's three / four rhythm. Photography is outstanding! Acting was great. I love the Norman and Paul speaking scene with the boys and wondered whether I should be a fly fisher or boxer! Then the adult citizen played by Brad Pitt (Se7ven) was a "perfect person who needed help", but did not accept it. It also applies to Neal Burns, who uses the insects as bait, he also needs help, but does not accept the fact that help is needed. There is an eternity waiting to tell the grace of the scenery where Paul Oatmeal and the whole family refuse to eat! Finally after hours, they are all around the table to gently say: "Grace!" And they all leave. But the oatmeal remained on the plate! That scene is where two love birds and their ancestors are their tattoos! It's funny! Sunburn! Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) Drive home where the train decides to go through! <br /> <br /> Norman Hussein is the most talked-in conversation when Narman is expected to come to Chicago with him! <br /> <br /> Redford makes a great job as a hero. Brad could not match the young Redford (barefoot in the park). Nominated director, producer, actor, deserves to be praised for his progress throughout the world in the film but in the world. I saw black and white televisions, movies and all the technical and special effects at the beginning because watching videos at home and living in the same century as Redford lived in the nineteen hundred. Redford does not have special effects to show Montana's beauty in this masterpiece. The river separates life from death, memories and facts. The Redford creator's hands are awesome and flow a river.
