Excellent perfection occurs when a kind of phenomenon occurs !! Be on fire, firearms, theft, hurricane devastating everything in its path, or, in that respect, any other exciting event! In the case of the Maclean family, the difference is that the more complex than the daily lives. Ironically, the twentieth century is the hardest and most obscure environment. The Maclean family ideally led four people, father, a minister, and his family to raise. His wife feared and feared. Two Boys, Good ... Boy !! What can you say? ... Brad Pitt played in this movie before he actually did !! Brad Pitt, and his acting performance in this film is great, to say the least !!! His brother, Norman, the type of masculine, struck with real emotions, and a set of values ​​motivated Mississa, Montana Paul (Brad Pitt) offset from the offset and lived on the edge ... Montana in 1920 was not something like that, gambling, alcohol and Violent clashes are part of Paul, his flying fishing rod !! Fishing Fly !! Did i say Parenthetically, this is the theme's core of the movie !! Entertainment of Fly Fishing Macintosh Brothers Kindred Sentences Homogenized, and Low Degree, Dad served it a bond bond !! I like the performance in this film and it is sensational that cinematography is sensational. Keep it this way, who love to live in Montana. The lighthouse of Blair and the Maclean Brothers life than the blue mountains and streams ... To satisfy a While Maclean's brothers spent the whole life, the Maclean brothers knew that they were the only way to be better or worse, and the father was the only way to become both male ... The film is directed by Robert Redford, and tells the story of Macleen by the older brother, Norman's perspective ... Norman At the age of 26 he was ranked at the University of Chicago and he was  ు ఎప్పుడూ ప్రేమలో ఉంటున్న స్త్రీని వివాహం చేసుకుంటాడు ... ఈ చిత్రం కూడా ఎత్తి చూపినది, తమ్ముడు, పాల్, ఒక గొప్ప ఫ్లై మత్స్యకారుని సారాంశం ద్వారా తన సొంత nt !! The younger brother's existence is the seed of life, and the artificial form for the Maclean family! Many human errors, the Maclean family light up the water (literally) and the unity as a family, puts the necessary blinders <br /> <br /> "Runs through it" Annie provides a satellite of life with eyes. For Norman McLean, Stoicism is a necessity for perseverance in his Emeritus years! Such a fate due to the fact that people who have moved away to reflect his life tantamount anxiously! His fond memories of his brother, his wife, his mother and his father are now philosophical! For Norman, his life has deteriorated to the stubborn facts determined by his dubious perspective, and a dangerous solution! There is a dull recollection of happiness, sadness, sadness and love, he has given, as well as the recipient "It's your life, and how you lived it" statement something normal !! The best of what he said in his father's last sermon, his father said, "We will love absolutely no one to fully understand us." Whether you agree with what happened in your life, it happened! Norman McLean insisted that his life was misunderstood! Norman McLean becomes a weak octogenarian who has been confirmed by realistic conclusions for his life !! Murky waters of the lovely rivers of Montana serve as a vicious and desultary seal for his years on earth !! Without a question, the fierce statement that "looks really complex is really simple" gives the film a very overwhelming message ... More ... Norman's life and places are now just a bittersweet memorabilia ... Montana's beautiful streams and rivers The intellectual intellectuals of events that have escalated by the haunted waters ... that's all For the Maclean family, "all things merge with one another and flow into a river"
