I heard about VH1 when watching "100 Metric Moments" of VH1. In the segment, Jean Simons (who starred in a guest role) and many other interviews discussed how the film was enormous. I am more interested in checking movies that have a reputation for being ridiculous to say the best masterpiece of movies, unlike most people. The purpose of such a perspective is that half the time I discovered that films were not near somewhere, enjoyed much more than I initially expected. That is my experience with "Trick or Treat". Now, it is difficult to film a movie about a teenage boy who receives messages from a dead heavy metal star, who takes one of his vintage recordings back and scores the crowd away. Sure, it's definitely a strange mantle, but one that never happened before! Indicate the originality of Pete Suggest the filmmakers! If you're looking to buy a DVD, the stars of the film Ozzy Osbourne and Jean Simmons should not be thinking of the stars, which are not familiar with the film. However, although Simmons has a gratuitous role, Ozzy has a funny kami with a heavy-metal reverend (right, reverrent!). For one thing, it's fun to see Ozzy with short hair. And for another thing, you can not help but smile at sarcasm. Sure, it's a cheap shot, but effective. Acting is very good. I found that I was convinced of acting. Teen characters are terribly cliche. So expect a simple range of jacks and intellectuals. And like every one of these movies, pretty good girl is a good guy who has sympathy for the exotic main character, yet she continues to go out with a joke boyfriend. Why is she going with such full jerk in the first place? Because the plot needs an obstacle. There is no other reason. But since I have been in high school, I can not deny one of those films who feel bad in watching these films. The film has kept my interest in most of the time, but the third acting way is very traditional and my views will be made later. But the whole film is not to be seen on the rainy day. (10 to 7)
