I always found it difficult to see an Antonio film to finish on the first try, and in this case, I ended up looking at three parts in the recurring occasions. In the end, I realized that I was better, because it forced me to keep thinking in the general platform and enjoyed the scenes one by one. <br /> <br /> The first part is not very bad, it is not bad, it requires a lot of effort. When it comes to desert scenes, all efforts are fully paid. Amazing cinematography is just a part of it, which really makes everything unforgettable, how high the landscape is, the silence and the vastness, the sense of sorrow and freedom, the two young characters. The desert is dead, but at the same time it feels less distant and alien than urban landscapes in the first part. Flying over the plane and dancing for a range of great dances between the girl's car. The love scenes in the desert are just beautiful, and this kind of approach is hard to imagine from the time of our times. There is something very stylish and study about them, but at the same time they manage to express the sense of the rare natural, sudden innocence of these days. It all feels loose and unscripted (thanks to poor performance), but the result and form that comes with its climax in the end of the explosions at the end, is a result of a maniacal vision of a truly enchanting scene. <br /> <br /> I do not care for the slightest common objections: Boring - Well, yes, action turns if you want to develop and pack a classic plot of all the movies, but if all the movie is like that, it is really dull and sad; pretentious - maybe, but with such kind of amateur skills, depth, and style, pretentious is a compliment. "Political" criticism has made me understand that I do not see this concept portraying some of the ideal or worse, patriotic needs. It defeats purpose. As one commentator suggests, Antonia has seen the protests and riot politics of police with the young 'hippies' and the attractiveness of foreigners, which adds something rather than removing it from the movie. It is not true that hippies did not exist in Italy at that time ('68 protests are considered as in France), but they differ from the American replication and in some ways more militant. But his interest in the film is not narrowly political. These events appear to be a pretense for a universal, timeless quality film. <br /> <br /> A special mention for an amazing soundtrack. Among other things, the film is one of the main ancestors of the contemporary 'Uyi' music video, along with the Easy Rider, as well as its own soundtrack concept, but rather the music in the simplest way, connecting with landscape rather than action. <br /> <br /> If you want a traditional article in the film, do not be bothered. If you want to be surprised, be patient and you will not regret it.
