When this film was taken, the hippie thing was gone. Counter culture's ideas were well established, and hence made such a big film. There is something else to say, and it is really beautiful. Along with those looking forward only to the desirable thing, the film has given credit for its beautiful scenes (more than enough to see the film). The soundtrack for the film is actually more popular than the film, another plus. Pink Floyd's "caution with that ax" is better suited to explosions, due to lack of music in other scenes, the film is silent. But. Most of the messages in this movie have been ignored. If you do not understand it, it seems to be quite the case, I will give you some suggestions: man (tough guy, his name-mark?) Is a "reality group". He gave up this group, saying "I like to die but not bored", then he wants to go for a pleasure with the stolen plane and perhaps take some action. When he's in the air, the Grateful Dead's Dark Star (from the live / dead album) is played (I think). The song contains the phrase "We Will Go You and Me When I Go", although it does not sound in the movie (it is very difficult to understand the quote is mandatory). In the plane he checks a girl (Diarria), hitting the car almost down, down to a meeting (her suburban families are all about being able to live in a super relaxing area in the desert, everything is quite simple and nice). He joins the girl on the plane of the plane, and on her way to Detroit. They stop at Zibrisky Point, where they enjoy living creatures and nature in each other. Then a big car (a kind of sleeping) and a family with a speed boat, while visiting the jubrisky point, daddy "something that drives a waste here" and laughs at the car and laughs. I realized that "it's better than telly". Daryi takes back the mark, which is now painted in a psychedelic style, which has not changed the identity number "war" and "other words" on one side. "Bucks sucks" was also written on the plane. Marc steals from the plane, telling him the diary, "I do not have any danger" or anything, one of the many suggestions that he does not take much care about his fate. (Because the environment in the neighborhood does not give him anything - "I'm wondering what's going on in the real world.") He returns to the airport when he returns to the airport and meets the police officers. Daria has heard on this radio but decides to go to a meeting in the fancy mansion. Here she is alien after the adventures with a friend who just kills. She will throw more stone than the swimming pool. Inside the house, the director once gave a hint of anti-physical-she looked through a glass wall, holding her hands on her glass. Businessmen argued that, with the interest of earning big money on one side, they were afraid of losing money. Daria leaves the house and brings it back, which makes it blinking. After the house, many other things blow up, for example a television. <br /> <br /> Summary: Mark certainly does not experience the "reality group", they just sit, talk, and take no action. Moreover, he thinks he has bad feelings and he is fighting against it. He wants to leave. He has seen his opinion and helps Daria, who is "not in the mind but in action". When he thinks that his death is wrong, Daria expects these ideas to be more constructive. <br /> <br /> I see this movie only once, and I see that you can see a commercially contaminated town (LA) that you can contaminate (you have to show the business), future businesses and others. I did not catch all the points, but I got a feeling of what to do with this film , And I've figured out that the film could be called meaningless. If you say that the points are very clear, why can I see, this film is probably meant to appeal to post-hippie radicals for hippie radicals. However, it has a lot to say, and its message is still needed, and there are good developments in the same direction as it did in the sixties. Jubrisky Point was unhappy with the tradition, the story of the most common young people who actually realized (the tip of the tip around the acid on the acid, not digging everything). And it will be done really beautiful.
