I'm one of those movies, "you prefer it or you hate it." Well, I liked it. Clear hippie-era, dated and simple symbolism and all. I might not have any taste when Antonioni arrived, but this and La Note (exactly a decade ago) are my favorite of his movies so far. Two years before I was born, Zabrisky Point was regarded as the greatest American epic of Michelangelo. But obviously, it turned out to be a flop. Why not really see. I read that it was rather boring before looking at it, so I braced for a very slow film - though I love the slow picture. For my taste, Zabriskie was not in a tedious minute of it. While looking at, the frequent use of advertising billboards in almost every city scenario was made mentally in the direction of the director's part of the director, and the large billboards were hiding in the face of any human appearance. This recurring visual element is clear to underline the consumer's destruction in the American society. But after setting up in Rome at the beginning of 60 years, I saw Elklis, and Antonioni also had billboards. After all, the use of landscapes, architecture and dead bodies in humans or in every frame is an Antonioni trademark. He has more or less poor power and great visual impact, as he mentions the mood of his characters. <br /> <br /> He is very excited with this skill. <br /> <br /> Zabriski Point has become the biggest star of the 70s, but has appeared in two attractive Leeds which have never been made. Mark Freakt, who I already saw in Francois Rossi's best WWI-set film Umoni Contro, has a very tragic life and only died at the age of 27. According to his biography, he donated his $ 60,000 income from Jabriceki to Commune. Mark's co-star Daria Halpin, obviously, after the wife of Dennis Hopper, is a young Ornellal Murti's spectacular, natural beauty and appeal? One of those luminous beauties that do not need a shred of make-up heads to turn. Like Frechett, she portrayed only two vague images and she was never a star, but at least she was not dead. Most importantly, the Zabriskie Point has one of the most original sex scenes ever shot - one that brings home a little bit of simple feel as I have seen - the end of the powerful poetry. Although it is the most common scene that has ever been portrayed until its symbolism, I can not see anyone in anyone's denial of the wonderful sense of beauty and emotional release. An explosion is very good, so never poetry. It is a blast that restores the order rather than confusion.
