Many times I go and watch the movie, "Hu, what?", But this is one of them. After watching Jabrisky Point, I thought of Wooden as he thought of 2001 - after watching it three times during two years, I liked the film and the filmmaker knows what's going on. Michelangelo Antonio in the United States (after the Red Desert, the film, China, and Paszinger, was shot outside of his native Italy), and I tried as much as he tried to learn about the ways of the country through its own scholarship. The results suggest that he does not understand images, feelings, tones, colors, sounds, and visual representations of this age. Antonion once stated "The Directors are looking at the job." However, he was disappointed by the worshiper of his subsequent work (since I did not even see his films before Abduvachara since then I was five times). <br /> The absence of what he does is a point, a point that can blow up and bring in Eclipse. You get the feeling around the characters and the idea that the themes are brought to their senses, but in this case the characters and actors do not get much certainty or benefit. Antonioni from the school of Hard-Knox, Neo-Realty Film-Making, who appears to be in the direction of Mark Frechett and Daria Halpin Antonioni, with his mostly career-starring (he most often appears as actors). Perhaps that's the point. The split of the story into three acts not quite confusing, as Mark did, escapes his presence around a life-threatening campus life in the LA area of ​​the Sigma late 60's, and Daria is sent to Drive to Phoenix for a few business meetings. They meet Mark's plane (how he drives, how little is the background information?) And the car of Duria, and they spend some time together in the stream of existential in the desert. In the strange sex scene, the mesmerizing of the stylist is not so much interesting in this action. <br /> <br /> The two leads are fair enough to look up, but can they exactly attract them to someone else outside the excitement? The ideas that came forward (from a screenplay with Sam Shepard co-authored), except for a brief instant development of drugs versus reality, do not reveal much. Then the film about the third action, Mark, unfortunately, decides to do the right thing, and Duria comes into his boss's place and is totally disillusioned (the last five minutes, the film). Although the film has taken the time to tell the story, I have not had a problem with what I've been doing with a certain type of viewer in the story. I understand the feelings, suspicions, fears, as well as the confidence of the "anti-foundation", not entirely aware of Antonioni. In some scenes he is the director and the editor (and the often awesome cinematography by Alfio), the scenery and backgrounds are much brighter and more correct than the people in the foreground. The technical division of the Jabrisky Point is not related to a degree (it is much more likely that Antonioni is a documentary filmmaker as it is the theater director of the so-called Francis Ford Coppola). <br /> <br /> The deserts, skies, city, and the nearby faces have fallen in love with the art of bringing objects in the frame of the filmmaker's eye. The soundtrack is equally compelling with a master stroke, including a sweet rolling stones, and a crushing, surreal Pink Floyd song (Aiey Yugen in the early Dark Side of the Notable, I'm equal to Bloop-up or The Eclipse, although the shows are not the same An unusual stroke of intelligence on one side, and late hippies at the end of the 60's Take advantage of the movement in the boring. But hey, for an American, born in the eighties, and others outside of the United States, Italy, as mentioned, can be boring. And it will be deleted immediately after viewing.
