If previously no solar is done, Iberia is a milestone. Blood Wedding (1981), Carmen (1983), El Amor Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1986), but it is still a great director and deserves to be honored to be a great film conservator of Spanish culture, but he has previously done such a thing, and he can praise the riches he has given us, (1992), Salome (2002) and Tango (1998). Iberia is considered as a sequel to the descriptions of the music of Manuel Francisco Albinz (1860-1909), Iberia is her most exclusive and powerful cultural document, particularly her "Iberia" suite for the piano. Isaac Albenzig's great assistant for the outline of Spanish music culture - its redesign to Spanish audiences. He moved to France in his early thirties and was influenced by the French composers. His "Iberia" suit is a speculative synthesis of Spanish folk music with the styles of Liszt, Dukas and DiDi. He performed his compositions and made the beautiful authentication of Spanish rhythms and melodies, moving in the direction rather than a blend of Ravel's Bolero. Obviously, in Spain Albiniz Reposase and Iberia demonstrators reflect his compositions in terms of different ethnic and regional dances and styles. But this origin is a flashing and diluted version of Spanish musical and dance culture. Flamenco, Guatema, Hispano, Arabic and Jewish cultures are a deep-seated compound from the Atlasia region. Iberia is just a peninsula with Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; Most of the concept is further diluted. <br /> <br /> Solar's flamenco is an unstable race mixture in the peacock's manner of exquisite filling as a man and a woman carrying herself with her pride in the music, singing, dance and Spanish style. Pride and elegance and strongly cut off - even the bulls and torreo's movements - its a series of electrical scenes without contact or ending; They're just. Solar has always emphasized the enthusiasm of his collaborations with dancer Antonio Gades and other artists. In his 1995 Flamenco, he is performing the story and is the main collaborators of the Spanish filmmaker, glasses, musicians and dancers, with a big sound stage and lighting, big films and screens, flats, and filmmakers Vittorio Strooro. Launching scenes in Flamenco and the conclusions are often tough, but the climate, shaling feet, and only a mixture of rusts and voices. Sometimes the film keeps food on completion of the performance and you'll see dancer bend, sigh, or laugh; Or someone just said something unexpectedly. More people than Solar's other musical films in Flamenco create the "story" and magic of Oly's killing killers and dancers' intense, mutual interaction and temporary participating observers. <br /> <br /> Iberoi is in this style for the complete musical imagery of the solar: any narrative, dialogue, titles to indicate the type of concise song or area, starting with a pianist Albeniz music, gradually moving the dance sequences and short tracks . In Flamenco's music, the basic element is unilaterally voice, and the voice is the most obvious and most exclusive work of world music. This is related to other songs in other races, but you refuse to do nothing but listen to it closely. Then the other stuff comes with clapping and foot stamping, and dance. Iberia has a flamenco song. If you love solar flamenco, you want to see Iberia, but you'll get a little disappointed. Style; There are great voices and dances and music. But Iberia's origin and sense of power have a lower level of power, which makes it less richer and more intense cultural experience.
