In 1971, in a long journey in Bombay, India, once again seen in Roshan Seth (a strict father in "Mississippi Masala" in 1992). In addition to the close family settings, a friendship has been lost and found; The unexpected death of a friend (the face of a laughing smile to the deceased friend in the presence of prayers is peaceful - so Gustad Noble, Rosen's character is similarly identified); The chain of events of a trail artist - "Statue that turned a Shrine into the walls of Lartine wall and ashes" was once prophetic and philosophical. It is full of life lessons in diverse aspects of different relationships: the father and the son; Mother and son; Father and younger daughter; Little daughter and father and mother; Long-term colleagues; Long lost beloved friends; <br /> <br /> Despite the tone of the film, it is a colorful picture of material, and the strength of strength is the story in the textures with humor and suspense. Not the Indian director (Sturla Gunarson Issenium), he made a political Indian / Pakistani movie. Roshan Seth plays this Parsi's life bone in the majesty, whose performance is such qualities, sensitivity and happiness. (There is also singing.) The other cast is equally strong: the mysterious friend of a friend from Om Puri; Sonny Razdan is an uninterrupted wife; Rajesh Hargi is the eldest son of the argument; Sam Dastor is a longtime office member; Ranjith Chowdhury Pavement Artist; A foolish "witch" woman of a neighbor; Man's unnecessary "crazy"; And a long lost beloved friend - it's the world of many faces and perspectives. Director Gunarson demonstrated sensitivity in treatment during that time and examined the details on the subject. Good luck to have Suny Taraporewala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salam Bombay"). <br /> <br /> In the course of a cultural exploration (road movie genre), Friedrich Thor Freyckson 1994 "Cold Fever" is an Icelandic temporary person about a Japanese teenager accurately followed by memorial rituals for the dead, globally to search for a special place to pay for his parents went. Such a reverent devotion and cultural focus for family relations such as the day and the heart of the cyber age.
