In July, 1934 the production code was released before crackdown, Mitch Leisen's All Star Paramount Musical was leeringly suggestive- some even misogynistic suit- and most entertaining. Two murders occur at the opening night of "Earl Carol's Vanities" (on a stage!), But the manager does not stop the manager (Jack Ocky) manager without investigating a humorous police detective (Victor McLoglen). When everyone hides something and gipsy Rose Lee shows up on this upstart murder mystery is similar to "G-String Murders" (although more satisfying here). Gertrude Michel, as a bad diva, stops the show with her exotic "sweet marijuana" and Duke Ellington denies "rapsy raps" at the end. The hit song "Cocktail for Two", from the film. A bizarre and bawdy camp classic is highly recommended! <br /> Laurella O of "Los Angeles Examiner" on May 17, 1934 Parsons. <br /> <br /> Earl Carroll's hand-grown beauties 'pierre' is about a single-leaf screen on the village united artists and not quite different. But September Morn has never seen a better person than this gratitude, and has been able to see the eye, especially the tired businessman. But for a moment do not think of Mr Carroll's girls, au naturelle, the only charm. It is believed or not, the murder mystery merges into a music show, if you know what you say, Murray is a musical thriller in the waste. This is in progress in the play and takes place all night when a murderer is going on. Just through suspense, a police threatens to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaughlin is new in the cops. As long as he attempts to find a murderer, he keeps his eye on chorus beauties. The murder mystery is good with a flat flat dinosaur exception. Probably in the wrong direction. Dorothy Stein, as the maid, is the heroine of the ten, twenty, and thirty shows. Without a good reason, she's always continuous closeup rates in her big dramatic scene. This is a positive relief for girl groups to be good, and to get out of the inevitable overhead shots. The clothes are beautiful; In fact, this paramount feel is a musical that really is their credit. As with Carl Brisson-Well, he's in addition to any show. He looks good with delightful vocals and beautifully promising, he tells his press agents. I also like Kitty Carlisle, who played the leading lady in the show. Gertrude Michel, like a deep-eyed villianess, gives a rather interesting if rather fictional character. Jack Okee, the venue manager, is the same old Jeanichek Jack, but we can not change him. Jesse is amazing as the Ralph cobbler. Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Make, Barbara Fritz, Toby Wing and Lona Andre in the cast. Screenplay is directed by Carey Wilson and Rufus King and Michelle Leesen. Music by Arthur Johnstone and Sam Coslow <br /> <br /> "Why do not you think she's going to do it?" "Ten, Twenty, or Thirty Performance" See the swipe taken by Busby Berkeley and his "overhead shots" Today we believe that the people were trapped by May 1900. Mit Lysen said, "You have a stage show Rsincabadutunna show in a theatrical performance, prosesiyam the arch, and set the stage of a large-acre berkili're not routine. "MR: Clearly they do not want to renew all of their pictures and mine, but personally I do not like it.
