I have read a lot of comments about the film and believe it's a sequel to Henry Fool, and technically, Fay Grimm is completely different. It's not meant to be a sequel because it's the first sequel, and I enjoyed it a lot. Since the whole film is not called Henry Fool 2, it is the first to change direction since it is not called the Fay Grim. Next to that, the movie, I thought, made it well and thought that it was really amazing to me. I rented another nearly straightforward video video and endured 2 hours bad editing and it was almost hard to follow the story-line (ok parkour's last live performance in Ohio) but it's not surprisingly well that it's not nearly as impressive, which I Absolutely loved. There are so many microbes in the movie that you want to see and write in movies, but never do. Cinematography is good due to the simplicity of the film and in fact the movie 'Grime' - in terms of set. This work is well-tuned, who tells Henry Fool to look back and hear that the movie is not witty; I can not start to explain it just how delightful the fact is, and related. Well, Parker Posey, who's the complaint? Phool and Jalal is the scene that speaks in the dark and is very attractive and emotional. And I thought the spy-ness across the movie was just hilarious and on the spot (because I agree that you just kind of felt like lost in time). The main thing I like about the film about the film, and I believe the movie is pointless, about Parker's love and innocence about Fool, since it's very attractive and rejected, yes since, refusing. The last five minutes of the film are accurate. Naturally there are no wonderful things, but nothing absolutely nothing; Acting is a bit poor, and at times I find a new back story and dialogue about terrorism a bit harder and harder to be on hand, but in the end you got it, it's time to fall from your perception. (Which also needs to be done for Gold Blum's sake to speak too fast) I'm probably one of the best films I've seen this year; Impressive, witty and witty writing and impressive performances I've now got a new honor for some of the actors, and do not forget the really touching film, and the full departure from the fool. What is the point
