Exactly, this image is represented by many things. For starters, the film brings the gun to school and is an unsatisfied student who burns up to nine students. A student survives and is in hospital with extensive head injuries. The main character is that many people who think 'lonely / ghoth' are not in the image of the film. She is very suspicious, but she is also a good student in the classroom of the victim. She was questioned because of the shooter knowing and having a phone record with him before the night. However, she is very small and distant person to hate society. However, some people, in the first unexplained incidents, spent nearly a year in school, the grade failed. She has the desire to graduate and this is the only way she can be able to spend time with a surviving girl in a hospital. <br /> <br /> These two sides are almost entirely the opposite, and they are at a very social level. When Alisha is quietly and internally disturbed, the anti-social "Goth" girl she spends her time alone (although she is the most frequently read, part of the room bookworm's room / outside), the other girl rich, always very optimistic and her own fantasy The famous 'bubbly' girl trapped in the world, the outside world and its th Resistance to survive. I am inclined to the fantastic job that these two characters represent for most of the modern high school, but it is very important for each one to face the opposite of the opposite of anyone. While the wounded girl learned her deep and meaningful truth in the life and outside of her once sheltered life, Alisha's complete abandonment of society and everything is always in the best of luck. <br /> <br /> Many people find the connection between two girls and one of the two things. Either he finds out that she is not the story of the girl and story who encounters exiled in a snobby, hateful girl, or seemingly trapped, society who wants to survive the world of sadness, taking her on an innocent girl, but she is, indeed, the most intelligent One of the people. In other words, people can see this film, which is about to teach other films about Alisha, but not about it. <br /> <br /> This is all about the film. This is a representative of how people deal with bigger and life-changing disasters, even in all the things I have said. Of course, this film is not very symbolic, but you can easily go ahead with your message and your message, if you do not know that you are wonderfully portrayed by your heart and some emotions. Overall, this film is one of the best I've seen. Acting is amazing, storyline and representation are both deep and meaningful, and emotion is only about anyone who flows through the film, but maybe shouting. <br /> <br /> The film is very hearty, and is very effective, and if I believe that any movie can change a person's life, this is my first. If you're ever going to be a moving and influential film, be it fun and realistic, watch it.
