The main character of Harrith Hilard was not mentioned in the lead role, even though he liked the film for the film, even though it was 'polished' deliberately less than other Fred and Ginger films. <br /> Once again, the plot is a minor consequence - Audrey is a wonderful former drama (of course!) and CD-Dum Dance Music Hall as an amateur actress in Rogers. Although their relationship is bright and fun to play, they are unable to succeed in finding any chemistry between them by Hilard and Randolph Scott's un-involved main story. <br /> Although it was the last minute decision, Hildard was very bad in this regard and needed it even though it was sweet and liked because it did not have a screen presence to pick up the film. The film was credited with encouraging Lucius Ball's intellectual-scholarly global brassy role in every little scene, and made a great Helen brandoric-type side-kick for Rogers in this brightly illustrated film. See 'Stage Door', an example of the spectacular scenes between the two wonderful actresses, the following year). The character of a Scottish diminutive Neanderthal eventually falls in the love of Hilard, which is harder than believing in the fleet of the Astère navy! <br /> <br /> Now the most important part, singing and dancing: It's more intelligent and moving than anything else and "let's face the music and dance" and I'm in the tears in my eyes. Other songs in the film also have some recognition; "A lovely example of the humorous instincts of Assair and Rogers," I'm putting my eggs in one basket, "and it's almost fun about the repetition of the perfect, perfectly synchronized dancing.The other highlights show how these two talents can be brilliantly alone. Bad Band "and" Let Yourself Go " I nearly forgot to forget that some of these (one only) forgot to say that we are one of the time we see playing on Astaire brighter piano <br /> <br /> Overall, I actually like it 'top hate' and 'swing time' Only), because it's more earthy and fun to be difficult to like.
