If Hollywood believes, being in the Navy is not just a blade. Although the sailors may complain about the sea change, it seems that their oceanic tasks are totally absent and Fred Astier has enough time to spend time on classes that dance to dance classes. Astaire and Rogers is the world of such. Mark Sandrich's previous film, Top Haath (1935), "The Great Depression brought to the knees in the U.S. is totally neglected, providing audiences with a glittering world of rich and prominent; This is the positive aspect of the film's life and its success. <br /> <br /> Similarly, Sandril deliberately forgets Nadal's life is difficult and dry, and instead replaces a sailor's duties with a combination of light music numbers. <br /> <br /> Two romantic relationships broke up after the "bread" baker (Astier) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) refused to marry. After returning from several years of bakery in the Navy, he discovered Sherry as a dance hostess in a number of San Francisco ballroom. Two ex-lovers try to reject someone else as an alternate, Sherry's plaintext, music teacher sister (Harry Hollard, who looks very pretty) and takes on the lovely surface sailor Billy "Billy" Smith (Randolph Scott). Typical screwball comedy sophistication, sometimes a mistake, and even a happy trained monkey stealing every scene. Particularly amusing scenes are the brewing of the girl to create an actress a star; Miserable Sherry Soda's bicarbonate drink and her ability to sing. <br /> <br /> Fred has directed Sunderwic couple in the follow-up Folet (1936) Rogers, and Third (five) with the fifth successful collaboration between Astier and Ginger. Irving Berlin gave the film music and literature, and each musical number was a delightful heartfelt and entertaining, including Top Hat (1935), Swing Time (1936) or Dance (1937). "Astie attempts to get rid of his typical wealthy-about-town urban man, and it is difficult to imagine acting without much success, without a little negligence. But the plot of the romance between Billy and Billels is the prank of the two main actors and Harriet Hilard (wearing a black hair dress to remove the controversy with Ginger's blonde hair), including "My Next Satan", which was originally written for 'Top Hot' .
