Fleet in 1936, followed by RKO production, Fred Astier and Ginger Rogers in a critical romantic comedy. While Fred Astier and Ginger Rogers have similar romantic films, RKO has once again made them more valuable in the context of making it suitable for society. The story of Follow the Fleet depends on the use of layered stories between the two characters, which create a satisfying romantic comedy. The film's general plot is Baking Baker, a sailor Fred Astier, and Sheri Martin, a former love and dance partner of Benak in the Navy in the United States, now a singer and dancer played by Ginger Rogers. Their story begins when the bay is on the ship and his ship Billy Smith finds their two photographs, and lastly he asked her to marry, so Billy said they would try and meet her while on earth, hoping she would be a friend. <br /> <br /> The next major scene begins with the second plot of the film, she's Canary Martin, the sister of Sheri, refusing to enter into Paradise, where her sister works, except her one brother. In her full bag of potions she revolves around finding Billle behind her, so she plays it until she gets into Paradise, looking forward to him. She then recognizes Sherry and tells her she is discouraged because Lucky Sherry does not have men, so Sherry suggests that she will get a makeover from her friends while performing on stage. Kenny once again enters the ballroom and looks back at her again and reaches Billy again. It starts with a second romantic story between Biggie and Connie. <br /> <br /> The story and rising actions of the rest of the movie are changing between changing the romance of the two pairs of troubles, many small growing and falling actions inside the entire plot. Bread and Sherry darted their first moments together, combining their first moments with success, winning, and enjoying happiness. Likewise, she can convince her with her romantic attempts to make fun of her, and they leave her home. <br /> <br /> This series of happy moments will soon bring back the unsatisfying action that will bring back the rising action. Sherry had a night time to bring a break in the ship before midnight, and said he would come for her in the morning. Unfortunately after the return of the shipmeter, Sherry directs the course, worrying Sherry, and still a romantic sailor to look at a good drama when the bread is on her earth. <br /> <br /> Mood changed when another subplot entered the film while touring a "big shot party" ship. This alternative storyline is used to create a buffer between the two main relationships of the film, as well as helping to boost the confidence and admiration of the whole good intentions of baking. The party book and his colleagues prevent the music from memorable when losing the sound to report the deck to the company. The ladies are keen and are asked to hear them play, and the bread begins to enjoy happy with some dances, ultimately helping to enhance the mood of the film, as well as to the sailors. <br /> <br /> When she returns to the tales that are twin twists, sheari tries to break the bread. Unfortunately, the bread did not know that she was auditioning, and she made Sherry a good word when she realized that she was talking to her friend in a studio's exclusive Lady Audition. By breaking her water, she will take her over to help Sherry, and she can not sing properly and destroy her audition. Along with Bake's mistake, Connie corrected the ship that he was hoping to take over his entire bid as captain. She also planned a great feast date when she arrived to come, but Balg was intent on marrying her and was hoping to marry soon. <br /> <br /> The remaining format of the film will continue in the same format as the rest of the film until the climactic point between the two pairs. The use of stories that change to create interest and emotions within each pair will help both through joy and pain through each move. Stories are also associated with each other, as well as helping to stretch the subjects with other scenes with storytelling scenes. <br /> <br /> Though Fred Astier and Ginger Rogers have countless movies in combination with romance, comedy, song and dance, Follow the Fleet is a special film for two actors, which is a hit between two main characters.
