Fred Astier and Ginger Rogers, the Hollywood's premier dance team, are usually worn for noise and gliding, which was put on widespreadly exaggerated art deco sets in the 1930s. Nevertheless, for the 1936 outing, the fifth of their ten musical shorts reach a little lower level. This time, Aster's hat, white tie and tails to become a "buck" baker, a bubblegam-cheerful sailor; And Rogers Dance Hall Entertainer plays the role of Sherry Martin, who is a partner of Bake - Dancing and Others - before he's included. As a result, many of their predecessor pairs, including those of incorrect identities and romantic attitudes, have been hiding since the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Marc Sandrich guided five of the directors). The movie "Roberto" of 1935 contains a story similar to one of the two men in the protagonist. In fact, in both films, Randolph Scott plays the role of the other male actor, this time the Romantic Bamék's "Woman" Smith. He was with Irene Dunne (who rejected this follow up) but was partnered with Harriet Hollard. Just before Ozzy & Harriet married in real life and Ozzy Nelson, Hilvard Schrier's spinster sister Kenny struggles for Billy's role. The crazy plot, she is given a makeover by a young, bleached blonde Lucille Ball, and a mirror front is three-way shot of the Hill Yard, Ball and a Kewpie doll adorable Betty Grable Classic. <br /> Speaking of the story, what would Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor get to do is go like this ... In San Francisco Bake and Bilce are on vacation, where they roulette shipmates in the dance hall. Bake finds her working, when she first comes into her nose she becomes a romantic spinster and appears as a glamor girl. Romance flowers for couples. Connie and Sheri inherit a steamer from their father, but they need money to stay afloat. Many misunderstandings occur in two relationships, but they all work when a steam is moved into a theater and puts money on music retirement. It sounds, but offers some memorable Irving Berlin tunes and Astaire-Rogers is a good excuse for the trilogy of dances. <br /> <br /> The first two tone is the casual - a dance competition, they show gratitude to capture the "Come Let Your Go" and set up a physical harbor comedy routine to "turn all my eggs in a basket" toe. However, their final dance is a classic return to formality with a melodramatic pap that looks beautiful with the amazing arrangement of "Let's Face the Music and Dance". Regardless, the film does not have an adi dancing solo, but Rogers was dancing in one of their cinemas, and a powerful tap routine was again set to "Let's Yourself". <br /> By acting, Astier and Rogers are typically in a typical comedy form. When Scott played his role with his trademark cock-eyed retirement, Hilard was very slow and disappointed by the two Berlin love songs as a former band singer. Regardless, Astaire and Rogers make this important view of their prime-in-production magic. Began with "Follow the Fleet: The Origins of the Dancing Feet" on how to start working alongside Eddiere and Rogers. "Live-Action, called" Melody Master: Jimmy Lunford and His Dance Orchestra ", which began with a thirteen-minute thin film of 2005 DVD. There is also "sound", a poultry-backed cartoon called "Let It Be Me" and the original theater trailer.
