The film became one of the most disturbing and arresting films of the years. This is one of the few movies, maybe only one, which really gave me shivers: not even Possolini's Saale, this film has a similarity and I have such an impact. I saw echoes from filmmakers like Pasolini, Fussbinder and others in the film. I had to ask myself, what's this about the movie that I felt like? I answer that I'm looking for a horror film, but it opposes or refuses the conventions of the style it says. In the horror film, terrible and frightening things can happen, but in the margins of the civil society: forbidden houses, desolate hotels, castles, churchyards, morgas, etc. Performance of this topic in horror is the principle of a kind of darkness and opacity as a projectile area for defense mechanism, viewer's desires and fears. So, in this perspective, the Huntstage is not a horror film; This is done in perfect society, so there is no dubble in the horror of the horror film. But the displacement of the distinct background from the horror style you see, especially about the body and its violation, the terrible stages and violence. What is the use of a daily, middle class society as a platform for sexual encroachment, loneliness, lack of luck and intimacy and liability for integrity? What is Seidl? It does not escape the principle of light and transparency. This is exactly the image of the Seeds inside this displacement. Humstage deals these things with daily functioning, displaying them in a repeat of tensions, and the ending epics and storytellers - a movement you are facing indicating the horror style. Here is an important mention Rainer Werner Fosbinder. Fosbinder has allowed personal relationships in politics to deal with political and political issues such as politics, such as the strategies of the play, racism, dominance, politics, and politics. Control, fascism and capitalism. Sails strategy of making the mechanisms of everyday society keeps him as close to the baseband as his subject; As this German ally, he is a sort of society's political vision that feels his responsibility to advance his films. Seid was a guest at a seminar at the Gothenburg Film Festival this year, questioning why he had been victims of harassment and killing women. Sedel replied that some may be viewed as immoral for displaying violence against women, but I feel that it is unethical, not showing it. Any artistic announcement is good, I think. Thank you.
