The film is not small enough to ruin everything, but a large amount of stolen cars (all 50) remote Kip (Giovanni RBC) car thief. Then the man who gave him threatened to kill him. Now Randall (Nicolas Cage), retired 'booster and kip brother and randall's old friends, in just three days, 50 cars were stolen. If you see the old one, the big brush 'Lil' Bro 'should be brought out of trouble, and Randall is already the best thief. Even if you think of all other films, there are some flaws and surprises, but it is sometimes imaginable, so there is no fancy about the story. <br /> You're probably thinking about why you're thinking about 51 times hot stuff, these 50 studios, only fast, cold and expensive cars are stolen. The other hot item sway in the movie (Angelina Jolie (who is the big star) (trust me). Her car is not a lot of contracts in the role of the theft, but she is very beautiful. It's not as hot as hot, but it's hot in the cold and sexy. She is incredibly believable in this role, perhaps even a woman in real life (I do not believe, read her biography) and see for yourself a sexy part. <br /> <br /> "I play the role of a girl I like in this movie, she is not a mainstream, a bit alternate form and she also comes with a tattoo. When I see this film, there is not much action, there is a completely unrealistic scene, the story is ok and not too many jokes.Hey but after watching the whole movie I should: WHO CARES. (Cool music and actors lines make your eyes wet); good actors have done all their jobs; beautiful cars; a cool, wild, sexy lady (yes, I mean Ms. Jolie) ) And in the end but it increases the cars with very good and cool tools.So here are some downsides but still a beautiful one Good and entertaining movie on all the best to describe this movie is that it's the whole okay film with cool? <br /> <br /> For Nicolas Cage, well? The Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes and finally This is one of my favorite actors in action genres after these very good films. Plus which actor has a very good action / thriller and successful ones in years past? Well nobody !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but he is also one of my favorites. One thing that Mr. Cages Brukheimer's stories are not true about is to get worse. Rock, clear 9, con air nice 8 and this is clearly this one clearly 7. That mark is not bad. Will his films under Bruehmer seem to be deteriorating further and maybe before Cage accepts a role in a movie and thinks about making some films less? This has been the case for nearly eight years of cinema movies. Except for the body, it does not show us. 8mm is not great, I admit, but it was never the cage's fault and the story seemed good to me. I can not say anything about the next film, the reason I have not seen yet. If Bruhimmer asked me for those three films, I'm sure if I knew it, I told them all of them. I say yes to The Rock, the story is great and you come to play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I said yes to Ken Air because there were so many actions, because the story is good and because you deal with John Malkovich and Wing Rimes. I received a big salary because I acted in the film, I was riding some cool and fast cars and I kissed Angelina Jolie because that was Lara Croft's outfit). <br /> <br /> This is a good choice for Mr. Cage. This is definitely worth the theater. <br /> <br />
