This is a clever piece of the TWILIGHT ZONE called comic rather than intelligent or tragic. Buster Keaton Woodrow Mulligan, a watchman from the 1890s America, works in a laboratory. He constantly grips about life issues around him: the meat is very expensive (it's not $ 1.00 / lb.). The word (after cycles - the autos have not yet appeared) after he always crazy crazy. Gripping eventually, he sees the helmet as a scientist, and tries it out and tries it out. Suddenly he was in modern America. Seven minute silent film initially. Now all the noise, all talking, all the beeps, all coming off. Keaton is only a few minutes here, and he finds that it is not good to change the world. He travels to Stanley Adams, a professor of learning from Munilligan c. 1890 (he mentioned about President Cleveland). Row always wanted to live at that lovely, quiet age. He helps Mulligan get the helmet repair, and they go back in time. Rory is bored shortly after, because he has no scientific equipment to use. Mulligan puts a helmet on him and sends him in the future. <br /> <br /> In his last seventeen years, Buster Keeton is often on television (many times for Allen Fond in Kendy's camera, helping him set up gang tricks). He also did a few films (especially funny and funny on the way to the railroads). But he has occasionally appeared in television dramas and episodes. The director (who directed the old comedy film director Norman McLeod - Marx Brothers in Horse Fathers) advised him on the tricks he could do. Stanley Adams and Adams see him flipping when he gets a pair of trousers. Timberlake reminds one of the twists in the 20th of films like Sherlock JR. The episode shows a good voice to Keaton in one of his sixties. <br /> <br /> Jesse White's performances (which have worked all over the same time) are always welcome. But look at a bit at "Professor Row". Stanley Adams was well known in his movies and television since the 1950s. His tragic suicide in 1977. His best dramatic role in the REQUIEM movie version, with a vigorous performance, and a huge, blowing voice, is for wrestling promoter heavyweight (him Anthony Quinn wants him to be a wrestler dressed as an Indian). In his famous television show, STAR Treater, the space tracer introduced the furry to the tiny little creatures "Tribes" (in "Trouble With"). Adams was always worth watching (such as Jesse White, and Keaton), which has improved many of his production. I never understood her suicide, but it was the first rate that ended with the character actress.
