Cosimo (Louise Guzman) ends up in prison for car exploitation and there he has given the plan for absolute exploitation from prison life; So he must get out of jail. He tells his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find someone who makes her time in prison for some money. But no one wants to do Cosimo's guilty time and yet everybody seems to know a man so. <br /> First of all, I think this film is very fun and I would recommend from my perspective. It's for everyone. The film is remake of the Italian comedy "I Solitious Ignatius". I can not judge or compare those two movies so I do not see the original Italian. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is a great comedy, about four people trying to steal money from the treasury at home. Everyone gave a piece of brilliance from this movie cast. These actors gave Sam Rackwell, William H. Massey (great), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (great), Louis Guzman, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney. <br /> <br /> It is not advisable to say that the film is not just a comedy. It's more. Due to a difference. The thieves in the film have very few cravings: what will they do with their money? It is getting more and more humble their future. This truth is beyond the comedy of those criminals. Not only that, but rather a police personality unlike a corrupt person; So the directors here tell us that Russia is the same for us as criminals and caps. In fact, he was in Colliwood; And only in Collinwood, all people can make money, run a legal or illegal way. I do not like cheers for all the movies and eventually like the audience. But, this is an exception. You have to love them all. Relay with his young child and wife in prison. Completely with his pants. With his line of Cosimo: "Your mother is a prostitute!" And all others. My favorite comic is Alan Ford's only characters. They are trying to make some money, but they are not just luck. But they made a good deed: they gave Riley money, so he took his wife out of jail. They are all the leaders of my eyes, "honesty" cause people do not so much.
