Well, Atlantis: After reading reviews on The Lost Kingdom, I would like to make some misunderstandings as a secret of Blue Flop, as I directly broke out Nadia. A piece from Nadia is quite similar to how the pendant from Nadia and the use of a pendant from Atlantis is no doubt about the origins and origins of life. If you want to see how Kida and Nadia dress up then you can put it to Disney. (Both Nadi and Kida are moving for both Nadia and Kida, a similar style) for stunts. I agree as an anime fan, but a little bit of the copy but a number of ideas are original (encryption design on the wall of the lapse, ancient mussuk from Princess Mononoke, vehicles to the garry submarine in the nadi, etc) ... Platney I believe is very real and Disney's captain is Nemo's (The main character in Jules Verne's 20k leagues is Nadalia's main character, and the mirrors are a symbol of wisdom and intellect as shown in the novel "Lord of the Flies" ... Milo, Jean, the main character from Stargate and a dozen other "intellectual" characters are not glasses Atlantis plot (after all it is under a sunken city of waters), which can be artifacts for some counterparts with staff from Nautalyius in Nadia, and that's how the submarines are fighting (with the extensive explosive torpedoes that really resembles nautilis) But the personality of the character me I realized that for me, no copyright infringement because it is genuine rtiga. As an anime fan who has been nominated for Nadian, I have just now seen # 1 is the best anime. There are my doubts about Atlantis when I see the preview for the first time. But I saw that movie, and I again got my trust with Disney, and there are high hopes for their future films after Atlantis. Overall, the best Disney film is in the sound of their songs in the middle of the screen and they're making their cheesy scripts edited to improve. Also, it's amazing that they actually paint the bad guys look at them simple with the overwhelming badness of the beginning (I'm guessing who is bad guys and the only blonde girl kind of looks to be a bad character in terms of not only Disney but it looks like bad designs really make it scary)
