After watching two of her silent shorts, my first feature film from Elena and her Men (1956) 'French director Jean Renoir, I enjoyed it. However, I did not see the film for Renoir, but Star Ingrid Bergman, who ?? At the age of 41? Still embraced the beauty, elegance and charm. In the early 1950s, Bergman temporarily came out of the public after her scandalous marriage to Roberto Roselli, Italy. Her next five films, directed by her husband, did not succeed in the United States, and I regret Renuir's latest release was very low for Bergmann's popularity with English-speaking audience [but she is back with her former success with an Oscar '' Anastasia (1956) ''. She portrayed Elena Sokorowska, who sees herself as a protector of the angel, who has been successful and recognizable everywhere, and left them instantaneously. When she learns lucky moods for the political aspirations of the popular general François Rolan (Jean Maras), she learns that she falls in love, she can not go out. Even if you do not take this seriously-political picture, it works well for a satirical or romantic comedy; <br /> <br /> 'Elena and her men' filmed in the exciting technicolor are as bright as colors, characters and costumes. Bergman's Polish princess is dreamy and somewhat self-absorbing, not in an unpredictable way, but a woman is rarely in high formulas and beliefs. Her conspiracy of a conspiratorial government convinces her to convince General Rollin to become a rebel platform and she is satisfied as a "defender angel" to exploit her love for her to exploit her love. Perhaps the legitimate sacred character of the film is Henry de Chewincourt (Mel Ferrer, Audrey Hepburn's husband), ignoring the second intent of the others, chasing Elena for love, and love alone. This is, Renoir proudly suggests, what is the best French is the best. 'Elena and her men' were also exposed to the superiority of upper-class French relationships with the clumsy uplift of Eugen (Jacques Jaunau), who did not love her servant without her future husband. For these scenes, Renoir is striving for the humorous humor you find in a Marx Brothers movie, but the film is very quiet and constructed, it's not power.
