The well-known international conductor Daniel Darren (Michael Ngung) has a heart attack in his busy busy career and hinders his retirement from retirement. He decides to return to his hometown in the north of Sweden, where he left, and a young boy of seven years old, and other schoolmates, who went to live at low speed. He was invited to take an old school and take part in the church choir by the local Shepherd Stig (Nicklaus Falk), but reluctantly and rejected the cowardly Daniel's formula. However, he is associated with the community and attracts the local physician Lena (Frida Hollgren), a former local woman. His music opens the hearts of the vocalists and influences their everyday life: Slightly Tor (André Szburg) is likely to participate in the choir; Stiger's wife, Igor (Igela Olson), will release her suppressed sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Szomom) takes a stand on her abusive and violent husband; Gosper and the disappointed Siv (Ilva Lööf) opens her heart against Lena; Fat Holmbrid (Michael Rahm) screams against the jokes of businessman Arne (Lennart Zachael); Even Daniel starts loving people in his life and loving Lena. When invited to participate in an important competition in Vienna, Daniel tries to keep his music open to the hearts of people. <br /> <br /> "Saw Sam Himmelen" is a touching and delicate film, a very beautiful story. Director Kay Pollock and screenwriters have been able to develop a large number of characters within 132 minutes of running time. The performances are supported by maximum music score and at least two fantastic movements: when she sings the song in Gabriel concert, the audience, the jury and the perfect concert in Vienna, and Daniel Making's dream come true with everyone participating in the melody. As in "Terema", the stranger changes only the lives, not only one family, but a traditional community. Moreover, like many European films, open execution Daniel dies, at least in my commentary, and has reached peace with the success of his music. These two scenes were my eyes moist. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A Vida no Peraioso" ("The Life in the Paradise")
