This is a very busy TV mini-series based on the disappearance of a young mother, but this series is a study of classical characters in the story, which lasts for five hours. It is the most collective part of the British actors and actresses to show their talents. The original characters that are really painted can not be 'normally encountered by a kind of people,' because people are more difficult to worship them, because they have a boring and nend script. For example, the main character is a young husband (his wife disappears) and nobody is interested in finding a job and anything. He retained handicrafts from his parents. He was once in the Army, but no small ambition in life or any of the interests of his life seemed to be playmaking. He portrayed David Oyelowo, he is a fair guy, so obviously he is, like one, loving and grieving his only activities for five hours, totally sympathetic person. The standout performance of the entire series is undoubtedly Penelope Wilton, who works with the story circular everyone else. She's just amazing. She played the role of not only character in the story of everyone, i.e. an irrational, silly, self-centered, dense, queruelas, blindly loving and blind, idiot idiot-woman. Whoops, alas, they know very well. Wilton is one of Britain's finest actresses (see my review in her 'Half Broken Things'). Two-dimensional and takes a character who makes her four dimensional. She supported Pros Patrick Malahide, who played her passionate husband, and both of them set a high standard for all young players. Janet Mactire, a brilliant performer of the young, a young man in the old age has now become very sympathetic, collaborated on a certain way, and puts one, but in the later stages of this story she is a brilliant actress who is one of the most convincing and original drunken scenes I've seen in her film She will be there when she's off by pulling off. Actress Sarah Smart is a troubled character Sarah played with great depth and realism. She plays an impulsive role, and the magic is surprising that the magic is tired of her for five minutes. She's obviously, we're surprised about Sara's smart and it's very good. I really wonder what happens when you do your job correctly, the role ends and the actress starts, if she knows it, and the people will not be surprised that many can not. She has some deep disambiguations with her eyes, tell us that it is motion and brought her ill, but she is not sure, we learned that she was a very violent and painful childhood. Her skill of obscure facial cues is unusual. Rory Kinnear lives with his mum and is not quite up to it, but it is wonderfully convincing like a clearly helpless fellow who turns into hidden depths. (I think I've hid a lot of people, but we'd love to fill them out, it's a question.) His mum is well played by Margot Leicester. A fantastic performance, all of the fears we met were given by Lusinda Dreze, who played an active, twinkling youngster, but crucial movements collapsed with helpless tears and she pose in her pride. Two other children are also very good, Lucinda's friend, and her younger sister and half sister. The young sisters are actually the characters in the story (they disappear, they can not make it clear because of disappointment for disappointment), but it is little to recommend their sweet temperament, but it is the youngest of Mazey and Tyler Antony, Harriet Walter has a minor role, but she can not see much of it, this is a shame, she is a good actress. Anyone can go, but one should be drawn one line somewhere. The series is amazingly mesmerizing due to the depth of this particularly uninterested public image captured on the web of extreme anxiety and suspense.
