This interesting feature has a very good story-line, colorful characters and a very consistent pace. It has a plot tool from "Wild the Wind Wind" and directed by Cecil B. Dealley and his son, Abtony Quinn, from his preparations, is not a coincidence. It works on two occasions, I must report. The unusual setup, barrea, was built on an island piracy ruled by Jean Lafitte, but in the war of 1812, and earlier, the United States was in trouble from the ships. Currently New Orleans has been handed over to Andrew Jackson, 60,000 of the British Imperial Red Cross and 60 ships with 12,000. Lufft's men seek to strengthen him; He wanted to liberate and forgive his people before dropping such a strategic land spot for US troops. There are other things in the story; Pirate Bonnie Brown and her father wanted to attack US ships and rejected a Luffit's orders, and a boy was left unaware that they were losing the eyewitness. When his testimony finally arrived, Jackson could not give a laughty request; But Luffhit is in no way out of fate and in fog, pirates and Jackson, along with the British, he is a luckiest person, far from any fate. The cast of this colorful and physiological lovely image is actually a skill. One of his best roles, pictured by Euler Bryner as Pyle's King, is Steiger's beautiful; As a boy he loves, Charles Boyer is his advisor, the powerful Larn green opponent, E.G. Marshall Governor, and Claire Bloom as Bonnie Brown. Jackson's adviser Bruce Gordon, Anslo Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffrey, and Lesley Bradley, et al. Taare Door Corsai, Douglas Dumbrell, George Matthews, Henry Hull. Elmer Bernstein's music is very memorable, and here the only removal of the 1938 script remade is just a bit. The bright cinematography was decorated by Alberto Nozaki, Hall Pereira and Walter Tailor, with the work of the famous Laure Griggs, Sam Camar and Roy Moyer and Edithhead, John Jensen and Ralph Gester. Nelly Manley made elaborate hairstyle and valley Westmoor difficult decoration. The film has a good adventure-level dialogue and a very strong climatic battle scene. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, was preparing to play a major general role, and the man was found to be a young man during the war; But he is often influential, gray-haired, or particularly influential on his exchange with Henry Hull as Mr. PV. It's an exciting and well-mounted entertainment, which is C.B. Demille looks perfect to complete its production; It's a beautiful and almost very good movie.
