If they do not exceed my expectations, they certainly met me. "Nancy Drew" works like mystery and comedy. It pays courtesy of books based on it and spews them at the same time. The book starts with a bookshop on a book shelf and shows illustrations from an animated credit sequence books. It promptly launches the books immediately. Writer / director Andrew Fleming seems to have realized that a young man regularly derisively guesses the idea of ​​breaking off the rings in a small town, so he does not consider the idea religious. He embarks fun at Nancy Drew's ability to do anything like each class at school, which is sure to change any enemy on her side of the baked treatment, make a bird house with buttresses flying twelve, and even an emergency trachetomy party. Nancy's is always in perfect style, she is now L.A. Instead of living in, her fingerprints are surrounded by a "spy kit" that is filled with dust, flashlight, compass and magnifying glass. Lots, of course, but at any time I find Hardy boys to remember the CSI equipment at a little more convenient equipment. And if the perky pipsqueak private eye is a little shorter than her literary counterpart, it's more funny exaggeration part of the film. <br /> <br /> The mystery of the film is more intense. Nancy and her lawyer's father go to Los Angeles from their small town where Nancy dies in a cold case related to the murder of a Hollywood actor who lived a new house a decade ago. Nancy searches for evidence in some beautiful practical ways, such as watching videos of surfing websites like Nancy Google and watching older video tape of victims movies. When doing something of her common, you should worship the girl's resources. Emma Roberts, an undeniably beautiful kid, plays a pretty eighth-dimensional amateur spy. Although she is not perfect, she makes a perfect girl full of love. Tate Donovan is also the most perfect girl father, Carlos Drew. He is an ideal father, who is unrealistic and does not stand out perfectly and shows reasonably cautioning his daughter. Ned Nickerson, Mike Theorot's lesson on Nancy's dearness. I played George O'Hanlon Jr. in the 1970s TV series starring Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, a nasty little boy with a little crush on Nancy. The character of a 12-year-old car (Josh Flattit), love of Nancy, is worse than Ned of Max Theoret. <br /> <br /> At the beginning of the film, Amy Brukner and Kay Panabaker played Nancy's Pals Boss and George, but they initially played brief roles. <br /> <br /> Kamos, Chris Kutton (SNL), Eddie Jamieson "Ocean 13"), and Bruce Willis make all the surprising guest appearances that prove that you can never imagine that Bruce Willis is going to pop up in the next film. <br /> <br /> There are some probability of this image. Initially Drus's new home is heavily diligent, but Nancy and her father will be tripping on Bobby Traps a few minutes later. Furthermore, Nancy explains the cold winter investigating the murder of a dangerous party, which should provide many potential murderers, but she just faces some suspects. While some of the scenes during Nancy's adventures were in Nancy's adventures, the case was no longer a solution, ultimately all platform threads were conveniently cut down and who made it. Ralph Sal's score adds to the film's suspense, but the contemporary teenage songs are bloated by the soundtrack. Still, I really enjoyed this film, and while the film mainly targets girls in the middle, any age and gender people can enjoy.
