"La Maman at La Puine" is the best of all time. <br /> <br /> In fact, the "La Mancha At La Puine" may be a relation between the realistic and artistic film systems inspired by the "La La Rechease du Temps Perd". "The first female name is Gilberte, and the second lady is Gilbertte's twisted and more appropriate double: Veronica is like a" whiskey Gilbert ", and Gilbert is pure , "Beautiful like the day." Following the failure of first love The second love begins, but it is the first time failed. Veronica Alexander life gilberte, the film takes. She arranged for her to encrypt a first Gilbert and the vronka for the Alexander searchable and more is coming. It is the same sad story repeated that shows, Alexander said, "unfair woman ", Endlessly The illusion of love - the illusion of love - what is inside, the truth is, and is a practice of this truth, for example, the strange, created by Veronica Alexander When he found the way he saw in a picture, and then "learning how to make a bed, how to make it "Says a film. Alexander wanted to live as he was in the film, and he wanted to be his life art. <br /> <br /> This concept of art comes from Proust, with whom Eustache shares the same rejection of "political art" and realism in art. "La Maman at La Puine" struggles with the concept of "famed politicians" - a contradictory review of the political film by Alexander for example. Proust says: "This does not ignore the art of all the advertisements and is silent." First of all, art is an introspection. Even why realism or naturalism is rejected: art needs to change reality. Proust writes: "I found the illusion of realism, which is a lie." That's why "La Maman at La Puine" does not hide its artificiality, the actors say "their words" means "more artificial, the more you will go". Eustache and Proust shared this idea that the artist was a "translator" of an inner truth. But, Alessandré failed. "La Maman At Law Putin" tells us that the failure of a character is not true. You can understand that tragedy will arise when you go further in the movie, it's sensational. You can look in the face of Alexander, who looks more like living-dead. You can see what's going on outside of the scenes and after a while. At the end of the film, when you see Alexander's writing, when Veronica was writing his own life, he did not say, the literature failed. The end of the film finally shows the symbolic death of Alexander, who conflicts with the illusion of realism. In this little nurse room, Alexander appears to be more like Alberti than Marcel. <br /> <br /> To describe this failure, Alexander is a Balzac reader. Jean Roussez describes in "form and codification", in Proust, Swann and Charles Balajac's readers were not able to create any artwork because they made mistakes in art. They see the reality in art and say, "An artist's life and his work are unaware of existing transitions between reality and art." And certainly Alexander. For example, he is an example, he loves a woman for parallel reasons because she has acted as Bresson as an example. <br /> <br /> He is like a swan who fell in love with Oded because he looks like a botisselli woman. <br /> "Life is probably not my profession". Although Alexander has been told, this idea has indeed been done by Esta, who committed suicide. However, there is a distinction between Alexander and Estachi: if Estheri is an Alexander completely, Alexander is without the art of double, a terrible sight of the artist who crystallizes his fears. <br /> <br /> End of Veronica's film, Alexander fakes denied. Jean-Pierre Lydad and Veronica in the endless pucking, which mark the last frames of the movie death. Or it describes a long description, unlike the final rendition of "Le Temps Retrove", as in "Haute-Cloth" already. If you can read the Istat Proust, Alexander has never finished the book, trying to read his life and Veronica in his apartment or cafe. "La Manmann et la Ptoine" is like an inversion double in the "Lost Times of Search" that Alexander is not an artist but Marcel is a writer who changes "a la lacquer du temps." <br /> <br /> Bounder As one says, if an artist says "his dream is reality", it is his nightmare. Eustus tells us in "You Manman at Law Putin".
