Unfortunately, Jean Ustachcha (1938-1981) has been known for many times as the leading figures of French cinema, whose films are not available in international DVDs. Since we have a good old-fashioned video store in Tucson, I have been able to bore this 3 1/2 hour marathon master work for ten seconds. <br /> Let me tell you one of the most talked (and most controversial discussions) films of all time, ultimate dialogues, in fact, the first distinctive feature of Jacques Rivet or Alain Renaiss's "Nouvelle Vague". Dialogues are primarily monologues, especially Jean-Pierre Leyad. The most common feature is the division of the two people's discourses almost zero. Leid, or his character, Alexander, prefers to tell more about himself than about the seemingly speaking things he is talking about. Therefore, we can not talk about communication in this film. The director has a sad sarcasm in mind and not only speaks of the political and social ideas, but also has Alexander many times, Petron's "Satirikon" <br /> <br /> Alexander did not do anything, but when he did not act, he developed a type of metaphysics, He is responsible for the part of society. He refuses at people running at 7 o'clock in the morning, and he is busy with his last drink before beding in to one of his friend's apartment. He could not speak a word without mentioning one of the prominent thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanows. Alexander also has to relinquish the life style of Alexander and his colleagues because they face the existential crisis from bourgeois nausea, particularly Sartre, the French intellectual café "Axlex Dukes Magogs". However, Alexander's intellectual speeches are pseudo-intellectual, and there are sentences and criticisms that he has written, such as from the dictionary of quotations rather than his original reading. <br /> The truth is that this film requires the enrichment of the most widespread European knowledge, especially the French Essentialist philosophy and the 68 student revolution movement, but if you have this knowledge, you will enjoy 215 minutes in your life, probably for a long time, with the TV and your laughter.
