Similarly, Frank Miller and his Sin City comics use the black and white (and its film noir effects), and Christian Volkmann with the Renaissance. <br /> This is a 2054 year in Paris. In the tradition of science fiction, the future is a bright, shiny multi-plated ornament. It is an ornament in misery, inequality and darkness; Beautiful and bright dark underbelly on top. One of these "bright" individuals at the top is a research scientist kidnapped from a very large and influential global organization (Avalon). Well known and effective, Captain Karas (new James Bond himself - voiced by Daniel Craig), assigned her the task to find. <br /> <br /> Plots and layout are not overly original. Film Noir, Gibson's Neuromancer and other detective stories have been heavily influenced by films such as Blade Runner, Sin City, Fritz Long's Metropolis and Minority Report. The main plot with other sub-platforms that are ultimately connected. <br /> The strength and realism of the film is in its radical visual presentation. Paris is a complex level of levels and sub-levels. More primitive industrial infrastructure at its base. As the city grows, its structure makes the complexity and fading. Yet in this structure, the upper human ideals and behavior are not equal to the height of behavior. Paris is seriously animated and intelligent is laid in black and white. The film is closer to the soul with Sin City (the comics), then Sin City is with its rudimentary materials. This will make it even easier because it still remains in the same medium; Animation. A scanner is the same as the dark aspect of the story as the Dark, so it does. Light and dark, the black and white contrasts the atmosphere, as well as visibility and creativity. Right and wrong, black and white it will lose all meaning at the same time right before us. <br /> <br /> With the inspiration of the movie, I can say both in criticisms and fans. I can love it in the same light and unpleasant. This is the experience I recommend for visual arts lovers. So pour another block and tan, enter the null and enjoy the ride.
