With the support of France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom, the 'Renaissance (2006)' was created over six years with a cost of around 14 million. The final result was a monotonous achievement of comic-book style animation, compared with Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller's 'Sin City (2005)', but the film uses a direct-acting move to translate their faces and movements into a fully animated format. This film, shown in black-white-white color, was flown out of many pages of graphic novels based on it, and Paris's future city struck us. In the active literature directed by French filmmaker Christian Volkmann, there is a substantial "revival" from other films, and the tech-noir story is not seen before, a technological perspective, which is innocuous. Year 2054. Paris City is a devastating metropolis filled with dark areas and deserted pedestrians, the latest technology of modern technology, the degradation of dark buildings. The city's largest corporation Avalon, has earned wealth by offering citizens the beauty and youth promise, and the company's research department is constantly trying to find ways to eliminate the aging process. An intelligent young scientist, Elona Tasayev (who has voiced Roma Garai in an English-language version that I saw) was secretly kidnapped after her return from work, so it is likely that she will fall to the legendary detective baratelli Karas (Daniel Craig) to reveal her current episode. Holding the key to the disappearance of the woman, Bilassne (Katherine McCormack), the eldest sister of Ellana, her faithful question and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), a specialist doctor who worshiped her own daughter as Elena. <br /> <br /> The wonderfully well-lit city of Paris brings to mind the 'Blade Runner' (1982) of Ridley Scott, and some technologies seem to have received it from Tom Cruise in 'Cruise Report (2002). {Incidentally, it was also created in 2054). Nevertheless, despite this experience, Volkmann created an amazing world that lives for his characters. Classic film noir and science fiction blending, resulting in eye-catching collage is hard lighting and dark shadows, I must warn, occasionally in the eyes of the viewer. The dialogue is a bit simpler at times, and the story is attractive, but I think it's a bold twist in a simple formula that does not provide anything but the original, but the 'revival' work is the best way to visualize it, and can not be denied a success in this regard.
