Each session of the film is beautiful. The plot is not particularly hypocritical, and thinking back over the past 90 minutes is why it really earns a 7, because I have never really invested in any excitement or roles. However, they do not look luxurious and some original design and occasionally have no camera angles - but they have dynamic movement and close shots that are part of the language for any simple action / thriller no. First hour bells and dialogues seem to be a lot of editing and a bit of the platform - wait for each other to finish and do not respond to the natural touch of everybody's conversation separately. In rare instances emotions in tones do not match what's on the screen; Something to really be avoided. Futuristic architecture is very attractive (glass walls / ceilings / screens, lovely smoke / marvel / special effects) and good-looking cars are great, but have a real impact on the story again, more exercise in graphic design. I'd argue that the whole point of using drawn animation (instead of actors / cgi) could really push the limits of imagination and design; To do this is hard and impossible in other media. Even though the animation in the Renaissance certainly was fantastic and amazing, I never felt as if I had seen something unprepared. <br /> <br /> Another French CGI film Immortal also suffers from the imbalance and the beauty on the story and the speed. To be fun, some exciting and attractive French films also have a tired speed, and the rains in one's eyes or in the Paris cobbys can stimulate great emotions - but when animators offer special strengths, they have weaknesses compared to real life techniques. Perhaps it would break out of the movie 'noir' rules, but I thought filmmakers would miss out on a better chance of exploring their future community - the social stratagem of the fascist grip of corporations <br /> <br /> Stylized design and / or animation Renaissance proposal for anyone enjoying specially 'manga' fans) There is no problem, but I can not sit through the other film Chitra dear friends. Remove luxury visuals and it's just an average image.
