The pixel was very well lost and was very successful, although their pictures included technological miracles and visual mosaics, there was a story to compare their style. And often the most moving style: affecting, beautiful and cross-generations. Many anime (speaking in wide languages) and other animations do not fail to match their technology with realistic ingredients, and I think (and may be wrong) because some journalists do not feel character and stories. It's so big, so You do not have the power to create a really engaging story. <br /> <br /> You can not say about the revival. There are flaws in its plot, but I will get later. The same flaws, however, do not reflect the visuals - the Renaissance is excellent now. Ultra-high contrast imagery (sometimes a high-contrast is only a beam of light or a beam of light) and excellent details are always impressive, always a pleasure to see. Futuristic Paris Blade Runner at the show and the terrible child of Brave New World; Dark, dark, very wealthy and clean, but curiously, with a corpse of corpus and beauty (filled with capital, everything else) and its labyrinth of souvenir and sophistication. br> This is a completely compelling atmosphere, not entirely original, but it's great. The mood of this movie is a lot of attention to the 'motion-capture' technology and the results of human and design miniature for black and white photographer films. Some amazing action scenes for Christian Volkmann's work: Hell-for-care care chase, a couple of superb killings, dirty muscles in many dark skins and a devastating apartment. Locations are great (I want to visit nightclub). The main role of Carrass is your regular off the shelf Maverick Cop, while the two female characters (sisters) are the real motors of the film. The war, the dyspora and family fiasco from war-torn Eastern Europe, they are a compelling metaphor for the whole of Europe. <br /> <br /> The film is a magnificent atmosphere, its dizzying, fox-fascinating movements and adult tone for a very attractive experience. However, this plot ... is no more interesting than the first hook, after which the untimely paper Karas Ellana Tasayev, a drop-dead, giant and pioneer scientist should be identified. She is hell-bent on her back on projects, and soon Karas official congratulations, corpses, cigarette smoke and narrow bullets missing, and Ellena's sister - who is working for her 'classified' Avalon (no corporation is not always bad?) Billeen fell in love with the city's chaotic, due to falling in love with Catherine McCormack Ndarberli of the depths (and his past). In other words, I've enjoyed much more than Sin City. (It has a passing visual comparison), plot and clarity are dull, the theme of immortality has never been tested, and dramatic tension is too undercutting and dull for the high-profile Avalon CEO Paul Dellenbach's shenanigans. The basic idea is that there is a godly concept that the science fiction-style materials, visuals, and climates the worldly matter. <br /> <br /> However, although the film is completely logged and perfect, in some cases the characters are considered to be a technological demonstration. But the projection of life in Paris 2054, the vision of the community and the creation of another city from the ground will make the film visible. I'll take it very seriously, and I'll say that if that is the case, it's incredibly entertaining (and pretty mature) and no atmosphere.
