A Scanner Darkly, Minority Report, Blade Runner, Sin City and Sky Captain and Tomorrow World? <br /> <br /> The French animation project 'Renaissance' took seven years, and it was a bogus budget and tonight I had to watch it for private screening for the International Film Festival in Stockholm. My sudden reaction is fear; My more reflection is 'huh, neat' and close to analysis gets tragic 'mah'. It's a beautiful sci-fi success on the surface, but it becomes obviously clear, as it scratches or just a little poke and its unnecessarily complex plot flat characters. <br /> <br /> It is clear that the people in the onyx films are doing well with the surface revealed. Visuals are staggering. They used live action motion capture in key-frame animation, including stark jet black and bright white variations and heavily shaded rhotoscope backgrounds. With the 'technical lingo' you're in the movie, it looks like an entirely animated Sin City. Its fluid, transparent, dark and stylistic template is complemented by great sensational lightning. It's a vision. Heighing futuristic weapons, curiosity, heavy raindrops and glass pieces are more creditable due to crisp sound effects. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a strange-looking people (fluid transparent screens from Minority Report) and genetic engineering, starting to disrupt the lives of a large corporation company called 'Evalon'. The next young researcher Ilona (voiced by lovely hair groves) leads to a mysterious kidnap. Was our hard boiled cap on suspension and the prophet Karas (Daniel Craig) cut ?? Is the law a person taken into his own hands ?? Ellen has to find and retrieve it. In this case, he is with the help of Illona's sister, he also begins a love affair. <br /> <br /> The Renaissance world is awesome. The director Christian Volkmann takes a fair jab when Noyer melts away and the resulting urban jungle filled with slippery cad, mice, femmeites and lonely detectives. The problem is that the creators have undoubtedly considered the story to be very clear and spelling out arctips, or the movie is "very surreal" for mainstream viewers due to its sophisticated animation format. This includes a group of cliché characters, such as the bad-laughing villains, burial crime bosses, and Butch's harsh chicks that have destroyed every opportunity they get. It moves noir in our faces, and it is not necessary. <br /> The conversation is very small. Each line seems to be the reason behind the plot. This is not very dangerous because the platform is very complicated because it needs some clear direction. Daniel Craig also helps to bring his nude character to his hard-edge cap. At one stage in the Renaissance, he appeared on a clear car-chase, which is definitely one of the film's most adrenaline-pumping and top-notch sequences. Unfortunately, the innovation of sci-fi visuals has worn this car chase and has benefited from being a little less of 'reassasses'. Summary, a very interesting but flawed future comic book experience. <br /> 10 to 7
