On December 28, 1895, a small group of photographers named Augusto and Louis Lumière, on December 28, 1895, to display a small group of cinematographs at the Paris Salon Indian Duke Grand Café. On that day the smaller audiences re-invented (due to some invitation due to invitations) did not really know what to expect from the show, and when a fixed film was evaluated on a screen, most cinematographs were just another fancy present-show-show projections. Until the photo started to move. The coldest day in December was the frightened experience of thirty-three people, the first public appearance of a moving toy on a screen; <br /> <br /> "La Sharty des Usin's Lumiere" (literally "exit Lumiere Factory") was first performed in 10 short films featuring that historic day. The Lumière showcases many workers in the factory, as it walks through the gates of the factory and emerges from the building at the end of the rough day of work. The film was a surprise to all the viewers, because the idea of ​​moving imagery included Edison's "Peep Show" machines (kinetoscope), when the Brothers' Innovation moved on to the public and the horses to the fore, . This idea is not entirely new (by 1888 the Le Prince was portrayed), but the process of showing the film is just revolutionary. <br /> <br /> Lumiere spent years in "Unimatti Films" in the long run of "La Sarty des Einsins Loomier". The original form of the documentary is a favorite kind of brothers, because the technical aspects of their innovation are more interesting than those containing the synamogram. Despite the initial excitement, the first performance was the cinematograe's greatest success and "La Sharty des Uses Lumiere" quickly became a distinctive feature of the first screening. It was not the first film to be shot that year, but it was not the best of the ten films shown (Personally, I'm El "Arroorous Arrows" 10); Nevertheless, the opening of the first couple of gates is really meaningful, literally, opening the gates to the film until we know it. 8/10
