Feroze Abbas Khan's Gandhis My Father is a film that lights on a broken relationship between Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi. The director fails to dramatically tell a story that is dramatically trying to say this film. Do you know the boring history lesson that Gandhi was sleeping in my father's school? Now the film is a very interesting factor - Gandhi's attempt to be a legitimate man is an unjust father. The film was shot many times, and one of the examples given to create this subject was Gandhi's scholarship for England, who twice denied his son. Instead of showing us what he's doing on his head, the director moves along with the story and never allows him to witness the growing anger of Harilal awaiting his father. When we finally come from Harilah finally, he seems to be more reactionary. <br /> <br /> Why do not I understand why exactly what I was trying to do here with Harilal? He did not really understand why he returned to Islam and came into Hinduism. The thing is, we really do not understand Harilal. The film is very busy with Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the freedom struggle, many of us already well aware. Gandhi promises to examine my father's strong father-son relationship, but the fractures in this relationship did not show us the first set. We are Harilal Gandhi's son, but it will show us why. Show us their early conflict events. For instance, Gandhi is not enough just as he opposed Harilal's early marriage, why should this opposition tell us? It is not enough that Gandhi blames her husband for her husband's continuous shuttle between schools in Gujarat and South Africa, to change him every time to return to Gandhi. Show us how these events form the role of Harilal Gandhi. Instead of adhering to this dazzling Gandhi's prima facie with regard to Gandhi's relationship, the film has survived many tangents. Central theme. There is never a film to fight for independence, and in many cases the director has the responsibility of bringing us through the mainstream programs that until the historic moment, which does not have any connection to the primary campus - the son-son relationship. So it's not a bad movie, but it's definitely a very confusing picture if you do not have this image problem. What happened to Harilal children after his wife's death? Has he ever been associated with them? Where are they suddenly disappearing after a scene that we saw with Mahatma and Kasturba? To basically relate to the Gandhi family, there is no answer to any of these questions. The film version of the most popular drama film directed by Feroz Abbas Khan, Gandhi My Father is a disappointment, no questions. Practically every sequence in the movie opens up with fade-ins and fade-outs, never before. On the positive side, the image you recognize is inherently lords. Filmmaker makes every effort to provide a balanced narrative, trying hard to take the shoulders, never painting as a villain, never father or son judging. However, what this film does is clear that Gandhi is a difficult patriarch who can clearly state the shape of the country, but his family is not clearly disconnected. Akshay Khanna is the only actress in the movie who is luckily lucky in the role of Harilal Gandhi. This is a fantastic performance, and it's not easy, since the role of the character's entire life is completely covers. But Akshay brought innocence and unsatisfaction into a rare subject, and Harilal succeeded in making him a dangerous guy. He will see him in the scene that realizes that his wife is dead, and you can realize how much he alone is through the body language. Darshan, who has previously played a senior role in Gandhi, will take a caricatric approach to play Mahatma in his later years, but it is the best actress in his early years as a lawyer in South Africa to manually change the human being. The rich Sheffly Shaw plays the role of Kasturba, the father-son of a woman who is cracked in conflict, but if she can not take the feeling of helplessness, it is not really her fault, it is a dangerous script. Many attempts have been made in the production of the film and it looks apparent throughout, but this film will surely miss you when you leave the movies and will eventually miss it. Director Feroze Abbas Khan's Gandhi is my father's honest effort Yes, but also a very tough screen play. Both Gandhi and Harilal are unhappy with each other. The director will do the same with this movie.
