Kinka Usher, director of Kinka Usher, "is playing a real role" and they smile, and what is the 'Mystery Men' # 1 cult film at all times with an amazing cast? A nasty villain Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) was released from a mental institution and threatened to capture Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), and threaten to take over the Champion City, Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller)), The Shaweller (William H. Macy) And The Blue Raja (Hank Azri) come to the rescue. However, Frankenstein joined the combined combination of the underworld scandal, and became a potential rival. The trilogy learns what is needed, and decides to recruit; There is nothing less than the most memorable team in the superheroes associated with the film. Mr. Furious has his anger; The shawl, his shovel; Blue Raj takes silver (mainly forks and occasional spoon, but never knife); The invisible boy (Kyle Mitchell) can disappear as long as no one can see; Spinks (Wes Stoody), from the south to the huge hitter, is very mysterious and breaks the guns in half with his mind. May; The bowler (Zenne Garofalo) can turn the ball with the worst accuracy; And the plain (Paul Rubens) fires a whole room. It is an incredible collective piece that delights audiences while playing directly at all times or laughs without promoting audiences. The dialogue is intriguing, similar to the performances given by Stiller, Macy, Ajaria and Garofal. There are memorable, happy scenes, especially when they are applying a pool party and barbecue, and interviews with the applicants' stupeping edition; And the other one, in a bar, when the bowler has a conversation with his dead father, his skull is set in her bowling ball. Everything is ridiculous when the team really tries to save Captain Amazing. But all these examples show that the whole picture is a lively scene with one another, filled with subtle humor, and you think about it for a long time and think about it. The true secret of its success is, however, Usher has put it all true; Relationships between characters are real, and the whole concept of 'superhero' is entirely reasonable, which gives a sense of credibility to all actions. In this world, Mr. Furious and others' aspirations are strong, and Asser never sees laughing, which always stays in the slapstick or the eye. Tom Whites (Dock Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louis Laser (The Blue Raja's Mother), Jennifer Lewis (Lucille) and Lane Olin (Dr. Annabel Leak), Eddie Ezard (Tony P) Press (Tony C.). 'Mystery Men' is a real inspirational movie that can be seen again and again with a new undertaking for each audience. In the immortal words of the Sphinx, `we are the first! The rest is the number two or less. 'Is not this an Oscar-worthy film? The original; But for a lot of luck and a lot of laugh, treat yourself to this master work; It's a real deal, and you will not regret it. I rate this one 10/10.
