In my 1999 birthday, I saw "Mystery Men". When I returned home I went to see again and again. Remember, I'm twelve, but at that moment it's the coolest movie. I have also collected ultra-rare action dolls (I have everything except for the bowler, it's harder, such as Mr. Furious, The Shaolel, The Blue Raja, The Plain and Captain Amazing, if you have a William H. Mackie Action Figure! ). I have seen many times over the years and this is still my favorite because childhood memories of the most loved ones. This is not a perfect image, but it is definitely another form and perhaps a culture. <br /> <br /> Story: A group of low-level superheroes saves the day. It was rebooted in the usual, live-video-video "The Specials". But the other end of this spectrum: big budget (a huge budget, almost $ 100 million I think) is a studio comedy. Yes, the effects are very enormous and consider large sets and excellent product design platforms. But do not think this is a stupid, special effects-you superhero film - this is a paradigm. They are fighting with a villain named Casanova Frankenstein. He has a mental character (which takes the world, owns a doomsday device) and Resident Superhero Captain Amazing (a japan Brianigen-esque Greg Kinnear, nice touch with his dress-up commercial-production-logos). Time for Mystery Men: Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller, Madness Gets), The Shaweller (William H. Macy, who fights with Cowardly People), The Blue Raja (Hank Azri, British Throws), The Bowler (Janeine Garafo, Bowles) The boy (Kell Mitchell, imagine what he is doing), The Plain (great Paul Rubens, Fares), and Sphinx (Wes Stoody, Upakilanu cuts, I was not playing). The rest of the cast cast is a wonderful cast Casanova as Geoffrey Rush, Lena Olin heavily edited as Cassano's bride, and Tom arrives only as a crazy arms dealer. So ... four Oscar-nominees (and one winner) and Tom Freakin 'Winks with Mackie, Kinnear, Olin and Rush! It's not perfect though. <br /> The conversation certainly exceeds physical comedy, sometimes it's not (for his strength, the case is closed). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the film is critically acclaimed as the "All Star" by SmashMoute, which is obviously highlighted, the cyclic ranglings of the sphinx, mixed versions of Mr. Furious, And did not do it with the audience, in fact a sequel (in fact the comic book and "The Flame G Carrot Comics "is based on comics, which I was planning for the Fleming Carrot for a sequel to the belief) but it did not do well at the box office, which was a hard selling one, from a superhero comedy" Mary About Mary About Mary. "The Sixth Sense "- the biggest hit of the same month in August - and was released as" The Thomas Crown Affair ". And "The Iron Giant" - two other misunderstood classics were released for the weekend that was right for both critics, but it was quickly forgotten.Rost of Jerry Stiller's Comedy Central, commented on the comedian Jeffrey Ross Ben Stiller, "I I saw 'Mystery Men' and I removed my agent Ncanu. "Ben then seems to mouth the words," I must be. "Vinakandi his word. Give "Mystery Men" a chance.
