Spoilerers I love college and the next sections, but I want to get on DVD in the last season. Unfortunately, the latest first college season I can get. Are still sweet for years of youth; They have a lot of attention on magic, but they have also been a character with teenage teenage stallates and children in divorced families. This presentation is very naive; They can not get into trouble with unhealthy youth such as sexually and drugs, but they are faced with stress to deal with stress. I watched her and her magic on her and she left her nest with her in-laws. The older parts are beautiful, but it's not as good to see her (is not really a young witch) but an adult witch. I loved Roxy and Morgan; They are very talented! In earlier episodes there were great actresses, but they were strict, kind and loving, but they treated some kind of little kid in some ways, but not every way. Every little mistake I made with her magic meant she was grounded for her, and I mean she was able to learn from her own mistakes once! I loved the college episodes. She was able to learn from her own mistakes, she did not rely on everything; It's annoying. Hilda and Zelda can not be suppressed. Melissa Joan is very pretty and she is perfect for Sabrina with Perky personality. I liked the last episode that I got married to Harvey, but it was good to see what happened next to another. I am convinced that I'm married. Where does she run from the wedding dress? But I liked what I saw. I thought they would like to go to the viewer to pick a sample rather than a spoon when we eat as much comedy. Some said they would marry and go home to school, but they already graduated in college. Sabrina Magazine had a great job and I think Harvey had a good job because he lived in a nice apartment that was seen only at the end but never said what he would do. They talk about how they should not always be a hell like his father as a child. When Sabrien moved on that occasion, it was never really said how it happened. Actually, the show did not explain much, but we wanted to leave it and give some mystery. Before Sabrina and her friends go home, they will be married to Hilda and Zelda becomes a child with this whole spell. Hilda will return in the last episode (and Zelda is in some other forms, but not in the episode of Beth) but they do not show what happened to Zelda's husband or children, who have children? Perhaps they did not want much going on in an episode. I also liked Hart's sister, who played the role of a spoiled cousin! She is beautiful and a great actress and it's interesting to see her grown up! I believe it's been six years since the cannon air was broadcast! I still loved it! In the previous episodes, this town was called Westbribe (a town believed to be near Salem) but the name of the town that guards Westbridge in the next episodes, and I think Boston would call wherever I worked. Also, I wanted to add, I found episode, "She Wild Wild Sabrina" taught her the insult, the importance of the rules. She is aged 18 and very old. When my parents were 18 years old, I was insulted. I think she was confused when she was 18 years old, and they should learn their own consequences. I think the rules at 18th are important.
