I have this movie on DVD and it has now been viewed thirty times. Should I really love it? <br /> I was a surfer in my life before, and I liked sport. To this day, I was fascinated with good surfing. There is plenty of riding giants, so I am a sucker for the subject. But I definitely have to pick it up some bones. <br /> <br /> First, the film has little confidence in its case. Wasting and editing of waves are most of the kind of waste. Most, much less waves are actually driven from start to finish. The Pearl Hyper Gineet looks slave to the cut and pace system. This is particularly bad in the middle section of Spot Mavericks in Northern California. A wave can not be completed. There is a jarring montage of clips with an equal jarring soundtrack in almost the whole section (one-third of the movie) in Mavericks. I understand the effect that Peralta is trying to achieve with Mavericks, as the place is strongly like a really scary mix of bone crushing waves in the open sea chap, but he goes too far. Mavericks is not just a bad acid trip. Waves are actually ridden there, with great performances. Some of them are good to see. Peralta thinks this is a great sport (and I'm sure he), then why would he want to face this problem? At times, editing will reduce the film to evaluate. There is a fast clip in the section of the phee in Hawaii, I still can not understand. Although I'm running slowly in motion on DVD, the picture is meaningful. <br /> <br /> Second, do you have this word less understandable? This is especially important to watch the commentaries' version of the DVD on DVD. These guys sound like two over-the-top valley girls. The same sentiment appears in the main product. Every thing is always gandant "amazing". Especially a character is just plain bad - Sammer, editor of Surfer Magazine, has something to say in his pants. In this movie he is a super drag. <br /> <br /> There are a lot of attempts to enter the film. I mean, get old cinema shots, and all of the interviews. This film is a great story, and it is usually fun. The background is centered around three parts between Gregg Nol, Jeff Clarke, and Lady Hamilton. There are some uses of exceptional photography. In the Directors description, they say it's a new type 3D technology, which really works. Three principle characters shine, both in their interviews and in water. As an athlete, Lord Hamilton made a statement. Just as Michael Jordan did in basketball, I reached the pinnacle of his sport. Moreover, his father's meeting story is a gem. <br /> <br /> The film was very high. The final part of the image, when credits roll, gives a hint of what it was. There are beautiful scenes of waves with excellent soundtrack. (The soundtrack is the worst in the rest of the movie, but you might like if you're a fan of modern, warm rock school) Anyway, there are two cents ...
