'Pedestrian Ends (1950)' opens with Andrés, and Gene Tyne's names are inscribed on the pedestal. Do sidewalks represent respect, integrity and morality? Only crooks and convictions run on the gutter. But men have a tendency to misstep the most dignified occasion, and, aside, when suddenly comes to the end, sometimes it's impossible to avoid getting a booty wet. Mark Dickson (Dana Andrews) was born in slum, his father was a professional criminal, and spent his entire life on the pavement, continuing to keep his entire life on the edge of the pavement. As a police detective, Dixon wants nothing more than to show courtesy and loyalty to his father's absence, but he has an average-streak that does not escape. <br /> <br /> When his immediate anger abandoned the suspect's death, Dixon, the disappointing father, was the only film to reconcile his guilt, and Dana Andrews, Jean Tirney and director Otto Primerinar after Laura (1944), but both films went to Nair Not far apart. Although the film had a strong intimacy with the domestic home murder story, the film became more attractive urban police drama. She again made an unforgettable appearance as Laura Hunt, which was unfortunate, where Tearney occupied the specialty of the beautiful, helpless romantic interest, making Jules Dassin's' The Night and the City (1950) the same year. On the other hand, Andrews is rarely well, and I have a hard and incomplete anger that I do not expect him to do. Gary Merrill is worse as crime bass sculpture, but he does not have enough meaning to the character, and Richard Kant (the actor who played the role of Mr. Brown in 'The Big Combo (1955) <br /> <br /> When Dickson tries to conceal his accidental crimes, is it completely inspired? Certainly in the midst of the most intimate scenes of its era ?? But I feel that the situation is still not exploited for full potential. The taxi driver is the only person who finds Dixon guilty, but the primer movement moves quickly when he passes the Dixon on the steps. If Dixon brings a witness to restart his own movements outside of the apartment entrance, we may have some real fireworks. And why did the taxi driver's testimony fail to eliminate Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) immediately after suspicions of murders? The destructive screenplay from Ben Hut, killing his awkward crime underworld with tough hitting cops and intelligent-cracked criminals, is to bring this destructive action down. Andrews' seating and implacable long-instructor, suffered from tension and remorse, was rarely at least as Robert Ryan's equivalent at Nicholas Ray's On Dangerous Ground (1952).
