New York Police Detective Mark Dickson (Dana Andrews) is a man who deals with his own demons everyday at the same time struggling with the usual ups and downs in everyday life. The pressure that creates intense hatred of his inner struggle and crimes leads to serious mistakes and fails to recognize the need to adhere to any Code of Conduct that deals with people on the wrong side of the law. He has a history of criminals treatment with suspects and macular brutality and this has brought him to the issue of his superiors who have regularly accused him of the amount of violence he has ever used. Dixon can not reconcile these calls for restraint with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. He was a criminal who needed his father to be a criminal, and to retain his father's reputation and to avoid the low expectations of many as a consequence of him. <br /> <br /> When one evening gangster was shot dead by gangster Tommy Scalais (Gary Merrill) as a great lover, Dixon was assigned the case. Detective Lt. Thomas (Carl Maldenen) of Scalaus Dixon reveals that Ken Pine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Jean Tarney) and his pine were killed. Dixon goes to the apartment and asks the questions that are tired and questioned and pin him to pine, Dixon goes to the suspect that the vengeance and seizure will die and die. Dixon goes to the body in a nearby river. Pine's wife was questioned and explained what happened in the scene of Sculis, that her father had gone to the pine apartment in her house later that night to take up the matter with her about the fact that she returned to her injured home. Pine had previously attacked her in many cases and her father, Taylor (Tom Tully) of Jiggs Carr, who warned that he would beat him once again. This information is being arrested and murdered by Taylor. Nobody admits Dixon's explanation that Schillis was killed by Texan and was later killed on the ground as a witness. <br /> <br /> Dixon Scalais continues to make many attempts to prove his conviction, his goal is to write a confession about his own role in the death and cover of the pine. He does this and records that he is going alone to fight Scalis, so that police can arrest gangster for Dixon's murder. <br /> <br /> Donna Andrews' damaged and unpredictable expressions are concerned with the constant harrowing nature of his character and his above-mentioned unfortunate events, including the accidental death of Paine. Dixon, however, is a successful model, Morgan is not the only one to experience misfortune because she loses her job with all the trouble around. A father who has been a few years old has been awarded a diploma for help before the police, finds himself guilty of a crime that he has done unjustly. Ken Pine, who was considered to be the war hero, lost his unemployment and self-esteem as a result of alcoholism and wife stabbing and scalies, and Dickson's father's business also faced his misfortunes. <br /> <br /> "Ends Where Are The End" is a fully engrossed story that contains the main character of a group of interesting and diverse characters and the moral ambiguity.
