The charm of Otto Preming's huge, spectacular film noir had vague intentions, cheating the central role of the central character, who was still living in his criminal father's shadow. Dana Andrews' running, vindictive cap is shown to be outrageous, irrational and destructive, perhaps because he can look after a good woman, perhaps because it can change. The troubled man returns himself with his own tangled seal. The protagonist Ben Hutch Andrews's turbulent performance permanently circuits in the second half of the story. We can not see and hear the night; <br /> <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews is a violent development and always produces a complex character that has been characterized by the hate he uses. As the plot develops, he is secretly caught in secret situations, and he will be restored by the external acts that Vintage Nair's character Visceral face can see in front of them. <br /> <br /> The specific stage of development of the genre is a immersive, ferrous and shaded film Noir, set in a dual-acting atmosphere in the underworld, where he is always with tension, and he has lost his rational resistance, professionalism , And moral restrictions, he is still a good cop. The sponsor just winks at a social-conscience drama about a damaged society in an extensive urban scene where Andrés is excited by riding on the shoulders, which is the existential journey of individual roomings about the man with the odious stabilization. <br /> <br /> In the early 1950s, production companies put the social issue on the picture, such as "low-budget and low-risk thrillers", evident in attempts to escape contracts of conservative critics and social business. But the unimportant approach of preminger is an expression of the subject-of-fact. Every scene he sends the drama every day for a plot. By avoiding each supporting role, they lose their weight, but none of them are cartoons or disappointing comic reliefs. Karl Malden is a missionary police inspector and one of the leading waiters in a meal counterpart, each character is expected to be the star. The stars --- Andrews and Jean Tirne, both were harassed by their vain attempts to suppress their emotional intensity --- who do not like.
