We're far from LAURA. Once again Otto Primingser directs Dana Andrews Mark as a police detective, and Jean Thurney is a charming woman chasing him, but it is similar to the truth and everyone's favorite sophisticated murder mystery. Instead of a well-meaning cheerful conversation, we have difficulty, realistic reality. The previous film was done at the ritzy high levels of the New York Society, where we are in the lower rented district of the dark streets, hoodlums, cheap restaurants and crummy flats. Tyranny is so far-reaching, currently working in a department store-store Magnumine and Lives in Washington Heights (a neighbor of "Fox", a faux fur from Laura's Mark McPherson). At this time Andrews Mark Dickson, the oldest, mourner, the more complex version of the cool cop in the trench coat. <br /> <br /> SIDEWALK conclusions are a sub-genre of Nair, and police are not able to control their violent impulse by police who are portraying cruelty. Like Kirk Douglas's role in the dictative story, Dixon owes his bad contempt for crooks to his father's criminal record. Douglass was self-righteous and blind to his own defects, Andrews faced crushing and self-denial. He accidentally kills a suspect and covers his actions and tries to listen to a tumultuous gangster (Gary Merrill), who says he has spent years. Instead, he is the father of Morgan (Jean Tarney), a splendid and disgraced wife of a merciful man, because of a kind of cab driver. Dixon is in love with the wife of the man he kills and tries to keep his father uninterrupted. <br /> <br /> Among the leaders of the Nair, Dana Andrews has this distinction: he has not been able to make any sense of intellect. While playing the average Joe, he is always unusually sensitive and reluctant, as he usually does; More than that, the most attentive for his own convenience gives him the haunted - and haunt - the quality of his essence as an actor. He played ordinary boys, cops and soldiers, but with the sadness and currents of ever seeing and getting to know much. His conscience leaders are identified by disappointment, guilt, inability. No other actor was well aware of the bottle-up, slow-burning pain, Mark Dickson's worried intelligence. He also makes a muted sensitivity, mapped warmth and heartfelt humor. Morgan comes out when he goes to a regular restaurant, and the first time we are looking for this cold and cruel man and can not hide his love and anxiety for his irony. When Dixon asked his partner to get a lawyer for Morgan's father, he recently supplied it, but Dixon threw a punch on him. There are no words about obedience or he is deeply understood by the good man, but with the pain of man's painful silence and his wife's resignation, she seizes some jewels. Dixon's goodness comes from Andrews' deeply moving performance through the reactions of other people. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrews is a small actor, he is the fourth person. He did not go up to his movies. That boxy, mid-century silhouette, more Fedora, Bourbon glass, cigarette he does not take out of his mouth when he speaks, he sees the man imprisonment for toughness and disability. While many Nairs romanticize a two-stroke harsh person, the unfolding illustration of the reality behind Sidwalk's façade provides a gripping and unplanned exploration of violent origins and consequences. Andrew's sin underestimates his own time (one of the three major roles in our lives that did not nominate him for the Academy Award, but his low-key performance was Frederick Mars's hammer, than Oscar-winning drunk Even though very strong). Fortunately, Andrew confirms his immortality in some of the films, and this short-acting film has his best performance, as part of the excellent Fox Film Noire set. The twenty-century-fox film, including the ever-released titles of the series (such as Niletri Alley and Theeways' Highway), suggests that they may have the best record of all major studios when it comes to Noir.
