This high-quality story of George Sukor in the theater world with his simple yet sensitive but firm touch. Ronald Coleman's performance, which earned him an Oscar, still stands out despite some tired moments? It is hard to forget his joked interview because he is trying to understand his life in the goallessly penetrating around social programs. There are interesting subtexts and Cukor does an excellent job of clearing them without compelling anything too much. The script written by Grasson Canyon and Ruth Gordon is brilliant, combining a certified theater world with seedy worlds, and the siege of the Coleman character with the main theme and identity of Shakespeare's "King Lear". <br /> <br /> Many interesting things about this film? ? On top of that, it quickly dismissed the actors' daily problems. In other words, if the art of acting requires such complete sublimation personality, we will quickly hunt the rhythm of rhythmic rhythm of the actors. But I do not really think of the actual concern of this story acting or the work / art of working. Anthony's struggles indicate a broader existential question, which is deeply buried uncertainty about identity. There is a key, I think, his relationship with his ex-wife Britta (Signe Hasso). He said he never said, or she could become a good actor without inspiration. On another occasion, when he married her, she began her deep recognition with her characters. I'm not sure what to do in this matter, but it's important to me because she pushes him and jealously over her. Perhaps Anthony has put himself in danger in the first place by entering into a serious relationship. The marriage refers to the "union of the soul" in the traditional sense. At the beginning of the film, male and female leaders are divorced. The light of the fact that it's not completely unprecedented (Hawk's comedy "His Girl Swears" in the midst of others), but it does not end up fixing their sex division is particularly unusual and probably important. In a way, the image represents another form of jealousy self-love.
