A double life developed a miracle in the film fans for two reasons: the role of an actor (Othello here) to pick up the actor's great flaw and put it in his life; And the film received the Ronald Coleman Academy Award for Best Actor (also Golden Globe). <br /> <br /> Has Anthony John Coleman's great character, or his signature role? I have any doubts - but it is one of his best characters. Most of his career played Ronald Coleman in a very respectable role, often in dangerous or extraordinary circumstances. He is a criminal offender in the Bulldog drummond (not a proud racist in the production of Gilvine). He is a Rafael, great cricketer and more stolen, trying to get rid of his best exploitation to save a friend's respect. He was Robert Conway, a politician of great empire, who was kidnapped and brought to heaven on the earth, shangi-la. He finds Dick Helder, mentally going to his death after discovering that he has destroyed his masterpiece, and that he is now blind and overwhelmed by the artist. I can add Sydney Carton and Rudolf Rostell to this list. But here he is not heroic. In fact, he is uninformed villain - he murders a man and kills two others. <br /> <br /> He treated his behavior more mentally ill - his behavior was anti-social. <br /> Let me earn Oscar for Calman, Helder, or Carton or Canvas - characters. But the academy has a long tradition of choosing different characters to provide funding for its prominent members. Coleman's Anthony John is a very good show, and is really scary at a time. When she was alone with Saig Hasso in her house, she was arguing over a staircase and base. She said that "Tony" did not see her and asked her to leave. He sees her, unusually hardened by the way he never uses his face, "Oh, nothing!" He starts moving up, scary hasso, and runs into her room. He stops and leaves him. This is actually more than the actual high-level performance of his performance than the assault on Hasso, or his murders of Edmund O'Brien or Shelley Winters. It has shown his blind fury. That moment it (me) was an Oscar-worthy performance. But that moment only. <br /> <br /> His real performance in Othello's Shakespearean role is not great, it is not bearable. Very often he allows his tongue to dialogue roll in a forced singing style (a wonders or reaction due to the coaching of Walter Hampton, perhaps known to how to manage the fantastic character). Today, "Othello" plays an African American actor more than white. The new tradition of Paul Robeson's radiant performance in the role took place. But the film's three major film performances include Ollello's Orlo, in the film Coleman, Orson Wells, and Laurence Oliver in his drama production of Orella. There are three white actors in the black face. Three is my personal favorite Wells, who is very subtle. <br /> <br /> Now Robeson is never angry to perform for his performance (with Jose Fergar), looking at Welles' good movie version. <br /> Now the first question - is a protagonist a character? I heard different things in this regard. Some actors agreed to work with them from the theater or movie set. Others have found the role of stimulating, affecting their lives or a new cause of certain aspects of life. But I have never heard of the character that actually became a cannibal. <br /> <br /> In fact, it was not a new idea for Cockor, Cannon and Gordon in 1947. In 1944, a "B" feature, The Briton Stranger, starring John Ladder, used the same story about an actor from an unquestionable "Jack the Ripper" type, and begins to commit such murders after an accident. The first film of the 1930s was the actor who starred in Othello with his wife's jealousy (I think it's not men who are not Gods, but I'm not sure). But due to Coleman's name and career, and due to Cooker's directing, a double life that people think about when they recall the idea of ​​this plot. It also reached comedy (eventually) in an episode of Cheers where Diane Chambers helped a former criminal, who saw her with Sam Malone kissing and placed them in the bar in the bar. Dean only learns about the former personality problem, and can not delay production for a long time (she attempts to start a discussion of the game's history and symbolically). <br /> <br /> Double life is the first rate of cast, and is perfect for ever to direct Cooker. So the image is definitely worth looking at. But while Coleman is giving an interesting role, it's not his best work on the screen.
