Like many others, I have seen many books and movies about clutter killings, and some dramatic works based on the actions of criminals, including some dramatic writings and my dramatic works - including coppot. I can not forgive Copoft, the confession of Perry Smith, the introductions and the writing from defense advisors. I believe in the facts and facts of the "book" capote "reported" for the two erroneous judgments and death penalties for Capet, I also maintain a successful insanity protection under the old McNaughton rule for Perry Smith. Capote does not write another major literary work after "Cold Blood". Shame and guilt. In my opinion, he willingly encouraged and planned a brutal death penalty to provide an excellent ending for his book / drama. He and two men died to succeed in his book. The book was justified by fear of death sentence. <br /> <br /> The book of Capote is not true. This is not true or journalist. It is drama and drama sprinkled with its own creatively twisted imagination. Many feel that the good features of the contemporary film are considered to be full-fledged images of Capote's mind, all of which may be the coldest blood factor. The audience does not need to be surprisingly surprise, but it certainly prefers Blake's performance. That actor is a nightmare from Capote's fraudulent assumption. <br /> How do you play two killers? What would be the killing of a poetic psychoanalysis from the highest gratitude and compassion to "kill now"? I agree with a few who see the wonderful performance of Eric Roberts, with Shakespeare in the series and still staring the heart. Anthony Edwards takes a very safe "attitude mode" to create a stable hiccock; But he is single-dimensional and boring with just a few notes in his television series. Roberts is almost four-dimensional, a Frankenstein living who thinks of poetry, adds physical weakness and agony to a powerful animal body, knows exactly what to do. Like Leopold LaBebe, Robert Perry Smith is in love with a bad man. Without Hickok or his specialty, Perry Smith did not bring his mental mind into a horror world. <br /> <br /> Roberts and Edwards, who have gained independence from the death of Capote about the consciousness of sexual abuse, and the new product of drama. The same facts from the case record, but obviously more tender and more complicated, such as the titanic psychic pressures - in fact Roberts is very good in this flidic madness, how little is he in each moment of physically and face-to-face <br /> <br /> If our reviewers do not like the movie, especially the Roberts, the cold-blooded killing hope As it is not shown and demands. Because here we are able to create a more realistic "description of life and death" than a cape - a real tragedy. <br /> <br /> "The cold cold-blooded killer, Mr. Capote, and the impact of Capote's life on the" cold blood "and the fact that literature and truth are told by the scholars, then it can be true or true A form of capture, the rank taken from the catheters of the own abyss, is the bite and talent to describe that it is not a cowardly lie.
