I was from Sweden and I saw this movie and the thing is that I thought it was okay. I have seen a lot of bad comments about it, but many of those two episodes of miniseries should remember many people around the world and the USA. Also remember that everyone who's made in the 60s and probably in the events (murders) has ever heard of everyone. And more ... if it's hard to find the original image and so there are people around black / white pictures do not like. This one feels fresh and color and its public will find it. Its 12 years now but I have seen for the first time. If I can compare them, try to find the first one but do not see it anywhere in Sweden. No one in the world has Internet but Internet. The thing here is that it is the largest part of an American crime-history and 50-60: larger. It's just in the USA but in the rest of the world I guess it's in the past. Well it's been said about some time but 40 years later it will go through Europe time because the example will fade. We have our own problems and crimes, and if someone rebuilds the film, get back to some people, it's not a bad idea. A new generation can be part of this horrific story and film about Capote was a witch some years ago. It raises interest to events that took place 50 years ago and is likely to fall in sleep. It started me and now I'm looking for Robert Blake-reform because it's not bad ... huh? It's my views. Some of the course's disagreement, but hey ... its okay. Sometimes remakes are good on older movies. It's not good at the old ones every time. Film-making techniques have evolved and scenes can be more realistic if you like today. Of course it's always a question of money. "Good Old Days" had many movies, but there was no money, bad directors, and they are today remunerating them (50 years later) and suddenly they are okay to see. My friend came with this classic old classic horror movies and s / f and I can not say I'm very impressed with the good old days. Most of them put directly on the cold tree. We are so vulnerable, where we are sitting like zombies ... unable to move ... brain-dead. I can not recommend anyone else. Some of them have seen the reconstructions and I remember that I like them ... but not the original. They're painful and painful. This is like the old story who is the best Bond ... moor or canary ... I'll find you one to trust or perhaps find him to see Roger Moore first ... Thank you and I'm sorry my english is not as good. Lars / Lars from Sweden
