Even though I was not a child, I realized that the family was fun and enjoyable. It is based on the concept of a high school girl, Susan (Elisha Cuthbert), when an elevator becomes a time machine in her upper class apartment building, from a blind scientist to the key elevator lock in a key chain. Learn how to control the machine (somewhat uncertain about the day). <br /> <br /> The film is not a work of serious science fiction. Changing the last 1881 Walker family from a poor change has changed, but change does not come into financial difficulty for the family, so Victoria is not Susan told Susan about her mother's financial problems, such as Susan in the first place There is no reason to change ! Other than that, there are some good touches in the story, such as the old Elevator Panel, which was found in a woman's apartment that found a secretly detected and time machine that does not have a space for the lock machine to activate the time machine. . Like many stories for kids, you should also consider sharing information that is not about a time travel device with parents or other adults, but hide time traveler. </ P> Some of the adult actors have fewer scenes and unmanned shows. (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabriel Bonnie and Matthew Harbor) were all convincing.) In a scene of Native Americans of 1300, Suzanne noticed them and was portraying them. But they do not enter the surprise of a white-skinned girl in this elegant, weird outfit. Their response was just to stop what they were doing and walking towards Susan. In the same scene, the Indian mother is considered to be a baby but it is clearly a doll (its white skin and its head is encircled). <br /> <br /> The first winner, Timothy Busfield, has gained fame in the old "Thirty Something," of TV, somewhat unpleasant, sometimes auditioning. In the other Michel Perron Italian restaurant Superintendent (Concealed Car) is a nose neighbor in his role as a recovered jetras. (Neighboring name Edward Oormondy, which is based on the writer of the novel). I suspect that these problems could not be a director or low budget. <br /> Despite these errors, I recommend the film for kids. In addition to the interesting story, it has some academic value, indicating how little change in technology and social norms will be in two years.
