John Cassavates' 1977 film Opening Night, critics generally called the 'neglect' of such a famous artist. It's a fantastic movie, its own right, and never a movie in the best portraits of a midlife crisis. It is too long in two hours and twenty-four minutes, and a bit more attention to drinking played by the main character Myrtle Gordon, Cassave's wife Jena Rowlands, is the period after we get the point. Eleven years later, Woody Allen's masterpiece, played by Rowlands, is another woman's best film for the internal controversy of the elderly woman. However, Roland has won the Best Actress Award at the Berlin Film Festival, and it is well deserved. This film, written by Coswevates, is often compared to his previous and low-level film, A Women Under the Influence, but this is a fake comparison. The role of Rowlands in the film was initially emotionally disturbed, as well as coming from the blue collar background, but both the characters in the film and the two artists who starred in Allen's film chase the hunters. The ghost of a dead girl who appears as a young doppelagger in the film is her character's own past in the film Allen. 'I have seen many of the drunkards in my time, but I have never seen anyone drinking,' but many of the critics have seen a movie starter telling her that night, like a movie star, You are great! 'But this is wrong, alcohol is not her problem - her chain is not smoker. They are a storyteller, he never allows us to find fault with exactly what Marthal, and although she's coming up by the end, Cassivate's' credit is her own devastating her own destructive cause and she is expecting her to be really the result as there are just diversions from the very thing. In recent years of this sort of clarity, the viewers are exposed to everything, and even if it hurts, their viewers are comfortable not forced to be more daring cassavetes that link directly to European directors. Furthermore, the film recapitulates the effect of a drunken or fever trainer of holistic fog, and viewers will again be subliminally involved in its affairs. Whether Marthal Gordon does not return, every visitor who decides about each of the films in this movie universe is decided by each viewer, and after seeing that cover, one of the options does not matter.
