Observing John Cassavettes film openings night, I remembered that Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview about personal experience of art or acting as a creator. An example he says is that if he ran on a dog he does not end his life to act in a play, it affects him, and that, without doubt, suggests that he should bring that experience to him on stage even if he is a light comedy. "Otherwise," he said, "what am I doing?" I can not help but think of his words when watching Gena Roland's character, Marthal Gordon, who goes through a roughly week-long scenario or a similar scenario. This is more in Cassettet's film, because the theater works around a stellar actress, when the emotion and human nature play a role, and when the one is to each other (Myrtle Gordon) theater. <br /> <br /> At the beginning of this film, a signatory to Myrtle Autographs, a fan of Nancy who comes to his favorite actress, sends his heart to Myrtle. It's a touching little moment, but she needs to get in the car (rain and all of it). She looks at the girl in the horror, which stands to the right of the car, which caused the car to be hit by another car accident. She is not sure what happened, but the next day she learns that the girl will die from the hit. Since then she has been surprised by this sort of system. Initially she shows herself as a fellow with her fellow actor (played by Cassavettes) and shows little in the way that she does not seem to be hit - lack of depth in the role (author: "Nutel says") - but Nancy begins to show herself, Gone, it's true that she's suddenly gone. <br /> If you feel a sense of emotion, then feel it or feel it, and it affects others around the person. " No, or it will be the territory of foreigners for offcast Ben Gazzara    చైనీయుల బుకీలో కిల్లింగ్ లో. కానీ నటులు ప్రతి సన్నివేశంలో వారి పాత్రలకు అవసరమైన అన్నింటినీ వ్యక్తం చేస్తారు; Cassavetes ఒక సన్నివేశంలో A నుండి B ను ఎలా పొందాలో వారికి తెలియదు, మరియు అతను అవసరం లేదు. కాస్సేవేట్స్ చిత్రంలో ఒక మానసికస్థితి ఉంది, అది కొన్నిసార్లు గంగీ కెమెరా-పనిని చేస్తుంది. If you learn about Myrtle, for example, it should have content even if it is not a platform. But she is deeply upset with the drama and drama ("aging, who sees?" She asks the playwright) and affects her around. <br /> The question is not simple. Traditional play leads to controversy 'Will she go on stage, will the show continue?' This is not important for the cousewives, if it's also, the question is, 'Is this better for her?' "The Second Woman" goes on to aid her personal demons and help her to lose her grip on reality (when she watches Salba, and attacks her before strangers attacking her), perhaps "The Second Woman". Or the lack of hope of the play is wrong with her? Rolandes are severely and violently persecuted by her character, and do not think it is predictable, rather than volume - if any, honest about a person in that profession, and subsequently other shows are real, from Gazzar to Nancy, Laura Johnson. <br /> <br /> One of the true thrillers of early acting is not in the cassette's theater, as he does with the great actors who perform spectacular performance. We see the game we've played - and it's obviously a real drama - and we know a little bit about it. When we look at the stage where the actor is performing, we have to and between decline in what drama (touching relationships and dealing with affairs and occasional slap and domestic violence) and the improvement of actors. I really start to go to Merltie or in the climax, in the climax, to see how much Cassavetes allowed to make other actors really wondered watching really. He is also on the stage, so let it work for them to advance and something happens. <br /> <br /> It's funny, surprising, chilling, edge-of-your seat stuff, some of the best theater-on-the-picture scenes ever so far put in a movie, and we look amazingly between lines between the blur, theater, the movie actor, the actor actor . Opening Knight is a powerful drama that is full of fun and madness, reality and fiction, among people who love the name of Frank, and really, finally, what does 'acting' mean?
