It was once suggested by Paneen Kayal, who never suggested a fan of Casvaves as an actor rather than an actor. Kell refers to the lack of a modern film as a film producer; To make that comparison, Casservates seems to be directing a film that seems like Orson Wells, as Cassettes has set himself up in his own creation. Casavets are very intellectual, just like the verle, but the real artist (against technical or rhetoric) is the most important. It is like a cross between the Italian hobby (the Greeks are actually Greek) and the Scandinavian interfaces. <br /> <br /> It is about the mystery, performance, and the mystery of acting. As a haunted Skip James record, it all got echoes of ghosts all around. Roundup failures, which are surprising from stupefying and cavities, are combined with a jump, unsettling piano. Who is this dead girl? The metaphysical possibilities are endless, and this is a matter of surprise in the Cassavevates film, the introspection of the public appearance (even in the slightest voiceover in the beginning). But, he is always wise, he never just lifts it around for the sake of appreciation. It is not "adaptation"; Here, the combination of reality and fiction and drama can not show intellect but it does not show the inner turmoil and chaos. <br /> <br /> There's a lot going on. Pleasant, delightful love when Rowland is talking to his janitor; Horror bites herself ... She talks about how she dedicated her life to art and music, one of the most influential shows to be a fan. You can see some of its origins in "A Star Born", and Almodówor received it for "All About My Mother". I feel a little bit of a disappointment that's enough to laugh because the ending, but the manufacturing led to it is almost sickening. (You can shoot me, but alcoholism, despite its urgency in the scenes, is very little about the film.) <br /> <br /> It's a lifestyle, breath, and a process: any time you can go in any direction. Like "Cherry flavor," "It should never be forgotten, it's a game only." And it's dangerous: is not it a great play when Rowlands says this line? How does the audience take? Is she reflexive or she does not care? The failings of her (character's) failures were included, and eventually the film was seen by a woman James Dean. 10/10
