Yesterday, I went to the monthly ancient flea market in town. I'm not interested in such things, but I have gone for the cohort of friends who have such interest. Looking at hundreds of vendors, many of them went quickly, I sold VHS tapes and DVDs. He has a number of movies on DVD; My favorite work was co-starring Carrie Grant-Irene Dunne in 1940. But VHS tapes, by their nature, are mostly old films. I could not stop buying something because I sold it on 3 tape for $ 10.00. As Eddie Murphy says, what is a bargain. I came across a movie that I had heard about for years but never seen: the opening night of John Cassavettes (1977). Well, I definitely wanted to be a Gena Rowlands fan, and I heard that this film has one of her best performances. He also has FACES (1968). When I saw this thing 20 years ago, it was time for me to never have enough life experience to congratulate me. And I wanted to take advantage of the bargain, so I caught it one too. My other choice is CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970). <br /> When I came home, I decided that I would like to do the work that I wanted to see the sponsored night. I have done this movie completely. Outside town previews, the stage faced with personal and professional problems for both the character and the theme of aging fondness, focuses on screen and screen celebrity actress Myrtle Gordon (Jenna Rowlands). After a rehearsal, an avid fan and autograph Hound called her "I love you! I love you!" A few minutes later, this fan is beaten and killed. She has to face her fears of old age, the future of her career as a mature actress, and the errors that appear in the drama (written by Joan Blondel, a very old female playwright). Throughout the film, she sees her dead girl, a clear sign of her past; Almost constantly drinks; And she has strong support from the director (Ben Gazzara), producer (Paul Stewart), her dress (John Cassavates himself) and the playwright. In fact, she's more concerned about how her behavior affects them and their careers: rolling lines on the stage, improving the new lines, usually cracking on stage, and thoroughly thriving at Broadway. <br /> <br /> The story not only solves aging issues, but also serves to promote the disgrace of the conservatives with major film-making. When I saw the film, I was amazed, confused, entertained, frustrated, eventually involved, entertained, and satisfied. Cassavites really had a great sense of humor, his audience understood what he meant and most thought them wanted the emotional connection in the story. He initially suggested everything about Eve with the use of an avant-garde theater fan wearing a young girl in a smile and hat wearing by Anne Backer. In contrast to aging and elderly woman, this principle is clearly supported in support of its aging background. He apparently uses contradictory as a symbol for confronting Myrtle's own lost youth. At first, I thought the marks were very clear, but I realized that I was the Cosavevates intention. He did not misunderstand what he was saying to his audience; If they do, it interferes with their emotional intervention. The devil, the devil haunts Mittel, attacks her and wants to destroy her. Myrtle eventually "kills", but before she really ends up with her and drama, she should reach below (another symbolic death?). So Cassettes stayed drinking and she should not go to the dressing room at night on Broadway. She has renewed herself (in such a scenario is the most important to the subject of the movie) and by changing the direction of the play for a good game by winning and improving the game by playing a great show, which has played some hopes for the aging role. These scenes are funny and interesting. Cassavates and Rowlands play directly before the audience, who realized that they were part of a movie and did not know. The game they're doing is also contrary: Until it changes its storm, it is primarily and self-contained about the problems. By doing so, she improves her co-stars. The natural evolution of interaction between humans, mutual reality and universal truth (achieved through improvisation) - These are the concerns of Cassavettes in making films. <br /> <br /> Glass is awesome throughout the Rowlands. In fact, her great face, and Cassavettes (which is in love with her throughout their marriage), we see many close relationships, so that we can experience her emotions and know what's going on inside her. She will give you much attention to this role if you want to see her work work out of this crisis from this crisis of spirit. And will have your attention for 2 hours and 30 minutes. The film is timely deliberate and requires constant attention, but someone who is interested in good film-making and great performances will be rewarded. Others say that this is a movie for people who love movies. All others forewarned. <br /> If you do not see it, you will seek the early night. It's amazing for everyone, and it's one of Cassave's best movies.
