**** <br/ <br /> <br /> Yep! The type of an image wearing kills. It's like California, but it's different. Remember? Since 1993, the film has been featured as a Brad Pitt serial killer, some of the passengers traveling to California "have welcomed" passengers, who are a good company along the way. If the surprises are cool, I'd like to see any story about the plot when I see a story before I watch. How is it with California? The first time I saw last year, I did not realize it was a suspense film, so when I found out, I was surprised, and when the movie went, it was also good and I'm at the edge My seat, almost my monitor kissing, I'm close! So, we're discussing the Killed Today, right? Before seeing this film (today!), I saw only 2 other films from Bryan de Palma, so I'm not really sure about his work, but these 2 films are far away from me. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I saw Kary on TV, I was really disappointed to get a DVD copy and I would say: This movie is great! Mission: Impossible also. And today, I've seen a third movie from Depalma. <br /> <br /> When Kelly goes to the movie, it's completely different than you expected. I'm very curiously looking at the museum's scene, where Dickinson follows his cab to a cab and they end up in an apartment room. You can imagine what happened there. But when the film reached the scene of the elevator, the film went completely different. I'm looking for the rest of the film and I really liked it. However, there are fewer points ... some of the characters in this movie are totally silent! Take, for example, a mysterious man from the museum scene. I always thought I could say something but he never did! It's totally ridiculous and there is no doubt that I am going to change my mind by accepting this film almost as a masterpiece. In a cab scene that Dixon had attempted to apologize about what had happened in the museum, the silent man invaded her, pulled her inside the cab and started to kiss each other. As you know, it reminds me of the Mexican TV series of "El Chao Del 8" of 70, some characters are completely silent. Getting past these low points of the film, it's actually a great movie considering suspense, letters and plots. Dinis Franz Detective Marino as cool! Die Hard 2 (1990) reminded me of Captain Lorraine, where he played the same kind. <br /> <br /> When this review is over, the cut off to Carrie ends in Carrie! I do not know if I really liked it, because I hate the imitators! I understand Carrie from Derlema ​​is a movie, so this is not actually a simulation because it's his idea. But it turned out to be a recurring idea in Dreamed to Kill, so that Dapalma could do something different from Nanny Allen, who had just been in the wrong ending of Kannier's ending to Amy Irving from a bad dream. It's undoubtedly another low point. But if you take this past, it's a good picture to cut to Kill, and I'm assured that it does not look and see it anyway.
