In France, it is considered to be polite from French critics, and Bruni de Palma is the genuflect for the explicit cohesive chains of the images behind him. However, "Curry" (1976), "The Fury" (1978) "Scarface" Here, in "Dare to Kill", it is impossible to think of a "Vertigo" (1958) for a long shot in the museum, but without a mention of his loans from Hitchcock The moment will inevitably be considered a "psycho" (1960) shower anthology sequence. I did not want to restore the old debate about our shared film: De Palma Hitchcock? Instead, I try to "be generous" and classify myself in the "Sisters" (1973) and "Paula's winners' section, along with" The Abscession "(1976). But there are some reservations and they have mentioned that I have already had to deal with dea Palma's fierce fans and his enemies. <br /> <br /> <br /> In the film "Killed To Dress", which produces regular deals, it is directed by De Palma's matured director. He drives his camera as a filmmaker. His sophisticated camera work is susceptible to the increased fuel tension and uncomfortable brightness. The audience is glued easily before the screen. It can be used by the use of long silent scenes, everything at this time depends on reflection and gestures. By the way, in "Psycho", there are also very quiet and vibrant parts. <br /> <br /> De Palm's 1980 vintage main drawback is that the quality of the plot is not desirable and many formula related to many of the murder stories are rehash of corny materials. The only witness of prostitution offense. Then, she was suspected by the police and had to take action against her to find the murderer and to prove her innocence (with her little help from the scene from the scene from the subway). Delmalah is a menu that is shining again, without being a dishonest one, rather than using a kind of character. And the filmmaker reflects his film everyday at a beginning. Yes, it's a wonderfully portrayed but when its true function finds a toy: "It's almost grateful". <br /> <br /> In the scenes of De Palma's Two Central Mainprints of De Palm, De Palma is likely to want his film to be more than an hour and a half. Patches on manipulation and emotions. The next theme will look like almost a soft romantic movie from the first scene, in "Dressed to Kill". And the filmmaker was not afraid to portray his main actress and wife Nancy Allen in her underwear. I'm skeptical about this theme. But the first sequence was considered a mirror to the viewer and de Palma wanted to move towards his emotional team. <br /> <br /> I do not want Demon in all de Paula's work. His prestigious work of dealing with the story of the world's weakness and its suspicious aspects of the story. Twenty-six years later, he was not ready for disputes between film moves.
