Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) has had problems in her marriage - and enough to see a psychologist. When her progression becomes difficult for her, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who is surrounded by the trial, also has a viewer to get to know the identity of the psycho killer. <br /> Historically important. This is one of the earliest examples of contemporary trilogy, hiding all the way hidden in this work and sequ (2005). It's odd that director Brian De Palma is primarily trying to hit the Hitchcock hopper. For example, de Palm literally lifts Vertigo (1958) parts to Kill's infamous museum scene. The Kills shower scenes, as well as its antagonist and mortality, have similarities to Psycho (1960). De-Palma also has a reputation as a reciprocal motif with Hitco's favorite composer Bernard Herman's style. <br /> <br /> "Effective stream, this effect is partially because Kyl is committed to the time of the end of this period, and countless other directors call de Hulk And almost every element has been improved, so now that, after 25 years worth of thrillers, Kild wore many difficulties, scary, structurally clunky We plot-wise <br /> <br /> An element of unfortunately not improved film is wearing kills sex and nugnath scenes.Dickinson and Allen both operate full frontal nagnat (from Allen's very sloped perspective), and de Palm is usually a contemporary feature Dickinson's chest, strongly unconscious and more decent romantic Some of the scenes are soft-I'm a fan of humility - the puritanical, monoamistic, sheltering attitude of our culture towards sex and nudity, so from my perspective, the costumes of Kyle's importance on meat and its pleasures are not strong Or one of the few things missing in the film story. <br /> <br /> It is also good to show cinematography and some scenes directed by De Palma, but it is desirable, but they are not allowed to sue due to cultural controls from traditional slippery shirts. It's hard to do something better than de Palmana. He has a weird and distinctive approach that is closest to him and he liked shots from interesting angles like overhead views across the long cuts on the sets and James Walk-like tracking. But later the directors are shining, but it's hard to say that they're fine. The museum scene is capable of producing a less subtle manuscript and a panorama or both, following the Kate through the intricate cloud lines of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, since paying attention to the story, and especially to watch a thriller, everything can be very slow and crazy beyond the museum scene and beyond everything. Due to its primary concerns, the start is not a very well-integrated attempt and it is dangerous, since the mainstream of the film is removed and directed by the director (along with the cultural facts). If the first murders occur, things improve, but with the final effect of the film, much improvement is now a bit cliche and occasionally hokey. <br /> <br /> Although Michael Cain is used, and Dickinson has to quit quickly than we like (but exit is needed and very efficient). Kill is the least likely to have your interest until the end of dressing, but the facts that are not in the picture are not exactly at the age. At this time it is better to portray the historic relic, for example - not even some of Delmala's directional works.
