Just as I was watching a HBO with my brother and his best friend, I ended watching watching the grove tube first I had seen 23 years ago when I was staying up my bedtime way past a teenager. We saw the Animal House before, so we saw two movies featuring two SNL Alunea and some naked breasts. The best thing our parents are asleep all the time! However, Uranus Industries has a lot of unnatural and funny things like the eye-openers like the 25th sequence of commercial trade (like "beef recipe flavored"), the talk of puppet face (unofficially human exhaust, white tube, Ewww!) Or talking about VD A scratoma with a small penis glued eyes on). Chevy Chase and Richard Beller have made their film appearances here. Chase removes a woman from having sex with "Let's Fingers Do It", or co-writer / director Ken Shapiro is drumming his head over his head, singing "Four Leaf Clover". A black binder with Beller featuring a jerk bit in "The Dealers" and a jerk bit in "Channel One Evening News" in the movie "The Dealers" where Tantras are trying to make a reporter in the role of Lionel. "Lionel, I'm going to ride like a Cho-Choo like a train!" Among the other worst bits, "The Coco Show", a kid's clown performer, "The Coca-Show", has been asked by his tenant viewers, such as "ten people" to leave the room, and passages of "Funny Hill"! Or how the announcement on the Olympic section is made disturbing on the screen when they get a German couple twilight by two men (one of them Spanish) get "stand by please"! Or in the animated section on "Dealers" that dapi drops some of the dancing toilets! Everything is not dirty. Finally, with the "First Leaf Clover" skit, the most entertaining musical segment with Ken Lip is synchronized with his own recordings of "Just You, Just Me", and dance to the city around the city (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fide Movie) and possibly Saturday Night Live As the first actor) and some, however, a strange, funny movie. Dated items can still amuse today. PS I wished to listen to Curtis Mayfield's "Move On Up" during the Gorillas Dancing / Hitchhiking Sequence, when I was running from the car, hitchhiker's order and the woman who took him, run, and then naked. It is one of those 70s ...
