You know what they say about the age of 70. One of the few things I should remember about the 70s is that the hippie and hip social satire is entirely seen as the underground's counter-culture perspectives from The Grove Tube. If humor appeared to some viewers now unknown or intellectual, it has taken place over the past 30 years and humor is 'not fresh'. But hey! This is the first when it comes out of the movie .. and some of these scouts are being done for the first time ... when Nixon was in office, the Vietnam War gained momentum, the sexual revolution was in full swing. And J.Edgar Hoover was still responsible for the FBI. This is the first one to take a big swipe at the film made before it was broken broke by Watergate .. At the same time it and hippies make fun. And frankly, some skits are still dead funny. If you liked Chic and Chang's "Smoke Up" you will love this movie. <br /> If you want to know what you really like in 70s .. check out the grove tube out .. If you liked the Oscar winner from the same year "Network" and thought it was appropriate on Mark in his Savage look on TV, you should take the grove tube .. It moves on the background but plays from the angle of the audience. The young viewers who pulled the TV back in favor of other entertainment .... We grew up in the Ozzy & Harriet "Late It to Beaver", Fathers Knows Best, My Three Sons .. Happy Days ... So with experiments with new life-styles we find ourselves in our perspective It is our joy to see the box sending. Uranus Corporation's commercial statements alone are precious. "The good things come from Uranus ..." and the sudden break in the Fritz the Cat-style animation is still the best when hippies weed. <br /> <br /> If you like Kentucky Fried movie, you'll love this movie. <br /> <br /> Do you ever wonder why your unholy uncle, Harold, is still in the eye of the evil light when you think back to your college days? <br /> It will be the right picture to see. A memo of the times ... and forget them 70's A Sassy Small Picture that will help us all who forget.
