Four swashbucklers from France who have scheduled to watch this Christmas Season are the last: others (in order of view) the upcoming Black Tulip (1964; but not nearly as good as the same director), the surprisingly influential Lady Oscar (1979; it started as a Japanese manga) and the amazing CARTOUCHE (1962). Actually, I watched this one long ago on Italian TV last night and reminded me that I really did not bowled by it, so surprised how much it enjoyed at this time (also the lack of mind binding <br /> "Fanfan LA Tulp" Only the cast and crew members (producers Georges Danzigers and Alexandre In fact, the hero is a fiery girl (in this case, the Gypsy of Jean Paul Belmando's Cartouche also has a military spell briefly) (although in the case of Gypsy, Gina Lollobrigida) is loved by the king's daughter)! Like the next film, Fanfan (who is a ridiculously fond of Giraffe Phillip, who had previously lived full of life, had difficulty believing he would suffer from cancer over the course of seven years) was fun and yet cowardly men (one of whom was actually his elder officer and heroine's own father) and his own ranks (The young Rogvervette, opposed, Veera Hero in the end he gorgeous models on a roof duel gypsy girl); For the record, Philip will return to Lollobrigida's next film, René Clair's delightful romantic fantasy LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). <br /> <br /> FANFAN proved to be a big box office hit on its home ground and was also surprised at the popular Audition Award at Cannes, AN American IN Paris (1951), Detective Story (1951), Othello, Umberto D. and Viva Japáta (But well deserved)! In fact, its popularity includes a re-release of a computer-color version (perhaps for a benefit to a black-and-white product with a ten-foot pole) and a criterion DVD also from this version; Clearly there is a foreign language title, the dubious choice of the English-Dubbing soundtrack, however, when it's all done and done, there is no original alternative, even though it's not particularly painful to consider. <br /> <br /> Fanfan LA Toolpie (a nickname, known as the young Genevieve award Madame de Pompour), has a lot of humor (imagined) action and romance; Some can get this worried feeling, I enjoyed a satirical satire and overall, this combination can be compared with Gerard's Advents (1970) with the equivalent betrayal of Jersey Skolimowski. Here are the knife switches, especially when looking back to vintage Hollywood fare, as I have now done for a glossy corporation (especially a clash in Woods and a sudden invasion in a convent) and in the film (eg with a coarse language embraced throughout many aspects of sexuality); Climax, then very ingenious: the enemy forces (who, amusingly, made up to speak up in bizarre up fast!) Played by Marcel Herrand, who are so depressed by our heroic trio alone, the king's surprise too? Which of these is credited to the role of the Parisian helmath in Marseille Carne's Paradise (1945)? <br /> <br /> "An Italian TV Channel Month has now threatened to screen SAVAGES (1964) for the ready-made champagne of Christian-Jack, but three times already (with the temporary fourth week) programming, Not yet shown; a three - hour epic, LA Charturus de Paré (1948, starring Gerard Phillip), The SECOND TWIN (Natyanist VHS Pyle also has three films ), 1967) and The Legend of King Fren (1971, Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinal).
