One of the greatest Western countries of all time! But unlike many other things, not nature, horses, shootouts etc., but instead a rifle, Winchester '73, and how the rifle affects and influences others. A rifle country, breathing, not human, right? You believe that you are not. But it has its own mind, both are the same: at the end its true owner will retrieve, however, throughout the rest of the movie, its unprivileged "owners" do their best to ensure that it does not show content until it returns to the original owner, so randomly, Always lose it or save it Show all try to put it back, James Stewart, it's "content". But it is not for everyone in the owners. Stewart, in fact, since he won. McNally is not because he is dirty and stolen. Drake is not sure, he probably loses it in some poker game, and besides, Drake is very shy to fight, so why should he be a kind of rifle if he does not even use it? Duri is not, because he is a chickling maniac, and we all know that chuckling maniacs are not deserving guns. The film has Noir edge, only Western countries such as Ax-Bo Incident. The Western type of Noir is different from the 30 and 40 Bogart films. Although my personal favorite "River Bend", this is one of the best of five Stewart-Westerns. The other four has become much more different than this. I do not think it's a random one to see the color that is the other four, and it's black and white. This is due to Noir edge. In all five movies, the prototype and dark clock is part of Stewart's film, which is not just Stewart's dark side but is actually not a part of the character, but is not listed in credits, but one that you only recognize and knows that it exists. Nevertheless, not the vengeance and the darkness of the past, but the superficiality, and the roles that are much different than Stewart have surpassed the other four in all aspects. But Stewart never crosses. But he runs the line between light and darkness. Black and White played such an important role in the film. They all are black and white, or they all have color. But this is black and white, and the other four hue, and there's a good reason for that.
