"Addictive" is a feature I have heard many times when speaking about some TV shows. More recently, the plays, such as Last, Heroes and Prison Break, have gained that explanation. However, they may be waiting for a few days before seeing the next episode of some series (and they are really), and Prison Break is also classified as "New 24". With all respect, there is no such thing, and good reason: based on the real time construction of any other silver screen thriller. I do not see anything other than what's going on, except for a full-length season (on DVD) for a period of seven days or less. That's why the frickin 'clock starts ticking, it can not be tuned. <br /> <1 day events One day NYPD Blue's trademark (more recently, Deadwood); The last season of a new series, one of the episodes (original show time 41 minutes, and 19 other commercials occupied during telecast in Tele), the most sensational idea from Hill Street, introduced the Blues Non-Linear story (a compulsory item ). <br /> <br /> Strangely, the creators have discovered that Joel Sarno and Robert Kochron are more suitable for the conspiracy theory. ), Perhaps this is the hero's first glimpse of the happy glimpse of happiness: Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) is playing Chass playing with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert), and minutes later, Terry (Leslie Hope), he is a laser with an aesthetic wife. In The Sopranos, the unexpected and surprising thing is behind the corner: Kim is not pulling out of his room, and Jack also calls on the phone to urgently work. Time for anxiety? I'm scared: Bayer is a CTU (Counter Terrorist Unit) Agent, and his owner David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert), earned a credible Intel about the successful hit of the life of an African-American presidential candidate, Angels for the whole day (Oh, right, I almost forgot : Events take place on the primary day of the President of California). Then it's time for napping: the jack case should spend the next 24 hours working. Unfortunately, he has a tendency to ignore the protocol, and does not sit well with a soft man, George Mason (Exorter Berkeley) from the division to intervene with that action. <br /> <br /> The plot is very small, it is very difficult to recommend for those with less care, but anyone willing to be examined will be rewarded immediately: the writing is sharp and accurate, the details are exaggerated and the suspense is stable, Another great quality character of this pilot: Many genre performances (science fiction and thr (A textbook example is CSI, character improvement is less, but it fits the particular style of the show), the 24th Dynamic first line offers a thorough sequence of totally rounded people (Sutherland's best role - Never ever!) And Palmer (the real rendition of the show) is complete after an episode ( The distinction between job and family, negligence of humanity, second honor and great integration) is illustrated. The auxiliary parts are bordered on stereotype (Mason and Tony Almeida), but two factors should be considered: a) the first part; B) Many viewers do not complain about "error" or both. After all, how many network programs start with conspiracy, a missing teenage and a massive explosion - and the remaining season are equally satisfying materials. <br /> Tick, Talk, Tick, Talk ...
