It looked like a great idea on paper: the average guy on the rebound was spent on the tight bookie museum curator, a hot superhero that saves the world daily. However, director Evan Reidman and their hero, Dan Payne ("Simpson's"), their hero G-Girl (featuring Striking Uma Thurman), Superhero and the secret identity man Jenny Johnson, both counted countless countless calculation as a whole nut job. The film was also released in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Sanders (Luca Wilson). Jenny is like G-Girl what prompts Matt to ask. Matt replies, "Is she the kind of nutty?" I think Jenny (Thurman) should be this lonely young girl, no one in her life, and her great physical powers are different. Thurman does her best, but she is a horrific mental swing with Jenny Prozac's dire need. <br /> <br /> "My Super-X-Girlfriend" is also a serious victim of a bad time at the end of the tail of "Superman Returns", Luca Wilson is very serious. Speaks directly to the character of the superhero, to talk. With all its quirky and inconsistent writing, I still feel "my super ex-girlfriend" funny and funny. This may be a good thing because Ivan Reiman is a film. Reitman starts with a great premise, and really makes it misuse. First off, we all love the hero. Jenny or G-Girl does not like this here. This is usually a surprise for Uma Thurman, the attractive and powerful presence. Initially her Jenny / G-Girl was just plain unusual. Shocking. If there is a woman who plays a superhero, she is a turmeric, she is very good. In the end she became more sarcastic with Jenny, instead of irony. Although "My SuperX" is not a linear superhero story, rather than a romantic comedy, it does not offer what every superhero mythology needs - a great super villain. Here we are really bad light Professor Bedel aka Bari (Eddie Ezzard). He is not Lex Luthor. There are no plans for global dominance. Besle Bedel gets revenge on Bar-G-Girl, and is associated with their shared deadline. What's wrong with you? Do you spend time with bedtime or a G-girl? Luke Wilson's Matt is "some man" who will be hooked with mental superheroes. One of the most unpleasant things he has done, is that he confides in his repugnant losing friend Vaughn (Rain Wilson is doing a nasty whacked-out hypocrisy). Wilson sometimes plays a slightly dense role, and it reduces his favorite attraction. However, it works with Jenny's comic sex scene. Matt dating Jenny / G-Girl finds he is in love with his co-worker Hannah (Punky Anna Faris). So how does it break with Matt G-Girl? <br /> <br /> Dramatic superhero films work. Romantic comedies with chemistry work. The superhero white disguised disguise as romantic comedies can be harder in the underlying. Everyone loves the hero. However, the hero nut job? Maybe not. With all Uma Thurman's talent she could not achieve this confidence. And she did not get enough support from Reidman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough attraction and presence to survive their narrative failures. "My Super X-Girlfriend" is fun and funny. Despite all the participants, the film could have been super.
