It all starts with suicide. Or is it a car accident? Depending on whether I chose to start at the beginning or the end. Director Gabriele Muncino gives you the ability to enter his new film Seven Pounds. He starts at the end and first works back on his way, showing the course of events that led us to the 911 call that removes that heart. It's a powerful image; Perhaps when it comes to me, it works best when it really touches me, but when I play dramas I will very much, because this is very difficult. My head bells after leaving the theater. And this is us overrated, sappy, and happy from the team that brought all that zealous pursuit, so I'll say my defense is closely guarded for a big letdown. For all, I have seven pounds from the initial frame until I rolled out the credits. Although Smith's role is to determine what he does, he is trying to complete the mystery, which he shines, so that you can go with bright tone and a tearful smile at the end. <Br /> <br /> Our entry point is a bit jarring, leaving us kilter off of us trying to comprehend what is happening. Smith has a list of Thomas names, we do not know and he is one of those people who are trying to follow and audit. Working with the IRS will give him the chance to see whether these strangers are a gift to reward them for a glimpse of their lives, a gift that completely changes their circumstances. He calls the old child friend (Barry Pepper) and remembers what his promise to do, not to judge his decision, because his mind did not change. Even in the small part of Pepper, you will not be able to help the sadness in the background of everybody's head hanging on your head. This is probably his character, probably three times, which really has the primal level of emotion. <br /> When his paternalistic, tear-stripes and tone or arms are combined, the relationship between these two men will have time and test under any circumstances to come. Travel begins to meet new people. Thomas is a kind of mission to help reduce ill health problems, trying to stay afloat despite medical bills and heavy burden of survival. This progress takes many turns from "blind, vegan, meat salesman", where Barrett is to see if he can explode it; For a phase two donor-requiring heart patient, she can not print the correct line, or she runs with the Great Dane Duq; Latino's mother, who was both abused and scared, was very afraid to leave her boyfriend; A dying hockey coach who has faith in a suppressed youth community; A little boy who needs a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with the pain and indispensable future wanting to be fearless and fearing every day and there are those that are trying to beat it by cutting the corner and spending all their money to spend those who need to go out of it. Why not find out why at this point, why this man deserved to be up to Thomas and to his "gift" lunch, why this man has seen in the past like an aeronautical engineer with a beautiful wife and huge opposite home, now lives in a motel, a beat-up Driving the car, the door goes to the audit for the IRS. <br /> <br /> Smith Quest, like Thomas, is a long and painful one, which makes clear and sincere compassion. As a person with helpful tools, he takes his job seriously, tries not to correct people, and tests the trustee who he believes. If he did, he would cry and if he had to make fun of them, he would do it. At every step, you see the pain in his eyes, the pain he eats in his soul, takes every step of his fate, not only to those who want to help, but also as a saint of liberation. It's an award-worthy show and I only wish Smith more plays like this instead of his blockbuster action summer tentpoles, when they are fun, this guy is very good for them. <br /> <br /> The rest of the person in my mind is very much in my mind or at least in my mind. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is starred across the board. Woody Harlson is the pitch-perfect handicap for life as a blind salesman. His cowardly smile and human belief are on the phone when they are moving on the phone, sitting on his own eating meals or listening to the piano in the park and listening to everyone. Elpidia Carrillo, like the abusive mother, looks fantastic, fears showing a hard evolution from imposing completely overwhelmed by the stranger's kind, allowing her family to finally be safe. And Rosario Dawson shines "once hot" young man, hitting and breaking a long hospital time, giving love and happiness in a life of living. It opens her eyes again that Smith's Thomas introduces herself to a woman, a free-spirited sexual creature who just feared she feels wondering any day.
