Seven pounds, which I'm a movie, Will Smith is really going for the movies "I'm Going to Kill You". One thing I can give him a ton of credit, can cry man. As my only thing, as moving into the story, Will Smith has proven time and time again that he can work, so why is he taking this very depressing story? But it's still a good movie. I agreed to sigh, but I thought this actress was Rosario Dawson, I love this girl and I saw her in the last 25 hours with Ed Norton, I know this girl is going to go a long way. She is beautiful, lovely, funny and talented and can not wait to see how long she will pursue her career. <br /> <br /> Two years ago Tim Thomas was in a car accident. Using his mobile phone; Seven people were killed: six strangers and his fiancée. One year after the crash, and leaving his job as an aeronautical engineer, Tim helped his brother Ben to donate a lung lob to an IRS employee. After six months he donated a child named Holly as part of his liver. Then he begins searching for more candidates to receive donations. He found Georg as a junior hockey coach and donated a kid to him and subsequently donated a bone marrow to a young Nicholas. Two weeks before he dies, he contacts Holly and asks the person he wants to help. She refers to Connie Tepos, who lives with an abusive boyfriend. Tim goes out of his house and takes his pet jellyfish and enters the local motel. One night, after hitting, Connie contacts Tim and she gives her the keys and documents to his beach house. She goes to her two children and their new home. As he stole his brother's credentials and knows his brother's name by Ben, he will check the candidates for his two final donations. Ezra Turner is the first to be a blind vegetarian meat seller who plays the piano. Ezra Turner calls Tim, and hurts him to check if he is quickly angry. Ezra is calm and appreciates herself. He then introduced the contacts Emily Pose, a heart condition and a self-employed greeting card printer with a rare blood. She spent time with her, incorporating her garden, and fixing her rare Hydelberg printer. He begins to fall in love with her, and when her condition deteriorated, he decided to make a donation. <br /> <br /> Seven pounds is a good film and no doubt is valuable, I just rented the theater. Smith pulls in a good acting, but is not his best, just too much film he needs to cry in every scene, but the last one with him is an incredible thing. But I loved the ending, it was beautiful and really did not take you for the life you appreciate and sanctioned. There are still good people in this world and Ben's character will value life and remind you to give to those who desperately need it. <br /> <br /> Although he went away a little, it is still a beautiful story. <br /> <br />
