The film is one of the best short films I have ever seen - and in all major film festivals I've made a point, especially the industry that I've seen a lot to be "the best". I'm not a fan of Monaghan. His acting is usually overwhelming and unpleasant, and his only good appearance in Lost, so I usually try to avoid him. However, a few years ago I did absolutely absolutely amazed to see the subject at the film festival. This director knows what he really is doing. In fact, you can not understand a good movie and move the trolls (or just innocent people) that have been pulled out of a low-budget work because there is no idea what went into it. But fortunately, when I came to this gem, I saw that there was a minority. <br /> <br /> The film does not work in any budget, and a couple of supporting actors still use the task because it is still true. The value of the product is very low, but what can you expect for the first realistic picture from those who are still in high school? Budget does not matter a moment pretend. If some of the acting is removed, the quality of sound (in fact is not the filmmaker's fault, I see this festival and the sound happened ... I guarantee the touch of the DVD) and in fact it is portrayed in the small DV, then what are you left behind? <br /> <br /> You can tell the story of the story. The story, visual composition and the spirit of the film are undoubtedly flawed. Very clear. She can write better and more attractive scripts than many in Hollywood, creating a shot list that congratulates the story and enjoys awards, in this high budget, to bring life into a charismatic and creative design. More experienced actors, better sound post production, and 35 mm Instead of mini-DVs and trolls can not complain. Keep in mind that this girl is amazing, and keep in mind that the insomniac was a good few years ago, made some amazing work from her. An Angel shows the trailer for dreams, and I can not wait to see her complete high-budget stuff. 9/10 stars, a hell of a film from the hell of a filmmaker.
