Brand Houser (John Cusack) is the murderer for the CIA. He ordered the United States to "liberate" Turaquistan and ordered the killing of a businessman, Omar Sharif. This is because the American compound, Tamerlane, will not stand for the sheriff and oil man, who has put his own pipeline through Turkmenistan, which has "switched back" to the country. But once there is a problem with the brand. He meets a true journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tommy), who wants to talk about the "real" story of the American definitive event ... and about Tamerlane. But the brand is concerned that Natalie's bright face and sharp mind will force him to immediately lose sight of his mission. Also, his cover of the Trade Show host makes it to meet the country's pop-singing princess, Yonica (Hilary Duff), who marries at the conference center. Her wedding arrangements will also be the young diva that keeps the brand's attention away from the coming assassination. Can you organize his mission for the satisfaction of the brand Tamerlane Big Bass, former Vice President (Don Ackroyd), with other puzzling underlines and difficulties? Although it's not very good, it's good for you to make this movie John Cusack. In Serbia, fire broke out, one of today's Iraq is a worthy sight, a country has been downgraded. In a stroke illusion, the green zone is known as "The Emerald City" and aptly for these Oz-like neighborhoods, tries to keep the warships in the Metropolis in remaining battles. The cast is very good, Cusack has a good job and supports Tommy, Jon Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others. Duff, in particular, is heavily-heavily-heavily-made, intellectual-battle-trapped Baghdad's entertainment clothing and other product values ​​are top-notch because it hurts. For the script, it's not always cohesive but there are definitely some amazing dialogue and sights. For example, a young turquoise boy offers to show the brand an enemy hideout, instead of money and confectionery. The brand produces cash, because he does not have any candy, the boy will shoot his vehicle anyway. Brilliant! Then, also, the direction is not the whole victory but most often do not log. No, if you have conservative leinings, you probably will not like a bit of this movie. But, if you have an open mind and want to see with a sarcastic view of "War on Terrorism," it's a very good performance. So, make an effort to see this because you're going to support selected filmmakers to pick up movies from those old studio "formulas".
