Deena Durbin, then 14 and just under contract with MGM, made a minor character in 1936, co-starred with Judy Garland for the first time in her two years as a teenager. Louis B. Meyer decided that he did not need two competing young singers, putting his wager on Garland and allowed Durbin to go. Universal immediately signed Durbin and took her to three smart girls and rewritten the screenplay to send her piece. She is the last, but the neon lights around her name are typical. Universal Durbin is a smash, and they are convinced they are right. The three smart girls are less musical and more a screwball comedy, and when Durbin, 15 was released, it joined the Ablumb. She is Penny Craig, and she and her elder sisters, Joan and Kay, decided to save their mother's divorced father, from an elegant golden digger with a beautiful mother. They talk about their way from Switzerland to New York City and where their father lives. Not only do they break their father's marriage, but ten years later, they plan to reunite their father with their mother who loves him. Can Durbin sing a song or two songs in her warm, sweet soprano? Nope. Will girls succeed? Have any doubt? Along the path that looks like the love and bridal material with K and Zone No, again. Years later, Durbin stated that she could never miss the Miss Fixite forever. She is right, but in three smart girls, in her first film, she has a slightly missed fixative song down. Durbin is naturally all things, funny, decisive, efficient, and powerful. Her personality is so genuine so she does this humor - the fascinating, the chaos, the good intentions and the cheerful mixed mixed - bottom lovely. <br /> <br /> Durbin makes this film easier. This was Tony Leone, Penny's great father, as she wanted Binny Barnes to hold her against her, a woman with Charles Winnscracker, who did not star in the stolen scenes. Alice Brady, who has played Maran for a short time in my man Godfrey, plays the mother of Donna Lyons, a goldger digger than her daughter. Ray Milland was a talented spectator of Lord Michael Stuart, who was mistaken for Mischa Eur's misleading and entertaining combination. <br /> <br /> Three smart girls have a light and fun comedy with courtesy and mixing. So Denny Durbin was a gorgeous new star, with a huge success that saved Universe's bacon.
