"Twelve monkeys" are odd and unhappy, yet intelligent and intelligent person at the same time. It cleverly jumps between the future and the past, and it tells the story is about a culprit of James Cole, who was sent back in the past to collect information about a man-made virus that wiped out 5 billion human species on the planet back in 1996. Cole is sent by accident and misfortune to the 1990s when he visits a psychiatrist who tries to explain his intent and seeks where he seeks a psychiatrist Dr. Catherine Railley meets Jeffrey Goins, a fictitious son of him and the famous scientist. <br /> <br /> The film is a perfect masterpiece in the history of the hero and fiction. <br /> The story is just amazing. It's original and entertaining. The screenplay by David and Janet Peoples was inspired by the film "La Jettie" (1962), but I thank the film director and writer Chris Marker, the authors of "Twelve Monkeys". I read a lot about "La Zeta", it's not the same story but it's the same idea, so it's not just a copy. David and Janet Peoples have transformed this great deal as an inspiration for a modern story, which tells of this urgent need for people who find a solution to preserve human existence and it is a beautiful and realistic way from the beginning to the end of a guaranteed thrill ride. The music used in the movie is odd and something funny and amusing when you really realize it is really compelling, and you're so compelling to compose Paul Buckmaster when you really get it <br /> <br /> Terry We recall from Monty Python Gilliam, this film director is real Surprisingly, I never thought of him as the kind of director of a person Swim. I know that I have directed movies before, but I can not really believe that he can do this miracle. He does an amazing job, but it is not surprising though. You can still understand the same peculiar concept as in Python, but I direct it to be very broad, yet in some of its strange ways, it's amazingly worried. Yes, it's weird, weird and unwelcome, so the film is also a bit heavier, so weak-minded viewers will find it hard to watch this movie. It's not as big as you can imagine, but it's sometimes very bad to see some of these things in their own advantage. Although it has this pure intelligence within the film and connects the whole story through jumps, it dreams between the past and the future, through the past, it's a very brilliant way and it does not even make any part of the plot worse, but when it comes to acting And the film is not even wrong. Bruce Willis portrays James Cole, who still plays his best role yet. For example, he worked well in "The Sixth Sense", but James Cole's character was ideal for Willis and he was very good. The character is well written and good. Cole begins to question his own existence and he deals with him, starting to question his real time of living, attempting to escape crucial errors and not find the key errors of the puzzle. Through difficulties he starts to lose his faith, questioning whether he can trust or trust himself. Other role performances worth mentioning the performances of Madeline Stow and Brad Pitt. Coleman looks strangely familiar with James Cole's psychiatrist Catherine Railley and plays the role of Sto and decides to help him cope with his madness. She begins to believe some of Cole's story, but with the conviction of science she tries to find solutions through it and attempts to deal with the cause of the unbelievable. Brad Pitt is very good at Jeffrey Goines, and he is still one of his best roles. <br /> <br /> The franchy and happy character of this character brought an Oscar nomination to Pit Pitt, which is why I do not really appreciate the honest performance of the truth. <br /> <br /> "Twelve Monkeys" is a great science fiction experience and it definitely recommends everyone, especially for science fiction fans. This is especially a feat featuring amazing characters and fantastic characters from Willis and Pitt, and original and an entertaining story that forms a plot of intelligent and intelligent. It is still unrealistic and alert and attracts the viewer's attention by making it interesting and witty. It's also a blast thriller and it's very romance, so it's in the same package and it makes one of the best science fiction motion pictures I've ever seen. Terry Gilliam's odd and spectacular sight is somewhat uneven and still maintains a balance in balance even though something is consistently ride. It really is difficult to explain, but it is what it is, it's a mind blowing.
