I usually try to avoid sci-fi movies, because this is not really an artist. Light sabers, UFO's, aliens, time traveling ... so much time it was not for me. However, I always have a movie in the genre that will give place in my list of top movies and this "twelve Monkeys" I remember completely blown away the first time, but even now, it has already seen several times already, and I'm still one of its biggest fans. <br /> <br /> In 1996, 5 billion people were cleared, only one percent remained because everybody in the distant future was living underground. The population is alive. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner living in a small cage and is elected as a 'volunteer' who will be sent back in time to gather information about the epidemic origin. They believe that they were spread by the mysterious group 'The Twelve Monkeys' and that scientists need a virus before it can be studied. But their time traveling machine does not work well and he is unexpectedly sent to the 1990s, where Dr. Catherine Railley, psychiatrist, and Jeffrey Goins, the fiancée of the famous scientist and the virus specialist ... What I like is true, it is not clear whether you see what you're seeing is true or not. Is this illusion created or created in the mind of this mental patient? Has he come from the future? The population was really wiped out by a virus, released by The Twelve Monkeys? From the beginning until the end of that there are all the questions you have left wondering. If the filmmakers chose to make it more visible, I'm sure I'd love to do it now. It is mysterious that keeps me interested in time after time. But this film is not only a good thing. Acting is very exciting. Normally I'm not a fan of Bruce Willis, but he was surprised by what he did in the film. <br /> <br /> He has received many awards, including Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt, because the film's story is very good with an amazing story. <br /> <br /> After several perspectives, I am still a huge fan of this movie. Except for this movie, I saw only another Terry Gilliam film and it was "Fear and Laughing in Las Vegas in Las Vegas", which is not bad, but really convinced me. However, this film makes it really look forward to his other work. I give a 9/10, maybe 9.5 / 10.
