Terry Gilliam and David Peoples' 90s are one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction films. Did the people demonstrate the screenplay with tremendous twists and amazing ideas about the nature of time ?? I especially love the idea that I can not change the past change; Is it not a nice setback for most of the time traveling movies? Biological helicopters and narrow line between integrity and madness. <br /> <br /> The story sinks: One person, James Cole (who played Bruce Willis in a Heartfelt show) has survived information about a virus that has wiped out humanity for the past several decades and survived some of the survivors of the underground: collect information , Scientists are the ones that everybody returns to the surface in the future Find the cure. But because their time travel technology is not perfect, he sent towards various other pasts and ends up complicating things. And from that there is a bizarre narrative involving the right-wing of the shades animal of Noir, a fantastic science fiction thriller film Noir, the definition of mental illness, biological weapons, reality, and intellect. It's a thought-provoking story for those who have difficulties to create Gilliam and Peoples chaos, but rather to challenge twelve Monkeys and tolerate some crazy ideas. <br /> I saw this film 10 years ago. It reminded me a lot: I'm still thinking about several days-wards; This seemed very mind-blowing for my young mind and was one of the first movies to make me appreciate the film something serious and important. A few days ago on DVD I saw this movie again and I remember it. Brad Pitt steals all the scenes he plays in Jeffrey Goines. Is there a mention of his Tyler Durden role in the Fight Club? A great kid with some anarchist / non-conformist thinking is also silly and, according to Cole, is probably responsible for the virus. Pitt's eyes, voice, and sharp habits are the best in the film, the scenes between Jeffrey and Cole are the best in the film, and he is really a lunatic in the logical reasoning he understood. Pitt's Oscar nomination is well deserved! What's surprising is Bruce Willis's performance: I did not remember him well, but it was pretty and full; He's the one who spent almost all his life underground, and when you come in the past you'll share his childish fascination with something as simple as breathing up the breath of fresh air in the morning or looking up the sun. Cole is a rather vague role, the Peoples' attempted to kill him some darkness and he made other undesirable things to other people: rarely revealed his dementia to the scene where he removed his own teeth. Ironically, Cole began a foolish character, but when he warned about the end of the world, he was mad and he persuaded everything in his mind until he came to a point when he could not separate from the future in the future, from reality to fiction. Willis spends a lot of chaos and insecure looking time, and it works perfectly. Koal's shrink, Dr. Katherine Railley, is one of the fun twists in this story when he convinces him to persuade him again to convince his mission to save the world when he finds proof that it is not true from the future. The screenplay is full with whimsical turns like this and it puts the image in a fast pace. Their relationship is also well-handed, although a bit is shortened for time. But I enjoyed watching Cole and Railly falling in love and trying to escape the future's power to live in a peaceful life in the past. <br /> <br /> In this movie, two pieces are wrapped up, and a tragedy / bittersweet climax at an airport ends. <br /> <br /> There are two great conclusions in this movie, the Se7en or the Fight Club, and the more closely ending here where Silly tilt beside Cole who is looking around for a young James Cole who just shot and sees his future self-death; Both share a brief look, and she laughs at him. The twist is brilliant, but I prefer this end for emotional effect. Madleyline Stowe is good for playing Dr. Railly, and she gave me many different emotions in her performance. The film is filled with the concept of fantasticism that the film does not change in the past: the film is shown in horror mode. It reminds me of Chinatown in that sense, Jake Gutts helps everything, he tries to help. The role of Roleley's shares, the fortune, the more she tries to help Collie ?? Help him in his mission first then deal with his mad ?? They're being sucked into more tragedy <br /> <br /> With the notion of Twist's Cole is not in vain, however, a promising note ends. Twelve Monkeys is a great movie to see if an entertainer; It does not have to be art, but there are more artists than many artistic paintings. Along with all aspects from music to costume design, a modern film has come together to produce a movie.
