The stories about the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future are around the ages, because science fiction has been created as a genre of creativity. Today's society is responsible for what's going to happen in the near future, and refusing to see what is right before our own eyes and eyes is the center of all these stories, whether they are good or not <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam is natural to this type of film. The film gives a feel to the decline, demonstrating a society suffering its own danger, despite the movements of the comedy, bringing the sense of imminent tragedy. His world is transformed into the world's wrist, a place where the mad and neglected race of the world is moving around, even though it is a brightly blinking cune in every corner. It's a very dark movie, but his best, most simple (despite the observed plot platforms) and a recurring focus. <br /> <br /> A tragic event, the virus was built for humanity in 1996, and thus led to the destruction of Life on the Planet as we know it. This leads to future scientists to change the fate of mankind to the earth and appoint rebels citizens, and land-guinea pigs to go back in time, one of them by James Cole (Bruce Willis does not have a great effect). Cole can be any person. He does not know anything about himself, but in a way he does not matter because he gets closer to fulfilling his mission, because he has a little more than one of the many expendable volunteers and hints of his character. We know that he is a man dreamed of, and his dreams may actually have been: he had been in the incidence of 1996. <br /> <br /> It is this constant sense of Dija Vu that keeps pop-up across the movie. In 1990, when he was mistaken for a mental ward, he met Jeffrey Goines (astonishingly Brad Pitt, Oscar-nominated here) to talk about Doom and Destruction, and then Goons battled a boy away from his recurring dream ... what? He does not know. He then meets a psychologist, Catherine Railley (Madeleine Stow), and one of his first reactions is mad and she has seen it before. From active and aggressive to her participation in this story is the feeling of running, this is coming up somewhat actively and with a little silly belief that some six years later, this is coming. At the same time, Cole continues to speak about a dream he puts in which he plays a role as a bleak woman running in a walk, shots rolled and after a special red head man in a ponytail (shouting for help) Jeffrey Goins?) Evidently escaped, before. Questions arise: Are these events happening? Are they going to Is this really a part of this, or more - everyone, a small player, a part of the greater platform? Or is it a huge conveyor belt showing the repetitions of fragments of slide events over and over again in time in which there is some trick in this fabric in time? <br /> These questions are made in Master Sequence, featuring the main scenes of Alfred Hitchcock's master Marie Vertiko, in which Madeleine Elter / Judy Barton has his small presence ("You did not take notice, and shut down from their seats in the closed movie theater The Snippets of Diliges from Vertigo form a foil for dialog between Rail and Cole And, later, looking out for Riley, comes face-to-face with his face, like the Eva Maria saint from North BY Northwest) and the emergence of Judy Barton wearing Madeleine Elster as Bernard Hermann score. It is one of the most unlikely events of the actors' It's a fascinating scene Ni is: Madeline Catherine railli stove role, he was a blond wig and a gray trench coat and "Judy Simmons," "a man called James Cole; James Stewart attempts to retrieve the "insane" Madeleine Elster, and will not be seen once again, but twice, first by the dark hair Judi Barton, and later, as Madeleine. Action and reaction reaction, play and play back.
