In the area of ​​the movies, "Holes" is credible, based on screenplays from some other areas (or the title associated with that Oscar name). Author is the creator of the author think the author is better to have to create the screenplay. The writer does not write a screenplay to preserve their life, then one of the author's and screenwriter is simply skillful. In addition, this review is about "holes". <br /> These factors begin and may be within a spoiler. (1) Louis Sachar is a wonderful writer and he turns out to be a screenwriter. I saw that movie and read the book and both did not restore it incomplete or stupid. Some people have a natural talent that overcomes the media. (2) Shia LaBeouf's Best Performance Award for her performance as Best Actor. He dug himself in the role. I wanted to prove his role before the end. (3) The suspense brought a bit up and brought Andrew Davis. This Harrison Ford is a hard man running and running fast. He hit Steven Seagal with some heads. For this film, he will eat some holes in Shia and the rest of the boys. In other words, he could do the "action-pack" film and "action" would not work if it did not play a major role. (4) My second favorite show goes to Jon Voitt as Mr. Sir. Sometimes a Goofy character brings out the best of an actress. When the line is "For a time ..." for the line, I should be laughed for half a minute because it's so funny. He has a comedy capability and should investigate a few more characters that allow him to exercise that talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very solid whenever a solid script is given. Perhaps the second best role I have seen him (the second is 'Oh Brother, Are You Art?'). (6) I love the option of setting for the movie. I do not know that California is that powder or barren. I guess I can mislead both the population and the number of terrains. (7) The whole look of the film needs another bottle of water for me. Half a day can only imagine a hole in the barrel area. (8) The remaining cast should also fit the Kudos Bars box's box. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khloos Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill were rotated by their talent and brought it very well. The great cast though it was ever-round. (9) I love the movie. When Stanley clocks on the head with those baseball cleats, it's crucial to see how inconsistent the events are and what makes it a good film. (10) Disney Pictures (No Touch Stone, DISNEY !!) Some of these mature childhood films need to be made. It was very happy for me and I was a college student. The last matures childhood Disney movie I saw was "Something Wicked This Way" and "Holes" probably exceeded (as in the 2000 election, it is still close to the call). Disney decides to elaborate in this genre and keeps in mind the art of keeping cash on the cow when they see it. Ten reasons give ten scores! <br /> <br /> More than anything, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney films and is one of the best of the year (Oscar is not the film but who is the best thing for Oscars?). Being an image from a book I read, the "Fight Club" is on my list (which is above). For a film that I saw in 2003, it was in the top five (somewhere behind "Mystic River"). Compared with "Harry Potter", Stanley Yelnats easily takes a sharp edge over Harry's head and brings the final death blow to Smoker sneaker into the potter's nose. Both will see the movie because it tells and enters both. Here's my dramatic end!
