I'm serious! Really one of the most amazing pictures I have had the pleasure I see. A very rare book is not good, but it rarely happens even if it is better than the novel. Perhaps in the Lord of the Rings and Trains spotting, it rarely happens. But I think Luis Sachar's participation in the beginning actually helped people, so this film is close to the story, but it takes more. <br /> There are a lot of things happening in this film. The unique, original story, which has a good mix of fun and humor, but a matte edge. 2. Gorgeous actors. Adults and children alike, these actors are not only bringing the story to life, but sometimes kids do not know how to deliver their lines with enthusiasm and style, without going to the overboard, while doing movies. 3. Surprising scenery. Whether this is true or CGI does not matter, the setting itself is a masterpiece. I especially love the image of the holes from the eye of birds. 4. The book is a luminous director of life in the book and it becomes a technician. Transitions in time worked well and grab a constant climax from the book that led up to turns throughout the film. 5. Louis Sachar! I did not read it so much that I ended up writing the nonstop as long as the book ends. He confirms that the sticker is in the script book, which adds new bits to make it much better. 6. And saying the script! In this one liners are smart, funny and unpatronising. But there are parts to make you smile, you cry, and you tug at your heartstrings to make this story more love. 7. Beautiful Soundtrack. This is not a song I did not follow in the film, I thought it was punk-rocker. The stories related to the film are well linked and added additional jazz to the whole genre. If you're going to buy the movie, especially the soundtrack, especially for "Own Only", it focuses around the story and has a chorus from the book. <br /> <br /> For people I do not work with, I'm a fan of my favorite movie and review it deserves. If you do not see it, do it. Now. It's very urgent. Go!
