Gruveyman2 (comment below) You are a complete idiot ... You have faith and are blinded by ignorance through the city too. With its weird pride, you're ridiculously exudes the film about SF, that makes you look like that typical LA A ** hole! The only reason you feel is jealous is because there is so self-compliment about the movie SF. You do not know this because LA is so upset. The first film is virtually all about a beautiful city; There was filmed and some of its most famous locals filmed. It's nothing bad about LA; And these accomplished directors live in a beautiful city on LA. They went to school film in LA and realized that they were really proud. They have found that they are close to SF LA, which is a purpose. The only negative thing about LA is about the studio officials. When both were first seen, the same studio executives who hated the movies, but the same films were huge gross worldwide. Why do not they have the studio executive establishment and rivalry towards the studio system? These are only "people from" and are trying for good reasons! Not so smooth! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is called San Francisco Director? How can he not treat it? And who is directing Godfather? Made Coppola. It's his vision of the story on the screen that gave him a good look. So what gave him a job? He agrees that he would like to do the film in the documentary .... what is your point? So why would Sophia want to live in LA? And how does this prove your point? And tell me how they're not really independent when they have so much money on their own movies. Now considered the classic films. And, when they made films from studio funding, they came to LA and we'd like to make these pictures and two, and they used these images to fund their own funds. <br /> <br /> "Bitch & Nose" and "self compliment" are suddenly a "wind for self respect and credibility" when your bitch and self lauds you on the air of self respect and loyalty. "What a stupid and knowledgeable comment! You 've got some big words there ... and do not know how to use them! And, by the way, they are never or they are in LA So they were awarded an award from LA from New York .... What is your hell again? If they go to LA or New York they are just hypocrites by wanting to live in SF <br /> <br /> San Francisco, The movie is proud of people who are proud of what they want to do today, and the film focuses only on one ... Picture-making.  ం కాని దాని ప్రజలు) కేవలం అటువంటి దుష్ట వ్యాఖ్యలను టైప్ చేయడానికి మేము ఉత్తర కాలిఫోర్నియాలు LA నుండి వ్యక్తుల గురించి ద్వేషించాము. ఈ గొప్ప డాక్యుమెంటరీ ... చాలా ఆసక్తి, ముఖ్యంగా మీరు బే ప్రాంతం నుండి ఉంటే ... కానీ నేను ఎవరికీ అది సిఫార్సు.
