A ruthless, obsessed fan of the Riff Rondle Rock group; Ramones and so many students in school. But a new brutality of the Principal, Ms. Togor rock 'n' roll students, especially from Ramones, thinks a bad influence on music. Therefore, when they are performing in town, he goes for two days to get tickets to himself and her friends. But she knows how ticker recognizes why she really is taking those days and confiscates her tickets. However, Tom Roberts has fallen off completely, but Riff's friend Kate Ramby and Tom think the same thing. But Riff had only set her eyes on lead singer Joe Ramone and was hopeful to reach the concert to play that song in her song. <br /> Fun! Fun! Fun! Yep, does it drift away from its main focus right 'Rock Rock Roll High School' ?? A worst, doggie romance! It's not what I expected, it's perfect. Everyone who is participating in this amazing project shows that they have a great time and relaxing nature, which shows on the screen with the power to provide a passionate experience. I will not say what it means to be like its art and plot. But tension into some good harmless high zinc, watching this passionately, crazy ride, I'm not wiping off my face off. It's frivolous, very cheesy, dirty, but it's funky-dary! <br /> <br /> This low-budget, B-Grade feature from producer Roger Corman and colleague John Dante (co-directed by some scenes when he was hospital director at Allan Arkuck's last day). The wave interval between them and adults (who are always well known) are thrown into the 1950s rocks by stunningly revealing the cliches of the foundation and thrown into the youth rebellious tag. These features may not be particularly up to date, but they are somewhat more attractive due to dynamic and gyest treatments. There is only one thing in mind in this movie, to go in a bang! And they manage to do so. The courtesy of 'The Ramones'. Really, you could say its a big sophisticated video clip, because it's all about rumons ?? Well, anyway it is. I'm looking so much flax towards Ramon's acting ability. These musicians are not actors, it's not about their acting, this is what we want to dig in music. They're here to do it! No, they peppered the image to create a completely pebeat vibration that some kick ass deliver tracks in that movie. In particular, their lavish concert shows. The sensational soundtrack also includes some killer tunes from other artists such as Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mac, Eddie and the Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But the jumping tracks are well-suited for a relaxed feel, and the score also works well. Particularly the scenes of Mrs. Togar participating with the right mindset around her mind set. The movie's playful roots are like a roller coaster rider, with a worn speed between scattered slapstick routines and sometimes intelligent, tongue-cheek dialogue between the tunes and comic sections. <br /> <br /> The light and heavy garments thrown for a good measure, I was very happy and gave it such a wide range of expressions. Divine PJ Souls (well known for her performance in Halloween), gave a bang-up performance like Peachy Riff Randall. Other sample performances include De Young, the most beautiful Kate Rambe, Vincent van Patten Gaki Tom Roberts and Clint Howard, who moved to Eaglebour. Even some top drawers Corman Reguler greatly support the little support from Chick Dick Miller from Mr McGree and Dick Miller who pushes his unfair reign of students who are amazing as Man Woronov demands pop up pop up by Mary Woronov. The enthusiastic acting is pretty campy, but it is well with those elements and there are some likes that arise from these characters, but we totally miss Ms. Togor and her hall hunt monster goons. <br /> <br /> When I say rock 'n' roll high school, Bush is an anesthetic, here is an anesthetic egg!
