For the three years before the release of 1959, several cuts and papers were required, and in 1959 the DeE was not considered very unsatisfactory. It is difficult to imagine that no one was taken seriously in 1959 today. <br /> <br /> The story, of course, is related to a doctor who experiences an interest in transplanting the limbs - and when his girlfriend dies in a car accident he goes to his secret laboratory. Some telephone cords, both on the tables, and quite a shallow baking pan, he brings back the life of her head. But is she grateful? Not rarely. <br /> <br /> Her doctor is planning to attach to another body. <br /> <br /> When this happens, the doctor is sticking to the new body: he wants one who is built for speed, and he hunts cheesecake models in search of endowments, looking for city sidewalks, chasing strip joints, body beautiful contests, and increasing his eyebrows disconcerted women take cruising. But back in the laboratory, head doctor's experiments have developed chemo-induced psychological link with another one, so it's so hideous that a handy lab room was locked from sight. Can they work together with a bitter and malicious laboratory? Can a doctor take revenge on her, and save her body with a handkerchief? Can be! Leading person Jason Evers plays a roguish doctor as he has been given a huge dose of Spanish fly; Virginia Leith, the unfortunate head, the grooves and the shackles did not have her lungs, and there were no vocal chords. Bust is very grateful for infants, actors make irregular changes to the line from line to line, more flexible than the conversation plot and a calculator to add continuity goose. <br /> <br /> Director Joseph Greene actually sees to keep the whole thing moving at a pretty good clip, and looking at it, so that it is not even more cynically funny than DeWood. The film is easy to pick up the pictures taken today, and later the directors are affected, no doubt, when they are young and attractive, and never on it. The cuts made before the film's release were lost forever, but the cuts made for television were restored, but the image and sound quality are not particularly great, but you are very dull or wildly hilarious, depending on your opinion. This is a recommendation that will be very difficult. But I say: If your flavors run to the likes of Ed Wood or Rus Meyers, you should snap this up and now! Four stars for its cheesy-bargain alone! GFT, Amazon reviewer
