There are two film experiences I always cherish. For the first time "Star Wars" first met with my younger brother at the age of 10. In October of 1978, my best friend, Trevor, was a scene in Hollywood in Tripple Flecks. Halloween breathes me, speak, and feared unconsciously. Everyone knows the story. Young Michael Mayer decides to kill his sister Halloween in 1963. 15 years later he once again escaped from a mental hospital. Once again, Hawdefield will again be destroyed. He is Larry (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shameless senior who loves babysitting, and begins to hunt her. On the street her party friends kill her, and Michael sets up her platform to meet her. Ironically, she feared the "Boogieman" young boy waiting for Halloween and could see him outside. In the murder case, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) struggles before he is able to eliminate his aggression. There is no evidence that he would have to sell him to the sheriff bracket (Charles Cybers). As the plot unfolds, you have a suspense-driven image instead of less humorous fears. Alfred Hitchcock once said, "You can have four people in a table playing card and do not know where the bomb is, and if it's a little thrill, talk about what to do - then it does not happen, then you have a suspense." Director John Carpenter The advice is taken to the hilt on Halloween. Audience will see the eyes and see the outdoors. We gap. Will he kill her? When will he kill her? Then, Michael disappears. Carpenter typically uses suspense instead of special effects that highlight gore. The film has less blood, but still offers good fears. Lift up the ground from the grounds of Michael in the best scenes. He pulls the knife back and backs the back of the spine, then he drives it. Everything you hear is a big sound, then the audience will lose Bob's feet. The first person to use a plain space from the scene of the Carpenter Killer. It also makes our audience peak. What does he do? What's going on in his mind? Finally, Carpenter's Haunting Master Monitor score adds to tension. In addition, he has given us a story with Tandem Screenwriting, along with Debra Hill, which develops the characters we care about. Teenagers are not "party madness", but only teens are wasting the wastes. Finally, this "B" has some good acting in a low budget thriller. Nick Castle, who plays the role of "The Shape" (Michael), adds something to the vacuum killer. It's cold, merciless, and without any pathology. Moreover, the personality does everything in the same way. Only if he is caught or trapped, he kills. He breaks the victims. He relies on brute force. And that mask (a whitewashed William Shutner mask) gives the impression of any soul or emotion. While joy in his Depan monologues is dramatic, he is scared, disappointed and determined. He made me wonder if he represented the fading effort of modernism to explain the evil. However, the cinematography is Jamie Lee Curtis's first film. She is scared by anyone who plays the role of Laurie, but also determined and who is stronger who fought back. The end is one that leaves me speechless. It is the first concept of a serious killer that can not be stopped. Movies like Star Wars can enjoy many times. Halloween, and other scary movies, however, do not have that purpose. If we watch our minds for the first time, if it is looking for a new movie to be fresh and new, my chosen film will be a Halloween.
