I accept it, this is one of my favorite horror films. The only way that John Carpenter directed the film is to open the door to many mock-genres, whether it's your first time or your fifty looking creeping bones. The sound, the terrible horror of Michael Myers and the infamous scream of Jamie Lee Curtis, gives the film a great beginnings of instant religious status and the independence era. I loved music, I loved the characters, the familiar yet horrific arrangement, the villain's simplistic nature and the random chaos of it. This is not really rhyme or reason to kill in the first film, we give Michael the taste of true nature. Is he mad, or just a very wise beast in some way? The question is not really answered, but the carpenter gives us 100% more and more great devotion. <br /> <br /> <br /> John Carpenter is the owner of horror. While late, his films were not once (see Mars ghosts), not Carrieber, and Halloween began his powerhouse in his career. This is his final film. He released the other greatness, because I've always turned on all the lights on the picture will remember this one, baby when beware, and check behind the closed doors, because you never know where the evil looks next. Carpenter will bring this deep skill into the world. With the power of his camera, he put these pictures of Myers in the places where he imagined when he was giving you a perception that the killer was right for you. I love every scene, Michael is, watching from a distance, without anyone being intelligent. It's scary, yet completely clever. I liked the scenes that Carpenter threw away your fears from almost thin air. Suddenly, that terrible mask does not exist anywhere and you see your own business. Like the characters, you also felt it was a trick of the eye, but where Carpenter gets you, it's not. Michael is not a ghost, he is a human (or at least we think), and he has a stronger psychic ability than the main characters. This leads to some really dark themes and unexplained symbolism, but without it, it's a horror movie. <br /> <br /> If Michael does not have enough gas in your home windows, the carpenter adds that chilling theme music. I still have to pin the piano keys in my mind, constantly wondering if the meers are looking at me through the window. Carpenter has found the exact combination of early visual poses and chilling sounds that may occur next to our unsuspecting victims. It is fatal, and it should complete refreshing reality and more unique thrills than anything released by today's horror Hollywood. The carpenter's Halloween is the breath of fresh air in the midst of what could be a tough horror year, replacing the original scares Paris Hilton, you know the quality is not quite the same. <br /> Finally, I would like to say that the film's early murders, even the simplest nature is terrifying and chilling. The use of the "clown" mask distributed my spine. This is one of the best horrendous openings yet the way the child is pictured with a shot that elongated using the mask of our eyes if it has our own eyes! This will set the tone for the rest of the film completely. You have a worship background, you have a kid's behavior that meets with Michael throughout the film, and the carpenter's artistry is divided into one of these. I literally speak for hours in this hour, but instead see it again. It's worth a repeated visit! <br /> <br /> Overall, I feel like one of the best films in the history of this film. They skip all foreign films that seem to have a chance to drop the film's face budget for a tight carpenter and slazer art. The single story revolves around the entire generation of panic, and still continues to influence modern horror treats. The fatal combination of the original pseudo-murderer, the powerful cinematography of events (which is not usually in the horror films), and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis makes the film above the rest of the movie Halloween. Certainly, Freddy is good and you are sympathetic to Jason, but Michael is genuine, he is disturbed, and he has loose desire for blood of the bloodstream. What's good <br /> Grade: ***** Out *****
