Halloween is not only all the slasher movies but the ever-frightening movie The Godfather! John Carpenter and Debra Hill have created the most intimate, creepy and horror movie with this classic retailer. In this film, Michael Myers triggered simulations such as the eccentric monster Jason Voris (Friday 13th), The Miner (My Bloody Valentine), and Charliepackett (The Night Breings Charlie). Okay, I'm a little bit obscure there, but it shows the effect that the movie has shown to you in the horror style. No longer comes from the tomb of the monster king tat or from the laboratory of Dr. Frankenstein. He can be created in an active little neighborhood of suburbia. And came home in The Night ... Headden Field, Illinois and viewers are not the same. The crown of horror movies have many elements of the film. The first is the setting ... it looks like a normal suburban neighborhood. Most of us grew up in this area and easily identified with the characters. It's kind of neighbor that you think is safe, but the problem starts to trouble, no one wants to lift a finger to take part (especially when a huge breathing madness is trying to hunt our young heroine.) Along with the setting, the movie takes place on Halloween !! Terrible night of the year! While most Jack-O-Lanterns are sculpted, Michael Myers is looking to cut some teens-boppers. In addition to the setting, there is some great acting. Jamie Lee Curtis our heroine, Larry Strood, makes a practical job as a lovely two-shoes high school who never seem to find a date. Nonetheless, Donald Plejens, as Dr. Sam Loomis, really steals the show. The good physician who knows what kind of nasty behind the black eyes of Michael Myers is his role, and Hell is the subject of horror story once and for all, forcing him to send. However, the film is really a synthesizer that really scores the viewer in this movie. Once you hear it, you will never forget. I'm also enjoying this picture of Grennen. Nowadays, every image of the film looks sharp, let us know every possible detail of the monster to scare us. In Halloween, John Carpenter did not get the full view of Michael Myers. He looks like part of the shadows, and I think he's so scared. Without being aware of young adults, Michael has partially visible scenes (they do not know), which adds to his self-esteem. If you think about that, some wacko right now you're not looking at and you do not even know. Unfortunately for our younger generation (and fortunately for fans of horror), when they find Michael, he is looking for the candy on this Halloween night .. He is looking for blood. Finally, Michael Myers, the main element of the film's influence. His merciless career of Larry Strod appears to be a killer forever to stop him. He's going to haunt you for the rest of your life. So if you do not see this movie (some of you are still missing, or you do not have it), hold some popcorn, turn off every light, and watch this pop and scare the old DVD. Trick or treat!
