I would like to see why the 90-year horror film does not hold the candle for the horror movies of the 70s and 80s. I'm very public on this forum for movies such as The Haunting and Urban Legend. I think they (and others like them) do not know what the real horror is. And this made me worry to go to my local video store and rent out classic horror films. I have already owned by Friday, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Elm Street, Jaws, The Exorcist, Angel Heart, Exorcist and Halloween, a real nightmare. Now other films are classics in their own right but I'm here to tell you about Halloween. Because no other film in Hollywood film history has done, and it uses subtle techniques and techniques that do not depend on blood and gore, and it can be used to frighten day out. . I was in a room with lights off and as I was crazy to know, I wanted to look behind me to see if there were Michael Myers there. The film I have seen in the past ten years has not done anything. <br /> <br /> <br /> John Carpenter took a low budget film and he feared a generation of films. He showed that you do not need budgets in 8 or 9 people to frighten the audience. Sometimes the best element of fear does not actually happen, but what's going on. What is that shadow? What's that sound at the top? He knows these ways to intimidate others and the textbook that he thinks you can use is using every element of horror. I think he should make some of his own ideas and have ideas that these people use today. But they will not do. No one is afraid to use lighting and details, they use special effects and rivers of blood. And this is not the same. You can not frighten a bigger impact from a wall making big sounds. When the killer is lurking, it does not know somewhere, it will scare you. <br /> <br /> In 1963, young Michael Myers killed his sister with a big butcher knife and spent the next 15 years in his life, quietly locked up in an organization. Loomis (Doctor) told the sheriff bracket, "I tried to reach him for eight years, and another seven did not ever come out because I saw the eyes e-wil." The manic and merciless thinking of a killer will not do anything to get what he wants. And he wants to kill all the lorry here. <br /> <br /> What carpenter has come here is not to take and direct chaotic lighting techniques. The hard-hitting masterpiece of horror. There is a view to describe. And Anne Paul is on her way to pick her up. She goes to the car and tries to open it. Only then she learns that she left her keys in her house. She gets them, come out and unexpectedly opens the car door without using the key door. The audience picks on this but she is not. She is very busy thinking about Paul. When she sits down, she finds her windows open. She is surprised and starts to wipe out the fog, and then attacks Mears from the back seat. This is a great scene, because it pays attention to detail. We know what is going on and not all. But Carpenter has subtle observations made in 1978 and beyond the scene of the movie goers scared of hell. <br /> <br /> In the background of Halloween, a killer uses a blurry images that shadows across a wall, dark rooms, creepy and haunting music, Donald Pleasures and a terrible, relentless killer. My advice to filmmakers in our day and age is to study halloween. It should print blue for what's about scary movies. After all, Carpenter followed the steps of Hitchcock, perhaps the director should follow him. If you are tired of all mindless horror movies you do not know the difference between nasty and artichoke, then a picture that can be seen on Halloween. It does not let you down. I'm scared, I do not know why, but I'll do it. But in the 90s I was not afraid of anything, perhaps a movie (Wes Craven's final nightmare). If you enjoyed it, then Halloween is the one you need to look at. And if you have already seen a hundred times, go back and look back again with an image like Urban Legend. Urban Legend you will meet everyone in this movie pretty face. Halloween you will not want to move, frozen in fear, in fear of your seat. <br /> <br /> And if you have seen the version of Zombie there is a need to follow. This definition is a classic. Zombie is his version of the bastard, but this does not take away from the brightness.
