I remember my experiences with 300 people last year looking at Fire and Ice for the first time. It's not a bad movie, not an average, but its plot and dialogue is the best and most confusing and one-dimensional (possibly the right decision based on Frank Miller's comic book). But its primary strengths attracted intense action and bloody battles and Befeke men struggling in a bloody knife-led struggle with occasional whimsical or super-hot females to have a 14 year old experience to go with torture surroundings. <br /> <br /> This time, naturally, is the first time for audiences today if, naturally, it works with Frank Frazetta, the innocents artist and countless paperback books and comics designer, What is the need to examine this film? Young people have recovered nostalgia and the Universal VHS tapes together), as stated earlier, perhaps you will see something special. Fire and Ice are not also a characteristic of the Bakysi rhotoscope, but it is very fluid - although not quite my personal favorite - some of what he did, and he and his band have created this wonderful, and medieval, All paintings, skies and plains touch an artist's hand. There is a slight defect in Baked fans in the character design; Bakshi went to say that he was more than a frailtte. It may be true, but it will disappear or motion or smooth motion is not required to kill people or take a hard look. <br /> <br /> I'm neglecting the plot by saying that I will really lose the intention to recommend it. If you are already in this style of style and an advanced technique of animation, the plot depends on which two degrees are struggling or a 'damsell' or a princess risk or a hero, Nekran and Dark Wolf (very good and very funny book) and Tegra (With the characters characterized by a distinctive, Fire against the ice, fantasy figure). Like a property, what makes the plot, ogres teegra popping out of trunks and lakes of trees allowing a series of cliffhuners and suspense bits around the action, the progress in the upcoming big battle, as when the hunt and suddenly crazy with the monsters have been tightened with. Besides, it is common to the bucket, and he boasts some great things (though not his simple inspiring stupidity) among these straightforward fantasy materials. <br /> If you see the wizards, I'll understand what I mean somewhat. <br /> <br /> If you're an animated band, then look for some 'old-school' 1980) action and excellent design. For everyone, it's not good, it's not great, and its logical 21st century extension is wrong, with some modifications, 300.
