This was the blockbuster (the second highest grossing film of 1976) during the original release, the third screen version of A STAR was always divided into critics and fans. Nevertheless, the film opened negative reviews, while the $ 5.6 million budget film grossed $ 150 million at the box office and won the Academy Award and five Golden Globes. Streisand's most commercially successful film is not without some irony that she remains controversial. For every ten fans that are the best film of STAR Streisand, there are always ten people mentioned as a weak film in his filmography. This is still the most touching and most entertaining Shubis drama produced by Hollywood in one of the seventh star, although the sides are somewhat merit to support their claims. For my money, this is the best version of the story most often. <br /> <br /> This film is enjoyable and indistinguishable internally. It is a great idea to change the music industry's competition from the old Hollywood studio system to the world, and the screenwriter's characters stand out as a verbal contrast between romance and their careers. This was the 1976 version of the mainstay of a star that actually surpassed the classic ancestry. For example, the film was particularly successful, criticizing personal and professional hardships during recording sessions and continuous phone calls that would disturb Christopher's songwriting efforts. This version of the story is more reliable in the filming of the main characters. For example, in the first two versions women leaders are monks and self-respecting, who come as monks. On the other hand, female reformer Esther is portrayed as strong and emotional, but erroneous and controversial. It's her "genuine" feel of Janet Gannor or Judy Garland characters who thought in previous films, and makes a more effective story. <br /> <br /> In all of the shows, the supporting characters are not fleshed out enough. If you're looking for an actress / singer to walk a fine line between tough and harmful she can feel like a script concert, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. She is one of the few films that can make her a very simple conversation fresh and intuitive, and generally perform a strong emotional connection with the viewer. Be simple, and she is the perfect, three-dimensional man of Esther. Chris Christopherson did not have much respect for his laid back character, however, he always shows a curious watch and rarely displays the magnetic attraction displayed in his career. Christopher was originally received reviews from NEWSWEEK, TIME, and NEW YORKER, generally from the Palein Kyle. Gary Bassie and Paul Mazzuriki also offer incredible performances, but both have little time. <br /> <br /> The soundtrack recording of the film was also a huge success, striking # 1 on Billboard's Hot 200, with just four million copies in the US. Streisand-composed "Evergreen" (literature from Paul Williams) is one of the most beautiful songs in contemporary pop, becoming more popular with Straussand's completely unbeatable performance. The original songs of the rest of the film (mostly written by Williams and Rupert Holmes) are pretty cool, and Streisand sounds fantastic - remaining reminiscent of her remaining solo numbers. Straussand's zealous performances include a "woman in the moon" and "thrill more look in You You", to revive life, and even the number of "Queen Bee" villages. <br /> <br /> Christopher's solo numbers are somewhat dirty that he is deliberate since he was playing a singer. <br /> Naturally, in some respects (which reflects the perfect decade), it takes a STAR of about seventy and is exceptionally well maintained. The film is well-mounted and well-produced, with chemistry between the leads is very powerful and always feels real, and Straussand has two emotional scenes, which have two influential effects. In conclusion, it's not fun and moving as a STAR slave, but it overcame all criticism.
