Do not make me wrong. "Golden" is revolutionary and is definitely the best FPS game based on the 007 franchise. But the series fell into FPS commitments. Enter "Everything or Nothing", which puts the bond in the third person. When I wrote my previous review for "From Russia with Love", I ended up with FRWL and started EON, and EON was severely judged. FRWL certainly has the edge in nostalgia and the EON is definitely better in terms of deep controls and gameplay types, even if the image franchise is captured. Driving a SUV, driving a SUV, driving a SUV, flying a helicopter, flying a helicopter, flying a helicopter, flying a helicopter, driving an SUV, driving an SUV, driving an SUV, and driving a helicopter, and a falling shaft through laser travelwirers The little girl then drops. <br /> <br /> According to the cinema, "Golden Eye" and FRWL were what I had hoped for. But EON's original storyline adds to the feeling that James Bond's control of adventure. It helps with the impressive cast of Willem Deefa, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum and Misaki Eto'o. Judi Dench and John Clees played their M roles and Q, and Pierce Brosnan, respectively, and added credibility to any Sean Connery's trial. All the characters are similar to the stars, the real-life model of the game-model Hedi Klum does not do justice to the disappointing exception. Mia's theme song is equal to at least big screen bond title tunes. <br /> <br /> There are some memories of old Bond movies in this game. Christopher Walken's bad former colleague from Willem Deaf's character "A View to a Kill". Richard Keele has appeared in three action sequences "The Spy Who Loved Me" and "Moonraker" as Jaws, Hulking Hennmman, the first and the best, in the same manner in the movies. <br /> <single player gameplay consists of standard standing machines, such as Bond. Like the Bond, you'll be able to choose whether to use stealth or to go with guns blazing. The game offers plenty of opportunities to use stealth, with plenty of wall and object cover. Unfortunately, unlike the FRWL, EON controls both a single button twist and a wall clamping, so Bond can be hanging low when he thinks he's coming around the corner. The game also allows players to "Bond Reflex" mode. When you browse your list, everything around you goes into Super Slo-Mo, allowing you to analyze objects around you to interact. When some people use this mode, this mode will eventually allow you to make the most "Bond moments", such as four tiles underneath and Bond to shoot a chandelier to include in the movie concept. <br /> <3 levels of difficulty available: Operative, Agent, and Double Oh. On the operative, you can do it by air in a few hours. In agent, for a few weeks. Double Oh, few months. Each person can change the level of difficulty for the mission. The missions will earn high scores gold and platinum awards and vehicle upgrades and bond girls will unlock the effect characteristics of skimpy outfits to wear. Some missions are very frustrating due to the lack of bus images, but when all is finished, the Bond film does not have more than one action scene. <br /> <br /> The multi-player is, unfortunately, not thrilling. "Golden" still has the best multi-player mode of any Bond game. The CO-OP propaganda mode for players with low MI6 agents responsible for less important mission than EON's main multi-player bond. The more standard third-person death contest can be unlocked from this mode. But the single-band experience from single player mode to date. Most ending with Bond games, is intimate. The last mission was the most intensified of the game, however, the last clash with the villain was frustrating. In addition, the amount of bonds that the bond must accelerate is largely a matter of trial and error. However, no Bond fan, this game does not play, one of the Bond films fails.
