In an effort to win Universal's horror movies, Majestic Pictures employed many prominent actors from the current genre, and in this effort (realistically speaking) is no better near somewhere. That is, this is still better than most of what everyone's time is worth and it is a heck of a lot of fun and a lot of what's supposed to pass in days like horror in my opinion! In small German town Klineschloss, the bodies are fully blood vessels and susceptible puncture marks. Burmermster Gustave Schoenen (Lionel Belmour) calls "it's vampires" but local police chief Carl Brettscrew (Melvin Douglas) is a madman and he pledges to catch him. <br /> <br /> ***** Spoiler BurmerMyster and many local cooks in the towns Hermann Glibb (Dwight Frye) love bats and often talk to them, looking for him until he falls to death and they chase him in a cave. Dr. Otto von Neumann (Lionel Atvil), who is responsible for the killers, has created a new form of tissue mass that he eats on blood, and his servant Emil (Robert Fraser) who goes out of the night to collect blood. Dr. Otto Roth Bertin (Fay Wray) is a beautiful assistant and a man who is annoying aunt named Gucci (Mad Ebenne), but he does not know what he is doing but eventually becomes suspicious after the murder of Karl Hermann. Frank R. Staser was confused with being James Whale, but he was the most efficient director of the "Blondie" films in the novel and filmed "The Old Dark House" in Universal. I'm not sure that these pictures are obviously obvious, but it's practically impossible to resist a film with this film, including Fresh. By doing his Renfield role in his own hands he is friendship with bats and strokes and puts them in his pocket to keep them safe! It is not a matter of Dr. Moopan's control that Dr. Otto Emil does not describe this, and in this way "Dr. Caligari's Cabinet", on the other hand, is probably the weakest part of the script. The big caves, which I made of the other films made by Bryson Canyon, are some of the other tips that I have observed with Frey's hunt, which was also made for other films, and it was her true color of brown hair. True horror movie fans appreciate this more than others but I think this is a fun movie to view for everyone and it is well worth it with a cast of an attractive one.
