This is one of the most undervalued artifacts of all time in my opinion, provoking its idea, exciting shows all around and funny! All the characters are amazing, and the story is just brilliant !, plus Jodie Foster and Cherie Curie These are just amazing! Ending is very powerful, but I do not spoil for you, and I'm the top notch of character development! Plus you will be rooting for them plus you can really relate to all of the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie! Plus, I loved how slow I moved, and giving you the opportunity to get to know all the characters and there. I can not believe that this only has a 5.9 rating here, and it is funny seeing this kind of character Randy Quaid, plus this is very well written and well! Madge (Marilyn Kagan) is a scene where I feel really embarrassed to her mother for having a party, and the film is very surprising moments! Plus dialog is particularly exciting. This is one of the most infamous masterpieces of all time (in my opinion), provoking its thought, funny and sad with all the amazing performances all around, and I immediately go see it! Direction is awesome !. The Adrian line does an amazing job here, with excellent camera work, and placing the image at the very engrossing pace !. Acting is amazing! Jodi Foster is really beautiful, and is always as spectacular, she is very fond of, caring, having a lovable role, is in some scenes serious, focusing, and she and Cherie are the heart of the movie like Jeanie and Annie! (Foster Rules !!!!!!!). Cherie curly the way, and here it is wonderful, she really gives the girl a very strong appearance, help her just need, and she has a very memorable character created a very memorable character, I feel sorry for her character! Brad was great as he really liked Scott Baio, and his job was well I liked him. Randy Quaid was great in his serious role and I was surprised by him. Sally Klimmeran I very much liked her mother. Merlin Kagan and Condis Stroh are good people like Madem and Daedhe, and the other two friends. Laura Dern has a very early role, which is cool to see her, not quite part of it. The rest of the cast will do well. Overall it's going to look promptly, it's a lesser masterpiece! ***** from 5
