Vincent Pryce's first real-horror hit was released in the previous year - "Mad Magician" is simply the most pure thrillers, the happiest set of set-pieces, the delightful 3d effects, the sublime acting performances and the terrible horror gimmicks as its ancestor! Pryce's character, writer Dan Galoco, wrote that the author Crane Wilbur was sure that "the winner would never change the team", and another damaged soul retaliated and retreated against those who had done injustice. Don Gallicco Gallicco performs his first own Illusionist show as the Great, and plans to showcase the greatest magic trick in history; "The Girl and the Buzz Saw". Suddenly, Gallicco's casual lonely career will be destroyed when his former owner Ross Onnd appears on stage and under a nose under his nose, and all the discoveries of Gallicus are the real property of the company. The confusing and merciless Orenand, who once exploited the beloved wife of Galgto, participated in a show that saw the triangle at Bujazo's rival The Great Rinaldi. Inevitably the gallic snaps and the unfortunate butchers Oormand, but ?? Being a master even creating disguise ?? To recreate the image of his victim and even lead to dual life. The "Mad Magician" is a fun and completely unoriginal 50's horror film in the Grand Guignol style, all of which are quite improbable plot turns (the owner turns into a brilliant crime writer?) And some amazing grotesque macro-out moments are clearly indicated). At the beginning of the film, such as the 3-D delights, the Yo-Yo player and the Goofy Trick with water fountains are just as useful as time hype and contemporary 50s hype, but it's still fun to see them right now. "Mad Magician" is also interesting in a seasonal timing scenario, as the microwave fingerprints began to be used as witnesses and the character of Alice Prentice for the leading crime writers of that period. Vincent Price is a perfect emergency element for success in this movie, and it is not necessary to say that this legend has never been cast from almost every other horror film. No other actor has ever achieved, and the price is gradually lower and more like mental madness and more such vague mesmerizing. You are so grateful to Dan Gallicco, and at the same time you scare him very much. You are supporting his retaliatory acts, and simultaneously you end up with the death of his murders. Vincent Price is just an intellectual actor and, in my humble opinion, is the embodiment of horror style.
