<br /> <br /> How do you define a man between two worlds, a guilty sin and a liberated liberation? Mary Harron & Giuerver Turner, by Mary Harron If that guy was to eventually embarrass herself in split personality disorder in her final point, specifically to demonstrate her own point. If you're director Mary Harron, you should not be away from pushing the temperament of the confused Battery page. Allow you to drift back and forth between the power of God's power and the forgiveness of power of the church and a pinup model and the power of regulation and superiority of seductive illusion provided in the page in her years. By doing so, a complex character is given to the audience, if it goes forward with the desire to leave the confusion in the past, the fight for the sake of her for the sake of her and the restoration of her images in God's eyes. <br /> Let me bow at the right time, because she does not matter how many eyes she has. <br /> <br /> Bettie PAGE is a light-hearted comedy at times like black and white, enjoying the film's enjoyment and as much as the belief of how hard it is for the corruption of pornography. But the director felt more palpably at the time of the page of delicate hand despair. Harron is a sensitive, thinker of the director, who denies the many and devastating blows of the page she faces her viewer. Instead, surprisingly influential in playing the title role, Gretchen Mole, fearing her in the eyes of the viewer, could hurt her character's pain, she was crying and was shy on her skin. Most directors, perhaps most male directors, show the heroine in painful locations to attach a link between her whereabouts and her where she took her life, and Harron is her most compassionate character, her actress and her audience. From vulnerability, the page learns to rely on people and as more photographers fall in love with her image, she has fallen in love with their appreciation and control at her glance. By the time she went to her soft-core S & M, she found that she needed to respect her whole life. <br /> <br /> Mary Harron's Betty Page is a woman who is eager to control her life and destiny, where to stand, where is it said about smile and wear. When she finally realized that she had nothing to do with her, she hugged God and listened to her voice. The real mourning behind this most important decision is that she is still guiding her blindly; She has more confidence that this direction is good for her soul.
