I liked it ... that ... I did not like the animated series ... I love it !!!. The fact that we make this less impressive is that we can not all compare and appreciate, but this cartoon is superb, but it really does not like it too much. Bruce has a lot of people who talk about being cold, but this is a foul-and-dark attitude after 5 years, someone in a criminal-fighting gang that is not my fault. Batman Dude Grayson is better suited to her because Dick Grayson is not a Robin, and Batman is a good teammate, not like the new Robin, he is a child and you can not rely too much on the kid. But what did not work here? New artwork ... it's not terrible ... but I do not work in line like Batman. This dark character with a maniac killer like this joker, so you put this kind of art in this cartoon, the Joker is not bad shape, but I'm like the last Joker (but I always star in the best Joker Batman: The Joker is back), so this Joker is fine not. The good thing about the Joker still refers to the voice of Hamil. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (she's in love for her) they put an amazing piece for her: Mad Love (the best episode of this series for me). Here we are finally changing to Harley Quinn, and how the Joker changed her mind, and it is no series of darker, no happy ending in the animated series, the brutal struggle with the Joker (but very small). But generally she did not like how Harley did in the series ... They were funny in almost every episode but she was punchy in a ridiculous manner, she was nonsense, she made mistakes ... She was sleepy and laughing with her, not from her ... and here they are ridiculous (I was the only one who thought I was crazy in love and creepy cares H only). My favorite, Mad Love, Jokers Millions, Old Wounds, Dad's Sins, and Cold Easiness: Good Sound Effects, Nice Music, Nice Voices and Nice Episodes. You're enjoying Batman: but you do not have much spec, on the other hand if you do not watched TAS, watch this first and see TAS so you really gonna love: D
