After The Snar's Glories, it is possible to make Hannafo more fun, and it does not break the expectation, but it is better between the best and the worst the first chapter. And excellent second in terms of quality and simple entertainment. The screenplay comes from the Asuso Masmura and featuring the hin-zink of some Hansjo movie, along with The Snar, but the film will make good little changes on this formula, along with the film-driven comedy. A peaceful, reflective edge. The film is frightened by a ghost with Hanzos supporters, and he immediately decides that he must have the knowledge of this ghost's body. This tells the story of violent and grievous consequences, as predicting the story of robbery stealing coins and guessing the story of theft, corruption and interest from the setup. Shinto Katsu is fantastic as Hannah hoped, coming across effortlessly as a gruesome war and sexual power of nature, which is equally good in humor and favorite, almost a typical gentleman's drama, a beautifully rounded performance filled with a touching edge of social conscience and personal sense . When the comedy came to prominence, his movements with "Snake" Magogie are so much fun in the series, but his interactions with his services are always entertaining. With good moments, affordable overall actions and a bit of smashing, the film is much less restrictive. The shades of the two predecessors, the theme, the pace and the smarts are reminiscent of the snar, and it makes the film better when the film moves, with a sharper and effective initial inquiry. Equally, the director Yoshio Inau Kenji Misimmi offers the most efficient scenes in a more experimental way in the lesser-managed work. The Sword of Justice is a little bit of work, and sometimes even better, the guy who tunes on the cotto, hijo sucks his wife, sometimes a little weak, tying strings like a strangle to the chaos in the motionless motionless psychedelic motion. Nudity and bloodshed is generally sharp, although it is a pity, stronger approach is both better, but it is definitely the most appropriate film of flattening and totalitarian nudity and violence. But the lowest of exploitation items is still quite amusing, predictable moments are made up of ablom and there are some more effective surprises around, more than adequate intrigue and excitement. For fans it is a movie that really plays a last-minute job and if it is not spectacular. A pleasant trilogy, the second best thing, and the smell of such things is good for the enthusiasts, the smoke is totally fun.
