"Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô Jigoku Zeme" ("Razor 2: The Snar", 1973), its magnificent (and even sleazier) sequel ("Hajo the Razor - Sword of Justice", 1972), "This is" Goyokibiba: Oni Noah Hanja Yawhada Coban "aka The Incredible Samurai-Constable Hanzo's The Razor 'Itamy (The Greatest Shinto Katsu) was a wonderfully saga's third, and the sinister final installment," Razor 3: Who's Got the Gold ", as well as his enormous As a big fan of 70 robotic movies in Nippon, "Sword of Justice" became my favorite instant, and when I finally got caught up with them, I'm curious to find the sequels, and I guess it's as good as this third "Hanzo" movie is as good as its ancestors No, this is not a lover of Japanese snooping movie Khach "Who's Got the Gold" is a bit more than two highscore films, but it's just a fantastic, humorous and humorous comedy, and soon begins the storyless basis: The film begins, when two of Hanoo's assistants are fishing A woman will see the ghost. Having always wanted to sleep with a ghost, Hanzon insists his assistants are driving him to the spot ... I do not know if it is not a good start for a fantastic movie experience. One of my personal favorite actors is Shinto Katsu, once again in the role of Hanja, a specially written character for him. Katsu IS Hanna, an absurd and fearless constable, hates corruption and deliberately insulted his officials and its special questioning methods rape women suspects. He trained in a very strange ritual, with women who questioned him rather than soon after his sexual abilities and enormous penis. I do not think much about the plot in "Who Goat the Gold", but I can assure you that it sounds cool. Supporting performances are very good, and in advance, there are plenty of ridiculous characters. The last film in this tragic ludicrous 'hanja' series. If they made 20 sequels, I'll take all of them happy! The whole Hanjo series is great, and the third part is a bit smaller compared to its predecessor, all of lovers of the Cult-Cinema must be sure to see! Oh, I wish you had more sequels!
