The Hypotheses du Table Value (1979) of Stoylon Painting (1979) begins on the premises of the old, three-story Parisian apartment building. Inside, the collector we met, an obsessive Impressionist-era painter, is an elderly man who devoted his life to the study of the six known paintings of Tonnerre. A storyteller recounts many epigrams about art and painting, then the collector tells us about his paintings, shows us, tells us about the artist and the scandal that brought him, and then he walks through a door, In the world, or in the worlds, or possibly limits to other possible worlds. The collector shows us through his clear limitless house, including the big grass full of trees with his son; In these limits, 6 paintings come to life or half way, he walks us through various table max and draws the meaning of every painting, the full mystery of the whole work, the whole secret history behind the scenes, the scandal, the paintings and the novels. And so on and so on. Every room, every description, leads us into a labyrinth, and all while the collector and presenter are verging into their distinct monologue, very occasional conversation, but mostly special and different. <br /> This is a second time watched, so bizarre and powerful and it is indescribable, and challenging to think about or write about. If I have an estimate of what I have added to it all, it is a satirical satire of the whole nature of artistic interpretation. One of the most entertaining and unsustainable sequences in one of the most thoroughly unsustainable scenes thrown by some collective plastic sculptures in the collector is that he may also see photos of the sculptures that are sculpted in the paintings - and then he has progressed through his collection and now partially life-size versions of the toy. <br /> <br /> If I have any definite conclusions about "L'Hyypothèse du tableau volé" or not, the opening of Peter Greenaway (and Contemporary) As the works "H by A Walk", I can hardly say as hard as so enthralled by so intense, so intense, so serious ... and at the heart, Depending on the unfortunate and fun.
