This project was originally viewed as a feature film of the famous Japanese manga Slam Dunk! And Jay Chow, who made his film debut to play a role from another adult popular manga early D., is not something new. Also, it also decided to incorporate the title of the film, some kung fu, though the idea was, and gratefully, the kung fu actually kept the scenes affecting the games. , And in Kung Fu Dunk, are very unnecessary because they can not add plot or drums more enthusiasm and are cheaper to cheer up and recall when Stephen Chow used kung fu in football games. He is the first time he struggles in martial arts (the golden man who is the scourge of anyone) and Ching Siu-Tung's stunt, so Jay Chou is a martial artist Fong Shi-ji. Kung Fu has practiced the practitioner and he saw the trailer to see who he was the owner of the gangsters in a bar Enanni malfunctioning was not really believable. Giving him no need as a top shot, practically able to shoot hops from any perspective. And Eric Tang for a short time with Chun-Lie and becomes his agent, he plays the university at university basketball, but the team captain Ting-wei (Chen Bo-Lin) and the team initially objected to Star Xiao-Lan (Baron Chen, in his big screen). <br /> You are in the same team with teammates and they do not have time to combine their strengths to take opponents in the basketball court. <br /> <br /> This bass is how football bass is basketball. It's good because of the good characteristic of sports, although they are very cool and away from the courts. Here, special effects and wire-work are acting to appear as the top performers in the NBA league, and in all honesty, especially when they mimic different dunking movements, and thanks to combo-technology and stunt work. So actually, the Kung Fu elements are not really in the cinema. The stunt work itself has to be able to justify many moves by actually having a lot of moves, forbidding you to believe that the boys at an average height of the height to reach that height for a professional dunk have springs on their feet. <Br /> <br /> The number of games was very low, having only a lot of time spent with subfields, but when everyone else was out in the story and out, they liked it. Like Shi-G's quest to use basketball games to attend his parents for a day, gangstereism penetrates and influences the game and Charles Chouee has nothing to do with his love life better and another flower vase. Everyone is good, leaving a small room for the main characters to add so deeply. One of the most important themes is the realization of the team's importance rather than the individual skills and abilities, and the players are more involved in the court, than that. <br /> <br /> With a US $ 10 million budget, it's easy to see where money goes - In particular, the key element of the huge fantasy sequence film. It's very flawless, it's good to keep in mind its quality, but I want to emphasize it again, without these things, basketball stunts will also make this good picture with nifty basketball moves. And Jay J Chau gave your team any hope for the box office success.
