Jay Chow plays an orphan who is raised in a Kung Fu school, but was dismissed by a corrupt principal after fierce villain's job fought some of the thugs. When he turns on his luck trickster Eric Tsang, soon the talent of the young man sees the cash potential. Basketball is the preferred street for the wealthy, and auction auction he is to get a spot on a university team and encourage him to the media. General success leads to a basketball championship and will lead to a nasty rival team that has previously been run by the same infamous villain. <br /> <br /> It is not all unexpected Shaolin Soccer, but quirky or ridiculous - close to Sports Movie Conventions, and offers all the items that the group expects from setup. It's kind of stuff that you've seen all before, but it hurts to see again when it's working well. Fortunately, it's really well done (some are surprisingly, with Chu Yen-ping in the director's chair ... I think he has good supporters) - the script provides and the show is slick and beautiful. Jay Chow is pretty much expressive throughout, but has a pretty good effect on his style, and when he does not allow it to flick an emotion across it. Eric Tsang replaces the most important life character, most of the films he had before in most emotional situations (in real life, for example). <br /> <br /> Since the film revolves around basketball, the basketball match sequences are thrilling. The cast also add that element to the hyper-real kung fu skill that can justify more entertaining (assuming you as the sort of thing) and justify the plot / presence of the film, and show some real skill, including some well-made wirework and CGI There is only one scene in the film, but it is a betrayal of "against many" style. Jay Chow does a lot of his own tactics, and he is very impressive - he is pretty strong and fast for the truth, and Ching Siu-Tung's choreography makes him a real martial artist. <br /> <br /> I think the Chinese New Year blockbuster is very kind, I thought it would be from the trailer, and recommended the recommendation!
