Lost, probably the best t.v series ever made. The storyline is clever and when you look at an episode for all of your questions, there are more than 100 people. If lost, it can stay in fantastic ways and remove the outstanding performance if not far from it. Survivors in a plane crash are forced to live with each other on a remote island, a dangerous new world causing its only threats. How interesting is it on earth after reading your idea? And your answer is, every season SO FAR is always full of surprises, you're always questioning your soul and gonna happen every time the next, the most unexpected thing happens and the story goes on amazingly SO FAR! This series gives you the best wishes, from the creators and the excellent cast to create an incredible story. Lost is simply unbelievable, exciting, most entertaining, best song, t.v.Why do you want to keep it? <br /> <br /> If you do not know how to look at the t.v or watch drama Lost Your Hating or Criticism is a little bit little bit little bit little bit little bit little bit all just a little bit of all the other shots of Lost Beat. Lost just do not despair, I think you can keep getting a series better to continue getting a long time. But it is! It's just put on the flowing of news without you ever think off. "Every thing happens for a reason." And it's really shown in the series. In the end you add up all the evidence and everything that has reached a point or adds. You can understand how the characters have changed and how and why it's going on. <br /> <br /> 10 minutes of excitement: You see that you have not seen the coming, something went on big island or island. There is hope somewhere. You see a major twist that can change everything or change it. To hear the parrot of your thinking, you wonder what's going on. Your heart beat. 30 minutes Illumination: You will hear amazing music by a flawless scenery, tension building, Michael Giacino. You will see great flash spines, impressive acting. <br /> <br /> Do you think every minute you will enjoy, they will enjoy every minute. Wait for the next part, they talk about 24/7. This series is for me and a lot of people. Lost. Once you start watching, you can not get enough. The creators did a flawless job. Lost is absolutely unique and original, you can not see it. The "past and flashforations" and the clever idea of ​​important and varied ones every season makes your thoughts suck. Will they ever make a "Lost" lineup? Something interesting and something you will always remember. It is t.v. It just surprised the world when it hit. A new generation of dramatic / science fiction. <br /> <br /> I'm losing all of you and I'm sure 5 reviews of reviews and your troubled friend can stop telling you about them. <br /> Every episode will lead to something new and it's not much better and better, When you go along with it you will be more interested, you can also learn things off the island Not. The characters are very fond of you and you love to get lost in more detail in your critically acclaimed way, how the relationship between the characters has improved and how they look and how they look and how to take on challenges from the island. All together it is a great drama and a flawless series. I guess we will lose, I do not lose in the episodes, I think you can go too far ... so if you lose, read the comment above and change your mind. I am confident that when you start looking, you will never see me forever .I strongly recommend this masterpiece of the series: Lost !! Start looking !!! You have not seen anything until you see the lost!
