Although the original 1932 version with Preston Foster was good, I was not sure it was worth more than one or somewhere in 1959, as I strongly suspected that there was something like Mickey Rooney. The performance is never as awesome, or the script is more thought-inspiring, as well as enhancing the original. Over the past few years, in 1970, Mickey Rooney has read a story that he thinks he has been sentenced to death and that he has been completely dramatically removed in any sense of personal identity, in the same circumstances. This essay is the smallest in the main character and not very expensive, with the quality of the prisoners that his fiery intentions have greatly emphasized, and I do not care to quote the language clearly. . . . . One of my major issues with the death penalty is, in fact, not equitable, impartially applied, and many innocent people are so careless that they have been sent unnecessarily to this particular task. Another problem I had with it was not applied quickly, or, for that matter, publicly enough! In such cases, the Bible makes a special focus, one of the main objectives of such matters, not just the blurred, minus, open view, all the direct partnership! Statistically, is a potential barrier to those who claim to prove it? Besides having a problem about the reliability of their data, I have been behind bars now due to the lack of any such impediment to any impartial disprovable suspicion that is very low. However, Robert Duvall, in The Apostle, is punished for all his special "offense", or grateful to one another, only the "temporary insanity" protection, which is only acceptable in his case. . . . In addition to the many other questions related to Mickey Rooney's intentions for that special visit, I will only try to predict the answers, and I doubt the crucial religious nature of doubt. I will now make a special point when he does not know exactly what he announces, if possible, emphasize that he is; But, nobody knows better, this particular group of people is very intense for blood, which collects an eye for an eye. Anyway, there is no doubt about me, no doubt, Scripturally speaking, not all, and not for many, as a result of his sacrifice on the cross to avoid the ultimate fate. Nevertheless, I have a problem about the spirit or attitude that many Christians emphasize their enthusiasm for the death penalty; (Ezekiel 18:32) (II Peter 3: 9), they will be guilty of finding the cause for guilt! . . . For most people, this exaggeration will appreciate adequately, toward the issue of burning forever, the Lord is dynamic and endlessly soft as he is as hard as nature. He looks intrinsically disturbed on both sides of his instinct, even internally, by any specific human calculation. Nevertheless, in his nature, the mixture of water and oil is not merely considered as unintentionally, but any smaller one, either on one side or on the other side of this equation, is not fit and acceptable for all legal truth. In fact, I have seen a lot of blood-lubricating thirst, and self-contrary enough, in many cases, when classification is required to be executed by death, with very rational equilibrium, although the Lord is actually dead for everyone, it's all going to be saved. After all, to be redeemed, to repeat the same word, reach and receive, that is, repentance (Luke 13: 3-5). Anything more meaningless? . . . But what about the commandment of the Lord to apologize to one of the enemies of the enemy and to apologize to those who hate you without harshness and vengeance? One of the difficulties of these kind of sentiments is prominently misinterpreted, making the true meaning of apology vague. The apology act, which means it is not a matter of forgiving a person who has not been forgiven. When a person has a clear, rationally well-balanced attitude, from God's own perspective perspective, it is really forgiven, ultimately successful, seeing the light, and granting light. This attitude, in fact, says that it is very unpleasant to Jonah when God said that the message of repentance to Nineveh would result in repentance. Jonah did not want them to repent, but they wanted to be destroyed. Most self-righteous, many Christians have a gluttonous blood, and its reasons are undoubtedly better than many! I was almost jealous of Jonah. Nevertheless, the apology of the forgiving one's apology is no forgiveness that he can accept from a true Christian. In such a situation, the true Christian only benefits!
