Forbidden Planet is valuable in the film, especially since the 1950s, refers to the type of science fiction. The World Earth Stood Still and War of the Worlds, but it does not forget the gem, it's a great doctor's progress to tell the story of the astronauts on a planet taken from Shakespeare's The Tempest. It's not the most spectacular see to look at with its importance on the characters and its themes (see the 1966 is the largest machine that creates those sets and physician for 1956), but its significance on the characters and its themes is not the type of progress </ strong> on the surface- the first ten minutes If it is authentic, more professionally acting and directing with better skill than B-movies from time to time Magnanimous. The astronauts ship has a goal of the planet Altair-4 to bring back the missing journey decades earlier. But the rest were immune to Dr. Morbis (Walter Pidzin) and his daughter and others who had killed the dead. Morbius seems to be a heartfelt and most intelligent man and may think that astronauts led by his technique Skipper (Leslie Nielsen) rely only to report to their bosses on earth. <br /> <br /> But there is a catch - When everyone keeps an eye on it, everyone is killed by the crew by the crew, then an invisible electric fence goes into something invisible. Meanwhile, there is probably some romance between Skipper and Alraira, and there is a more pushy vibe from the doctor: you should not have come to the planet to begin, and now you need to go. What is happening is entirely intellectual, in a totally intellectual level, but the Forbidden Planet is always forgotten that some of its viewers have some useful ideas to be entertained by the story. Everyone can recall Robbie Robot, and for a good reason, perhaps the most unforgettable film for me, the monster realized on the screen with the creativity of the red and the crested creature from the Fantasia. /> <br /> Acting from Pidgeon is subtle: something is in the role and in this speaking show, but in the end it makes the character a lot, you do not expect him to be a villain is more complicated than one. And other shows include Culban (I, adding, Bourbon is helping with one of the funniest scenes in the film with Robby's gallon, who are workmanlike but amazing from Holliman's birthday leader Nielsen giving some great comic relief). And the music for the epic of its time (today is also a nostalgic trendy trend), and the music made in electronics, is beautiful in its "tones". But ultimately it's screenplay and direction from Hickoks, which keeps this line in the rest of the B-movie. When it's meant to be funny, it works so it works. It adds well to its tight motion with the actors when it is dramatic. <br /> When we are prepared to think about our horrible situation, we will not be moved in our faces or will not be inserted with mega-action, but gradually, gradually. <br /> <br /> The inspiration for many other science fiction films, and the timing of the oldest is a fine marker of intelligent science fiction stories and books, classy and entertaining classics.
