In the beginning I was a lot of things about 'Forbidden Planet' and yes, I definitely thought it was a 'classic' science fiction film for many reasons. But in the years adulation goes a bit over my opinion. A little more power than Leonard Maltin 'Forbidden Planet' "... one of the most prestigious and brilliant films of its genre." Ambitious? Without doubt. Clever? Depending on which part of the picture you talk to. It is definitely the most prestigious and most budget science fiction film at that time. With a cost of about $ 2 million (which was recalled in 1956), MGM removed all stops to produce a dazzling, eye-popping outer space adventures, from the larger display studio in front of the employee to the front of the employee. More broad special effects. 'Charming' is not a term used to describe special effects in science fiction movies, but it is the most appropriate here. The terrible 'monster' from id also has a good cartoon character only by Disney people, and is not likely to scare anyone at the age of eight. And when I look at different sets, I'm reminiscent of art, designs, costumes, etc., I'm the 'Wizard of Oz,' with its gorgeously saturated colors and always persuasive effects. These films have been very hard work, one of which is unwilling to smile without any admiration. 'Forbidden Planet' is wonderful to see. These scenes are magnificently decorated, with sandstones dotted in the background of matte paintings and space in the background, and the depth of depth. This is like watching the most widely produced platform game you're ever looking for. The most believable and convincing scenes are probably inside the huge creek complex, with the vast depth and breadth of the inner space shots perfectly complete and reliable. But we get the actors, make it darn. The performances are almost uniformly awful, though a dialogue in the law exceeds the level of humor in the clutter locker room, but excludes some passages of some scientific techable bubble. Even great actor Walter Pidgeon has been reduced to giving a hammy performance, which is lugubrious at times. Most young Leslie Nielsen spaceship commander J.J. Adams, and did not mention the ounce of faith or belief in the whole film. He realizes thirty years in advance, as he is at times when he can keep his lyrics simple and simple. Every forced reaction, it comes out of high school drama, whether anger or hobby or serious meditation. Anne Francis, at a very young age, is a trusted alta, a little better, and another person can never see her father until the staff of the spaceship. (Alta Morbius, now there's a name for you.) Unfortunately, at this young age, Anne Francis' Virgin Butterfly 8 looks like a lizard and simple as Elizabeth Taylor. About the members of the band about Elta and Erl Holman's 'cookie,' the cook's cook was buried somewhere under another little subaplate where a good story. I do not think these actors went straight to acting, depending on the fantastic world of Shakespeare's 'The Tempest,' dead race story, Crowl, and the fantastic world of the fairy world. Many people come to remember about 'Forbidden Planet' and good reasons. For a few minutes here and there, you can forget about the rest of the movie and the crawl underground complex can be influenced by the concept of Disney artists. Is not it enough to make the cinematic errors? You decide your own thing. Oh, and of course Robby Robot, think about what a robot should be talking about every 1950's ten years old. He's funny. Places. So, for me 'Forbidden Planet' is a very, very mixed bag. It is credit worthy of stimulating the science fiction films and TV programs as an inspiration, not the 'Star Trek'. But I will go back to anyone who thinks more about comic book science fiction than I have thought.
