When thinking about a 1950s science fiction film, one might think of a kind of black and white B movies that parodied the old Mystery Science Theater 3000 television show. However, better images than the Outer Space and Robot Monster from the Plan 9, like a lot of movies in the 1950s, great, if not, The Day the Earth Stood Still, The Incredible Shrinking Man, Invasion, such as science fiction films of the body snacers, War of the Worlds, and The Thing From Wales World. However, MGM's first major science fiction, Forbidden Planet, was undoubtedly released for its literacy and production values ​​in 1956. This is a 98-minute color film directed by Fred M. Wilcox. ఆర్ట్ స్పెషల్ ఎఫ్ఫెక్ట్స్ యొక్క స్టేట్ ఆఫ్ స్టేట్, మరియు ఇర్వింగ్ బ్లాక్ మరియు అల్లెన్ అడ్లెర్లచే ఫేటల్ ప్లానెట్ అని పిలవబడే స్క్రీన్ ట్రీట్మెంట్ నుండి సిరిల్ హ్యూమ్ చాలా మంచి స్క్రీన్ ప్లేని దానం చేసాడు, వీరు విలియం షేక్స్పియర్ యొక్క ది టెంపెస్ట్ లోకి ప్రవేశించారు. <Br / Louis and Bebe Barron (Music Guild fees to avoid the electronic tonalitisga known), the matte paintings - the film's release, Walt Disney Studios from the debt, animator, Joshua medar by the animated is, Chesley bonnestel and ID (moti) of the famous monster. In its first role in a movie or television, Robbie the Robot became more famous. తరువాత ఈ DVD లో ఒక బోనస్గా చేర్చబడిన ది ఇన్విజిబుల్ బాయ్ చిత్రంలో కనిపించాడు, అలాగే 1960 లలో సైన్స్ ఫిక్షన్ TV లో ది ట్విలైట్ జోన్, నైట్ గేలరీ, మరియు లాస్ట్ ఇన్ స్పేస్ లలో పలు ప్రదర్శనలు ఉన్నాయి, గందరగోళం, మరియు 1984 చలన చిత్రం గ్రేమ్లిన్స్ లో ఒక అతిధి పాత్ర. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, but beautifully constructed and funneled by the fiery, which forces the 'Love Story' forcing into the film. In the 23rd century, United Planets Cruiser C-57D-Commander J.J. A flying saucer headed. ఆడమ్స్ (లెస్లీ నీల్సన్- అవును, అతను తన పోలీస్ స్క్వాడ్ రోజులకు ముందు ఒక ప్రముఖ వ్యక్తి రకం), ఇరవై ఏళ్ళ క్రితం గ్రహానికి పంపిన బెల్లెరోఫోన్ బృందానికి ఏం జరిగిందో పరిశోధించడానికి గ్రహం అల్టెయిర్ IV కి వెళుతుంది. A year journey, then there are the party's lone survivors, Dr. Edward morbiyas (Walter Pidgeon), Prospero stand-in - distinctly heard, his gorgeous blond daughter alteyira (Anne Francis) - 1960 pre mirjanda as Miranda, the role of the experienced, and kalibaniyan counter the domestic Servant Robbie the Robot. Morbius warned the crew of a mysterious power that killed the Bellerophon party in their first year, and he blocked it. Overall, the technically good film - especially the rear projections and matte painting and the absurdity of adult reactions to Timmy and Rabies' exploits Dalian surrealist absurd border. However, the filmmakers did not have any understanding of the absurd absurdity in the film, as it was a direct act, so it became ridiculous. For the main feature Forbidden Planet deserves all the attributes. It's not a perfect image, but it's a great way to spend two hours, and it's better than Star Wars, twenty years later, it's been outdated and childhood. <br /> <br /> 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, Alien and Aliens and the first two Terminator movies are the only ones that have the same or incomparable effects of the classic. Planet's 'Happy Ending', still in the Alto, is still likely to be in Monti's sleep. After all, she had a more apparent nightmare than her father when her father's daughter, and the motive ship was attacked for the second time. Moreover, the movie is intelligently shown only once, and never shows Kell, because fables always have more fears than the best special effects. The narrative's use of rectangles to cut the story is well-known, which often fails to do in most original artworks. Prohibited Planet is still one of the rare films and beyond its era - there are explicit public references, other than those of other science fiction films. Look at it, and you agree, as well as a little less easy sleep. But, even if you do not, there is still a scene of Anne Francis skydipping. It's timeless.
