Forbidden Planet rates as a science fiction in science fiction, while still playing with contemporary films and ideas of the 1950s (science - not fantasy, the Erga Merds is affectionately) has "hard" elements. The solitary home of Morbius is a model for modern design with modern sculptures, carved gardens, swimming pool, ultimate home appliance: Robbie Robot. "A homemaker dream!" <br /> <br /> The 1950s were also revealed: Freudian psychology buried its description in the description of the Id, although Morbius dismissed it as an old one. There is a touch of dazzling monster in the war and the Pacific War play in the saucer of life. Post-nuclear fear that science is the enemy, and proud scientists will unwittingly bring down destruction in their blind quest for knowledge. <br /> The suburban drama sci-fi generation presented by Forbidden Planet yet. They are not swashbucklers or heroes, but ordinary sailors crossing the galaxy with the brutality and honesty of a serviceman. Good people drive saucer saucer, and the aliens have long gone missing what they looked like - Bebe and Lewis Baron Their music - "weather tonalities" are unusual in the future today. Opinion from Morbius House is truly alien with confusing peaks and pink bonsaiys. The interior of the saucer is this area of ​​Buck Rogers. Very fond of sight. Although we have got fantastic monsters and robots for kiddies, the Forbidden Planet is a cerebral picture, slow and spoken. It works at several levels at once: hard science fiction against space adventure, philosophical against domestic. <br /> <br /> There are so many suburban touches. Despite their space-talks, the soldiers wore for the golf course. The fatal discovery of Morbius is an educated academic institution, a school building. The most interesting character is Morbius's daughter Altaira. As she never saw a man, she was uncomfortable with her staff. She will create her own space-wardrobe outfit and a Madonna teen who takes every opportunity to change clothes. Imagine her with Christina Aguilera as a home replicator. Men looking at this movie can be seen as the innocent girl as a young girl, but every woman knows the innocent girl as a little girl. Anne Francis deserves a good reputation for insulting Louth with kisses. Since the Captain has become a more interesting target from the barriers and his focus, we never know whether he will "work" as he suspects. She has an important role in the film. His father's dead docs compares to other "embeciles" at his landing party, leaving her sailors and her sailors away from her father. Moreover, Morbius sends the id of the crest on the edge, which destroys his creator thousands of centuries ago to Kremlin. <br /> <br /> There are also daughters of Kremlin Teenage.
