Dorothy Malone won an Oscar for her Best Actress at the Academy Awards ceremony on March 27, 1957, an over-the-top role of a spoiled heiress of the Texas oil giant written in WIND. <br /> <br /> <br /> The 1956 Potaboler imitated from Robert Wilder's novel is a real three-ring-circus performing alcoholism, greed, impotence and numphomania. <br /> <br /> Marilie Hadley, the whole film critic of the rejection of rejection from an early childhood girlfriend. It is mesmerizing to see even when resorts for the "lowest-normal-character" play, WIND's writing is finally a man's work, a magnificent gigantic director Douglas Sirk, an immigrant from his predecessor World War 2 Weimer Germany. The European theater heritage is back in pursuit of her career in Hollywood . <br /> <br /> The simplest person, Circus, was named as a loyal director of the Universal studio's credible director in the 1950s, especially the Ross Hunter Productions's gorgeous sentiments, the heart and the sustainability of everything. Independent producer Albert Jugsmith Cirk offered an opportunity to work outside of the limited restrictions of Universal's vulgar entertainment and create a larger, "sensational" product, thus the 1957 torpeded Angels, Universal International Banner. Cirk did not continue to have sensitive themes, but whose view is why more artistic sensitivities are directed to direct these superlative dramas. Written in WIND is considered to be Cirk's legendary soap opera; In fact, it is characterized by a great deal of human weakness and neurosis, as it is weak as indigenous controversy in any real life between rich and president. Robert Stock (not an actor who is generally known for over-voting) is comparable to Malone's weaker brother, Kyle Hadley, with the shadow of his patriarchal father. When he realizes he has not been able to bring his new bride (beautifully Leonen Lauren Pacal), Hadley is already raising a serious drinking problem with a "secret" gunfire that threatens the mental bomb. Brother and sister, as the victims of their past, give them human quality, making them less cruel (and the "good" side of the family, mainly Pakal and unfortunately beautiful Rock Hudson, young Hadley's old childhood friend and business Mate, aging, and a surrogate to the unpleasant object of Malone S son), which is reminiscent of all the indie co-based on the show, which is reminiscent of the film's storyline. With true lyrics for filmmaking and compilation, director Circc attracts the film with the most technocolar cinematography that attracts his audience: each shot shot of saturated color eye-filling canvas A pink cadillac like a tank Jari Miami garish decor of the hotel until the front doors of the building, pulling out an enormous, almost blinding in their diversity, in a spectrum of colors. And dramatic scenes have experimental use of circled camera angles, shadow light and cross-cut editing where a rebels, drunken Malone, desperately dances in a loud tension of a record player, pushes down the staircase huge stairs; The scene is inspired that you swear a great Oedipal drama blossoming. What you're really seeing is a lot of entertaining kind of worse, improving perfection through a sensational technicolor and a visual intellectual.
