What a wonderful image. I will admit that I am very ambitious on the subject. It will be too long for a little over two and a half hours. But these notes are flawed in any way. Cry Freedom, despite its small flaws, is a powerful, moving and compelling film about Black Activist Steve Biko's story in his struggle to awaken the horrors of South Africa. It is stronger than the second, in terms of the first half emotional impact. People complained that the film did not bother Woods. I might be wrong, but it is Bicho's story, it is said in Woods' perspective, so Woods is an important character in telling the story of the world of biko. <br /> <br /> Cry Freedom sight is amazing. This is a visual dinner with a show-stopping cinematography and a spectacular South African scene. The opening scenes were particularly brilliantly portrayed. George Fenton's music brought a lot of scenes to a real dramatic weight. It was subtle in the second half of the sequels, but it was confusing and dramatic in the audience's scenes. The script has exceptional quality, courtroom scenes with Biko are really enough to make you think this is a real quality thing WOW. The first half of the main role played by Biki has a continuous emotional feel, a police attack by South African citizens or a biko death. The second half of Donald Woods has a low emotional punch, but it is graphically portrayed, performed and replaced by a written one. And there are also honestly vibrant parts. <br /> <br /> These exhibitions are excluded from the whole cast, from a very small character to two leads, there is not a bad performance. Regardless of the accents, but it shows that shows you are really compelling by Bicco, forgiven by Dangel Washington in one of the more checked shows, and Kevin Klein shows that he is good. And both men's chemistry is believable and never hitting a false note. Pennelope Wilton Donald's wife is lovely as silver, and she is a great actress anyway. Out of support demonstrations, and there are some prejudices, both stand out. One is Timothy West, who portrayed Captain Devt. Another unexpected John Thaww, in a striking chilling comic-like role as Kruger. Lord Richard Attenborough directed and directed and constantly as sensitive. <br /> <br /> In total, really amazing picture. Prestigious and long lasting, but not compelling, powerful and intrusive. Exact winner from Lord Richard Attenborough, and highly appreciated valuable. 10/10 Bethany Cox
