CRY FREEDOM is an excellent primer for those who simply want an overview of the cruelty of apartheid in just a few hours. Noted director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is certainly not a new artist, Mr. and Mrs. Woods' collaboration, the main white characters in their book and the CRY FREEDOM in the movie, will have more authenticity. The release video now runs 2 and a half hours after adding 23 minutes additional footage to make TV minists in two parts after the movie's initial theatrical release. The added length can be used to improve the film's forgive errors: improper character development and exclusive side effects can be strongly worked on another fault (persistence on the function of white characters than Africans). I see CRYING FREEDOM as a politically and historically academic film (on its artistic merit), the story is very good for black Africans, and the younger generation has to look for a full effect now. It is whites who are whites, the target audience of the movie and the book is always driving to change them. Twelve years after the film's production, CRY FREEDOM is a very interesting film watching in many ways. The position of the black majority is at least theoretically after almost ten years, by the ideals of CRY FREEDOM of 1987 and not the big truth. Hence, it is still urgent for young South Africans, particularly those who watch these activities, to young people who realize movie messages. అమెరికన్ బానిసత్వం మరియు జ్యూయిష్ హోలోకాస్ట్ యొక్క ఎక్స్పోజర్ పూర్తిగా విరుద్ధంగా, దక్షిణాఫ్రికా యొక్క పోరాటాలు కేవలం రెండు లేదా మూడు కథలు మాత్రమే చెప్పబడ్డాయి: CRY FREEDOM, CRY BELOVED COUNTRY (ఓకే, మీరు రీమేక్ చేస్తే రెండుసార్లు కౌంట్ చేయండి), మరియు SARAFINA ( నేను ఒకదాన్ని కోల్పోయాను?). Three dramas have also worsened both American and British actors in white and black characters. South African actor did not play a major role, white, color, Indian or black!). Yes I miss another international South African play, Mandela and Deckarke. బ్లాక్ మెజారిటీ పాలన ఏర్పడిన తర్వాత కూడా ఇది (కూడా బాగా సిఫార్సు చేయబడినది) బయోపిక్ విడుదల చేయబడినప్పటికీ, మండేలా బ్లాక్ అమెరికన్ (సిడ్నీ పోయిటియర్, అసలు SA- నేపథ్య CRY దెబ్బతిన్న COUNTRY లో కూడా నటించారు), మరియు ఆఫ్రికన్ డేర్ డెక్కర్క్ చాలా బ్రిటీష్ మైఖేల్ కెయిన్ (బాల్డ్), ఒక మంచి Performance, you can say that the essence of African Rood is seriously anti-British Chu. While local SABC TV and African films deal with their own heritage, CRY FREEDOM is about as authentic as you get. Whites (especially aphrikanjanars) animated film, South Africa is no notice (but common) to the visitor in 1999, CRY FREEDOM during prastavincakudadu in 1977, blacks in general, poor. Looking at the memorable CRY FREEDOM, the reconciliation is done on everything, and it is. But CRY FREEDOM did not really change the minds of many people and the goal of Black Africans for Freedom and Reconciliation is still ongoing. If you have an experience with the situation, CRY FREEDOM, your best introduction.
