In some ways, the anger of Crimea overcame Siegfried's death, but it also loses the greatness of the film. The plot is much closer than the first one, it's pretty awesome. The second half of the original verse is very sloppier and walk through, very difficult, until you get to the climactic war scenes; The Iliad is only good. Long and Harbau Hans decorated. The poet-compiler of NiblungGenleed does not know his right ball a honey, as a result they are more or less like Burgundians in customs. For example, Eatzel as a classmate (trying to persuade her to try to marry her with the main concern of Carryhill), although the poet is explicitly explained, when she arrives in Holland, her first thing goes to Mass. Here the hans are very hot; They are almost like cave man. Their description is a delightful, especially Verbal, Jester, with two amazing scenes. Etzel's character was given more weight. He is more powerful. What he is doing causes his duty in the original poem. Long and Harbau have skill in the construction of suspense, particularly in the dinner scene, with the second performance of Verbal's brilliant influence. However, the nature of this poem of the poem, the excellent technological achievements in the film are missing, most of all, except for a dazzling sequence that breaks into the Etel's Hall Niblings. I have a question that changes the end of the harbor. Spoilers: In the poem after being captured by Heidbrand Hagen and Gunther, they were imprisoned. Carmelhild visits Hagen in his cell and asks him to reveal where he hid the group. He refuses and she punishes her brother. When Hagen still refuses, she will punish him. Hildebrand (or Dietrich) was very unhappy to assassinate a great warrior whom she called her "devilwoman". He is very weak in the poem here, Etzel says something very foolish: "Abba!" I can understand why the Hildrbrand brought them from the castle so that they could continue the unity of time and place. The film will make the film more reputable to maintain two death jails. I also understand why Hildebrand killed Kerry Hilde: his character is here; His name is mentioned only once. But, Kriemhild has to kill himself, Ireland has to adapt to Brynhild's death from the roots, challenging them and instead of eating habits. The main purpose of the poem is that the Kremlin's anger can lead to pure evil to go far beyond it. Here, she just dies for her lost love. It's not interesting.
