There is a bliss of happiness and an awesome hilarious human story opening of animosity and disbelief around a beetle wedding, Russian animation pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz's "Mast kinematograficheskogo operators" ("Revenge of the Cameraman", or "Cameraman's Revenge of a Kinematograph") Brink without effective stop-motion craftsmanship and tremendous shortage. <br /> And Mrs. Beetle is a completely unwelcome marriage, and two years for more enthusiasm in their lives. The beautiful exotic dancer can only be satisfied at the "gay Dragonfly" night club where Mr Beetle's wishes take "business trip" to the city. She is the only person who understands. A fellow fan of this dancer, an aggressive grapesman, belies Mr. Beatle for kidnapping his lady and also as a film cameraman because he has this task. <br /> Meanwhile, Ms. Beetle earned a friend to make her life enthusiastic. . He is an artist, and he brings a drawing to her before settling on bed for some intimacy. At the time, however, Mr. Beetle returned home and witnessed the full scene. Mr. Beetle climbs up the bushes, the artist friend Chimney through the front door, but Mr Beetle does not escape without his anger and frustration venting first. <br /> There is a certain satire "Mr. Beetle is very generous, he forgives his wife and takes her to a movie." He was generous to forgive her, and yet she betrayed her equally well in a few minutes. However, at this time, however, we have not forgotten the jealous movie cameraman who has attempted to revenge yet, which is not surprising when he turns projectionist to Mr. and Mrs. Beetle. Suddenly intermittently intertwining a picture of Mr Beetle's reluctance, the angry wife hits him to the head and sinks through the theater screen to find a frightening and angry husband. <Br / Mr. and Mrs. Beetle were both in the final scene, praised by everyone else, and Mr Beetle was working in jail when his final revenge was taken. તેમ છતાં, ખરેખર, "Will the Beatles' home life be less exciting in the future?" The film is the story of comings and goings of a small insect species, but Starrakez is more communicating than that. Is not this a story about the Beatles ?? This is a story about us. And it's definitely accurate, is not it ?!
