<br /> <br /> Madhur Bhandarkar has ordered the movie to be revealed to the rich and dignified lifestyle, but today it is commented on the integrity of journalism. <br /> <br /> Celebrity party endlessly, they want to see at these parties, and to get due disclosure in the media. In fact, we believe that the exposure of these exposure to the makhes from the film and the newspapers. IMO is more closely between celebrities and media and it's "I want you, you need me" relationship. However, media needs celebrities and this is not a vice versa. At any time, continuous parties are thrown in the area of ​​social column (newspaper 3) reporter Konkana Sen Sharma. She was shown as a leading producer, and has become very popular in social gatherings. She is a good friend and struggling model Rohit (Bikram Saluja) for homosexual Abhijeet. Her rooms with an air hostess ?? Sasi Perl (Sandhya Moril), and the struggling actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). Newspaper editor Boman Irani and fire crime crime reporter Atul Kulkarni. The film is almost entirely different from the plot and has characters but works somewhat. Rich was shown that the core was decomposed to the core, the image was shown to be sleazy with a biz bed scene, exploitation of power, hunger for media exposure. This is a homophobic encounter that is not too much with homosexuality, story or plot, the use of prevalent drug use, pedophilia, police "encounter". A super-rich husband, a bride's daughter who sinks in a sexual encounter in a car, and a desire to light all the wishes of Pulk for all women who rebelled. Konkan Sen Sharma and Atul Kulkarni have no role In my opinion a pity. But the support cast is more than competent (Boman Irani is very good). This image will save me. Mr. Bhandarkar can he chew or process into the ankle and the film becomes free for all Bash. I want him to focus on one or two dimensions of social side effects and explore them more effectively. He battles the social exploitation and spoils all the spices that he wants to succeed. We have an item number in the model of a Bollywood theme party, Druggad kids dance to a Western beat perfectly dancing. I hope that the next film from Madhur Bhandarkar would be to bridge the same stereotypes in Hindi. This image is a brave (though flawed) attempt, definitely worth a watch.
