Madhur Bhandarkar is one of the films that reveal the social depiction. The film is compelling, but, for all of Bhandarkar's films, it is one-sided and overly pessimistic. This film is about tabloid journalism, gossip, celebrities. The film reveals the lives of socialians whose lifestyle is a catastrophic aggression, weird and frustrating. They are the party, they are nothing but fame, they do their boldly to get the social print of the newspaper, do anything to get the media out of response, funeral parties, they are called "page 3" with huge photographs which are the centerpiece of people's discussion for more money and high reputation . Their attention was dull, vicious and hypocritical. The film industry is shown as a common phenomenon between filmmakers and smokers. Our lovely heroine, a young social columnist, is where the journalist Madhi Sharma is thrown there. These people from Mumbai's elite are dependent on her articles and she is the right person in friendship with these parties if you do not want to tell you in her article. Later, the film's friends are not different from these high-profile people. The film is undoubtedly brave and the issues it deals are interesting. <br /> Music of the movie <br /> This is a tough view for me, the average. Only passable songs are "Kithne Ajeeb" and "Hujur-e-Ala", singing by two melodious queens Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle. Otherwise soundtrack is bad. One of the most horrific songs is "Film Veri Film". This painting is very good. The fact that it becomes more and more of the material becomes much better than the first half, exposing more important issues such as terrorism and child abuse. The name of this movie should be appreciated. It is sad to hear that people will like to ignore such crimes, and the disappointment of the Konkan Sen Sharma is very easy. Her film is astonishing and her performance in the last few scenes is very impressive. Atul Kulkarni's part is too small but he has done justice. Buban Irani is editor of the newspaper editor. Sandhya Mridul is lovable as Madhvi's sassy roommate pearl who is honest enough to admit it gets married to an old man for money. The ending of this film is really good, and after some unexpected strenuous investigation provides some relief. Page 3 is a good picture, which is interesting and can be moved at times, but its interest and its general quality is its superlative, overly aggressive and negative characters are richer and well-known.
