I do not know why many people from low-budget indie movies, but because I was a fan of urban horror, I liked it. There were not many urban horror films, I saw this in the shelf, only one title surpassed my curiosity. So I decided to check it out and I was amazed ... it's not so little, you have done a great deal of good indie and horror story in the low-budget indie horror movie. Is this not a low budget? Yes. Can you say it's a low budget? Yeah ... but once you start taking the movie, you may not be closed in the story. I'm very fond of hip-hop music and the soundtrack is great! I do not know bad reviews for this movie. All I heard was "the worst movie ever". Have these idiots seen every movie there? There are thousands of movies, how can you ever classify as "worst"? "Movie" like "Zombie" might be the worst film I have ever seen, but I can not say that every movie I have ever seen since it was a bad movie. Bottom Line These people who have given bad reviews on this film are probably from the outskirts. Listen, if you do not like minority based, urban movies, ghetto movies, hip hop, why do you watch this movie ??? Do not you like this kind of type? Sure, it's a horror movie but it's not just a horror film but a URBAN horror movie with a multi-cultural based cast. I'm Dawson Creek or O.C. They did not like TVs, they looked at me. Movies like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "Eye Heart Hooks" SUCK me. I'm a guy from New Jersey and these programs and movies suck me. Why? Because I do not relate to them. They do not want to maximize my interest. Only in simple sense. I'm sure I'll never see Garden State 2: Garden Salad, Wedding Crushers 2: Here's the sequel to persecution again and I'm heartbreaking after the first time inhale. Now back to this film, about the Stainy 405's comment, I do not know if this guy smoked or "stupid" by his drunken father before he saw the film, everyone did a great job. Actor Ricky (I forgot his name) did a very good job. I'm a theatrical actor taking my theater in my school and I had to do a drama that shouted and I was not easy to give evidence to actors who had to make an emotional scene and emotional in the scene. It's off. Anyway, I liked the film and never heard of these actors and directors, but now I'll be looking for them, if they read this, get it in the sequel! I got out. Jersey represin '!
