Welcome to Oakland, the boys in DA hood can not stop them when the dead come out to play. This low-budget, direct-to-video production took place during the release of George A. Romero's latest installment of the popular zombie series Diddy Land. The ghetto setting and the hip-hop soundtrack may provide additional attraction to the inner urban spheres. Ricky (Carl Washington) is working at a medical research center, raising her child's brother, Jermain (Brandon Daniels). But young people are fed up with macaroni and cheese treats in their tractor house, rather than spending time with street friends Marco and Kev. There is not much for African-American high-level drop-downs to do this side of the Bay except for deal drugs and inspiration with rival Latino Gang banks. Ricky sells her long-time parent's home and moves to Castro Valley, a more middle class and safe environment. Unfortunately, before this took place, shooting through the shooting driveway Jermain died. Ricky, who suffers a grief, seeks past disappointing adventures. He tells his laboratory assistant Scotty to steal some experimental cell renewable formula tested in mice. When a double dose failed to restore Germin, there is no exception to the call 911. But a fun thing happens on the way to the corpse. The boy was reunimated as sputtering, growling zombie, chews ambulance drivers and instability off into the night, fresh meat revenge and hungry bent. Feeding is more and more victims of hunting, and fighting between living organisms and bloodless dead before departing east at night. Charles Band has seen more of the horror style than cheap filmmakers from Ed Wood, Hersheil Gordon Lewis. But low budgets are not necessarily bad films. Think of Halloween's Row Leroton's Programmers (Cat People, The Leapard Man, Dead Eyel), Roger Corman's Pea, Romero's Night of the Living Dead and John Carpenter's Halloween. The difference between memorable and awful is more than money and ambition. The hood of the Living Dead is more fun than the recent high-priced horror worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Ant has its attractions. Actual inexpensive films actors wear their own clothes between real settings. Tantry houses here have freshly painted walls in neutral matte tones, and in the 50s Douglas Sirk's bourgeois dramas are suppressed as oppressive. The lines are much better than the script. "So what hell are we going to do now?" "Keep your eyes open for any F N 'thing that is common." Ricky and Scott call their owner, who is called a former soldier Romero. "I have a big problem, we should take care of it quickly." "No problem," he closed his phone and grabbed his guns, said merc. Everyone has guns, and those who do not have these days on their cell phones, even when the zombies are struggling? The information will change with the nature of nature. "What happened?" "We're with some crazy parents." "Deja FN 'We're the zombie back to that park ..." Ricky also had to scatter their motion friends, she said, "she did not come out of her hand." Unlike most zombie movies, this provides a motive for a turbulence. Germain fires a gang of fugitive gangs. This represents the future of urban film-making, its own social commentary, the near-guerrilla production of low-budget horror, reflecting real life instead of supernatural clips. If a new movement is anticipated, their name trademarks, Quiroz, can inspire others to tell stories that are derived from personal experience rather than imitating Hollywood production. With their limited resources, José and Eduardo Quiroz made a cheap but technically acceptable feature of the people they knew. Photographer Rocky Robinson has done the job, Eduardo Quirozes is easier than the music carpenter's haunting Halloween theme and the Dark Room Phaia and Hip-Hop songs add others to the atmosphere. The result is guaranteed if it is not exactly happy. They learn their expertise and, unlike Louis and Wood, are never better, they can be seen next.
