The bad reviews on this web site blur the "hood of the Living Dead" for one of the following reasons (or more): 1) low-budget movie with almost acting; 2) It's very bad, it laughs at me 3) This is something I can do. I do not discuss the first issue because you have a lot of objective material on whether you like low budget and independent things. However, I still fail to understand that I'm hiring people like "the hood of the living dead" and they are surprised when they are not sexy and appealing as a romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew McConagay. . For a second point, I really do not see what's wrong and what's wrong. I personally like to laugh, and my movies love me, they're comedies or horror flicks. While in "Hammerhead", this girl entered a pedalelle and the shark man came out to eat her, I just cracked. The director did such a stupid scene and gave me ten seconds of pure entertainment. Honestly, laughing just makes me feel good, it's bad to write many reviews. If you're sad and frightened when watching the movie, "Hood of the Living Dead" and low-budget flicks are not exactly right for you. But please, find them ridiculous and tell us. We already know. The film probably decided to watch the movie first. Whatever it is, it is the third place. "The Blair Witch Project", a boring, plot-less and bad-acting film "Blind Witch Project", was more than a year away from the theaters. In addition, half a million people every day continue to watch YouTube on the "Loneligl 15", which is definitely a beautiful girlfriend, a room and a webcam! You can not talk about more abusive videos that you can see there. Why do not people who are bad acting and current plots do not blame those clips? I think everyone, with affordable technology and some friends, make their own films and share with people who have similar interests think one of the best things of our times. I enjoy a great appreciation for people who spend their weekends with honest and bad (yet refreshing) pieces, such as shopping at mall or playing video games at mall. Put aside your prejudices and get the sound like a smart motion critic by attacking B-movies, and you can be so happy to make the "hood of the Living Dead" to its manufacturers! If you have a taste for refreshing and enjoyable Homemade Horror Movies, I recommend "zombz", "The ghosts of aunt ale", "killer eye", "monster man", "do not look in the basement", "The two horror movie Ever Made "," Redneck Jowers "," Jesus Christ Vampire-Slayer "and" Habit ".
