This low-seeing film is a tired and laid-back giallo. It is away from a few clocks of the genre and receives a loose approach. This is a woman who searches for her missing lover; A psychiatrist suddenly disappeared without obvious reason. Her search leads to a villa that lives by a group of overwhelming people. In the style of real Giovanni, the murder never goes away. <br /> The cast is really cool. We include Aldofo Seli (Thunderball), Alida Valli (Suspiria), Horst Frank (Cat o Nine Tails), and a very small Cybill Dancing (80scream Queen). The main actress was Rosemary Dexter, and when I was not familiar with her, she did a good job of running a picture. <br /> <br /> One of the features I define in the Lawriev is its music. It has a jazz-rock fusion soundtrack for a Giovanni. This score, composed by Roberto Nicolas, is a symbol of Miles Davis, particularly in a Silent Way. It is an excellent soundtrack and really gives a different feel to this film than a gialli. Fusion groove fatigue promotes the atmosphere, and it is harmonious with the sunny and seamless scene. <Ref>. Well, this film comes a little less in this regard. This is not exactly in them but they are low. Early dream murder is probably the best offer and being a memorable burning car sequence. But this is not really a violent film. However, I do not think it should disappoint many fans of the genre. The secret is very compelling and it has enough unusual characters (idiot boy sarro and that unsettlingly inadequate dubbing accent?) And saturated bizarre moments; <br /> <br /> In the lobby the eye plays as a version of Agatha Christie Mystery's Gollow, which has a group of incomplete characters in a villa, with suspicion of murder; We (the most apathetic) murder victim's last bells have a prescription for describing their connections. Although it is not a grade-example to the genre, it is definitely appealing, because it does not take much of the other films of sub-genre. I hope to give a thumbs to Geo enthusiasts and give them one day DVD transfer. It definitely deserves treatment.
