This commentary contains spoilers <br /> <br /> There are some actors who do not know them. The underlying quality is a compound of attraction, fun and swagger. It's really good quality that separates good actors. I have George Clooney and Jack Nicholson. You can see Clooney's subtle touch in his one word monk in Anders Garcia in Ones 11. "Terry." "Danny." You can choose all of the jack shows, such as the five fine pieces in the Diner, A Few Good Men and his Court Room trial scene. These guys have it. You can add Denzel Washington to the list of small and unique actors. If you look at his explosive boundary diatrix in The Siege for his impressive tribute to Malcolm X in the same name of Spyie Lee, you can see that there is no actor working today. I did not say all this to say Fire on the Man was just perfect for Denzel's work, but he was definitely the product of the fraud. <br /> <br /> Washington Cross is a former spy or a CIA agent or Washington who plays one of those secret government operatives. He falls into the bottom of a pretty stone because he has created illusions in the life he led. He was killed and probably left out of work, and made him a hard and bitter man. His friend and perhaps the teacher, played by Christopher Walken, are well-equipped in Mexico by providing bodyguard services for the wealthy. Apparently Kidnapped business in Mexico can pay this poor former S.E.A.L.s and can do well to provide the necessary service. Chrysie needs work and works well for a family that is in some financial trouble. Marc Anthony, like Samuel, is good, Rada Mitchell is central to being unbelievable and unnaturally brilliant, such as his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanninging Pita. I do not know how a child at her age can play her roles, but Pita's description is not an Oscar. The first half of the film depended on the relationship between the pita and the creepy and the weakest actress in the role, the emotional gathering does not come across briefly. But the role of Fanning is not unique. <br /> <br /> The relationship between Peter and Cressy. Together they are perfect and have a real connection between them. Tony Scott is visibly appealing and his eye is not improved for a visual flame. I am interested to see how his next film Domino changes. I'm one of Scott's today's rated directors and with more pictures of the film, his name will surely increase the icon status. </ P> <p> Take a really pita for the creation of the story. There is a definite connection between them and this is because Pita loves his father, because he is not around. He is a philanthropist and has some time to apparently live with his family. Soon, Creasy is taking her swimming contest pita. He read her bedtime stories and named her teddy bear "creepy". It's not a friendship between them, it's a bond, and deep parent's love. <br /> <br /> When the pita is kidnapped and operated for ransom, the film changes the gears and the krises are trying to save her. This is a story that is cut with sharp and matured knife with a knife in the plot. Denzel Tour de Force. As I mentioned earlier, Denzel has shown some of the best performances in films like Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I have never seen him. Because he and the pita can die, he becomes a fireman. He hunts him and casts his brand off brand out. The anger and vulnerability of Diesel is not easily deduced by the hunt of every person responsible for the ubiquity of the pervasive and pita. This alert law is always a step back for all Mexican authorities. <br /> <br /> The paramount view of the film is paramount, that there are some movies for the criminals to give their hypocrisy. I was often disappointed to watch movies to get rid of bad movies. They stir up all kinds of abuse for the whole film and they will take a bullet and die. But this is not in the picture. Author Brian Helgeland is looking here, there is a repentance and it is painful. Here the murders experience the wrath of the Crese and he will suffer the separation. Nothing is clear about justice and his brand. He needs information and someone loses the finger. He is placed in places where bombings and other things are meant for other things. <br /> This is one of the five best films released in 2004. <br /> When it's out on DVD, get my recommendation SE. It is loaded with bonus features with 6 hours documentaries and various commentary tracks. 10/10
