When I see the previews for this movie, I really do not think much of it. It's amazing when you see the preview, and when it comes out, you hear nothing and miss it completely, and your memory is almost one of those movies that are not completely corrected wrong. Man on Fire is one of those movies. I am interested in a rent at a time, and decided to take me home with me, my precious blockbuster in my hand. I've seen such a beautiful picture. It's like the other ... drama and action combined to create something amazingly awesome. Tony Scott's cinematography is very good and unique, unlike another movie. Subtitles can also explain something without listening to genuine voices, and very witty for music setting. I entered the film and headed up for the best buy from home. I have seen so many times now. Denzel Washington (Crescent) makes an excellent job with no reason to live as a former special forces person in this lost mind. Dacota Fanning (pita) keeps him back in life with the endless love from the beginning. They are bonded and good friends, up to her brotherhood, kidnapped as part of La Hermand's brutal gangsters. Kristi (Denzel) tells Danca Fenning's mother, who threatens the killers with the fear that he will die. Creasy really shows the guy he could be here. He used his contacts from Pitta's Kidnapp and Cressy Hospital, where he found a person and started his career. Christopher Walken told the AEF agent that "someone else is working in an art ... he's doing something in his cooking process ... the art of the Crese is the death ... he portrays his masterpiece." He is one of the old partner and friend of Crese Plays a special role. After the success of the brother of La Hermannad, the leader of "The Voice". Crese creates a meeting to trade with her and The Voice's brother Pita. Finally, the CREEZ dies before he dies and breaks his wound, causing heavy blood loss. It's a very hearty and sad end, but it's great. I love this film and I recommend it to anyone looking for a memorable movie. The story is deep, from first to last, nothing in any way or manner is trivial.
