-Kidnapping in Mexico is as simple as giving honeys their phone numbers so you and your children need a good lifeguard to keep safe while you are rich. One couple appoints a slippery bodyguard called Crese to save their adorable kid pitta. At first, their relationship was a Todd Buggy but after a while, Creasy girl eased up and developed a relationship with a father / daughter in both. One day the kid was kidnapped and seriously injured in the creepy process. When he wakes up, he finds that the girl was killed by a ransom negotiation and that Creasy finds the men who are responsible for her death and is taken to the brand of his justice in one of these sets. <Br /> <br /> When you see this film, place a few tailnens, because some of you have to watch. I really like the story that most films are going to take a lot of revenge without the need for a vengeance, but let's see how far they look in the picture. The only problem is the annoying visual style, which makes you hate the film or hate Tony Scott. I'm really sorry for the cinematographer, because in this movie he thinks he is going to shoot an action movie and maybe all the enthusiastic but instead it is difficult to be DP as filmmaker, it looks like the whole movie has demons. Crappy visuals are limited to some action sequences, but I do not mind when we face some problems while spreading through the whole picture. The same annoying style was recently used in "Domino", and this style harmed other great films compared to the film. <br /> <br /> Another person who hurt me on the film is Gregson Williams, who is trying to create music from Harry Jagged films. Some, Williams wrote some good music for the film, but if the film is more stable, the music becomes very well. Instead of being used incorrectly throughout the sound picture and improving the film experience, you feel like you are being punished. Subwoofer is overly frustrated as every 5 seconds or you can hear a sinless low end sound coming out of it. <br /> <br /> In this film, the actress has been a victim of visuals. I do not know why Scott wanted to stimulate Scott Audience. The little fencing still does another great job and the scene at the end of the movie just breaks my heart. The end of the movie is that if someone does not cry anyone they are dead inside. Denzel Washington breaks his rule without doing any action movies with this film and luckily plays a great role for him. The purpose of a person who has lost his life and a tragedy is suddenly not an advantage in his life, but Washington brings some heart and emotions to a flat flat character. I love how to truly witness the emotion and learn how to witness him since the kidnapped kid became a cool instrument of revenge. Radha Mitchell Mark plays Anthony's wife and she has two reasons why she can not hate a movie along with Fanning. J.Lo's husband comes and goes in the picture but he does not really stand out too much. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken both play low roles in the film but they will be influenced. <br /> <br /> One thing that makes me smile is that the filmmakers call Mexico. It's a good city at the end of the movie. You might ask me a little late. Let Tony Scott intentionally hope that his career is going to be destroyed at this stage because a filmmaker will master him and make it better than this.
