"The Muppets Take Manhattan" is quite different from every other Muppet movie made so far. Muppets is not only owned by Disney. As of 2008, the film still belongs to the 20th Century Fox (at the time of the release of CBS Fox), although Disney has the rights of Muppets. <br /> <br /> In fact, since 1979, the original "Muppet Movie" is harder to beat, especially the songs that do not forget more than "Manhattan" from the movie. However, "The Muppet Take Manhattan" has surprisingly realistic scenes than "The Muppet Movie". In the first film, all the Muppets should really go to Hollywood, go to an agent's office, and they immediately give the "Rich & Famous" contract. In this film, the Muppets find that they really work for their own success, and in the entertainment business first, it is more difficult than the first thought. It's an important and frequent message that's being overlooked, a Muppets, small and cloth, provided they are willing to have a disloyal suspension that they do not necessarily live in a spacious location or eat in a row. Above all, their struggle creates a good story after college graduation. Another note: The famous camos in the movie are cool, and they are not surprisingly unable to remove the spotlight from the Muppets. <br /> <br /> "Manhattan" is flat, and I'm sure people do not agree with me, some of the main songs, especially in the end. I was very happy to see the wedding song "He Made Me Make Happy". It sounded more like a song playing funeral. Every time I saw this film, the song is underpinned by me, especially in the movie "Together Again" and ends happily for that matter. "Goodbye" is very sad, but since the Muppets break up and they do not think they are going to see each other again, it is better suited in the movie. <br /> <br /> "Muppets Take Manhattan" is good for the whole movie, and is one of a different drum's beat than one of the other Muppet films after Jim Henson and Richard Hunt's death. Fortunately, the film is also in the same direction. I wanted a movie that ended with a very good song. Plus, Disney has got his hands on the copyright of the film and given it to the proper DVD release. Maybe someday. Let's see.
