At times, reality shows a film effect. There is no problem here. The sets are cheesy, inside and outside. Smog is omnipresent, the product varies smoothly. If there is a bar, the name portrayed in the front window is simply "wine and spirits." The resulting scenes are a clustropophobic set. Not a shot of the city or a fake skyline. This story is only about Dublin's type, Jack the Ripper movies, Seeked, Fog, and Cobblestone Whitechapel. What other way do you need? What kind of bank would the stars have, with the lowest budget, and four week shooting schedule? Acting follows a terrible reputation for everyone. Sometimes, my god, it's positively harassing. After being shot dead outside the Frankie House, Mrs. McPillip's grief. Victor McLoglin, however, provides an overstone performance on the right. The wardrobe filled him in a very small jacket as he seemed to break out of Frankenstein's monster. His movement was a little distant than it was intended. When he burst his hat on his head, he is baptizing himself on the temple. A big, blustering, blubbering baby, he seems to be constantly drunk. He cheated his best friend for gift money, which wants him and him to be American, not a good man in the general sense. However, at a cost of 20 pounds, in the forest, alcoholic nights spend most of the time, because every expensive and heavy gesture is distanced from his dream. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Every move, already overdone, is underlined only by Mickey Mouse music but highlighted glossy yellow. This should not happen - heavenly choir, lovely young mantras, mintstrale boy, gaggling tunes when drinks from the bottle of McLaglen. <br /> How much is this? Date - by no measure, but its not a product of its times. That's why I enjoy it. Yes, at the symbolic time. McLaughlin, a real dummy, raising his head against hanging. Fog. Blind. But what impressed me was how little it was at that time. In 1936, most of us were facing attacks today, many programmers were out of time. If it's low at times, it does not matter. The film is courageous, politically and ethically as well as poetry. (This is a discipline of a courtesan denounced by the squad). A director's goal should not exceed its understanding, or what is the script? But if you look at it now, this story is more disturbing than it was in 2006. John Ford was clearly sympathetic to the Irish rebels. They can kill, but only those that they see. ("He learns much more to live if he goes to tanks? Oh, this is not mine, I think of Ireland.") Irish sentiment and sympathy. The jihadists in the Middle East do not use this logic to justify their acts of violence.
