John Ford is one of the most influential and best-known American filmmakers in film history, his name is usually related to Western style. However, John Ford's best film was not a Western film, although it was a sharp drama set in the Irish fighting for independence in the 1920s: The Informer of 1935. <br /> Times Ireland and Gypsy Nolan finds a poverty and despair on a web - and the walls are closed. Gypso is big but he's not a bright bulb on the tree, warm heart but a little fuse, and really things to think through all the way but he's not a crime or a self-centered pork. Walking in the streets of the city without inhabitant, the most prominent woman in her life, Kaita Madden, was in the streets that appealed her to her own disappointing situation, and the United had to pay 20 lbs. Good luck would have it, his friend Frankie returned to town with a 20 pound price on his head and was desperate to inform the police of Zipo Frankie's whereabouts. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaughlin is depicted by revolutionary McLaughlin for filming the fallen zipo. Nolan and certainly deserves the Best Actor Oscar for this film. His ruthless, stupid, and tender turns provide the characteristic dimension and is the second-most-to-be-played character of Dudley Moore's Arthur Bach drinking the most entertaining film from the 1981 film Arthur. Margot Graham's performance as Katie Maden is awesome, but she and McLaglan are really casting cast. Preston Foster is an IRA The head is particularly unfortunate, primarily not Irish, and JM Carrington borders the film throughout his role, but it is the poor image of the cast that supports this disappointment. <br /> <br /> Often overshadowed by Ford's well-known Western figures such as Searchers or The Man Who Shot Shot Liberty Valence Shot, The Informer is easily one of John Ford's best films - not his best. Oscar nominations and achievements for John Ford Since the onset of a long career, Informer has won four Oscars, including him for Best Director in 1936. The use of shadows and light of Ford and Company is a story especially in the film. Walking through the streets is narrated by the gloomy state of the town and vague accusations of street lights, each shadow reminds his dark deed. The Ford command of this technology is wonderful to see; If 10 years later (so the genre needs to be made) is made of Informer, it is considered one of the finest artifacts of all time, but it does not prevent it from becoming a classic classic film.
