I saw the history of Irish troubles in the 1920s and then saw the sad civil war that surrounded the free state after signing the treaty before watching the film. Eventually, the sudden turn brought tears to my eyes. <br /> Victor McLaughlin is not as big today. In this film, I feel that he is playing himself without his innate talent and brain. For example, challenging scenes to fight with his friend in the group are McLaglan's most close friends to fight with him when he is actually a global boxer in World Zails. John Ford has some responsibility for that area; The IMDb trivia section shows how he tricked McLaglen into getting a really bad hangover for the scene of the trial. The director is also rare in his actors too. Most likely, though, McLoglenen is almost as helpless as his character (the actor is difficult to make confident), and he also plays Geo Neonen with depth and emotion, and only later appeared in his career "The Quiet Man" in McLaglan. I contradict this role as an IRA man specifically and is more clearly controlled performance as "IHA Man Denis Hogan" in the "Hangman House". <br /> <br /> In "The Quiet Man", McLogan is a country with disparity with a local IRA. Viktor McLaughlin is the oldest and oldest of the term, but he is a good actor, and has a wide range of talents and good nuances that can not be imagined by a person on this day. <br /> The Ford, as always, makes a lot of preparation for some part of the film. All the characters are fantastic (although the commandant is largely disadvantaged by the American accent) - Note: the spoilers coming forward! - Zipo once lured a small grass and ordered him to kill him, but he realized that he would not be out of his speech, when we really went to take a small straw and his humanity to run the zipo, especially when they went to the zipper in the Mary's room. <br /> <br /> John Ford is really a gruesome and yet anticipated outcome of the whole story and instead shows us his genius here, taking what is utterly unexpected and yet a very satisfying ending that makes us imagine just not for Zipo and other characters, The poor is not of Ireland.
