Since 1978 it has been an animated film, it's very good - Disney did not do any good in any of the years (and Tolkien worked minimally for Disney anyway). It will get important points for innovative and carefully camera work, cinematic techniques with relative success. The most malignant rotoscoping actually works pretty well, especially the ringwritings and the opening story. However, it is utterly dramatic - like money-saving technique - removes it from the overall effect. <br /> In accordance with the story, it is actually pretty cool. We will miss small bits here and there, including the Old Forest and Tom Bombardle, Gaffer and Sackville-Bags. We narrowed down some of the characters like Elgonde's remodeling Legolas and turning it into the old friend of Argon, but this was a rather clever decision for the film. In the books you have a room to include elves' big world and the vast history of Middle Earth. In the picture, you are traded to let you know the same things for visuals and sound. <br /> <br /> Nominal words are really missing here, although I have little criticism about some changes, I'm generally pretty happy. Often called Aruman, is a decision he made to do more dramatically from Sauron, the so-called name of the same name; It took me a second look before some people that I was not neglected. It is also annoying that Boromir is a bloodiest phase Viking, and awkward from the start. However, Gandalf is excellent, and the rest of the voicework is incredibly amazing. Only John Hurt is not too old to play Aragon; <br /> <br /> In reality, there is a widespread discouragement built into the middle of the story. It is very difficult, a completely tedious work by Rankin & Bass team on the sequel. They were allowed to return to the King after the Hobbit Burchett, which remains a huge mystery; They are more interested in bad songs than the right heroine. With all the flaws, the film's heart is strong and tries hard to achieve almost impossible task. I only hope that the range of upcoming films will be real to her sight ...
