Twenty years before Peter Jackson's fascinating adaptation of Lord of the Rings, this 1978 animated attempt was made by director Ralph Bakshi. A prestigious and reasonably reliable version of the story, which is largely covered by Jackson Trilogy. In fact, here is IMDb (who saw the new version mainly) who are very unhappy with this review ... but if one does have less general meaning, it takes time to consider and the technical opportunities that exist at the time, then they realize that this is a pretty good image. In fact, as soon as I saw this animated film at the beginning of the 80s I immediately asked the Tolkien book and soon became a lifelong fan of these greatly detailed intermediate terrestrial adventures. <br /> <br /> SORON, The Dark Lord of Middle Earth, produces a powerful-powerful ring that gives him. Amazing power. After a great battle at the loss of Sauron, a king named Ring Isildur comes into possession. Instead of destroying it, he will make it impulsive. For centuries the ring goes out of hand, eventually coming into the hobbit of Frodo Baggins, living in a peace-loving community called The Shire. Frodo finds his ring originally from a sorcerer Gandf, known as The One Ring, which was faked by Sauron centuries earlier and its owner once again landed to restore his dark power. Frodo makes a dangerous journey to save the ring with three other hobby colleagues, but they are every step of the seron's ring-vraits, the way the Black Riders are hunted. A group of nine adventurers played a number of activities to guide the ring, which at this time was only "unprepared". Mount Doom, in the country of Mordor. The film ends with Murdor's boundaries with Frodo and his best friend Sam, close to the horror destination. Meanwhile Gandhell ​​and other members of the company are fighting against a huge army of orcs at the legendary castle of Helms Deep. <br /> This version is more than half of the original book. The second installment is planned to be brought to an end, but sadly not done. As it seems suddenly, it will end at least at a brilliant point in the story. This ultimate goal is to experience a bit of disappointment and regret that there are any sequels that follow these animated heroes. Animation is a good variety of local and characters that are interesting. Leonard Rosenman's music is perfectly appropriate with the confusing and epic narrative of the music. Voice-overs are also good, especially John Athurorne and Peter Woodworth as Gal. On the other hand, Michael Stoesles - Voice for Sam - is a campy and goofy, rather than a character. The Lord of the Rings is an exemplary attempt to visualize the inconsistent book on which it is based.
