HG in 1978 Wells spent primarily and his books survived. He is coming to the end of his life and he has encountered his dream gone sour. In the early 20th century, global evolution, natural biology, on one side, and Marxism, on the other side of market market, resulted in a weak success, due to the general standard of the number. The weakness of humanity is the mass and the strongest minority elite. He followed a tough eugenic approach, as he weakened the human race or removed the ones in the other. The only exception is the exception of the Jews who are determined for mixed marriages. Then, in the Caucasian community healthy people, alcoholics, mentally disabled, and all genetically disabled people. This is not Hitler. It is HG Wells and it was not after the First World War. It is more than ten years. And twenty years before the First World War, he published The Time Machine, because of the human "race", due to its own means and the life-threatening cosmological evolution of life, "human species" in the "two" species: the working class becomes an underground working class and the bourgeois Is a passive surface space, in which the surface sophisticated and weaker passive species hunt The leaders of the Scandinavian countries, which have only recently removed some of these statements, will focus on a global government of 2036, which Elections  ు, పార్లమెంటు, నిజంగా ప్రజాస్వామ్య సంస్థ కాదు, మిలిటరీ గెలుపు ద్వారా శాంతి మాత్రమే విధించబడుతుంది, ప్రభుత్వం ఒకే వ్యక్తి లేదా ఆధిపత్యంలో ఉంది చాలామంది ఒక వ్యక్తి మరియు అతని కొందరు కౌన్సిలర్లు. మరియు భవిష్యత్తులో ప్రపంచంలోని అన్ని, ఖచ్చితంగా అన్ని మానవులు కాకాసియన్లు ఉన్నారు. By 2036, mankind could be completely whitewashed. Amazing. Wells has proposed some kind of rebellion, but it is small and nothing leads. The last sentences are captured by the white civilization of the heavens and its stars and planets to capture the entire universe. Frightening. It was produced in 1936. Hitlerism, Fascism, Japanese imperialism or Stalinism did not give a slight slight mention. But there is a need to have that image in a good restored edition because it's HG It's crucial to have a full look of Wells. We are far from the Brave New World of 1984 in the absolute "democratic" social choice or the aboriginal intermediary dictatorship of Animal Farm or Big Brother of the Breivin Workers Dictatorship. This scene is terrible as three others. I want to compare Wells with British science fiction writers in his day. It will be unfair to go beyond that. In the first three decades of the 20th century, intellectuals in England fiercely feared: fears that the future would be in the future, and feared some kind of worse. Dr. Jacques Cowardudy, University Paris Duufine, University Paris 1 Pantyon Sorobon & University Versailles St Quentin Ann Evelynes
