This early sci-fi collective performance by Herbert George Wells with Arthur Bliss music is a powerful piece of filmmaking. Some of the author's writings were derived from Wales, examining human breath as the subject of war between peaceful times. This structure, after the alleles of simple and unusual components, collects clouds of war, allows the script to fight. Two families differ on what happened to cabels and passwords; Take a hopeful view of the "automatic" progress of passworthy civilization; Cabel thinks, is skeptical. Their city is depicting - apparently destroying the battle of London - tanks, war blues, and civilization ending with a spectacular battle. The second part finds people living in ruins as Ralph Richardson, her lovely Margaret Scott, was a city under a "boss" played by Bravura by a swapier, Ralph Richardson, lovely as a concrete-bound dictator type. He is trying to rebuild the old WWI planes so that the nearby hill tribe can be attacked to complete his little empire; A young scientist complains that his work is continually disrupting the demands for flights - etc. - everlasting; Wells comment on the progress of the war and the versus. The survivors are also subject to a plague called "The Writing Sickness". Introduce a modern flying machine, the first segment of the film, Kabul pilot, now part of Wings Over The World, an international scientist's coalition, which ends forever war. The flight is favored with modernist boss and attractive lady with their lady, their attraction is clear; Then the bass sends his plane over them, leaving scientists a huge number of "peace gas" on the ruins of "Ewis Town". Only boss dies, fighting very hard against the calming. The film then shows that mining is dug and a stunning new futuristic city will slowly take on the sharp bars of the towers. In Section Three, he argues against the future Cabellal Forensics on the morality of anthropology. If the moon has the right to send people, the Passion is a miracle; The Cabel champions have the right to man's progress and need to expand his horizons. Passworthy and the daughter of the daughter of the Kabulas, sent astronauts. Theodocopulus, a religiously thoughtful ludit, makes a fiery conversation on a large screen in the city's forum, and attacks the 'space gun' of the earth's gravitational new rocket. The climax of the plot is to successfully clear the space gun; The Decemement and Ending is a speech delivered by Coble, worthy of praise and science, which is universally considered the deepest defense of the mind. "It's all universe - or nothing!" Tells the Cabel password. "Which is it?" As cabel, Raymond Massey will probably give his great screen performance; He is wise, compassionate and reasonable, a true scientist. As rabble-rouser to end science science, Cedric Hardwick is accurate and powerful. Edward Chapman plays the role of Paceal Worthy, acting as a voice of convention and fear. The storyline is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Because of the near-extinction of mankind, the idea of ​​civilization driven by rebuilding scientists is reliable and trustworthy to the viewer. It is a success for Director, William Cameron Menzies, Blues and all the concerns. Listen to the conversation with the people you love; In its constructive limits, this is a contemplative drama of the contemporary man, two possible human futures - the opposite of its progress or its resistance.
