George Lucas I'm armed with this world saga, but I have been blessed with Lucas and the fantastic imagination of 20 years old, but I'm a weapon of young Luke Scowckarcker and brutal Darth Vader. Lucas in a New Hope showed a new way of telling stories as he introduced Plucky Princess Lea, the Rousseh Han Solo and the enthusiastic Luke Skywalker as well as the best villains, the most memorable characters like the evil Darth Vader. In the Empire Strikes Back he went to all of us to add to the special effects story and make no one of the ideas you could do on the screen. He made a film without specific end or start and it went down a treat. <br /> <br /> When Joe's Return and young Luke revolve from finding a frightening truth about his father when the empire Shrinkes endeavors to distribute Raun Hann Solovin to Jabba the Hut in the Back Carbonyn. Wadhar seemed to have won the day. How did we ask the rebels to come back anytime from this blow? In the exciting and glorious chapter of Lukas we put the final climatic battle between Luca and Waders from the brave rescue from the jabba palace of the hub at the edge of our positions. <br /> <br /> The soft-spoken laundo Coliscian has come back to a new battle to end all battles with old friends and friends friendly Chubacaka. Dangerous enemy emerged in the form of Emperor (played by the amazing Ian McDermidid. How he missed in an Oscar.) Luck turned to the dark side as he was betraying Darth Vader. The black eyes with his red eyes, the ghostly white face and the evil laughs he is really terrifying to the story and the undisputed owner of the events he describes. His new and improved Death Star stimulated catastrophe for rebels, but the brave group launched a final assault to end the empire's rule for good. <br /> <br /> Lucas incorporated three different stories simultaneously and decided to continue the action motivated by the audience. Some adorable Ewoks (from the tension of the struggles I see in enthusiasm like Han and Leia and a sort of relief in Death Star) and the stormtroopers Blocked the army of the Imperial Officers. If we take the powerful Imperial Fleet and Risk Life and Limps, we are excited about Lando and other pilots, once to fly to the Dieter Star to destroy it. <br /> <br /> In the past, Darth Vader is going inside. War of emotions and feelings for ROTJ The Wodor Emporer and the Empire and Luke were caught between his confusion with his father's confusion. I never thought I would show a masked emotion, but I can not see the chaos and pain on the face of Elkor in the last scene when it turns on. I have more depth and emotion than a warder who believes in a villain, and may have another machine in particular, and I feel like making him available. He disagrees. Master Apprentice is greater. The victim is like a villain. <br /> <br /> Finally, the Wadhar Final Scene is very sharp and exciting. <br /> What can I say in the end? George Lucas is the master of Saga. Star Wars has not seen yet to see the most compelling and engaging sagas and another saga rival I've seen in a long time. Jedi's Return includes all the necessary materials to provide the ultimate Lucas masterpiece. It's both action, suspense, romance, tragedy, redemption, pleasure all rolled into one and make it both an endearment that memorable characters, amazing special effects and catchy music are proud of its own and a Lucas.
