Okay, my title is lame and this movie sells a little. I'm talking about the movie '94 about Cycle & Ebert and then playing a clip or two. Not a rap conscious persona (though I can recognize Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Eyes, and MC Hammer music), when I started talking about the movie, I was not very interested. However, the S & E team chose their name (using some "shadow" logic and "made" facts), and another scene that visits both the band and their rival team (and, of course, the NWH rival band leader about how a loser Some comes with "information" because he has got good grades in school and because there is the Yearbook Committee). <br /> <br /> After a few years, this issue shows on HBO and I laugh my butt off the bell. Yes, it belongs to a "spinal tap" type ... setting up the documentary clip is essentially the same "tone" and the band follows the same path (I'll call the music now "phenomenon - the shortest band has a good chemistry, famous, very wealthy , Taking place, drugs, some types of death, The truth is that in a spinal pump, you probably catch the band with their little victory in the past but pulls at some points, and in my mind the specific scenes have been reduced to laugh. , This was his dramatic about the backstage food, he would not go to the AMP "ELEVEN" <br /> <br /> In contrast to FOBH, it seems to have "unexpected" humor.You can see some of the others, but each joke is a big setup not. Sometimes, jokes just a bit of flow. Kundif and other actors in the band have a real chemistry. Also, direct references to Vanilla Eyes, Hammer and other satirical-type rappers have worked really well. It hit me to see the movie once to get the main story, and then go back and watch the micro jokes. And songs. "My Peanuts" is better than "Big Bottom" (from the Spinal Top)? I do not know - but they're both damn funny. <br /> <br /> I'm in a while, but do not waste your time and save you in CB4. I saw the first half hour and was frustrated. You can not get bored on FOBH. There are quite a bit of humorous movements, but you can not tell when something good happens. Maybe my favorite scene ... If you know that they share the same girl ... Once in a while, you've got those two pointing guns, and the next thing you know is, manager, photographer, girl, ice cold and taste tastes , And I also were in the room pointing guns at each other with tone def, ahead of the goal Convert <br /> <br /> The NWH managers enjoyed similar luck to the drummers of the special tap (although I do not think there was any blurry). I can not ignore the fact that Kundif has seen "spinel top" before writing this film, although this is obviously a hip-hop's spintal tap. Despite some similarities, humor is different, and the film appears to be a more realistic documentary (perhaps even an actor in this case, "Lamar" from the "Riverside of the Nairs"). In all, this film, in my opinion, is "street credit". Kinda is like NWH.
