Gore-fest director Bryan which integrates the user often shamed his dingy, but the reality is the fact that his films are not bad. Re-Animator sequels are not as great as the original, but it is still valuable to cendutunnanta concern horror sequels. Living Dead 3 is the best of the series back; And the Society is not a world away from a Surrealist horror masterpiece. This thriller is not exactly a masterpiece; But the eagerness of horror is the eye of the eyes, and the plot is always moving in such a spectacular and attractive way. దంతవైద్యుడికి వెళుతున్నంతవరకు, దంత వైద్యుడికి వెళ్ళేంతవరకు దంత వైద్యుడు గురించి భయానక చలనచిత్రం 1996 వరకూ లేదని నేను ఆశ్చర్యపోతున్నాను - ఇది ఆధునిక ప్రపంచంలో ఒక పులి నుండి దూరంగా నడుస్తుంది. Dentistry does not scare me, but surprisingly; I look like a minority. The plot follows the perfectionist dentist Dr. Feinstone. He has a nice house, a successful life and a beautiful wife - everything is good enough for everyone. Nevertheless, his wife's priest was found to have a pool cleaner and his life deteriorated further. And not only his life; <br /> <br /> This film really does make fun of the audience. However, from the central theme, the director should go to the full quota of fears. The fact that he does a good job is that he has summed up the fact that I'm not ostentatious about the dentist going to the dentist - yet a special scene has actually covered my eyes! చిత్రం దైవిక ప్లాట్లు ఆకారంలోకి వెళ్ళే ప్రామాణిక వ్యక్తిని అనుసరిస్తుంది, దంత వైద్యునితో మేము చూస్తున్నదానికంటే చలన చిత్రానికి మరింత ఎక్కువ ప్రభావాన్ని కలిగి ఉన్నాం. ఇది చాలా తరచుగా కాదు ఒక గోరే చిత్రం పదార్ధం స్థాయిలో ఆకట్టుకోవడానికి - మరియు ఈ ఏ అవార్డులు గెలుచుకున్న కాదు, ఎగువ తరగతి లో పేరడీ చక్కగా ప్లాట్లు లోకి కట్టివేయబడి ఉంది. Acting, while the B-class is actually very impressive; Corbin Bernsen is the person who really is on the verge of taking the lead role and convincing the audience. I thank Bryan Yuzna for playing Ken Forn in the film. Dead Star Dawn did not get enough work, and I really love seeing him in the movies. The rest of the cast will not be attracted heavily, but their works are well suited. Overall, Dentist delivers a refreshing change in the nineties slasher films. Suitable for fans of gore horror scenes, and I do not hesitate to recommend this film.
