Dentist is a good thriller. And pretty upset. I agree that the opportunities that we run as a mental dentist are bigger than demons, vampires or zombies running. This is why the film is very scary. In this movie, you may think of your own dentist a few times. He can do such things ... his wife may not cheat on him. The story is all. A respected dentist in LA learns that he is cheating with his wife Pool-Abbey. (It should be a great career in the world, pool boy always takes advantage of housewives when husband is in his work) Since then our dentist Dr. Feinstone is a vengeance. He is no longer focused on his patients and gets a couple of them hurt. Things did not make our dentist easy when he was chased by an annoying tax-controller, a curious policeman and a member of his mysterious staff. At one time, Dr. Feinstone could not take it anymore. Now he is not only his wife, but everyone who comes to him .. The dentist is written and directed by Brian Yuzna and co-authored by Stuart Gordon. You can take it as a recommendation. These 2 people had already given us some great horror movies (and my personal favorites) like Re-Animator, Beyond and the Society. With Dentist, they bring an entertaining and very cool thriller and once again succeed. In fact, the film got the right time. This decade did not bring us a lot of horror movies. I'm writing this story, but this is a good change. Corbin Bensen is great for the dentist engaged by hygiene. I remember him as a comedy or drama actor, but he could definitely perform a psychological role. The rest of the cast will work very well. The woman who plays the Feinstone wife is really attractive. Also, Ken Fore was great to see him acting again. Dead of the Dead of All Time Favorite Movie star plays the role of police in the film. Yuzna 15 years ago even Beyond cast him and I thank him. I do not recommend this movie for everyone (if you have a weak stomach, I would advise you to skip it) but if you look at it, you will enjoy it. You are unhappy ... but that's an additional reason, I think. It's been a while since I really freaked out by seeing a movie. This is a great way to organize in the genre and makes great use of it. The movie was very bad and the film was followed by a completely unnecessary sequel. My humble opinion on the dentist ... 8/10
