When I was a teenager, I remember the movie, I know my best friend all about this film and how she freed her like a kid. Of course I was blood-being gas, I had to go out and find this film. Now I do not know how to put this without losing credibility, I'm just going to say, I really enjoy watching this movie! I'm not stupid, out of the best story and bloody and gruesome, but what I'm looking for and the dentist provides fears, blood, sex, and crazy psychologists. <br /> <br /> I want to play a fun movie today. Alan Feinstein was engaged in order and cleanliness. On his wedding anniversary, he had sex with his wife Brooke and their dirty pool man, Matt. In his dental practice, Feinstein's first patient of the day was young Jodie Sanders, for his first dental appointment. Feinstone Jodi teeth begin to clean. Everything goes smoothly as long as the jar teeth are wheat and rotten. His dental pickers, cutting the jar in the grass. Jodi's mother leaves her crying, bleeding, angry. Fein Ron is the second patient and beauty queen sees April Rein. Alone with April, Phineon is sleeping with nitrous oxide, so she can fill a cavity in one of the moles. When she lost consciousness, Pinestone was expected to be his wife. He kisses her and kills her in a dentist chair, then she begins to choke. April cough starts and half wakes up from the gas. Feinstone is quickly removed from his trance and the buttons quickly suffer from April's rubber. Feinstone decides to finish the opening day and sends his staff and patients home. Later that night, Brook met Feinstein in his practice. He reveals his new Italian opera-backed patient room. He encourages Brookie to try the room's dental chair. When she does, Feinstone binds her to the chair and fills her with nitrous oxide. With the musical movements in the background, he begins to withdraw Brooke's teeth. Feinstone has gone from a deep end and certainly nobody is going to stand in his way of hygiene. <br /> If honestly, silly like this movie sounds, I have been so much fun looking at the dentist. He's the best scene without a doubt that the nasty IRS agent teaches a lesson of hygiene that I'm sure will ever forget. Man, I do not think I've called my teeth too much after seeing the dentist. Yes, I warned you, this film is no way for heart rate, it's very bloody. There are swords, pistols and this stomach tooth therapy to turn your stomach turns. But I really enjoyed this movie, and it's a good lamb of true horror fans to slip into my DVD player, and it's "tooth" LOL! I'm very funny! Um, yeah, I give myself a little credit, just try it. <br /> <br />
