After his wife (Linda Hoffmann) saw her take part in sexual acts with the pool boy, some of the staggered dentist Dr. Feinstone (Corbin Burnsen) had a deep problem with her patients. <br /> <br /> The fun and entertaining horror film from Brian Yuja, from this fun semi-director Brian Yuju is welcome to welcome the pace from simple horror couples that ended in the last nineties. Although the dentist is expected to be a cheesy, entertaining little film, this film ensures that most shock films offer shocks and thrillers to run. The film is quite interesting, as it is a little more painful from the background of the central characters, and the events that take place over a few days are usually very well scripted and well documented. , Even moments when more ridiculous. <br /> <br /> 'Dentist' is not only a bit less like a 1998 sequel from dragging, but occasionally undesirable moves, and usually This film is fine. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen is the character of Dr. Alan Feinstone who is brutal, disturbed and perfect. Bernsen can reliably refer to his lines in relation to sexuality and sexually explicit sexuality (in particular, Sashoshio). While many actors do not suffer, psychologically purely psycho-psycho plays the role of the character of the character that Bernsen really tries to portray, making the film more enjoyable. Dentist 'is a fun, almost humorous, horror film, Bernsen's performance is not considered to be more powerful. Sadly, the rest of the cast (including the pre-fame mark Rufay) failed to perform very good performances, and despite the fact that the film was really bad, strong performances added more credibility to the film. <br /> <dentist 'is not a horror film intended to panic, especially delightful, especially (I guess) for fans of cheesy horror. From the nine ends, the 'scream' (1996) angry american people can find this refreshing change better as I did. A rarely dull and generally well-directed script as well as a somewhat skillful direction is one of the more fun cheesy horrors since the 1990s. On top of this we have to keep the gorehounds happy with some of the most grizly and (on the whole) dental torture are delivered with realistic scenes. From Far from Perfect but Not Very Bad ,? Dentist 'is a picture worth at least once. My rating for dentist '? 6.5 / 10.
