The main thing in this dirty Harry is that the vengeance is the best of a dish. Sandra Locke is very beautiful in this movie. The lock is usually "8", but, in her purse a deadly pistol, "cocked" for the bad guys, she goes all the way up to "10" level. A few years ago, Jennifer Spencer Locke, who was gang-raped along with his younger sister, tried to stop the attack on her life. Her sister, tho, was almost comatose as a result of injury, so memory never got away from her mind. One day, Jennifer sees one of his attackers on Street Street; She bought a gun and drives him to a bar, letting her pick him up, and when they are alone in his Cadillac, love begins and burns him ... once in the brain, once in the brain in this early sequence !! The ad loves this spunky lady. She has received her priorities directly. Plus, Jennifer is a professional artist, putting all of her anger on canvas until now. After her first perpet execution, Jennifer will find interesting Dutab. Insp. Harry Kallahan casts the latest crime scene after body. Then, she visits her sister in a nursing home, insulting some creepy teenage bucks who are hassling women down the street, then arrested in San Paolo, CA "up the coast" where rape event took years ago. She is more bullets in the suitcase and more in her mind, as she comes to the rape of each of our heroines, she raises the rape inside her head. It is not unusual for us to punish or enforce a violent criminal, do not be sad for his own wretched humanity, remembering that we remember CRIME and that he struggled. Once recalls, Steers Jennifer removes the trigger on each of his attackers - once in the brain, in the brain. The film is all right, the scenery of Jennifer's vengeance is good, IL 'hurts some gangstas in the dirty Harry coffee shop, "go ahead, make my day." Later, he threatens step in a punk kid in a puppy elevator (who just like to insult Callahan). He's a dog's ** t step after leaving Clint and leaving a young female government employee saying "I want to have your baby" said. My favorite scene is only 30 minutes into action when the heartbeat at the wedding reception of his granddaughter at Mark Hopkins Hotel was shocking and frightening into a lethal coronary of a murderous mafia owner Threlkis. Michael Grazzao (Pantangeli in the Godfather II) makes a great job as a popfather mafia don, who dies in a very persuasive manner, only in one scene. However, Harry's problems are not yet! Elevator Punk's gang and Thrillis' assistants make every effort to murder Harry in two close-ordered scenes, and many of them die of horrible bad guys. Yup, gun-drama comes off some uninspired screen violence .... The director looking like Clint may be tired that day shooting this movie. But there are only several ways to send a person with bullets. Punk kids are very creatively killed, although they both shoot at death and S.F. Bay. My heart pushes. With a very violent intention to be directed at Insp. As Jennifer Spencer's offense is now known, his heroes sent him to San Polo to get some background in the "22 Carrier Vescotomy Killing", but Harry was one of his most famous speeches- liberals. Love Harry. When local police and civilians were hurt in our head in San Paulo, two murders took place, the same burial, lazy fisherman and equally creepy hardware founder. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They both agree on things like law and order, making guilty pay etc. A hot, romantic scene is coming soon. We're led to believe that. There are plenty of characters in this real-man with Real-Voman Crime play, and we meet the awkward and entertaining Rave Parkins, a Brazus Bull Dick. René made Jenny's rape her "boyfriend" for years before, and she finally got her. San Paolo Police Chief, played by a trusted Eastwood co-star Pat Hingle (Hanging Judge in Hong Hum), is contrary to the cahahan detective work related to 22-calorie vesectomy, a teenage son of a gang of rapists. Like Jennifer's sister, the son of chief Jangin is notorious for being infidel, but a madman. It does not end here. Dike's rape boyfriend, Mick, now takes off from a criminal Kinki-sex jerk, Vegas becuz Reye in Jeffrey, slaughtered a mound, calling him to prevent further death penalty in San Paolo. Mick Ray was sleeping at home, but his time was bad, he was arrested before he could spend more time with Ray, because she was sent to Eternal Lesbows Island by a shot from Jennifer's revolver. Psycho Mick will be bailing with Jennifer Gunning, and finally. Harry gets frustrated by trying these two attempts without killing each other. It turns out to be very good, good rocks and good guy, a beautiful Roberta flak blues song run in the sunset.
