When the film was first released, it was specifically promoted with "Uncle Harry Again" with a particularly unexpected tagline. This pitch is more than what is actually filled in with absolute and complete accuracy. The "Murden Impact" featured three previous Dirty Harry films, all of which were successful-strongly passing, compelling story, strong supporting characters, endless gun play and bone-dry humor. Some of these items only retained but expanded-a dark, bloodiest and most outright right-wing installment of the franchise. <br /> <br /> The plot is somewhat witty: hoodlums, Inspector Callahan is sent to a forced "vacation" by his officers to San Paolo's sleepy coastal town. He was responsible for investigating the background of a recent homicide victim shot in civilizations before being caught by his second shot on his (undoubtedly significant) mourning. At the beginning of the film, the audience learned about the recognition of the killer by Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke), an artist. Ten years ago, fun fun hunt the thugs who met her and her sister. The incident appears in a very confusing flashback, where snippets are repeated before each new murder. Most companies appear with the same M.O, which is clear to Harry, the local police chief and his new love interest (who guess who they are) knows more than they say. To make matters more complicated, one-time victims learn to hunt and start hitting them. <br /> <br /> "Sudden Impact" provides relentless action from beginning to end. Clint Eastwood directed the film and specially sets the sets of scenes in a close climax. Sondra Locke's performance indicates a mixture of cruelty and vulnerability that effectively defines her role. If another actress (not Eastwood of Screen Companion at the time) has brought a more attractive and dramatic weight to the character, it is surprising if Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepard can recall the candidates. Harry's partner Horace, Paul Drake, Albert Popwell and psychopathic ray like Mindic Mc and Andre J. Jay. <br /> <br /> There are some important issues in this movie- some subplots (a gang of hoodlums and duple hoodlums, enmity between a mob vendetta against him) take too much screen time and really bearing anything to the big story. Their unique use increases body counting to improper levels. In the first half of the film he is sometimes dirty Harry and he often shoots people to use the restroom. However, the film moves into the top gear as the movie progresses, and predicts the importance of the cat-and-mouse game of the triangles between Calhoun, Spencer and her former tormentors. The second hour is clearly apparent and there are enough 44 great leaders to satisfy Harry's loyalists, even though the newly-released, first-class, neo-noir-style thriller that takes the new "Sudden Impact" range to a new level. Instead, Eastwood and Warner Bros. clearly wanted to make a film - it was superbly executed, but it featured in eight years of modeling, particularly rejecting intentionally intended audience intelligence. <br /> <br /> This is the highest grossing series at the box office, and it is not difficult to see why. If not, it's big, trigger-happy fun. Even after recurring views, it's preparing your day.
