In Don Siegel's 1971 masterpiece "Dirty Harry", Clint Eastwood played the super-tough, best-of-the-kind, no-sense cine-cop as Inspector Inspector 'Dirty' Harry Callahan. The two sequels began, the first being "Magnum Force", which overwhelmed with the first happiest political misconception that most critics were angry about, but excited the audience. The second sequel, "The Infographics", is again gritherer, and promoted as "the glorious Harry of everyone". This title, indeed, is the fourth film in the series, owned by Clint Eastwood's own "Sudden Impact", which is the most rigorous, most violent, heartfelt, heartfelt and serious in all Harry's paintings. In a small town near San Francisco, the mysterious Sexy Lady (Sondra Locke) refuses to stay alone with her. These men do not know the mysterious beauty of their former rape victim, the desire for bloodthirsty revenge. San Francisco's complicated cop, Inspector Dirty Harry Callahan, once again angrily criticized his superiors, spent his break in this precise little town ... "Sunhine Impact" is on many grounds. The film is very gritty and graphical violent. Harry Callahan is dirty than ever. Not afraid to use his 44. Magnum to stop the trouble, Harry is considered 'pigs' to treat, and retaliatory murders are legitimate in his view that a person will avoid many murders. Clint Eastwood, as always, is in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood starred in Sergio Leone's Dollar Trilogy as "Man With No Name", filming the coolness and evil-identity, and again starring in Dirty Harry's films. "Sudden Impact" gives us the horrific Harry that we have never seen. Eastwood's real-life girlfriend Sondra Locke fits well in the role of vengeful beauty. In 1986, Potte Ping Hing, a small town worker with Eastwood, plays the police chief of the small town in Ted Post's harsh psychology Western "Hong Hum Hai". In the film, Kevin Major Howard (known for his role in Stanley Kubrick's "Full-Matric Jacket") and a patrician criminal played by Ray Perkins (Aduri J. Neenon), is undoubtedly one of the most disgusting and unpleasant female characters in the film. The famous bank robbery starring Albert Popwell "Do You Feel Lucky?" Harry's colleague and friend is also part of the role in the black militant leader in "The Dirty Harry" and "The Informer". Overall, "Sudden Impact" is the most horrific, solemn and most violent of the "Dirty Harry" films (although "The Dead Pool" is not properly matched) and my second favorite after the amazing 1971 Original. A must-see for CULHAN fans, and highly recommended for all lovers of all police thrillers and movie negligence. My rating: 8.5 / 10
