Clint Eastwood again starred as the war-tired detective Harry Kalahan, but also a fourth entry in the Dirty Harry series. 'Sudden Impact', as with other attachments, brings its own unique style and tone, but if it is the original of the dark and sharp movements of the original (and a classic line "go forward, do my day") ?? But there is some belief in its humor can be seen. A bulldog ?? Pittes and Fares are titled Meat Head. Oh yes. But one interesting thing is that this entry is not fully set in San Francisco. <br /> <br> The hero of this story is shot dead by a killer shot dead by a killer. Between the groin and then the eyes. With some of the office officers falling out of trouble and some criminals screaming after his blood. He ordered a holiday, but he falls into a case where he goes to a coastal town San Paulo, where his murder case was carried out in a murder vein (bullet and bull between the eyes). To be honest, I could not crash everything I had owned by Eastwood, but after several recurring views it actually rose to me as the original sequel 'Magnum Force'. This well-assembled plot actually gives another dimension to work on Eastwood (although it is considered to be more sophisticated on the vigilant features that are alarmed at that time), but punctuated by the noise of the sound. It is like experimenting with noir-thriller with character-based features to help emotional bubbling and ultimately moral chassis development. His use of images is permanent, due to its soft weather. Dark tones, brooding lighting ?? The scenery at the end of some Western deterioration of the silhouette figure (Harry's new. 44 autograph handgun) is moving toward a surprising food on fishing jars. It's a wonderful sight that increases fear! Simply mixing the cold hunted dash of cruelty and humor. It seemed to be coming. Large plus conversations with these pictures, can I call the 'Sudden Impact' first-rate, which can offer many booming exchanges and memorable lines? "You're a legend in your own mind". Do you love to hear Harry talking to him in a fun quest before pulling his piece? Is it jarring and serious looking forward to hitting the action when it comes to ?? Flat passages are the only way to go for low and navigable route. After taking a funky kick for a method, as Laos Schafrine composer (after 'The Infurs' 'Jerry Fielding Scoring'), it absorbs those slime hints to score a lexical wind that returns from the back. The camera behind the camera (where he has done a top job with Dirty Harry) and has provided a spectacular scope by creating a spectacular background in some non-sinister tracking scenes, but also the device's twinkling angles within those dramatic moments. <br /> <br /> <br /> If you want to be relieved, "Turn on Harry's quest for justice, even though he has not always accepted me, I did not see the badge, it was a real heart change, and her painful turn was hiding (with her little sister mentally raping), with a glass-filled intensity. When, the result is strategically accurate River Drake is one of the targeted thugs and dirty dirty and big-diving performance Audrey J These people are really an ugly bunch of Saps.The small coastal town chief patrot Pat Hingel is strong, with Bradford Dilman and Adjustable Albert Popwell 1-4 in general, but in different roles). You're in dirty Harry Yes, at the end of his trademark quote marcipogalaru ?? How is the bank robber, "I feel lucky? Well, yes, punk? "
