This last entry in George Lucas's STAR Wars films is often considered to be very weak. However, this is not the absolute value of the series in the series. On the contrary. Sure, it's going to be slowly slow at its ancestors and times, but JEDI's returns still provide much more to ensure admission prices. <br /> <br /> The first third in the film, where Luke and his friends protected Han from Jabba Hut's palace, a classic. Jabba, an abominable blob of bloated meat that speaks in its own language, is a great villain, but also a memorable one. It should be a nightmare to build this giant puppet, much less give it the spark and life we ​​see in the final product. In fact, the sequel is a fun, intelligent use of puppets for various members of the Jabba court, scary, slaving racer and horror saralak pit monster. It grows up to the climax and pulls punches all the time. <br /> <br /> Things are slightly slower around the second act, where he and Leah find that blood is associated with, the endor planet, the house of the Kudaalons and the Ilks. Most of the complaints about JEDI's return I read are concentrated on these furry creatures, something that they disrupt the tone of the saga. Although this moment is probably a bit longer than I am, I totally agree. However, their leader, Wickett (played by Warrick Davis), is a delightful memorable creation, and offers a good contrast to how they handle Imperial forces' technologies with their simple, natural weapons. <br /> When we take the third act, however, the pace reunites again, when we start an attack on the All-New Half-Complete Death Star of the Empire between forces, Laundo and Rebel Forces, and Luke's last showdown, Darth Vader And with emperor. The highlight of the film has subsequent relationships with the Jabba Palace sequence. Mark Hamille once again impresses with his acting chops as Luke Skywalker, and looking at him as a full-fledged Jade Knight makes for an unforgettable appearance. As Darth Vader as James Earl Jones Voice, he is only rival with a laughing emperor, with sculptures played by the most intriguing and frightening evil by Ian McDermid. The tension between the trilogy increases the temptation of this momentum, which is exactly dark and illuminates. <br /> <br /> Star Wars films have always had a number of special effects and the technical work JEDI can easily hold the candle to its ancestors. Space battle fights are always happy, and the fastest bike through the forest is the chase knockout. In fact, it is not surprising that the film has reached a much higher level, as it is made after a new hoop and EMPIRE STRIKES callback. Acting classic STAR WARS price; Hamille, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fischer are all matte and deep in their roles, and Anthony Daniels C-3PO offers more joyful moments. Frank Oz's Yoda appears in only two scenes, but he does most of it. Yes, John Williams also has music. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas reiterated the classical STAR Wars digitally reinterpreted (and restored) Released in "Special Editions", featuring effects and / or shots as well as some enhancements. In three, JEDI's Return has caused a stirring with STAR WARS fans. Perhaps the "Jedi Rocks" musical number in the Jabba Palace, perhaps technically spectacular, disrupts the flow of the film, perhaps the Jarringley Out of Place (if you're not easily ruined). However, we are looking at Triumph Celebrations on the various planets of the galaxy, like the ending montage scenes. This DVD version has more tweaking - we have more montage final scenes (especially Jaber Zar Binks shouting, "Vesa Free!"), And, perhaps, a very controversial change, as Hayden Christensen's anchor of Anakin Skywalker in the finale films. Perhaps because of the fans of the extreme (and unjust) fans he had some somewhat shaky work in EPISODE II: Fans seem to be able to reduce this edition to the Clans attack. However, if you see the STAR Wars saga chronologically (think about it), chances are slightly different. However, fans are an issue raised, so it's best to warn beforehand. While Lucas is good enough to release original versions of these three classic films, he talks about these revamps when he sees "definitive" versions of his classic trilogy and Star Wars films as a full saga (Lucas intended) This makes sense to keep it technically and irrelevant. The original pictures are always engraved in our memoirs, but if these new incarnations give them the opportunity, they are just too fun.
