The film's director / actor Clint Eastwood's "Sudden Impact" is grateful for the "Dirty Harry" series - raw production and intellectual combination. It is mediocre and silly in parts, intelligent and conventional among others, with compelling, gripping progression. Here are many echoes of the first film - Shoot Em Up "Make Me Do" the scene remembers that "you're lucky", one of the villains Scarpio, the first actor to star in an actor <br /> <br /> Harry Callahan is still at high level Still still, still understand, but now he is the first to be Harry's partner In the old and small baddie irigi wearier. His constant contradictions with his bosses are a metaphor for his inner confrontation - respect and respect for justice, the desire to impart pure spirit of justice, both things are not always relevant. This "advantage" is the internal background of the series. The first film replied to a simple question, "What about the rights of the victims?" - (Will they cross the criminals? Vice versa? Depends on it?). The film's answer was controversial, prompting a sequel (most enjoyable "Magnum Force") to draw the line between Harry's brand of justice and the pure, heartfelt diligence. Like Clint's other characters, Dirty Harry, the vengeance, the savior of the savior. However, the film is brought back to the victim, where Jennifer (Sondra Locke plays a role), decides to take revenge for rape, and now she is angry and hunted by the men who are angry with him (and a woman) Without going into play-drama, I will say this - "previous effect" That is reflected in the image, such as stated before - it's actually a little hints and jokes from the series (an example of the confusion about the name of the captain of the last - a deliberately mysterious, I believe). The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is very good - is our rogue cop hero found a soul-mate in this lady vigilante? And is she a vigilant or a victim standing up for herself and her sister's ruined rights? At the end of the film, the poetic hatred of the exchange series between these two, I personally found a lot of movement (fan). The final scene for one scene is the closest impact to the "Dirty Harry" collection legitimate climax, the correct answer to the controversy in the first film. (Do not hit the "The Dead Pool") - this spectacular film is not relatively mildly humorous thriller compared to Harry Calhoun, rather than a film that defines the character). <br /> <br /> In the theaters too - audience in Reagan Era While Harry and his attraction look very appealing, the president is often "go ahead and make my day."
