It's a strange thing to see some scenes work weakly (only when compared to other films in its legacy) and to see a movie that is surprisingly provocative and strong in the 'subtots' or supporting story. Sinen Impact is one of his best time or cloud Eastwood Start / Producer / Director when dealing with his dirty Harry Cheer in the crime / mystery / detective story. The 'line of my day' line, and 'I feel like lucky' get un-like on the first film, which is fun and cool for the first time and the switch around it here, tough as nails during the second end. He tries to fight on his crime, especially into dancing exploitation (inspiration for pulp fiction) and a senior citizen passing in another shamble with sections such as the bus. He said 'take leave', and the last thing in his mind. The whole main storyline is certainly not frustrating from the assessment of the story and lines, which is disappointing. <br /> <br /> Enter the character of Sandra Lock, Jennifer Spencer. Some of them (right) suspicious scenes soon afterward and she and her cowardly sister were brutal, unjust sexual assaults (wrong, totally raped) victims, and revenge, secret, secretive. Her sequences and storytelling are very strong, most serious, eventually going to the hero of the Kahlan (who gets the facts in the same small town as he is murdered), and the film's ultimate form of Eastwood is clearly defined as good vs. Bad (sometimes even unclear, obviously). Eastwood films have been past, more telling about them, in a subtly and experimental style; In the trademark law Schiffrine score is a complete atmosphere of these scenes and others. <br /> <br /> It has almost certainly changed the style of storytelling of Eastwood with an art house Sensibility, which makes the film viewable. <br /> <br /> It is ultimately more predictable (or unexpected) points, and the third act is not until it's simple, but it's not as simple as that ... it's Smith ... Wesson ... and me 'shitie. However, she has a very good performance with Locke (a very fine and impressive than Gauntlet) and an amazing climax in an amusement park. In this way, I agree with Ebert's comment that I am like 'music video' in Eastwood style. I have two simplicity, directness, but the matches with the yeastwood brake form that match any music videos. It's cheesy, which is not the same as the first two 'Harry' pictures, but hey, there could be no worse ways to spend two hours with a 44-hour master.
