After the redefined science fiction and "The Empire Strikes Back" Star Wars "Star Wars" is hard to believe that the third and last film of the trilogy is good in other two ways, but this really makes a nice job. The first episode resolves the cliffhanger of the earlier release of the first part of the film, with an extensive escape plan that continues to be excellent surprise and action of the first two films. Then the film revolves around the rebellion and what's going to happen in the war. There are a number of actions in the scenes built up to the last clash of the rebellion with the Emperor. When the war began, the audience stood up to their seats, and everything that led to it already had audiences, which would be more intense than the other films. The climax is more dense with action than the other part of the trilogy and has a greater share of the rebellion. This is the battle between the Earth (Han Solo, Chebakaca, and Lia), the battle between the war (including Lando), and the new death on Luke and the Emperor, leading to another double battle with Darth Vader. This is really intense, and the possibility of escaping is that the rebellions are constantly losing the war to determine the outcome of the war. I think, Ewoks does not seem too dubious, because they are more of an embarrassment that more than a bit of thought of high-potent stormtroopers, they are more than a virtual threat to the rebels, rather than actually a real threat to stormtroopers, they are fighting luck. Finally there is a twist or two that no one is coming, which may not be as awesome as "Empire Strikes Back", but it's still a very exciting trilogy. With a more sinnister tone of light tone and "Empire Strikes Back" of "A New Hope", this film really finishes them by combining two at this grand end. The special edition for "Return of the Jedi" was nice to change because it was not really original. Fifteen years of technological advances have led to a decline in fifteen years, the rinkor scene is worrying, and the occasionally disappearing tie fighter, but this is not good. The intimidation threat was given to the Sarlaac mouth tentacles and a big fly-trap looking head, which was definitely added to the suspense. In addition, the disco was removed from the palace of Jabba, and replaced the original precedent, replacing the entire galaxy with a huge winner, replacing it with just a small Evock village, the original and really ended the story as a valuable thing. It is difficult to say what is the best of the three films, but as part of the same story, the whole trilogy is a big, best image. A THIRD must have a look at the theater fans.
