In immortality "Dead of the Dead", we are acquainted with a London where there is a thick and high-and-mighty similar meat-eating, compulsory reunion of the corpse versions of their friends and family. At the end of the film, the zombies seem harmless and are suggested to be used as low laborers. "Fido" was a hilariously witty and original "What-Own ...?" With an introduction to "Shawn" set in the 1950s America. <br /> <br /> The movie changed the post-zombie-apocalypse, for change; After the horrors of Zombie Wars, the ZomCon ended with the creation of the company and their patented zombie bands, which laments the bodies as lamb. Every town in the world originates from the wild zone, where the existing zombies and left-overs are once a once-fertile land that is separated from the apocalyptic battles. The whirlwind town of Wilder, your distinctive, ancient 50s surface, is a little different; The whole family of families with social status households is measured. Unfortunately, Robinson's family did not have any zombies, due to their patriarchy, Bill's, reanimated fear of the dead. <br /> <br /> Timmy Robinson and his mother, Helen suffer from the pressures of suburban life, until the day when Helen bought a zombie to impress the neighbors. From a pair of violent bullies, and the two classic "boy and his-dog" clich opponent set up a bond ... a boy and his zombie. Timmy names his "pet" Fido, and Timmy and Helen will soon help him escape the bill to escape the jail. But Fido's pet go on the caller Fritz and the elderly misses Henderson's Robinsons have had their connection sudden wild zombie epidemic and still manage to keep their beloved Fido. <br /> <br /> Its sharp intelligence and satire is a picture of all its actors (such as Carrie-Anne Moss Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly Fido of "The Matrix"), a zom-com for the "Fido" eras. For example, Helen and Fido have both sweet and unconvinced feelings - and the sharp commentary in the suburbia and zombie style of 50, the worst (and the best) <br /> "Fido" is one of the best movies I have ever seen, the best This is one of the films. Best zom-com from a long time, and excellent "Shawn's Shawn".
