As soon as I hear about this film, I know I want to check it out. Well, I heard about it, then I found the trailer. After that, I know that I know when I see it. And I enjoyed it. Would you like to combine zombies with classic televised? No? <br /> <br /> FEDO is a movie rather than anything I've ever seen. Well, of course, it's kind of. It's like a lossy episode and a zombie movie. Though combined, it feels completely new and original. About Fido Timmy's little boy and his new pet Fido. Well this new pet is not a squawking parakeet or some potty trained puppy. It's an animated dead man ... a zombie. A large radiation cloud cooled the ground, leading to all the rising dead, leading to the zombie wars. Rainmeld Giger's chief scientist, ZomCon's chief scientist, says that if you destroy the brain, the zombie will die, so we win the edge and the zombie battle. Due to the temporary radiation, the dead are converted into a zombie. Especially with older people. Zomcom will regain further improvements, especially with the Domestic Caller. The collar stops the zombie's need for human flesh and thus becoming a domestic hazard. But all this is perfect in the zombie utopia, break up the bandages, old people die and .... well I'll let you watch this amazing unique movie <br /> <br /> FIDO is an excellent idea to bring the merit. With all actors and great writing FIDO grows in the comedy / horror genre. There are a lot of funny and original situations that really entertained me. After watching this movie, I feel that the film is much better in black and white. In less than 90 minutes, the image will be too long and move from the scene to a good rate for the scene. It will probably end up being a cult classic, since it's not really a laughing comedy or a laughing movie a laugh. It is a comedy / family / zombie movie drowning in the 1950s vibration. If you think about anything, it's interesting for everything in this movie. If you are still in the fence, swing your leg back and stay there. 8.5 out of 10
