A year or so ago, I was watching TV news when a story about a zombie movie that was filmed in my story. Since then, I have paid attention to this film called Fido. Two weeks ago Fido started playing at my local theater. And, just yesterday, I read our newspaper article Fido has not attracted audiences in its limited release, except our local theater. In fact, all other shows outside Paramount Theater are out here. Including 300 people. Many locals want to see their city on the screen or make themselves a zombie. I can say that there are many images that you can find, even for Fidoni not seen, but for other locals considering it, from school to banned zone. In fact, they look okonagan valley beautifully. There is a beautiful scenery right in a zombie image! However, Fido is also a good film. Yes, despite its flaws, it's best in 20 other movies playing in my local market. Fido is best described as the episode of Loscy, where Cole is replaced by a deceased member. This is a brilliant maze. And by taking advantage of the 1950s, the film goes further and displays a cold-minded mood that leads to McCarthyism. Moreover, it depends on the topic of jarcy romero on the day of the Dead, to ride or train zombies that are first introduced. <br /> <br /> Kyu Rey's mother plays the small town of Carrie-on Mass, a long time for a zombie waitress so that she can be like all the other house wives. However, his father (Dylan Baker) opposed the idea of ​​killing his own 'zombie father'. In the end, the family earns a zombie called 'Fido' (played by Billy Connolly) and adjusts the life after death. Billy Connolly inspired casting. He can only tell Fido's confusion, desire, hatred and loyalty to his eyes, wetting body and gratitude. Connolly can play poor roles than his worst comedy. <br /> <br /> Fido is following the footsteps of other recent zomcoms, such as Shaun of the Dead and Zombie Honeymoon. With Bruce Campbell and Misty Munde being the most admired of Eli Roth and Jai, I love the gore on my horror. However, I understand the critique of horrific fans who do not have the 'dead carnage' in Fido. Nevertheless, I'm sure the patient audience will be rewarded with sensual humor. <br /> <br /> The movie breaks down in the third act. In the 1950s, writers disappeared in their pet animals in cute pet, forgetting about the story. However, I've rated Fido 9 from 10, given my appreciation for the horror comic and the neighbors on screen.
