If you like horror movies with blood and gore us, look closely at tunes of jump-threatening moments and wildly surviving scenes, elsewhere. <br /> <br /> If you are worried, if you like blood in the face of the terrible real feel, silence, moody and thoughtful horror you have vendo. <br /> <br /> Miles leave for snow plains for a long weekend vacation from Thomas, his psychologist Kim and their son cities. On the way, George hit a skeleton with his car. The hunters who follow the deer are not surprised when George learns that their hunting is over. In particular, the horrible hunter Ottis personally takes. He follows his vacation home to the family and they see him. He has sex and he spies George and Kim. When he is not in their home, he fires their guns with their guns and finds odd holes in their windows and walls when they come back. When Miles takes Miles to the drugstore in Kim Town, Miles attracts a small sculpture at a show, carved out to represent a man on the head of a male head. A Native American man tells the Wendigo that this is the Wendigo, a soul that has flavor for the meat and always hungry woods. Miles takes him home with him, the last day he chased him with the death of deer. That afternoon, when he and his father go sledding, George was portrayed and watching just as the Miles disappeared through the woods through a creature ... or he just in shock, and imagining the whole thing? Hours later, George moved to the hospital and Miles, still holding his statue, going on fines, dreams, or a visual quest, in which Wendigo returns. This time angry, god eating meat - part piece, part stag and part man - is finally hunting for Otis beyond the edge. <br /> <br /> Wendigo is a beautifully made film, completely silent, and windy through the snow-capped trees. Okay, so the monster is the kind of duplicated looking man, but it's the real feel of motion and fear through every film in the film through every little frame, and silent rural. The performances were great, especially the sweet and intelligent George and Patricia Clarkson made by Jake Webber as his sweet but incomplete wife. They are a happy couple with their share of common problems, and it makes their relationship stronger and their love to each other that makes this film powerful. Watching this movie is often like watching someone's home videos, so realistic shows. <br /> <br /> This film is not for everyone. Many people were completely frustrated by the boring LoveCarkian Beast and the bloody vengeance that never happened. We're not really sure if Wendigo can also be seen through the eyes of a madman, and then in the delicate child's eyes. It is a psychological drama rather than a horror film, but it has enough creepy things to satisfy fans of micro horror.
