The 24-carat musical drama is an outstanding example of cinematic alchemy in the work, mainly for the script (mainly written by Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Shooter Jol Schumacher, who is not Hollywood Hawk) Fragrance entertainment, an infectious painful rot -With-of-the-phaunds tone it happened, and thanks to the great Curtis mephildce scores a brilliant rhythm and blues. <br /> <br /> The story based on extortion in the real life of Supremes is undoubtedly the razor-hypocritical world of ratty, unrewarding ghetto plagues and commercial R & B music, arguably three wealthiest-eyes, poor black young man singers who write rich riches from strict papers Bigger. Instant wealth and clear voices of success - ecos are destructive amok, drugs, corruption, struggling to maintain your integrity, etc. - even if imaginable paraded, Schumacher's abandon the flat, uninspired plan. First-rate acting is very helpful. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Divan Smith are sensational, sexy, enthusiastic and attractive Leads. McKee's Wale, aggressive hound puppeter, and the daily blakeletoid Baddy Tony ("hello up", "Miami Vice" Philip Michael Thomas, Team's patient, gentleman manager, Dorian harewood harlem, "" becktown ") Seductive, smooth handling, rocky cool nasty gangster, tone dungs ​​and ever harsh and intimidating imbalances The extraordinary ability of the human soul to overcome has turned out to be a luminous, stimulating ode, dovetails from melancholy and blithesome to funny and sharp, skipping a beat.An experienced editor Sam Ostern made his debut for the first time in his direction.Bruce Sartis's light streaming cinematography and Gordon Scott Expert edits of the error are flawless  . కాలం వాతావరణం యొక్క ఓస్టెర్న్ యొక్క సంస్థ పట్టు, చిన్న కోసం గొప్ప కన్ను, కానీ చిన్న వివరాలు చెప్పడం, మరియు బిజీగా, పగలని పేస్ తప్పుగా భావన కేవలం ఆకట్టుకున్నాయి. కర్టిస్ మేఫీల్డ్ యొక్క పాపము చేయని సౌండ్ట్రాక్ రచనల గురించి ఎటువంటి మోసగించటం లేదు. "Livin You You Baby", "Your Heart in Look for Your Heart", "" What Can I Do With This Feeling, "" Gwyn Up, "" Liquid Sudoku Love Jones Number "Something Her Fee Feel", then Atha Franklin and N Vogue covers both, the best song in the whole of the film. This is sometimes not a script due to the visibility of the net result of the aforementioned outstanding features, which determines the overall sterling quality of the script.
