Yep, you read right, kids. Michael Bay must study the film before acting on hype, over long, overly nonsense "Transformers" films. "Robot Jokes" is better than both of them and it costs less than the "Transformers" staff, which is a personal trainer for Megan Fox. <br /> <br /> Thankfully, this small robotic gemstone, Empire Pictures' studios of Charles and Albert Band, went bankrupt and developed a culture over the years. In the early video release of the early 90s, I was very happy to see it in the VHS, but some of the Cold War Age politics / stereotypes were already out of date (when the film fell on a shelf on communism?) It's still pretty cool B-movie. They can not really do this anymore, or if they do, they go to bays and ratios that can not afford the CGI subjects. <br /> <br /> For those who do not know, where the robot-scoop: We have been banned in the future, at the height of the "battles", after nuclear oppression. Differences between nations must be mano-a-mano (or machine-o-machine-o), with a delegation from each side battling shogun warrior styling robots in large quantities. Whatever "boat" runs away from his "side" fighting success. Gary Graham (the "Alien Nation" TV series, Detective Sykes would play), "Achilles" in the Marketplace (akee The Good Guys) plays a major role in the history of the great robot joke. Achilles was the top "bad Russian" stereotype from Dolph Lundgren's infamous turn as Evan Drago in "Roccyus!", Psychoanalyst ("Rocky IV") in his previous nine robot battles ("Jack" fights maximum before retirement) and "Confederation" In the last minute Alexander unlawful rules with illegal robot moves The match is called a draw when the bargain is killing the whole group in the bargain, but I want to re-compete to finish the boxing, but Achilles will just bow down, hang his helmet and stay in his life. Twists and turns Before the Robot Titans Clash, I do not think that this film was made for this science fiction. "Robot Jokes" is just plain fun. I will assume that the average B-grade science fiction film is slightly higher-than-expected, and budget restrictions are occasionally themselves Ame is known (in particular, some of the painful scenes of obvious green-screen strategy) of the Empire / Full Moon Pictures good film coming out of the factory. The robot fight sequences are performed using old school stop motion / model techniques, and the sets and costumes do not appear to be half-halved. Empire Pictures and director Stuart ("re-animator") Gordon perfectly shot the stars in the film. Unfortunately it did not pan out for them (or studio), but at least we got a little cool little film without getting out of the deal. Bottom line: If you want to attack at 2+ hours arranged and visually, feel free to rent a "Transformers" image. At the end you have the opportunity to feel like someone spends all the time looking to play a video game. If you want a rock'em, sock'em robot a good time, instead choose Robot Jacks.
