'The Student of Prague' is an early feature-length horror drama, or an "autorefilm" (ie the author's image). The film was a member of several movements movement, which attempted to give honor to Cinemas, or profit making the literature or the theater on the screen. Fortunately, the story of this book is good with moving pictures. <br /> Unfortunately, in this film, Paul Winner has double exposure effects for appearing twice in scenes. Guido Ceber is a special wizard for his day, but he's not very good at setting up or moving a camera. The duplex theme made an interesting analysis of the film by making a film to broaden: Leon Hunt (printed on "Early Cinema: Space, Frame, Narrative"), diagonal composition of the left / right, near / long and front / characters / letters and shots. Regardless, the film has a long standing shots from a more stable location, which is remarkably ancient. Lack of worse editing; Very little scenery is splitting and scenes linger. Atlantis (August Blomme, 1913), 'Twilight of a Woman's Soul' (Yavgenie Bauer, 1913), Atlantis's best episodes, and at the same time are some of the most sophisticated films. Griffith and DW's small pictures. <br /> <br /> The 1926 universal Universal Film terminology allows for a better remake. Furthermore, the remake is occasionally difficult and the cause of Lidoshcha's role as a spectator surrogate. Here, with a clock of obtrusively starring gypsy disappears, seemingly, lurking around. I know their world is silent to me, but I think their lips are moving and their world will not be silent, so how can Liducus be hurt and not on others' shoulders? <br /> <br /> However, it is conceptual in most interesting films. Veser, who appears to have a primary mind behind the film, played a major role and played the title role and co-directed 'The Golem' in 1920 - the supernatural thread of German silent movie <br /> (Note: The first version I viewed was approximately Hour bells (absolutely not full) and in poor condition, sometimes even faces, distributor I'm sitting I saw the DVD ± Alba, 41 minutes, not mentioned above, in print, and low and a lot of the footage are different title cards, but not appeared, repeating the best score has been muted, however.)
