One of the most important artistic movements in cinematic history is German expression, the most meteoric style of filmmaking developed in the 20th century in Berlin. Classic Movies "Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari." (1920) and "Nosferatu, An Symphony des Grouvance" (1922), the most famous live results of this movement, and the movement has a long life, but its immense influence on the film is still unique today, horror style. One of the main designs of the genre is Paul Weiner, director of the 1920s film Paul Der Goem, De Gorem, Die Welt in Die Welt, "in his debut film as a film producer seven years before the classic production, experiments with expressionism in the film. /> <br /> "Der Student von Prague" ("Student of Prague"), Baldwin (Paul Wager), a well-known fencer in Prague One day, her horse saves cute Cowes Marjit (Gretel Berger) from drowning in a lake after her accidentally left her in a lake.Baluyin soon falls in love with her and attempts to see her again, but she is her cousin Graf van Schwarzburg (Lothar Coroner) He wants to marry her, and he wants Balotin to be wealthy, and the same name is moved to the scene by Sceniceller Skapinelli (John Gottotte) Scapinelli offers the infinite wealth of the balladin he finds in his room. <br /> <br /> The story of "Der Student Van Prag" is written by German writer Hans Heinz Evers, Harrar's literature to learn how to skinny the classic legend of Edgar Allan Poe's "William Wilson" and "Faust" Owner and literary work is one of the first writers to be valid as other literary works. In Germany, while the film is still developing as an art form, "Der Steadon von Prague" shows a true willingness to use the movie to tell a completely developed story than a camera trick or scenery. Like many of the script writers of his time, the Evers Screenplay still is influenced by the theater, although "Der Student Van Prague" begins to move away from that style. While its character development (especially on the supporting roles) is a bit lackluster, Eves creates an interesting and complicated role in Baldwin's person. <br /> <br /> "Der Student Von Prag" is the first in Paul Venner's directorial and second film as Stellan Rai's filmmaker, a good idea that these two pioneers are doing the right thing. Two great young filmmakers have created a strong gothic atmosphere, and then a decade of German filmmakers assessing what makes Guido Ciber's cinematography great. He learns a number of ways in his "Golem" series from Wayber Sieber and Rye. Despite the limited resources, Rye and Weber managed to create a visual impact of the scenes (at its time) with a reflection of Baldie (also played by Veser). <br /> <br /> While creating this film, veteran theater actor, Wayneser leads a great deal of talent and tries to get away from the unstable style of previous filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Balloon, Paul Winner is the most influential and perhaps the best in the film. The writer is unable to prove that Wesner is the most successful in his role as a poor student who has lost the role of his writer, but has lost more than a mirror image in his contract. John Gottwat plays a terrible Scapinelli character with a mysterious aura that fits the role of a glove. Some people have been told about Scapinelli in this movie, but Gottat tells us that he is a force to fear. The other main cast is less fortunate, Gret Berger Countess is a fairly good margin and Lothar Coroner made a poor graph von Schwarzenberg. However, Lido Salmonova is very good in her expression and Fritz Weideman has produced a wonderful Baron Waldis-Schwarzenegger, which shows the honor of Larner's character. <br /> <br /> In other countries, those years and its remake (after 13 years after this film) is superior to each other, "Der Student Van Pragh" is not difficult to understand why it is not time test, as well as other early films. The film's main problem is its lowest budget, since the film is much smaller than the Evers story to be fully developed. The plot is sometimes too vague or incomplete if something does not appear in this storyline (it is also possible that the existing print is indeed incomplete). However, "Der Student Van Prag" is a very interesting opening attempt in a complicated story of horror and suspense in the film, making it the most powerful seal in the history of what other filmmakers were doing at that time. <br /> <br /> <p> <p> As a direct ancestor of the German expression movement, "Der Student van Prague" is difficult to refute the enormous significance of the history of German cinema, It can also be seen by its time, but examines the limited resources that have its directory, which is far better from that era than most movies. Beginning with Paul Wenner's career, and with that German expression, "Der Student van Prag" must watch for those who are interested in the film in the film history. 7/10
