1927, and Hollywood has been on the map for a decade in the world as a center of the world. Now it has become a multi-million dollar industry and vertically integrated studio system, some of those in the calm of the filmmaking are taking time for a slight self-reflection. The last command, while its heart is the classic story of the prestigious man in the difficult times, there are frames in the story of how the films are actually recurring and how its production process is compassionate. <br /> <br /> Having taken the center of a person among the most famous immigrants in Hollywood was written by Lagos Bierro. Emil Jennings. Jannings worked primarily in comedy before coming to the states, having a humor's master and a ridiculously well-spent performance, often with fiery official figures or old beans. He introduced his entrance into The Last Command, and originally appears to be one of Jannings's scene-chomping caricatures. Nevertheless, while the story progresses, the actor gets to showcase his scope, delicate strength, serenity of honor and ultimately showcasing the existence of fantastic power and finale. <br /> <br /> He is never disappointingly exaggerating (Germany's acting tradition does not know anything of subtlety), but he has constantly focused our attention on every aspect of his performance. <br /> <br /> Director is an immigrant for some time around Hollywood and there is no background in the European film industry. Although Joseph von Sternberg himself took the distinctive approach to the artistic and imperialist tutonic kino mester (designed by "van") and craft. His performance of the pace and tone in the film is a great example of Russian flashback scenes. We will open with the movement in the direction of moving with carefully constructed chaos, which will look like a camera back to the camera screen and as part of an audience dash. Then, when Jannings arrives, everything settles. The performance of Jannings is very quiet and measured, and his effect is that the order is restored only when the players around him reflect it. <br /> <br /> Sternborg appears to be contrary to violence, and the moments are off the screen, and that means they are almost stream of poetic images. Of course, he really has an interest in all actions interest. In the scene of the criminals, Stern burg takes a farther and more targeted attitude, and his camera eventually leaves the fly-on-the-wall. Compare with the following scenes between Junglees and Evelyn Brenton, which is characteristic of tactical shots and extreme intimacy-setting, Sternberg William Powell seems to be the cold and tough director appearing on the screen, and in fact Powell's portrayal of Sternberg itself With the intention of choice. Unfortunately this strict attitude has not made him an easy man to work with, and he wants to have little shows in his paintings, as he focuses his technical resources on his human resources. Although Jawings is a dramatic, Charles Lofton mode has been featured in classic humming, he says no one is in the comedy of his co-stars. Evelyn Brent is very nice, some of us give us some emotional excitement, but here and there it is playing too much. Powell himself was the only show that came close to Jannings. It's a little odd to watch a person who plays a guy who is exposed to a smoldering emotional intensity on hard-hearted exterior, which makes him a good guy, like a thin man and The Great Ziegfeld, a male ninotchka, but does a good job. <br /> <br /> Any relational example of the filmmaking, such as a relatively example of example, has been easy on some of the last command studio offices. In a very short time, I believe that most Studio Heads are dissatisfied with the "back-ending" perspective, because it is still a surprise to the still-alive film-making at this time. As it turned out, Jane's was the first Academy Award for Best Actor, as well as Best Writing nomination for Lazoj Bryo and (nominated for some of the sources, although this issue is unclear) nomination for Best Picture. At this time the academy was a small company and the first awards were more than hitting the self-remembered by the Hollywood Elite. But Elite or not, when they saw it that they found the good thing, and it was ready to be rewarded.
