Marthaar is a strange picture. Julian is not your typical hero, whose main character, Bryson, is a mesmerizing and unbalanced character. Julian Julian, who faces the end of life crisis. He has now emphasized himself and is desperate to be alone in the murder of 22 years of cold murder. Therefore, after a chance meeting with Barrie with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he loses and stops, and begins to face difficulties. Danny, the philosopher nice guy, deals with certain aspects of his own life and says truth, as well as a friend. Both have an unexpected connection, and Danny mentions Julian's story, even though he has learned the truth about Julian's writing. <br /> <br /> In the metadore movie is not entirely heard, the hero murderer ('Assassins' and 'Grosse Point Blank' come to mind). But Medador is different in many key ways. First of all, killing and gore is indirectly showing no details, that is, if you look at an action movie you're looking for an adrenaline rush, this movie is probably disappointing. Secondly, unlike most anti-hero films, Medadar does not make any effort to show remorse and ransom from the main character. Julian's job is just a 'kind of thing'. This is extraordinary, given that 99.99% think of us killing for terrible money. And yet this is the traditional approach that the film considers to be authentic. Even if we do not like to accept it, we may never have done anything, even after a lot of murders. Julian victims die Who paid for the people killed? No one knows. The film never deals with these questions. Julian and his lame shuffle are real friends. If you can read about someone like Julian in the paper you will have a passing idea that people like him should be ripped out of society like cancer, but you are forced to watch his life drawn by his intense humanity. Sympathy for ghost, I guess. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's take on Julian is very well done and deeply inundated. He does not divorce himself with his good looks and lovely charm, but adds the quirks that interrupt the mix. Strange or crude mentions from mediocre courtesy and suddenly fascinating comments are frustrating for the integrity and acceptance from the happy movie. You can imagine how this affects his hold on his might and affecting those around it. Occasionally and unintentionally, when he touches a wrong note, it is like listening to a working piano player. Danny's other main character in the movies is not nearly meaty. Kinnerey becomes a regular joe with a simple joe life and problems. <br /> <br /> There are no huge shocks or M-Night Shyamalan twists in the film, but I expected the end and it was satisfying. It does not have any profound philosophical or spiritual ideas and yet it is considered a very human. And it did not chase the car or hit the gun battles with any heart and yet I thought the pacing went well and I never felt frustrated. Only here is the human needs to reach the true message and to establish relationships with one another and that needs no moral repercussions. A murderer needs friends, and good people are friends with bad people. It's a good comment we live in a strange, random world. Visibility.
