It is a neglect of the first 3D game, or even the first shoot-me-up, but not classic. It is also one of the first stealth games, only (and definitely the first) really one of the claustrophobic games, and is usually a pretty well-rounded gaming experience. Today with the terrible dates graphics, this game is for you B.J. (I think you're going to try * to name his last name *), an American P.O.W. Caught in an underground bunker. You fight and search for your way through the tunnels to accomplish various goals for six episodes (but it's a lot of them, you have a weapon handing you, rounding you up with the Nazis and you're Nazi leaders). Graphics, as I said earlier, are outdated and very simplistic. The creators' professional team is at least descriptive about any 3D game released. However, if you can get that (and some suggest that this simplicity only adds the effect you have to the game), then you've got a heck of a good shooter / sack game. In this game the keys, health and ammo, the explosion of enemies (a "boss enemy" according to the aforementioned Nazis and chapter) (it will go you further in the game), looking for door unlock and secretive rooms. It is time to take a tester to go to the same level (basically, if you beat the 'timing time', how much you are going to try it so much fun and beat, and how difficult it is to find your way to levels , They also challenged after many play-throughs), how much you collected Nazi gold (treasure) and you killed The bad guys. Basically, if you get any 100% of the above, you get bonuses, which will help you reach the coveted high scores. Playing the game (mostly, but not always) allows you to differentiate different methods ... hidden and gunning or gunning in everything you see. You are able to run or walk, and even among your weapons is a knife ... Runs instantly the moment you enter the same room as the guard, as is to fire a gun. Many guards are standing behind you, that is, you walk behind them, discourage them ... almost silently. In your list, you can get fewer weapons and two keys than four weapons ... then more about weapons. The keys unlock some doors. Most doors in the game are not locked ... only two types of keys are required, and these keys will only enter to the next level (you can restart the levels, restart weapons, health, scores and life in each chapter). The next game is the most sought after. Now, as I mentioned, this game is based on collecting additional games, such as for a long time (in the early 80s and early 90s) ... Personally, I'm totally and utterly superfluous (which is merciless ending ... I feel any time you save and Using life 'reset weapons, health and ammo, a new chapter (which is the real Now I'm not going to beat the bush anymore ... moving the guns! You're the only one with the knife mentioned above (silently but closely close) and a pistol ... nothing special or ammo protecting the next two bad guys Your third weapon is a German SMG ... a sub-machine gun that is faster and more automated, and The enemies of the people using it. And the last ... nothing short of a Gatling gun! Oh! T2 Think. Think Predator. Think about the deception of such large sums into phiyends Nazi gun. Every bit as fun as it sounds. The boss a lot of enemies use this, however, so be prepared. But I will not reveal the identity of this boss enemy ... for each player to find him (or her) self. The sound is amazing ... very crisp and realistic. If you hear the tear of firing a machine gun, deafening metallic clankming of a door shut behind you or surprise or just a warning in a Nazi Germany, you really feel like you are trapped in these dark and depressing bunker systems. The level of design is well-managed ... you countless countless sudden suddenly, leading to the next elevator, you are caught by a claustrophobia mood. I had more motion sickness than almost once (even those with a little sleep, humidity and unusual warmth may have something to do ...) from playing. Although the level of detail is not very bad, what is great. The list of victims' camps, guards and countless Nazi symbols ... continues. The game also has a little bit of gore ... For it's limited graphics engine, John Romero and the staff definitely put all the blood and guts for the game as they are. What to say is left ... first of its kind, and this is no wonder that countless others have moved into 3D shooters. Definitely, the weapon bobbing and did not come around to the next entry of the different height levels (stairs and such) genre ... doom ... and it introduces the feature of your attention swap duke Nukem 3D (so it goes (first earthquake, maybe? Fellow gamers , Help me here) ... but all of those games, to a flag, as well as the rest of the genre, owe their existence. Eyandi, the bunker into the door ... he was the first to appear on the bottom of shoes bijes tericandi and almost fifteen years later, the identity (or especially?) Qualified for the role. I have recommended to all fans of 3D games. 8/10
