One of the film fans said, "Like the very first touch of happiness and guilt, such as the gorgeous young attraction and the poses of fear and the contradictory emotions climax," one of the film fans said, the mistakenly written title of Stylish Director Mitchell Devil's LE, Mount Enrage. </ p> <p> Vincent Kumby in the New York Times, after the premiere of the 1974 film: "Top Love, which started yesterday in the 68th Street Playhouse, a 1973 French comedy, about the growing number of seventeen-fifty English comics and the growth of cynical teenagers? ? The main difference, however, is that the above mentioned love does not belong to the English class system (Gen. The only people, of course, time test has done its work More than 30 years later, we can say that we can hardly see such films like Lemon Mountain Encourt, where the involuntary innocence appears, where sex Conversations are very exciting, where ideas can be overtaken. <br /> <br /> For fans of the Romney Snyder,   చూడవలసినదిగా ఎత్తి చూపడం లేదని తెలుస్తోంది, ఎందుకంటే ఆమె తన యొక్క దాసత్వంలో ఆమె ఒక ప్రత్యేకమైన ప్రదర్శనను (ఆమె తన పాత్రలన్నిటిలో కూడా చేసింది) కెరీర్ (ఆమె ఆకస్మిక మరణానికి 9 సంవత్సరాల ముందు) కానీ ఆమె ఇక్కడ ముఖ్యంగా ఆకర్షణీయంగా ఉంది. It is not an image of TRIO INFERNAL, so to say, from the 'forced fleece' and the saccharine Sissi haunts by Romney's sweet image moves its discouraging manifestation, but the brilliant actress is an image given to a fair play. She played the role of Robert, who became the lust object for her protagonist, Playboy Nicholas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). This is the person who earns financial profits from serious logistics. The film can truly appreciate the romantic and unique romance pictures and she has given some of her best moments. <br /> <br /> The sex appeal of Rome is unforgettable here. <br /> <br /> Another point of view is to implement content that has personal understanding. Imamial, perfect contrast to the director as it may appear: concepts vs pleasures, decaying vs innocence, true lust vs the instrumental affair. Nicola viewers have likable or abhorred features that may appear attractive or frustrating; And yet, the audience has a seriously dealing characteristic, moreover, we all accept ourselves. That's why, a strange, gently, wild, romantic special world of a main character. Although he is sleeping with many women, Nicola has two women representing the contrary worlds such as Robert Grouault (Romei Schneider) and Mary-Paul (Jane Birkin). He describes them, gives them love, and can not keep away from the desire for their bodies and the desire for money; Yet, he realized them differently. However, despite all of this 'mature maturity', he felt like a young child playing a toy doll - a kind of 'mind in mind with detailed insight ...' in a comical way <br /> Finally, very good performances , Which is slightly lower than the LE Mouton Encryption. The above mentioned Romy Shinidar performs an excellent job of providing an outstanding insightful viewer in his role, but young Jane Birkin persuades the young, inexperienced streetwalker Mary Paul, the Jean Louis Trintignant Nicola. The art merit of the shows goes with amazing music through the long-running ringing of Kamel St.-Sons in your ears. Therefore, it is necessary to identify the merits, rather than some drawbacks, such as dyes, slow actions (sometimes), and some viewers (some observers have noticed). <br /> <br /> LE Mouton Enraze, is a vivid manifestation of contradictory manipulating tools in life as a whole. This is a moment in Rome's career, a romance of strong romanticism, love and hatred, appreciation and dislike compared to the first romance and first sense, in the first sense ..., 'Audience, film buffs built on such controversy?
