I can not say much about California, I could not really see the whole thing (it was able to see in the pieces and pieces in the fuse) but it was absolutely amazing what I saw! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt, but I do not agree that all of his earlier films are good. But this role, I am very good at his performance, his character is very simple at first, very cumbersome and dark, but I guess for that kind of hillbilly. And Juliet Lewis's performance I can see how some people feel frustrated, I think it's amazing. Unfortunately, I did not end it, but it's good to read other reviews here, but it's frustrating. I have to admit that I want to forgive David Duchovani (if erroneous if spelling is wrong), but it is okay. His wife's role was improved, and it was not the best in the film, but I thought of her portrayal of Avant-Garde's sister's sister. Particularly the scene that goes to play in the Early and Brian Pool, and Adele and Carrie are together at the same time with them. I saw at least twice that scene and I think acting is amazing to me. Asked about Adele being raped on three people and asked about how she feels about Early and Carrie's reaction. Everything I think about is just so perfect. I mean, because I am in contact with a bit, it's not sure. <br /> <br /> We played a serial killer like Brad Pitt. I thought he was great. Some films with the pit I saw were not just average or worth seeing. I've always seen a terrible pit film or I do not think I'm not for other reasons of his acting. This image is not one of them. He had a great show in California. I am not a bit coincidental to him for his performance, it is not good to see him, I'm not in the film is not exactly beautiful or beautiful! The pit is sometimes dark, brooding and scary scary. Yet he is also happy, funny, nice, and even loving towards Adele. I have a few spots to reach through the TV and want him to get a voice, but it's probably my play (and played the role in the character Pit) but it shows me how good the performance of the pit is in this movie. He has played a role, it is good acting. <br /> I think I can say more, but in the end I can not tell you, I saw all the pictures I found in the fuse, I write this because I am tapping on the DVR and hopefully to write a more full review later. I really wanted to share my thoughts on a movie with something that seems to have gotten something cool and dreamed (which is not!)
