I've seen 'California before' (about 10 years ago) and I'm still impressed. I want to see again and I can tell you that I have not yet lost its power, even though I have used it a lot more when it comes to movies more than ten years ago. The photographer, who wants to go to California for the story of 'California' author Brian Cassler and his girlfriend, Carrie Laughlin. But instead of spending the right on the plain and flying right in the state, they choose to travel by car because they have no rains. He wants to write a book about the most famous serial killers in America and make her matching films. But because they use their car petrol in enormous quantities, they decide to take another couple with them, so they can spread tour expenses. Only one couple answered an attachment, so they are automatically lucky. But they did not yet meet someone else and when the first time saw other couples, they would be surprised when their trip is already started. Earlier, she could confirm that Early Grace and Adele Corners were a trash for a poor white trailer park, not wanting to be ahead. She did not want them in her car, but Brian really takes them with them, decides to stop them and get them done. <br /> <br /> The couple does not seem to be bad at first, but gradually turns into a remote murderer from the gloveless Helbble. <br /> <br /> The story is great, acting out of our four leads. Brad Pitt is amazing as Early Grace. His performance in this film is good. That's the same for Juliet Lewis. She does not want to hear a bad word about her early childhood and innocent girlfriend and makes it really well. But David Ducovany and Michelle Forbes are also surprising. I'm really surprised that they both did a good job and never heard from the movie again from Forbes, because she proved to be really talented. <br /> <br /> This is great. Mental thriller is a very powerful story, but because of graphic violence, I can imagine that it does not taste everybody (although I do not really see another way how to portray a serial killer in a reliable way). Personally I really liked this movie and the violence did not bother me (a part of the story that's so important to leave it out). I gave this film a gift of 8/10.
