In the recent release of the "Grindhouse Experience" box set, the 70 Italian Italian extortion movie features are a gratitude to this vague gem, although I'm honest, even if it is available in Drive on the "Escape from Death Row", and I'm honestly thought of subtitle options (dubbing is really terrible), restored image quality h Rue deserves a completely appropriate and luxurious DVD edition of its original spoken languages ​​with truckloads of exclusive bonus features! Heik, I do not even need the revised image quality and bonus features if the image can only be seen in its original language. "Frank and Crazy Tony Mean" is a very happy fast-paced mafia / crime film with violence, comedy (which is, not always, does not work), feminine beauty and two witty lead characters. Beyoncé is amazing in Tony as a small thief who plays the city's biggest dawn. When real crime boss Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) comes into town, he sees the opportunity to climb the ladder by providing his services. Frankie initially ignored a little Crook, but Frankie's entire criminal empire was against him and a new French criminal conductor who killed Frankie's innocent brother was not eventually formed as a team. Frankie helps Tony escape from prison and will go for Marseille to take Frankie's revenge. This unfortunate neglected crime gem script can be triggered by a funniest mountain road through a chaotic car chase and comedy's light-headed bits. Building on typical Mafia execution lines (score guidance on a stunning Riz Ortolet) is long and original murders are cruel and merciless, why the film is considered to be some of the Grindhouse classics. The lovely and wonderfully whimsical Edwig Phenche's looks in a couple of sad scenes, and then in the background still the film plays a strong female lead role. The men behind the camera, the dazzling cinematography responsibility, Joe D'Amato is less. Great image, highly recommended for Italian exploitation fans, and I hope to see it again soon in its original version.
