As well. I agree. I'm one of those who spent several hours with my amazing television set by watching my favorite DVD player and science fiction series. Star Trek (Next Generation) is my first vacation date, and since then, I have frequently changed partners. The newest state of art space opera: I've seen all, it looks, and in my favorite «Lexx», «Farscape» and the new «Battlestar Galactica», in other words. But, I also have the old fashioned ones, the usual crush on the usual ones, like the four wonderful BBC show «Blakes7». Here, budgets are less than hobbits, special effects are made in Commodore 64, but when the scripts are written with sharp and clever dark humor, <br /> But why do they always speak English in the future? Since it's not the future, it's fantasy for kids. However, sometimes it can cause irritation. I, as a Norwegian, and science fiction for Scandinavian audiences, have always been alarmed by this frightening fact that never made the genre. I never expected this to happen. But it, in fact, once, and even made my own homeland, Norway. <br /> <br /> I am two years old when my national public service channel Fernarsonstraat (TV Theater section) is the product of the three episode versions of BlindPassassager (The Stoveway). To this day, the show has only been demonstrated in Norway, and I'm not surprised by what actually makes me feel impossible. It was also made in Swedish, Danish and Finland televisions, a long time ago. There was no video or DVD release, it was not surprising, and when it was featured on an art house cinema, it happened in Bergen, a city far from Oslo (where I live). And then there is another fact about «Blindpassasjer», which surprised me, that two Norwegian writers Tor Tøge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd) wrote. The duo primarily introduced the SCII style to the Norbians in the seventies; They published the volume and they called the story a story. In my opinion, Bringsværd two writers were the most interesting, and many great and entertaining novels, even the artworks, «Bazaar» and «Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost» wrote some fun, some of them. <br /> When I finally came to see it, it is a strange suede that has recorded three episodes on the VCR, because it is possible to build a script of "Blind Possacier", other than the Guitarist. 80's finally transferred it to the DVD and gave it to me. He is a good bloke. I sat down, with Swedish subtitles, bad sound and some scraps and flaws; <br /> <br /> The currents and planets of the planets are much better than those of Blakes 7 and Credit Coprono Studios has produced the famous Fluxiphili Grand Prix) and the interior structure of Marco Polo (Spaceship) works better than I expected. This acting is generally theatrical, but it works better when playing Ebsez, which is a little bit, and as Torninland, Bjorn Flber steadily takes up his role. The legendary actress Honey Monone offers her style in a tight and fried back tone, but it's a collective drama, and I'm happy that Ola B. Johannesen has his mustache in the upper hand, and Marit Østbye <br /> <br /> Is this really good? Well, a rather sudden end, pretentious criticism of «modern society», but yes, it really is really really exciting, but really beautiful, cool, nostalgic and fun not swallow. The classic Norwegian sculpture is a one and a half hour.
