Pixar has a huge success over the years with the full length CGI animated films they have made. "A Bug's Life" is the second of all the bunch features they've made so far, the company's feature-length debut, predecessor film length CGI film, "Toy Story". I recall when this subsequent campaign was heavily advertised when I was released in the late 1990s, but I never saw it until November 2006. I saw that twice a month and three years later, I had the third time. It never impresses me any other Pixar movie I have ever seen, but three views later, I think it's better than some of the films I've seen from DreamWorks animation. Ant Island of the colony of the ant. These ants come every year and have to take food for a gang of grasshoppers who have taken it. In this colony, a member of the colony is a fraudulent frail that he is struggling with his discoveries. One year, when the colony was just finished preparing for an annual submission, Flick accidentally dropped into a stream before the grasshoppers came out of it! The dazzling leader, Hopper, decides to give them a second chance to collect food and prepare for the end of the season, but they must double their dedication! Flick indicates the royal council of the colony that he is going and find "war bugs" to defeat grasshoppers when they return. Princess Ata, the future Queen, allows him to go to the show, so he does not face trouble while trying to extract food for another problem. Inventor finds a group of bugs that he feels as warriors, but he takes them to Aunt Island and, after introduction, realizes that they are not actually warriors, but the circus faults! <br /> The main reason why this second Pixar feature has never shocked me that there might be chars. For me, none of them really really stand up to as long as they are, and usually looks a bit bland. Fortunately, though, it is not "shark tale", very idiotic and unlikable movie with the main character. "Bugs Life" has a preferred enough lead role, which can route viewers. These stories seem to be sporadic for a while, but most of the time, the film is good enough to keep at least moderately entertaining, and sometimes some good suspense, especially later. Some other aspects of this film are humorous, which have not been, but there are definitely funny moments, some of them Francis, sometimes involving a male ladybug mistaken for a woman. You always expect great animation from Pixar, and animation is no exception in this particular effort. The film is pictured, which is disappointing when it comes to Pixar standards, but it is a long family fun.
