(In response to a movie reviewer who actually said that Bugs Life was very fast - he was "messy and tired" through visuals and seemed to completely ignore the story). First, I was 26 years old and got a job , Go to school and have a fiancé. So I'm really good at nuts and it's hiding it ... but I do not come from a bug's life exhausted or dazed, I also appreciate the artworks and humor not wonderful spectacles until I saw the second time I really start - because I was the first time I went to watch this movie , I was in the story and I chan in the letters that each was supposed to be sitting on being "wowed" there T got the frame visually. How can you understand the life of the heck-better-good-intentions from Flook and his road? In fact, I found myself spotting with that little ant (not to mention some of the other bugs) ... and that, by itself, told me more about what a fantastic image this is, than its entire book on its beautiful eye candy. However, it's pretty (every grass, blade, rain every blade ...). In fact, what they can do with technology is amazing (you can read their lips! Try it!). But this film is not just a masterpiece of art and tech, just a dazzling explosion of movement and color. No, a Bugs Life is all that it is and if the story is not stable. But, I'm happy, it's not! Bugs Life is a real heart. Yes, the storyline is as well as visible, but the story and the characters actually have some depth. You should not be off your brain at the theater door because it's a child's picture - kids are smarter than you think! In addition to that, I think Pixar staff shows, in front of their kids, themselves for this ... and in the heart of it in it. The film is moving, touching, funny, witty, and generally immersed. The development of character in such an ensemble cast is amazing, the main amount of role growth, and not just the main character - is rare in animation and generally in movies as well. Each time, each frame has a reason for the storyline to be there, and there are no undesirable shots. Always clear what's going on right on the words, me, them, it's not "dumbing down" and the audience is not stupid, it's not much. If you can see a bugs life and you do not feel anything at all, you can not make a big mistake, you can kill your friends, love fell in love, nobody can hear you thinking, a great idea, you have a great idea backfire, A social misfit that has gotten excited on a new idea, lied you a liar   రైనా అబద్దం, బాధ్యత యొక్క ఒత్తిడి, మీ కోసం మరియు మీ ప్రియమైన వారిని కోసం నిలబడి, ప్రేక్షకులు వ్యతిరేకంగా ఒంటరిగా నిలబడి, ఒక వైఫల్యం భావించాడు, ఒక పెద్ద విజయం భావించాడు, ఇతరుల జీవితాల్లో మీ జీవితం ఒక వైవిధ్యం అవసరం భావించాడు ... బాగా, మీరు పాయింట్ పొందుతారు. Final words: A + rating from me; Please, if you want to see in the theater (pan and scan video will not work for this movie); If you like Toy Story you'll probably love this (know how to do movies with Pixar's heart); If you love it see it many times or you still do not know what you do not have (the amount of detail and the subtle amount here is substantial); And when you're really low, it's going to be a seed, okay?
