We are all friends. Some of us are more than others, but really you are really close to one or two friends, people like you or your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are like this. You can see that from the beginning. They graduated together, they go to parties together and they decide to go to Bangkok when they go to Hawaii. They try to smuggle drugs to the Third World and criticize those letters. The rest of the film is not about survival and despair. This is a strong message about the power of friendship and who it can understand. <br /> <br /> Brockdown Palace is a good movie, it's not wonderful and I talk about some of the issues that I would like to talk about. First of all, I want to say what's good about this film. And the actors for the starters are top-notch, and you can see more than two leads. Dance and Beckinsale are perfect for their characters. Alice is always blazing and looks a little rough around the edges, but she looks more fun than Darlene. But sometimes that fun comes to her in trouble. Darlene has always been a little bit of conservative side and can sometimes get irritated, but if her path was committed instead of Alice it would have served two girls better. Bill Pullman residing in American lawyer in Thailand. The film is well received. Even if the jail does not return to the Shavansak or Natural Born Killers or Paradis, they are in desperate need (but underside) desperation. Directed by Johnathan Kaplan is very good. We look at two girls who are struggling to do it everyday, but you can see that each day has a little more vigor. Brokedown Palace is amazing when it talks about friendship and it shows how they depend on each other to survive. Another thing that I have to comment is the soundtrack for the film. This increases the mood of the move to perfection and congratulates. The song you heard in the trailer is also played in the film and it plays the role of you in the prison when you experience the plight of women. How they feel alone and how desperate they are, and they need to get back the simple things in life. And this will make you look and see how lucky we are in society. It's easy for us to compare with some countries and it's a perfect catalyst for a reflection on this topic. Some music is done by a group called Delirium (I think) but it's Sarah McLaughlin (wrong spelling, but how do you spell her last name?) Lyrics and her voice are beautiful and chasing and adds to it very much. I can not enjoy this film. I can not tell you what I do but you know what I'm doing when you look for it. And I did not really think that those in jail were bad too. This was seen as a minimum security jail, and in other situations where men in a foreign country induced people in such circumstances, jail scenes are always cruel and cruel. <br /> <br /> Overall this is a great movie and it really makes you question the question, "How much do you go for a friend?" This is a tough question and perhaps no one of us can be honestly answered if it does not. Let's hope it never comes down to that.
