James J. Corbett's autobiography "The Roar of the Crowd" is the start of this cheerful and well-remembered fiction biographical biography. Author John H. Sullivan became the world's heavyweight champion at the beginning of the century. The events of the narrative were worst described as Corbett, but a low-level bank teller and no one was surprised when he was considered to be the son of Irish immigrants who are willing and intelligent to win the world of social abuse in boxing and his time. He took several hours of exciting and often entertaining screen-time to prove that his audience was wrong. He is a bank teller when he opens the film, but he invites you to a sports club to do something well. He falls in love with a beautiful and delicate girl, with whom he always fights, where he lives in the house, a fabulous clan of corbets that seem to be struggling with others. When he struggles with the club's best and professional fighter borough, he decides to eventually become famous by fighting. He arranges the road with his friend dealing with the manager and coach, and despite some setbacks, he succeeds in all his battles and attracts attention. Coming home to continue his girl again, he contrasts Boston Strongboy, the powerful John L. Sullivan, who enters the bars, alleges that he can "cry in the world" claims. Some believe that he will fight against Sullivan, but Corbett is called "Gentleman Jim" for his graceful courtesy and patriotic performances, surprising everyone, dancing from a distance and ignoring Sullivan's power of anger. The film's best scene comes when it comes to congratulating Sullivan Corbett. The new winner grows to the moment, which tells a few years before Sullivan and does not show him with appreciation and respect. He attracted her as a result of her two performances, but by the end of the film, when she visits his parents, his manager can tell the world, "The Corbets It's Again". The films have a stable style, both sexy and elegant. The script was written by famous Horace McCoy and Vincent Laurens from the Corbett novel. Sydney Hickoks has done camera cameras, and has periodically decorated by Clarence Steinsen and Ted Smith. Heinz made music and Romney Gowns of Romheim. The film is directed by action film specialist Raul Walsh. Flynn also wished to work with Walsh, but did not pay attention to the other director who worked for Michel Curtis, who worked very often. Amongst the cast, Ward was the band as John L. Sullivan, and his best performances included Alexis Smith, a bit spotty but intelligent and loved by Corbett and Erlle Flynn as a carbot, and since then he has made his favorite character ... Jack Carson is his manager Alan Hale His attractive father, John Loader is a great enemy, Vila M phrauli, Minor Watson, madelain lebyu, Reese Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike majurki along with enjoyable activities. It's hard to say enough about the makers of the film's creation and light entertainment; It's the best of all sports biography films, and one of the best of my standards.
