After my thoughts erupted approximately twenty-seven times, I now have a feeling of conquering this review "Read my Lips", a complex French drama. I wrote five hundred reviews, and I never seemed to miss my words with director Jacques Orchard's subtle and inspiring love story. When I thought of love and hated about this film, and when it was "love", it started a debate in my mind. "Read my Lips" is a play. More precisely, the role of a play that plays social uncertainty with crimes with the stagnation of daily office work. This review is where it begins to separate, which is all of these things ?? But it's too much. As a viewer, you are immediately dragged through the depiction of this brilliant woman named Emmanuel Devas, Carla, whose strength she loses in her office as well as her hard work. Adidrát introduced herself to the world by removing the sound from her without having to wear herself, which was instantly disturbing, not only from the characters in the film, but also for those watching. <br /> <br /> "Wisdom played greatly by Cassell), a sketch -Back hair, mesop-worn lanky man, his jail-released, homeless, jobless job and forced his parole officer to get a job, and how the carla and Paul meet, that moment is the instant, undisturbed attraction, one that we love him He's dark (And here's more fun here) ?? And we think he loves her, but she's dark, and the constant role is creating a reverse tone Who, the audience, who we feel very sympathetic? Paul is sleeping in the office and Carla helps him, Carla's rival co- Loses an agreement with the employee, Paul helps her;   పెదాలను చదివే కార్ల సామర్ధ్యం పాల్ కోసం తయారు-షిఫ్ట్ ఆలోచన కోసం ఉపయోగపడుతుంది. ఈ చీకటి గుహ ద్వారా ప్రకాశిస్తుంది కొన్ని కాంతి యొక్క అవకాశం కోసం వేచి, నిరంతర హెచ్చుతగ్గుల ముందుకు వెనుకకు మీ కుర్చీ లో మీరు ఉంచండి. This will never do. The story does not allow this story to happen, he is constantly introduced to more characters; As one of the other. Is there also the question when our solid foundation with our rock, parole officer goes to his wife ?? The first film that I was angry with was a subaplot for the film, but it was more of a discussion for this film. And yet this is not for our roles, but nothing has happened. Devos' majestic and bold look, she changes her role for Paul; The truth of her beauty was found. Paul, Wild Card, continues to use friendship and abuse for his last-end game. <br /> <br /> Then, according to one, Carla takes a final shape. <br /> <br /> He knows the marvelous actors who are surprised by his characters. Cassell and Devas are able to play all the time and the whole card is still in my chair. The story, perhaps the weakest part of this film, is the first random. Interactive stories appear to be unified at first, but Audyard lets them connect with bit by bit. Again, the whole parole officer's department is tangent, but the final scene has strengthened the burdens of those elements. Did not attempt to sound vague, but it is difficult to explain the complexity (and more completely) story. There's plenty going on, but the pieces are up to you. A favorite scenario is when Carla is trying to get some money. Sound and scene use is good. It was dramatic, and it was like looking at the mystery of your eyes before. <br /> <br /> Overall, though I am at the beginning of this medieval French film, when it ends? I'm mistaken. "Read my Lips" just brings the floor to talks, not just with characters, but conditions. In one scene they hunted for Carla, and in the next step Paul. When a discovery was made by Paula's apartment by Carla, I was very angry. Auditor has brought real emotions to the screen with his characters and development, and what is he not on the platform? Actors were able to carry. I can easily suggest this picture to anyone but make it; This is not a movie. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. <br /> Grade: *****
