If you know, this topic is to make 11 directors around the world 11 minutes, 9 seconds and a short film of a frame. We are here: - Samira Makhalbob (Iran): Can any Afghan refugee children understand the towers of collapse? Well, nothing. A great lesson. - Claude Lelch (France): A weak plot with a great cinematography ... Imagine a deaf woman living by WTC without understanding her dog barks ... just look at it. Yusuf Chahain (Egypt): The Great Oriental Movie Maker is Karuna ... For everyone: a soldier who died ten years ago, for people in Wtc for Palestinian suicide-terrorists. Less tender image towards us. - Danis Tanovic (Bosnia hrzgovia): Good pictures, makes sure to us, sure ... not very good plot. Idrias (Burkina Faso): One of the poorest countries in the world, from the tender and funny story about the five boys who want to catch Osama bin Laden ... they could do that. Where he is. Ken Loach (UK): September 11, 1973, Chile entered the bloody dictatorship in twenty years. Thousands of deaths and tortures: delivered to Chile by Henry Kissinger and the CIA and your feedback is well-known! I guess because I have a unique miniature that the American cinema distribution company has agreed to release us in movie theaters! When WTC was built 1973 also forgot to Luke that year! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarritu (Mexico): We all look very well familiar images, and a lot of black screens. I did not get much of this, it was more of an artist video than a movie (to show in a show). - Amos Git (Israel): A burning car in Jerusalem, police, journalists, etc. Wounded ballet. I did very well. - Mira Nair (India): On September 11th the anti-Islamic concept. Very good real. - Sean Penn (us): A funny little story that reminds us of the fact that the WTC has a huge shadow, and some places now they have a daylight. - Shohi Imamura (Japan): Something else. There is not even a word about WTC here, and the action takes place at the end of WWII. It has only one message: war is not pure. This little film gives very deep feelings, but the director has been able to do more than 11 minutes. --- - - - A great movie, great effort to take global temperature. I loved it.
