Leading film directors from 11 countries have been invited to inform 11 reflections about their reflections on the events of September 11. <br /> <br /> These episodes are widespread in content and quality. Egyptian director Yousuf Chaheen in Chile and US-backed Israel Palestine against Allende, who died on September 11, 1973, shot in British director Ken Loach. Two more devastating acts (a Palestinian suicide bomb in Tel Aviv, the Israeli director Amos Gitan and the Japanese "Holy War" to the west by Shahwi Imamura). In many stories. Shadows, the World Trade towers, disappeared as a telescope in the piece of Sean Penn, a man's moment of joy when he was suddenly slummed into the mournful old man's New York City apartment. But in this bright light he can finally see that his wife has really gone. Based on a genuine incident, the son of a Pakistani family in New York City, in the picture of Mira Nair, the missing young man was originally considered to be a fugitive terrorist, but later he saved others in towers. <br /> <br /> There are sharp moments around the dots throughout. Loach quotes his departed Chilean man named Saint Augustine, who was angry and courageous for the practice: angry things and courage to change them. Imamura tells us that there is no such thing as a holy war. Samira Makhelbabhah, she was expelled from Iran by a very young Afghan student in Iran, trying to tell them about the events in New York. But they were fascinated by a major event in their refugee camp, where two men fell into a deep well, one was killed and another broken leg. The greatest tragedy for this 6 year old is the potential tragedy. Andreas Overeaugo from Burkina Faso produces a drama, which collects his buddies in catching a fugitive terrorist in the village to get Osama bin Laden in their village and $ 25 million a million US prize. Adults tell his friends to let them know their plans, because older people just make money on cars and cigarettes, and plans to help his mother and ill and discouraged others. <br> The Mexican director Alejandro González Inorum (producer of "Amoreres Peros"), which offers the most powerful and chilling division, is the darkest screen occasionally thumbing sounds with audio tape loops with reading and voice. Brief visibility forms allow us to see the dead bodies fallen from the high floors of the towers, and this brings us to the burden of the bodies. The sequence ends with Eliziac's orchestral music and ends with the phrase shown in an Arabic language, then translated: "Does God's light guide us or not see us?" (In different languages ​​with English subtitles) Grade: 8/10 (B +). (Viewed on 10/31/04). If you'd like to read more about my reviews, send a message for directions to my websites.
