It's a completely impressive story of how bad things went wrong. A simple robbery. Take some serious change. Get our economy together and everything will be hunky-dory. But the mother and pop jewelry store? No matter what. Insurance pays for it all. No guns. No one is hurt. <br /> <br /> Brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is older, more successful (it looks) facing very little problems. Heroin addiction, cocaine habit. A wife (Marisa Tommy) can do it well. His flat belly days are gone. Young, sweet, slightly thicker brother Hank (Ethan Hawk) with some of his own Diana problems. <br /> <br /> At the age of 82, Sydney Lumet is liable to pay child support for his daughter, lend to friends and relatives, and gets a 99.99 per cent right, which is hard to do in a thriller. I have seen more thrillers than I can recall, and the director's picture is printed and a picture of plot holes, inconsistencies, cheesy scenes and hurrying in a hurry. Here it makes a thriller of artistic work lights. Every detail is accurate. Acting is amazing. The plot does not have any holes. The story refers to a story about true and unequivocal rings and great filmmakers and human weakness that Bard himself honors. <br /> <br /> Of course Hoffman is amazing. When you do not have the marquee, the presence of man's presence, you have to get through the talent, workmanship and pure concentration. Ethan Hawk, a stranger to the sweet, little guy role, adds a lot of human incompetence to the disappointing layer and all of them, so we do not know whether he is weakening or worse. The father of disobedient sons plays a father role as Albert Finney has a kind of tight sequencing of his age. And Marisa Tommy, who has Segenine's magical qualities to go along with her unique creativity, acts as both Andy's two time wives as harmful and difficult as nails. It is almost a film reviewer's sacred to give five or ten stars to a commercial thriller, but if you study this film, all amateur filmmakers will be better advised, you will find a high-profile (according to many Hollywood producers) Keeping in mind the details of real art - can only make great artists, and Janga can not help. (I have twenty producers, well dozen, check it out.) I can say in summation, Sydney Loomt, the author of fantastic films, and show such loyalty to your art and your art at such a modern age. <br /> Okay, 00.01 percent. Father (Albert Finney) did not say that Andy followed cabs around New York. It's small, and all the breathtaking are very small. Finally there is a wonders why lummets about the fate of Hunk. We guess we guess. Perhaps his fate fell into the cutting room floor. Perhaps Lumet was not satisfied with what was filmed and ran out of time, and he just said, "It does not really matter which left that way." And I think not. What's going to happen to Hank is not good. He is not a man who can run to Mexico and start a new life. He is a kind of man who takes a "light" sentence from 10 to 20 and it is a kind of shrunken man who comes to know it and realizes that he is not really a man when he does not really exist. Watch it for Sydney Lumet for The Panbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpio (1973), Dog Day Afternoon (1975), Network (1976) and many other directors.
