Tarantino once said about a play from the 1930s, known as Backstreet, "The tragedy is like another character". It is also said that not only is Tarantino brought in, but for the best writing of Sidney Lewett for years, the character plays a role in the role of the patron. Kelly Masterson does not have the best artist of the script here (eventually ultimately breaks into a silly killer mode that ultimately only works and eventually has a suspension paramount of disbelief), but her script can tell the role before the plot, and the actions in a story These people b Want to know who's the key. <br /> <br /> Today 90% is a permanent martyr. The role of day-to-day character days, and so much earlier, because the jewelry store exploitation occurs, but the formidable cast (which is, I add, is unique to Lumet). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawk arrive at the next on what appears to be the Brothers with their own financial f *** - ups, and the former a fool - proof haste: in Westchester to loot their own mother and father's jewelry shop. Though Hawks Hank has another shadow character, murders occur and suddenly tragedy on a Greek level that affects a brother and their father, played the perfect Albert Finney. Like Dog Day afternoon, like Dog Day afternoon, the painful human, the fault of the bone, but the only inability to fix love & / or things, and the inability to fulfill their desires. <br /> <br /> Huffman and Hawk are in good standing in this matter; For the past ten minutes, Hoffman is up to the super-calm and occasionally humorous behavior that he reveals as a brain of operation, but he has the ability to break emotionally (ie, with a Finney or a car scene) to the limitation; Hawk is known as losing by his ex-wife and daughter, does not pay any debt and is called a baby by his father and is not, he is not mistaken as his elder brother, but do you want to choose the grass for that title? And as Finney says, the spot-on, the Big Fish look is like a child's play (the final sequences with him are terrible tragedies, the second half of his face <br /> <br /> Even simpler and dirty two times Mrs. Tommy, Bugs Michael Shannon is a bad-donkey white trash, and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Brien and Rosemary Harris will be backing the makers With a story to make each step clear of the lasting down of a family that is not doubles on the details of the stories of stories, it is Serpico or Network or Panbroker or 12 Angry Men If it's not mind-blowing like that it's anything close to Lumet Comes.
