The full title of the film is' You'll be dead, half a hour in heaven ', old Irish drinker said,' You have food and cloth, and a soft pillow on your head; You're dead before you know the devil, that there may be 40 years in heaven. For the first time screenwriter Kelly Maarsson (with a few changes by director Sidney Lumette) provided a drama that explores how the external forces could damage a family when driving members to unpredictable changes. In this movie, the viewer allowed a family to read the entire format, but here, the most delicate manipulation of the previous flashback / flash forwarding technique. By repeatedly providing different bridges of each character about central events that drive this violent story, all motivations of players in this case are very flawed. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy executive officer who marries an emotionally needed Gina (Maurisa Tommy) and accustomed to expensive drugs. His life began to crumble and he needed money. He is divorced from his sincere wife Martha (Amy Ryan), who lives behind the support and child support, and he is from his friends, and he needs money - a life in the ruins of Andy's ne're-good young brother Hank (Ethan Hawke). Andy proposes a low-mall mother and pop key jewelry shop's cheap key exploitation to cash quickly, promising cash quickly. Charles (Albert Finney) and Nannat (Rosemary Harris) - the story of the jewelry of men's parents. Andy's developments make a deal with some cash and Hank to make a real burglary, but Hank accepts the 'fail-safe' plan, but Hank is no escapist. Nanee steals the thief who has filed for the regular clerk and theft is horrific when she is shot in the mess. This disaster revealed many secrets about the family's weak relationships and when the nannet dies, Charles and Andy and Hank (and their partners) end up surprisingly surprising at every turn. <br /> <br /> The cast of this strong and emotionally Ariad film offers all of the spectacular performances of the film, directed by Sydney Lumeet when it comes to hoping from Hoffman, Hawk, Tommy, Finney, Ryan and Harris. It's not an easy image to watch, but a picture that allows some bravura demos to demand our respect, a picture that reminds us how many families are fragile. Grady Harp
