I started looking at a more consistent model of identity in 2007's films. A year of biographies of 2004 and political films of 2005, as of 2007, a wide range of moral fairy tales, imagery, testing, challenging and questioning and human morality and questioning have to do some work. Although this identity is quite extensive, there are a few pictures released this year, for example 3:10 to Yuma, Eastern Promise, American Gangster, No Country for Old Men and others specifically for interrogation and human morals and actions such as violence or betrayal. Devil Nose You Dead You Die Duisely Stylish Natality Tale, and very dark, dark and discouraging. And the fact that it comes from one of the greatest classic directing forces of our time, has been said by many to the legendary Sidney Lumet, his lead but this lanky great crime thriller has returned to full power. <br /> It's too thick in these films, and it's reluctant to disclose those details. It is an image that is best enjoyed if events are about to unravel, as there are twists and turns to enter without any prior knowledge. But thick and solid cut plot is not in the picture; The true vision, as I mentioned, is the story of morality; These two people are intent on walking in action in the film. In a constructive plan, a combination between The Ken Brothers (Blood Simple and Fargo) and the Filmmographies of Quentin Tarantino, two men are in very dark conditions, contradicting with a desperate mistake, full force and indispensable tragedy. And to make it more interesting, the film is said to be a broken chronology, which tracks and shows the series of events following the different alphabet each time and where it will last anywhere. <br /> <br /> Kelly Matterson's screenplay is surprisingly sharp and well rounded, since it is the first screen play. <br /> <br /> The film is more sacred and very discouraged plot. First and foremost, the image looks and feels externally. Sidney Lumet throughout his career, consistently has an interesting style of cinematography and lighting: at the same time intuitive and yet beautiful. The film has its style and class of distinctive air quality, which is excellent with excellent natural lighting. Editing top notch; By combining the drama-thriller that takes great action takes time to actually take action on their action. And add more style to the clear, dynamic camera angles and movements. <br /> The screenplay makes its piece, and of course the lummat plays its role, but the three superb actors who make the film a dramatic center. Good shows. First and foremost, there are two leads. Philly Seymour Hoffmann, who has played a major role in the pack, has always been an outstanding actor, but Deccan made his debut in the Capitol after becoming the most spectacular Oscar winner in the Capote. His turn in this film is lovely: seriously flawed, broken, manic. There are some really serious sequences in the film that allow Hoffman to really get out of his full dramatic fury, and just his subtlety and wit. At Ethan Hawk's side, he has performed some fantastic performances in many of the films, which are always great and overwhelm the great actors. Here, he bounced from Hoffman and made him very well; In all, the two dynamic acting between them is just absolutely fantastic and convincing, the audience loses in the characters very quickly and forgets that it is watching the actors. And then there's Albert Finney. Such a soft, richer supporting role is a tragic childlike father to two brothers who he needs a veteran professional and here is caught up in Finney's crime and offers his outstanding performance in many years. I love how to play dynamics between the three of them. I'm Huffman's apparently elder brother and how innocently his younger brother are now as middle-aged men; However, it is clear how Finny's father helps Hawk's small, weaker brother. Also on the subject of the cast, two supporting characters ?? Brothers Wives ?? <br /> <br /> This film is not revolutionary. <br /> <br /> This film is not revolutionary. These themes and this style are already explored by the likes of the Cone Brothers, and it's easy to guess the film's direction. But for a movie that knows the ground treads, it just excels. Lumet hires his own immense directorial talent and employs his unique and very subtle sense of martyr's fabulous, vivid, and morbidly frustrating first time screenplay and his sarcastic style. The main performances are very intense and there are absolutely fantastic turns from Hoffman, Hawk and Finney; But the film's greatest surprise was that he was still the ultimate symbol of retirement in the film industry, after three years, that he still had a tremendous talent to provide excellent, echo. , His golden years are a serious part of the memory of the memory.
