Sidney Lumet could not hit the box office in 20 years and held a sturdy, well-cast, suspense thriller set in New York City, on his old stamping ground at 83. (How he got insurance, let alone the budget after all that flap, is also a mystery). The story is pretty terrible and the characters are not particularly fond of me but until the last scene I caught my seat on the edge. <br /> <br /> The two brothers who are facing financial problems are owned by their elderly parents in the suburban jewelry shop. Only the victim is the insurance company. The robbery is wary and two are dead. Most part of the film is worried later. Non-linear and linear and main character appears from different perspectives, but it is not difficult to follow. What's the story back to work is not so easy ?? How did the brothers come to such a mess? Are the clues ?? It is learned that the younger brother took his baggage to his parents with his father and turned to Abbasjer, who was murdered by his heartfelt murder, but his brother was the parent's favorite. <br /> <br /> At age twelve, Ian Hawk was a hard-working younger brother who, though his younger brother Philip Seymour Hoffman dominated the film, Albert Finney seems to be in their constant position as their father, but the script called that call. At the age of 42, I have been in the sexiest display I've seen over the years by Anna's brother Mrs. Tommy. <br /> <br /> The origins of this story do not know me through the storyteller Kelly Maesterton but is I based on Lumet's great 70's movie "Dog Day Afternoon"? It's not true, it's very silly. Lumet was just too elaborate old time artist studio directors were able to direct about anything they put in front of them at enormous speed. Some great movies have produced some classic turkeys as well. Is not this sort of classic ?? It's a well-designed piece of downbeat entertainment. It's probably a surprise to you how you feel that you're not lucky to be a member of this family. We know that the parents are happy, but the mother is very low and it is impossible to get on the relationship with the boys so much about her. (There is also a daughter, whose presence is also repeated). Well, like Tolstoy, we have to conclude that "every cheerful family is dissatisfied with his own way".
