No extraordinary crime thriller !! Last week I met my wife at the Toronto International Film Festival and it was far removed from the unexpected strong festival. It was already after my second favorite movie DR. <br /> <br /> The excitement of this storyline is great without advancement, because I do not want to spoil the plot. I think that two brothers, starring Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hock, robbed a jewelry store in Westchester, New York. The film is bounced back and forth over a period of about two weeks (before, during and after the stolen), and a key sequence repeats at least three times. Generally, it can break the momentum of the movie but this masterpiece is never going to happen. The quality of enthusiasm, tension, and acting also seemed as good as the film evolved. In the end, I'm on the edge of my closing shutter, waiting to see how it will be closed. I know that I have used some clichés in this post, but I literally on the edge of my seat. I must say that the non-linear storyline is very easy to follow. <br /> <br /> It is not a film that questions the audience with the plot that describes the plot in the film. <br /> <br /> Acting is totally brisk, and the same praise for the film if I'm not sure what the cast is. Hoffman and Hawk do not look like brothers, but I can easily look up and check it out. Hoffman is his best and some scenes with Hawk are electrically good. Marisa Tommy (Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finny (Hoffman & Hawk's father) also played good roles. Some of the kameo performances are very good, can I remember every comment, gesture and facial expression by Brian O'Brien and Michael Shannon? Perfect perfection. The exploitative scene was more standard than the other cinematic theft scene I saw, and I have a lot of sequences, particularly those with Hoffman. Music contributed to the tension throughout the film, the same notes that are often very effective. I had music playing the next day and I sat through other pictures. This paragraph is a plot twist that I felt a bit unbelievable (the main spoiler, I can not describe the scene), along with my small complaint initially. <br /> <br /> Dozens of great movies have been made at the ceremony. It is a pleasure to see the second time. But before the devil you lead is its own. On the other hand, director Sidney Lumet spoke before the film and introduced Marisa Tommy and Ethan Hawk on stage. Tommy did not speak and Lumet asked her that she was a bit shy and laughing "Can anyone think it's a camera-sig to be so cute?" That comment is very contrary to the graphic opening scene!
