French film directors are surprised by their extraordinary ability to imitate the typical, daily suburban life scenes and sounds. It was soon followed by the L'Employ du Temps (Time Out), which was released in early 2002 to study a fantastic role in the white collar workers' descent after being removed from his work. The style of the French filmmakers, many of the scenes shot in real streets and public places, gave the story a varied feel to the story, although the L'Emploi du Temps also has an elegant look for excellent camera work and some amazing location footage (especially the Swiss mountain retreat). Another impressive French production of Running Most on the heels of that magnificent film, comes from Jacques Adidar's sandy criminal capser, sur mace levers (read my lips). Actually, it's a crime keeper to make a tag to this movie because it's too much. Like an earlier French release, a boring nature of marginalized individuals who use their humor to return to their backs in society. In Paris's production company Carla, a shy, short-lived young woman sits at her desk and sends her to the office area, which is the main route to the jerrock machines and leisure chamber. <br /> <br /> Pregnant colleagues before the chat of Carla's desk and drop off their half full Styrofoam cups of coffee. If partially deaf and noise suffers, Carla relies on his hearing aid and stops, which is worrying a lazy or friend of a paper copy. When her employer calls herself in the office, she is afraid that Carla will lose her job when she wants to be appointed as a secretary assistant to help her work. Carla's assistant (preferably a man) in the job office lists her descriptions as she is in an individual agency. He should be 25 years old and clean-cut, extensive computer and filing skills. When the agency sends over an unkempt, menacing looking young man, Carla is both shocked and curious. They leave the office and dine in a local dining room where the cars interviews her future assistant. When he learns that he is out of jail, Carla initially wants to do something with Paul, but he changes the heart and hires him. Even though she is primarily kind to her assistant, Carla is now in her position at the helm and has a new force. Paul learns quickly and becomes a skilled worker. One day when Paul showed his parole officer whether he lost his appointment, he would find a temporary place to live and help him. At one of their lunch breaks, Karl once told her about her hearing impairment and revealed her ability to read the lips. Later, when a carefree colleague working with Carla goes away, he asks for an angry Karla Paul's help to take revenge on him. From here the rising crime scene in Sur Miss Lovers increases some of the most violent graphic scenes shown on the screen in recent years. The screenplay brought roots from Hitchcock, particularly the Rear Window, where Carla's lip-reading talent is coming into full play using a pair of binoculars. There is a teasing, on-the-back, sexual attraction between the two leaders, which ends in a rather strange worship rather than the North BY Northwest, but it works due to the substantial sexual heat of the two stars. The classic Hitchcock thrillers have nothing to do with the film, although there are definitely those things, but the evolution of the modern city can infringe many characters' lives, such as morphine, gray, night, sex, drugs and laundered money. Unlike Hollywood productions, this is a mental suspense cotton, where everyday man and woman can be seen on the street where a punch in the face or groin sounds like a throat hanging and where the office is afraid. It is Hitchcock with gloves.
