"The Blob" qualifies as a cult science fiction movie, as it launched 27-year-old Steve McQueen with a trajectory for superstartes, but it also used the uninterrupted Unleashed Invasion and young flawed themes in the 1950s. Curiously, Ke Liner & Theodore Simonson referred to the scarlet-earth protoplasm in the screenplay, an asteroid and a loss that fell to Earth in "The Blow" in Pennsylvania, a small town in Pennsylvania. After producing these Paramount Pictures, producer Dick Powell won Steve McQueen as the old silver bounty hunter, Josh Randall, in "Wanted: Dead or Alive". Meanwhile McIntyy's attractive girlfriend Anita Coreat acted against Andy Griffith in Shelf Taylor's school teacher Helen Crump as "The Andy Griffith Show". In fact, neither McQueen nor Corsow was young, but rarely young people did not play real young people. Director Irwin S. Evorat, Jr., directed by "The Blob". Lieker & Simonson's screenplay has raised four styles: the first is the Alien Invasion; Second, adolescent weakness; Third, the murder mystery, and the fourth; A horror chiller. Moreover, the gelatinous substance assumes various shapes, which is mostly anonymous. In other words, the name of the gell is not spoken or telephoned. Instead, it is killing and defying anyone. <br /> <br /> The film "Blob" is very serious as filmmakers have shown in the Criterion DVD release of "The Blob". Film Horror Thriller with our hero and heroines out and kiss in a remote rural locale. Jane (Anita Corsoot) and Steve (Steve McQueen) landed to find a large asteroid belt to find it. Meanwhile, an old man finds a meteorite and attaches it to a stick. The asteroid fractures open and smudge harder and harder. The old timer ("Olein Howland of" PaleSface ") is in close proximity to the goof. The old man runs strongly from the crater, Steve almost hits his jar. Steve and Jane Guy go up and take him to see Dr Halen in town. <br /> <br /> When Steve and Jane bring an old man to his office, Hollen will call his nurse back to him because he needs to run an amputation. In fact, Hollen never saw the substance on the forearm of the man. Hollen sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes run into another group of teenagers that make fun of Steve's fast driving. Steve fools him as a reverse driven breed, but local police chief Dave (Earl Rowe) has dropped him off the hook. Steve and the teenagers visit the site of the meteor shower and find the warm residues of the asteroid. When they visited the Old Man's house and protected a dog, the young couple split up for the Spooky Late Night film, and Steve and Jane returned to the office of Dr. Hollen. Temporarily, Blob completely absorbs the old geezer, killing the nurse of Hollen and attacking the doctor. Acid or Hollen's pistol thrown in the protoplasm has no effect on any bob. Steve Blow holds the glimpse of Hollen's absorption. When Steve and Jane went to the police department to report the incident, Dave clearly did not believe Sergeant Bert (John Benson) believed it was suspicious. <br /> <br /> Steve and Jane have taken them to Hollen's office, but no one can hide them or find the hair, but Dave admits it, the office is destroyed. Against Sing. Bert's advice, Dave Teenage turns to their parents. Steve and Jane believed that their folks kissed them before they were again sleeping in bed sleeping. Detect the old man's dog they had to drive into town and get away from them before a supermarket. When they go back to the monastery, the Steve steps before the electric eye door of the windows shop and it opens. They are not inside, but they meet Blob. Steve and Jane do not attack the refuge and blob them in a freezer. Later, after they escaped, Steve challenged him in the street race, and he needed to alert the power because he wanted to stay in bed. Police chief Dave and fire department will arrive at Supermarket. Steve Blow tries to convince Dave that he is in the store. At the time, the Blob Theater projection killer and attack the artists. Suddenly, the group of people left the theater and Dave Steve believes. Steve and Jane were surrounded by an afternoon lunch break. The owner and our heroes find the forces behind the blob off the fire flames with its clogged things in the cellar and Steve. <br /> <br /> Officers manage to fire every fire in the town and manage to freeze the blob. The Pentagon sends the bloop to the North Pole. The remnants of the drop down to the polar ice pack will mark a ghostly giant question of the end credits. Parachute and its cargo Japan b.Kheise received a stock military footage of a Globe Master military transport aircraft. <br /> <br /> "Blob" hit drive and the surge of successful Steve McQueen. Unless you are a child, this little horror movie is not scary, but Everrow and his cousins ​​have created enough emotion and sympathy for our heroes. They do not actually let the blob actually show the consolidation of its victims to your imagination, so "the blob" is without subtlety.
