I first saw several years ago on a currently running Tini channel; Amazingly, the film emerges as a crude DVD from the Criterion: I can not tell exactly what I did initially (despite the years being achieved cultural status, the success of the achievement was clearly lenient by literary fans), I chose not to buy I did not pay strangers in the same way and myself, without a face (1958). Recently, however, I was able to get BLOB through a copy of the Spanish DVD, interestingly broadcasting two audio commentary tracks from the Criterion "Special Edition", but with regrettable I played the Spanish subtitles in the main featured playback! কিন্তু, looking at the film again, was surprised by how much I enjoyed (despite the numerous storyless error, which I will get later) ?? 'B-movie' is a pure example of timekeeping capsule that depicts schlockiness (painted in pleasant color from time to time) and the social attitudes of the late 1950s. The male has played a major role for Steve (n) McQueen, but his unique contribution to the genre is very much involved, although the actor does not care about it later: it is not reluctant to childhood kicks, but it is still especially good (and most importantly, altruistic) kid. The special effects of describing a slimy and expanding organ are not as bad as its kind and period; Will the film also grow to good climax? Began with the capture of a movie's monster (when Horroor's Horror [1953/7] was recently mentioned in the film review but 'Flipped' is interesting, and randomly, a sarcastic Italian show is actually called "Blob"). I have this movie for the acceptable little quibbles: Do not show the monster passing? It will change in many places, and never see anyone! There is an over-emphasis on padding (tantamount) on the kids' scraps with the police; Is it crazy to have the town doctor shoot at Bob? Whatever the ratio, the bullets can be destroyed; The door-to-door visits (especially during that time, McQueen actually saw the monster in action), equally hazardous youngsters have a particularly urban warning of the danger! A low level sequel called BEWARE THE BLOB in 1972! Rebuilding in 1988? I did not see this a long time ago but it seems that I did not make a lasting impression (although I know I love Michael Elliott). For the record, I will follow this view of director Eveworth and producer Jack H. Harris, two other collaborations between 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
