Chokotatt, Beau Travis and others have taken the lead of the world's most exclusive and well-known filmmakers, and French director Claire Denis to the top of the 2004 film The Intruder (El 'Intruss). The film delivers the minds of the minds of people who are physically and mentally degenerating and emancipates travel to different parts of humanity, but it seeks liberation and peace. Based on the memories of Jean-Luc Nancy's heart transplant, the intruder is a picture of such a merciless nature, which is harder to explain than the subjective and impressionist words after two views. <br /> Louis Treber (Michael Subor) is one of his seventies, who dies in a heart condition, and attempts to make mistakes in his lifetime as a professor of Ingmar Bergman Wild Strawberries. It is clear that he is physically tough and very wealthy, but appears to have emotional drainage and look on his face is one of the quiet resignations. We see one episode of violence, where he comes out of bed in the middle of the night to kill the darkness, there is a bad feeling about him. <br /> However, he deals with a sort of supervision and dealing with a criminal offense. Only now can see the consequences. The whole facial aspect of the film created a strong sense of loneliness. He lives with his dogs in a cabin in the Jura Mountains near the French-Swiss border, and has a son who has long been neglected by Sidney (Groerger Colin). Sydney lives with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loret-Kyle) and their two children. In one scene he meets with his father on the street and calls him a lunatic, but does not prevent him from taking his money. <br /> <br /> When opening the film, we are Antoinette, the Swiss Border Guard, who hit a sword with a trained dog to drive some forbidden ship. When she comes home, her husband asks her if she "anything to declare" her tongue in the tongue. Unlike these three people, people and circumstances in the rest of the movie may have been in the luscious imagination. Lewis has three women in his life and they meet in the first half of the film: a drug maker (Bamboo), a dog breeder who refuses to care for his dogs (Beatrice Dalley), a lunatic and a young Russian organ dealer Katya Golubba) states that he wants "the heart of the young man". <br /> <br /> The picture is clearly in his mind but not in the mind. In the final part of the film, Louis travels to South Korea to exchange heart and deliver a different son to Tahiti, never seen or possibly never seen. His heart transfusion, however, appears to be a metaphor for a heartless person, his life is lovely but ultimately the person who is directing is unmoved in the lives of others. Intruder has a haunting guitar soundtrack by Stuart Staples of Band Tinder Sticks of gorgeous cinematography by Guitar Rif's memoir in Jim Jr.'s Dead Man and Denis Regular Agnes Vortard. <br /> <br /> The mood of disappointment and regret in the snow: a heartbeat alone in the snow, a little two minutes looking at his father, the baby in a sling, the expression of the baby gradually turns a snail out of the dirt, colorful streaks a new The name is coming from the ship, a mysterious massage a massage in a dark room, and a bobby ship from the deck to the vast expanse of the ocean Hub. Intruder discourages due to its elliptical nature, Denis reinforces us to understand the images on the screen at a very personal level to respond from our personal experience. If there is any background, the picture reveals that pipper mail is exposed - "your worst enemies in the shade, to hide in your heart."
