John van Droiten's "Bell, Book and Candle" is a delightful and unexpected fantasy about the coven of modern ministers living in New York City; This is definitely an attractive image asset. She has a stellar episode for her friend, Circle Henderson and Gillian Holroyd, including her former book publisher Shepard Henderson and Shep's confused fiancé, spiteful merril kiddrede, whether there is any chance of map-spell-casting with Ship Gillian. This is a pygmate, Sanyan Redlich, a Simei cat named Sidney Redlich, a fake witch expert with bad acting and bad habits. In short, its producer, perhaps, the box office seemed to be magic. So it's proven. Most product are right about its product, it is not only an element accurate; But I found that the rest was fun, lovely, and very consistently entertaining. Earlier, Daniel Tyadash's screenplay provided the best features of the best theatrical plays, but opened its scenes to include other parts of the Greenwich Village and New York scene. James Wang How, the best score by George Dung, with the more intelligent scenes by Jean Lewis by Luis Diaz and Gowns, is technically beautiful. Attractive actors include Gillian in her most touching episodes of heartfelt stories, such as Wolf Bergel, Howard McNover, Janis Rule, Merle, Ernie Kovacs Redlich, Jack Lemmon, Gillia's Unfortunate Brother, Elsa Launchter and Hermione Ginggold. Jimmy Stewart is incomplete in my judgment; He did well in the comic parts of his episode, but he was never convinced as a New York publisher and was too old for Henderson. But director Richard Quinn used lovely lighting, pace changes, and exceptionally composed shots, suggesting the witch's excitement in the film, while the rest of the episodes were very bright, but kept in their appearance. In fact, the main crisis in the film drops to Gillian Henderson, who does not believe the witches. She started her fiancé, a distance from her stack-up college opponent. Later, when Henderson tried to go out, he was coming back to her - and she apologized, because she tried to apologize. At the same time, Sydney Redlich called the witch spell who came to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course he did not know anything at magic, but he was very puzzled and interested in why he came at all; But Gillian's brother shines for him. This romantic satire comes out to the end of the movie, as she lends her love to Henderson's loss of love - what happens to the witches when they really love the massage. However, she never thought that she could ever resist her. In this film, Gillian has witches and wounds to have a dialogue, charm and little "magic" with fear of winning her and winning the one she loves. This lovely ending of this beautifully-photographed and extraordinary sex leads to its fantastic realism, but I have just completed a fantasy in my eyes. Unforgettable happiness.
