Shortly after, you come on an image that defines your values ​​and shows that you have dropped the true depth of human emotions. What is Vivah? Maybe more. After seeing DDLJ, Sajan, and Lameye, Bollywood has climbed to its pinnacle and it never comes out - Ever. Boy I'm wrong! I went to the store to buy some grocery stores and decided to pick this movie along with the new "Don" (just that I can compare with great Abirah Shahrukh, although this decision is in my mind). I talked about whether I spent nearly 3 hours in an irrelevant picture, and I realized that I had nothing to do. I saw U's rating instead of an A, I'm happy to have at least acting, where there is no negative acting skills, every opportunity to dance and dance with each other to show more skills in bed than a Hollywood B Actor. For the first 5 minutes or so I thought again to comply with the story meaning with bad acting. Shahid Kapoor knows that he has not received his reputation as an accomplished actor. Boy ?? I'm wrong about this movie. The film has caught my interest in the first 5 minutes and it will never go away. This is a great film with good storyline about our society's vanishing traditions. Although I did not have a relationship with the concept of a young director, I only felt that it was a brave enough to be a film (that was the right thing) to be a movie. I do not know why some acting is not good. I thought it was great and the musical score was not considered the best, yet I thought it was still very good. The good thing is that the film will see the music a second time after the time I've been with me on the public. The other good thing is that we can not send songs into the script as we see in most movies. These songs are actually a big part of the story and are definitely a welcome composition. Ajay Devgan was a joke after a great actor (after the company), and Salman found his groan after "Hum Aapkee Hai Koun"; The film will help Shahid Kapoor jump to be a good actress and entertainer in Bollywood. This is the first film I love him and his role. He is well acted and adjusted as a nice looking young rich kid. Yes, you play basketball and DHLJ is very trustworthy as he has every point on the dunk, as he saw Shahrukh (though he is an Indian in England, although the two countries are not big on basketball). Amrita Rao, the first time in memory of the memory. She is competing with her big faces in other movies, which really disturbed her. She does not know how good the actress is until she sees this movie. Her scenes show her her knowledge and depth of acting, especially in the scenes to talk to her. She is the most memorable in this regard, even in other films. I think of this film and want to do wonders for her. Move the queen? Another girl who has a good chance to work with good directors can catch fire from you. She has a face that exudes beautiful and complete innocence with great voice. Oh almost does not have 0% body fat (yes, I have also found her 0.1% fat and she can also work with many others like Sonali). I thought it would never attract anyone's beauty after Madhuri and early Kajol, but she changed completely. Shahid and Amrutha worked well and their relationship set their roles and they both did a great job (Shahid used to say "Hum Aapky Hain Kaun" every time to become a girl like Salman). When I finished watching this movie, it was astonishing to me, and I decided to see this movie again. Yes yes. I never did. Not even with DDLJ, but the film has just to re-understand it. I watch this movie for the third time in the weekend so we can see the traditions as we all grow up. I miss times that families sit and enjoy. I think most people will play the role of real life when parents respect their children and what their parents believe in, but deep down we all do not happen to it. Families, you are tradition, love and respect. This film will remind us of all of us. I can assure you that it is good for you. I believe that some young people do not like the movie but if you are over 28 years old, I doubt that you are one of them.
