A wonderful brilliant image! Jeli Trekka, owner of puppet animation, faces this totalitarianism, his last, film. <br /> In this dark and amusing short film, an artist attempts to create a new pot for his favorite, which has been banned by the Communist Czechoslovakian government (at that time). Plant. When he dreams of growing his plants into a beautiful rose, he makes his creations happy. Suddenly, he comes here with a knock at the door, and this huge octopus hand, which the artist tries to force to make statues in its parallel. The artist prevents him as best as he can, but he will eventually force him by continuous efforts, by hand, to strengthen him. He is thoughtful; An intelligent zombie. At this time the hand adds strings to the artist, puts him in a cage and uses him to make hand idols. <br /> <br /> The artist's inner evil is able to express himself to his teaching and enables him to escape his prison, whether it is literary or in his mind, and returns to his home, where he is constantly angry at the Ishvara There is a need to panic. He pushes himself, thinking that he is far from the omnipotent hand, but in that process he exacts his plant and pat, he hopes that it can not reach the arm and it falls on his head and kills him. The artist will inevitably destroy by his own creation. He constantly escaped the strings of the hand because of the constant fear of everything. Once dead, the artist will give the artist a great figure and a national hero. Unfortunately not, or the artist's remorse is not unfortunate. <br /> <br /> The lack of access to the attention of the community of Trakas and their lack of free expression is dark, terrible and amazingly animated. It is no wonder that the government is banned by the government, which is the kind of media, and perhaps even listen to it. It is clearly not acceptable. An amazing example of civil disobedience and the effects it has. Yet in many parts of the world is still very relevant, from the US to the Middle East. Must see 10 must be 10 and must be accurate! Talk about going with a bang!
