Anton Newcomb and Courtney Taylor are friends, both of whom are Leeds in their own bands; Anton with The Brian Jonstown Fruce and Courtney with The Dandy Warhols. What's interesting about their friendship is that they are rivals. Hate its love love. Sometimes you are praising each other, but they complain of how stupid and self-absorbed the next second. When Dandy Warhols was successful in business, the BJM still stuck in the underground scene; And why for good reason <br /> <br /> Dig sight! More on Anton and BJM, they have a lot of substance. They do not work too much. At platforms they fight and bash each other. If they seem to be performing correctly, Anton hits other members. With the amount of alcoholic drugs they eat, the battles are always waiting. How many people go to car races to see if a huge car crash happens? So people go to their platforms and struggles. <br /> Anton is very unstable. He thinks he is a musical mess, changing music and creating a revolution, but he can not get out of the underground. He is a very talented musician, how wonderful instrument and a talent he has achieved. But his drawn back is that he created the world he created; A black hole is an excellent musician in medicine, alcohol and despair. On the other hand, Dundee Warhols have their own problems. They did not get much success with their debut album and were struggling with their record label. But they were a huge success in Europe. But Courtney Anton puts it back into the world. It is interesting to meet other requirements for both Anton and Courtney. Anton wanted to be musically talented, but Anton did not say it, but Dandy's commercial success was to earn his revolution. <br /> <br /> In the course of seven years, these two bands have a lot of footage. There is always a frustrating moment in Dig! The seven-year story telling in 1h 45mins is a lot to tell a hard work, it's constantly moving along which it does not have time to slow down. Ondi Timoner has done a great job of piecing together one of the best musical documentaries you will always want more. If you do not like bands, it still deserves to be seen; It is beyond music to reveal a great story of successful failure. <br /> You may not be disappointed.
