Fantastic documentary about the friendship and subsequent competition between the two West Coast retro rock and roll bands: Dindy Warhols and the Brian Jonstown Fruce. It actually changes the boundary line mental illness - the portrait of Anton Newcomb - and his tyrannical relationship with the rest of the world. Interestingly, for a musical documentary, no music is rare. Whatever - the song snatches are much larger than the center of the show - rather than leaving the performers. Although the heroes are scholars, the story is not about music, but a unique American version of a cartoon lifestyle of British mythology, namely no one responsible for acting as a downtrodden teenager. Fraudsters, drugs, violence, moral attitudes, and really ehummonia on epic levels - all of them have been forgiven or positively encouraged because it is in harmony with any thought of Ron Row. This is a first-class documentary, but it raises more questions than answers. For example, why is Anton's music traditionally relevant? His music is rarely worse than any of his 60th statues (Stones, Velvets, etc.) that are rare and worse for anyone (and he is jungle and worse) never worry to learn anything beyond the rudimentary level. Similarly, Dandy Warhollls rely on the scene of rock and roll scene, which was surprisingly fossilized in 1969. There is no fault with partials, but exactly from the 60s, the cartoon is more about musical life than acting continuously. Why not take some risks with their characters with their music? Because, as a suspect, it's not about music. Music is just an affiliate, no prop or a necessity, which leads to totally neglected and irresponsible lives. But why? In the Dandy Warhols case, the answer is clear: money should be made and famous. Big deal. The Anton Newcomb case is more interesting. He is very talented, but every time he is given a chance to reach the most extreme audience, it is usually possible in the most dramatic way. He feared the success, and at the same time, resents others who have it deeper - especially his former friends Dandy Warhols. Attractive image. Highly recommended.
