A documentary about two rocks bands has spanned for many years. Brian Jones Town Massacre and Dandy Warhols. <br /> <br /> Brian Jonstown Massacre, Anton New Campe, is not only his musician but a music genius. Companions, his friends and rivals are Dandy Warhols, but record producers and many people who worked with him. Sadly, he and his band members can not be integrated into the real world. New combinations struggling with band members or audience members on stage (literally one time arrested for kicking on a fan's head). No new limits? He writes between 40 and 100 different instruments and produces all the BJM's music, producing the songs needed to fill the entire album on the same album, as his own musical intellectual-like pornography, but heavy drugs are consumers who have a slight compromise of his own artistic integrity He suffers, and his band members are less formal As has been claimed, and he treats them tayarucesinanta faster. BJM go through the rapid succession record labels ?? <br /> When they realize the talent of Newcombe, sign them up and let them go as soon as he realizes that he is not completely controlled. <br /> <br /> Warhols recognize their debt to Newcomb's creativity and have greatness as well? But does not BJM have to have something for warhols ?? What is the ability to combine their talents with the general sense, the real world, and their markets? The talented mixed pot (even if distilled from Guru Newcomb) and accessibility are the definition of 'cool'. DIG! The two bands follow parallel pursuit with growing people. At one point, New Camp is promoted by publicly stirring campaigns, threatening their deaths and sending hateful messages to the Warhols (in the box containing sexual laments and insults such as their so-called soap). Only he forgets telling them a stunt and so suspicious they bring a compulsory order against Newcastle. In Dundee Warhols Europe, 'New Day Halli B Holiday' and 'Bohemian Like You', Newcomb is very much separated. BJM is discontinued and the band breaks when they are arrested for possession of marijuana? Warhols are also captured for drugs at the same time and let them get a warning and keep straw. <br /> <br /> D. Lessons of intellectual versus accessibility go beyond two bands or rock music. The embarrassment is still a documentary, however, and it will mostly appeal to fans or people dedicated to the music that only interested in the music of one or two feature bands. The newcomer is not well-known intellectual, and there are fantastic movements in the film in the film, but it is slightly more than people's opinions to verify this outrageous ear. One of the band members said: "In every spiritual tradition, you will be burned in hell for pretending to be pretending to God." Is not Newcom? But there are still not enough people to congratulate him in his own lifetime, and DG! There is an uphill struggle to correct balance in favor of violent but largely unrecognizable intellectual.
