I saw this movie with my entire family. My brother has recently married and we can connect with guiding-ons. The film stands for a classic touch of the couple's engagement to the engaged couple. Thankfully, all Indian regions such as the Ranikhet Almora are used, many of which are already visited by urban areas and are therefore associated with the film. Conversation based dialogue - "Umrao Jaan Ada" conversations are very good. Background music music enhances "soft attention". Some remembered me Vivi Chopra's "Carib", in which Naha and some have done justice to Bobby's role. The same here, that main couple does not disappoint in any branch-looks or acting. The supporting cast is great. I will play the role of Prabha in the league before. Family interactions are true and you smile when you find yourself in one of the characters. The songs are very well connected with scenes and cinemas. <br /> <br /> I have worked with Ravindra Jain from films in Ramayana, Ram Laxman I missed. <br /> There is a double entry (Sivan category), bikinis, no conspiracy. If you have already been or are intentionally engaged, you will see the movie comfortably with your parents. Although Suraj proposed that there was only a marriage between families and families, his policy was entirely personal. The film is only about Prem & Poonam, the remaining characters are random. The art is composed of "peripheral characters" and the main pair of unique heroes. <br /> Come back, everything is great. Except for the play part. The condition of the tragedy was created artificially. Result, sacrifice, and later heart change are not all troublesome. Hence it is not an emotional punch - the purpose of the turn of this event. But, a twist in the story is necessary to overtake a 'featured image' image from a beautiful pre-wedding video. But I kept waiting for the punch and never got it. The teachings from Mohinayeh Bahá'ah and later Alok Nath were exposed from the place and it was rarely done. This will help film image-free status. <br /> <br /> When the film ends, my mind has a lot of questions: 1 was the movie really finished? The movie is over?
