<br /> <br /> In the real life of Hemer Hickam, his book, Rocket Boyz, was an adaptation, but it was good enough to stand alone as the title of the "October Sky" movie title. I've read about Hickham's memories, but I'm still enjoying their movie simulation. The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Louis Collk, recorded the story of teenager Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhall), which began in October 1957. This opens with the sound of radio broadcasting, the Russian satellite's Sputnik, the first artificial satellite in orbit. We see pictures of a blue gray town and its people: mostly miners working for Olga Coal Company. When the elevator entered the shaft, one of the minors heard a hand-held radio on the radio, when he disappeared in the dark, the signal was gone, and the sky above him was seen. Violin tune fades associated with this film. Then we said Elvis's Jolt on the screen car in the car: Let us know of the arrangement: October 5, 1957, Colwood, West Virginia. Homer and his friends, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg), talk about football tryouts. Football scholarships are the only one in town, and the mines are working for these boys. "Why only migrate to college," asked Homer. Roy Lee replies, "They're only girls and they're not only." Homer can not do football as his elder brother, so he is intended for mines, and follow his father's footsteps as my formman. Until he sees the dot of light stream across the sky in October. Then he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go into space," Homer said. After a devastating attempt with an original rocket and his mother (Natalie Cardide) fur, Homer helps with Quintin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer, "What do you want to know about rockets?" Homer quickly rejoices, "Everything." His science teacher is well supported by Homer in Big Creek High School, Miss Freade Riley (Laura Dern), and four boys work on building Homes in Homer's basement. His father, however, is his life mine, and does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer does not waste his time on rockets, all of the coal mines. Coal mines from mines are used to make steel and without steel, the country is nothing. The difficult relationship between Homer and his father is one of the most sharp relationships I've ever seen in a movie. Miss Riley introduces Homer with the idea of ​​entering the local science fair, and the opportunity to go to the nation and get college scholarships. "You can not get out of the kaleid," she tells Homer. Homer and his friends work on their dreams by working continuously on rockets, with every effort to improve the designs. Despite many attempts, the boys will not lose their decision. "What are the chances of winning the science fair for us," O'Dell asks Homer one of their more disappointing moments. "One Million One," Homer answers. "Is that good?" O'Dell replies, "Well, why did you say so?" The music composed by Mark Ishaam, at the same time has tragedy and hope, especially when the Homer sinks into the shaft and sees losses from the sky and his dreams. The 1950s rock and roll, including the Coasters and Buddy Holy songs, occasionally pushed miner's lives apart instruments to create a mild mood in contrast to the lives of young people. Filmed by Fred Murphy, the film uses colors to create moods and icons. Coal, filmed in Tennessee, washes the town with blues, grays and browns. Coal sticks are all tough, up to face, clothes, houses, and roads. One couple of the Godavari Red Convertible Stops for the orders from the boys, it is clear that they belong to the world outside Cochin and Olga Coal Company. Homer's red guitar missile model by Miss Riley is red. The blue "gray" of red "cockroach" refers to "out" against the world, but it is still subtle. Reds Homer is the world's only unhealthy references to dreams. Jake Gyllenhall expresses enthusiasm, hope and prowess like Homer Hickam, which is hard to believe that the movie is not the real homer that we see in the actual footage. Chris Cooper Homer's stubborn father is also exceptionally reliable, and does not recognize or confirm that he did not produce mine to keep the town alive. Homer, and everyone who encourages him in his rocket palace seems to be dying in the town. With community breakdown, the only way they can stay is by collecting for rocket boys performances. Again, the film is not exactly what they are portraying, but is there an image without idealism? "October Sky" It's a great movie and it's just enough to make enough rawness to keep it true.
