Sooraj R. After I Dean Hoon Movie for Main Prem. I lost faith in Barajya, a year ago I was very encouraging to Vivah. But looking at the movie does not waste my hard earned money. When the film first appeared on DVD, I rented it and viewed it and I loved the movie and took my words back to Suraaj. I finished watching yesterday and I wanted to review this movie. Suraj R. Barajia is good at this time, ok i'm not a huge fan of hi app ka hai koun. But I always loved Manny Pyar Kiya, Mani Pyar Kiya after me and I think Vivah Barajatis is the best thing. I rarely woke up in the film but this movie seemed like crying. If you are in love with this movie, there are many moves that touched you, this movie is very sweet and you are in love, the story of this movie may call you domestic and very old times, but for me it seems that modern two couples getting married Know tradition. It happens in the present time, a lot of people do not believe in this establishment, but I do. Travel between engagement and marriage is always unique and the picture shows clearly. When Prem first met Poonam, it shows how it is and the reality and my parents tell them that they are married and it's real, yes it's a romantic wedding of Prem and Poonam. It's very sweet, you feel nervous and excited yet, the song "Aznabe" shows off very well. Returning to the story is a journey that will make you live between Prem and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and families there. The film is a twist, which is the last 30 min you reach the tissue box. <br /> <br /> Chemistry between Prem and Poonam will make this film look great. Each other is very sweet. Simple Boy and Simple Girl, when they met "Dunn Anjane Aznabe" after the song, it would be very sweet, she did not say anything and Prem spoke all about her past and his favorite girl and his sincere and smoker. Then they all lead on those who have a family trip and that's when they really fall for each other. You just watch the couple and they want to see all the sweet moments. Poonam Chichi really understands her that she is sorry for Poonam because she is bad and she is happy to see her and finally finds happiness, she is also very happy. Love in love with love. She wants to be happy when she finds happiness through Prem's and I hope that the character is sweet as a normal girl and nothing is wrong. Amrita Row, Poonam's magnificent actress in this film, is the best thing she has ever done, so you can love her with this innocent character and separate her to find happiness. Shahid Kapoor is superb as Prem, Poonam is supportive in this film, she is a happy chemistry and they do not see a cutter after SRK and Kajol. If Ishq Vishk tries to touch you with any charm, it certainly will. "Mujeeh Hak Hai" song and the amazing chemistry they performed earlier. When Prem Poom takes her to his room, the scenes touched her shows her where she will be, and he has a moment between what opens her and they are so sweet. If you ever fall in love with these scenes, you may get along with whom. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <p> <br /> <br /> <br Here's a duplicate and a camera will file them. I pulled this picture myself and I was really connected to that movie at three o'clock. You really love me when I see the film, and they sang songs in a situation where I saw the songs singing off! <br /> <br /> "I finally say that we rarely see a movie that makes us feel good, and after this film you feel good and makes you want to be a good person, its primarily sweetest journey, primarily between you engagement and marriage Will traveling and many people say that is the best part of your life? Well this film is actually ours Gam shows that you do not actually tell people? Why do people say that the fact that a wonderful wonderful! Look at this movie and wonderful journey, you know why!
