Looking at the commercials for this film, I'm very sure I'll hate it. For one thing, this is one of the "movies based on" movies, which generally dislikes the author's author of the script and refuses to be associated with the image. Worse, the trailer showed the most mundane photograph imaginable (eg: the kid gets squirted in the face with a garden tube ... and comes over). So my little brother is "must see" the movie (of course, "Cards", "Over the Hedge", "The Bullet", "Monster" House ", etc.), I was less than thrilled. <br /> Once upon a time at the theater, the film won me for a number of reasons: First, the authors' kid dialogue would be better than any other child I've ever seen. A typical example is that the boy's owner accidentally gets an egg after eating an egg in the egg.This is true since the boys misinterpreted the pretentious speech of the Principal's lectures, which misinterpreted their younger children with their guilty feelings, and then said, "Why, al You're probably a fool! "The other boy," he's probably crazy! "And the whole group smiles like an overwhelmingly witty regent, but it's kind of a thing that a young boy will be on the spot and other ages as he gets older.For confirmation, my younger brother Laughed in the queue; <br /> <br /> Another reason for work in the film is that the authors work in issues such as bullying, sibling relationships, kid in school, and peer pressure / compatibility, subsequent to the school being sub-specialists. For example, bully (joe) is not a stereotypical; He is certainly not bad but pure evil, and enough that his home life's audience feels sympathetic to him and his bullying sense is understandable. Billy ('Worm Boy') was not even in the moment of "dramatic music", as he learned how much he had for his brother Woody, and at the end of the film, There is some realism here that the characters can solve the situation and they are in contact with each other, and it is much less corny. <br /> <br /> The disadvantage of the film is a surely humorous dance scene that even mocks the makers of the dancer's MacDonald's dance party "Mack and Me". Why oh why is it in the movie ?? Austin Rogers (Adam) pulled a Macaulay Kulkin and refused to take the role unless he gave a vehicle to showcase his awesome dance skills? The whole sequence does not necessarily exist and there is a slightly less humorous value than a performance on "The History Channel". <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is excellent and the length of the hour and twenty minutes) is just perfect. Remember that you are looking at children or you really love a kid.
