I have never seen such a film before. I'm on the edge of my seat and constantly laughing across the whole picture. I thought it was so funny that such terrible performance. The story behind the cinema is good but the scenes of films fail to portray them. I have never seen such a stupid movie in my life and I think why it looks. I will give this film 10 to 10 for the most curious film I created before, and it looks like this is completely created to get worse. I think the scenes are fake and the actors act like "the front of the camera." # Kicked me as he sh shout # but he did not speak English lol if he tried shouting twice, trying to make the girl once, but I did not stop the jokes in the film. If you see this movie, you do not think all the other movies you do not like are better than you. The movie should be viewed with respect to any kind of filmmaking. The evil snake girl is a lot of times it is fraudulent, the evil snake just feared and feared and she let her away every time. The evil snake has a lot of surprising moments, and how much of God's wonders he's hurrying the girl and eats. The change between scenes leaves you wondering if you miss something? Many plot holes from scene to scene. To get out of the snake they decided to "flee to Mexico" I'm laughing silly. Can Hammam save you from a snake from Korea crossing the border? Interestingly ... very interesting .... I guess I would solve all the problems of the border. Another scenario that is totally intimate .. They have first met and they have a romantic scene at the beach they kiss and do not even know each other ... The scene may seem very cliche and at least in other films it may seem logical but I think they are instantly instead of improving instead of each other There are feelings they are reincarnations Even though they mean it. Anyway this picture is worth watching your eyes open and seeing light. Bad Hollywood movies look like a paradise like this. Finally, if you get frustrated, you will criticize every moment on your head every moment.
