"The Hollywood Hotel" has links to several films, such as "Ella Sinders" and "Mertone of the Movies", about the one who won an agreement to make movies in Hollywood. In fact, since I saw tonight in Classic Movies, I examined whether the authors of "Classic Ringing in the Rain" took some of their ideas from the "Hollywood Hotel". In a movie studio the temperamental famous lady actor and another person voice over the screen Gave credit to another person. <br /> <br /> "The Hollywood Hotel" is a lovely example of the film. 1930s. Luella Parsons has played a role in supporting sportsmen (and, despite some negative comments that I have seen, she is a very attractive personality on the screen and the natural command of her lines). She is not the only real person in the script. <br /> <br /> The young man in the movie is the first of Mr. Ronald Reagan's career, the radio interviewer is a movie premiere. Regan actually makes his brief scenes very nicely - especially when he learns about the microphone possession when Dick Powell uses it with more important ones. <br /> <br /> Dick Powell leaves a job in a competition with a Hollywood deal, and a saxophonist in Benny Goodman's band. At the beginning of the film, the band is very impressed with Pavel's right to give a good farewell to the parade of the trails. They ended singing "Hurry for Hollywood". The interesting thing about this amazing number is that a line is deliberately abandoned. The story of King, Rin Tin Tin and Tarzan, also made as a max factor for Hollywood throughout Johnny Mercer literature. But the original song line refers to the Tyrolean power model. In fact Jack Warner and his brothers can not make a prominent figure of the 20th Century Fox, and the name Donald Duck is a substitute. However, Goodman's orchestra's singers and musicians have shown their best. <br /> <br /> Pavel leaves his girlfriend (Frances Langford) and leaves for Hollywood, where he is just a contract player (mostly for musical instruments participating in saxophonists). He meets the studio's campaigner Allen Joslin (owner Grant Mitchell). Joshlin is not a bad mate, but he is busy and tries to appease the rest of the people except to talk with them. He made Powell Parks in a room at the Hollywood Hotel, which is intelligent if the studio's perennial star (Lola Lane) is her father (Hugh Herbert), her sister (Mabel Todd) and her cynical assistant (Glenda Farrell). Lane said that she was like "Jean Hagen" in "Sing in the Rain". Her version of "Don Lockwood" was "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, repeatedly stealing). The same variation is that Moubré is not a good guy like Jean Kelly, and Lane (when she is engaged in Ego) knows this. She had a fanatical role in passing out for the normal role outside her desire, and she refused to attend the premiere of her latest film. Joselin discovered her a double (Lola's real-life sister Rosemary Lane) and designed to star in Rosemary's Premier and Star-Up Party. But she attends Powell (Joselin who does not know the real Lola). This leads to the demolition of Powell Moewre. <br /> The evening is a success, and when they are together they begin to look attractive to somebody else. <br /> <br /> When the mobbery attacked him, Lola was confronted with problems and Powell claws Povell ("and his gang of gangs") on his face. Powell's contract was bought. Photographer works Ted Heale (actually not too bad in the film - he tries to make a jalson simulation at one point), making two attempts to find a job, hammered by Edgar Kennedy, who was badly angry at Edgar Kennedy (the number of broken dishes in the restaurant and the number of users to sing) His slow-burning For yadam given). Powell gets "break" by appointing him as a singing voice in the end of "Gone With the Wind". The last section of this film leads to Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Hayley Powell Moewbrise, noting his voice to say that his voice is not. <br /> Now this is a very beautiful and attractive image. The worst items are due to time. Many jokes concerning African-Americans will no longer tolerate (when trying to port Powell when he arrives in Hollywood, Hayley accidentally photographed Porter and looks at Joslin and Powell's photography very dark). There is also a bit with Kurt Bois as a fashion designer for Lola Lane, which he (most of them say) is not too much, it is not very reasonable. Herbert's "Who-Who" Inc was a bit longer (more time), but in 1937 it was really popular. And Hayley reminiscent of an event that nearly spanned the Premiership (one of his last films) in December 1937 was a tragic, yet mysterious end to the comedian. But the movie is very good, and the viewer is not disappointed in 2008.
