There are a number of storylines around various heroes. The shoes they wear serve as reference to their troubled lives. At the end of the movie will all be transformed. Adela (Antonia San Juan) can lead to a brothel; Her daughter Anita (Monica Severa) has a restricted and forbidden life. Lee (Najwa Nimri) loses the shoe designer and her boyfriend with problems; Marikkarmen (Vicki Pina) lost her husband and now raises children from her deceased ex-wife. Isabel (Angela Molina) is a bored woman. <br /> <br /> Other characters are used to combine five major female characters. Not all of the heroines were initially given: some connections were strangely settled in the film and added to the experience. The shoe-theme increases the severity: for instance as a shoe-maker and her shoes when she works in the shoes shop, she breaks one of her important matters. <br /> <br /> Small amounts are made between scenes in modifying the connections. A telephone rings, a cigarette light, a song, etc. are used to make connection and fast cuts. The storyline often changes the boring or TV-level levels. Sound and atmosphere is strongly music-driven. The stories of Madrid and Lisbon are stories backdrop, and the shots of those cities are used to extend the story beyond characters. One of the more movable shots is that everyday walks on the same walk, while she walks from the relative calm of her street to the busy highway and extends her walks and restricted life: the space is visually translated. Many of the storytelling stories are visually similar to most Spanish films, using soap-like stories as a general background. <br /> <br /> Ramon Salazar has long been in love with his own objects. Some scenes are at the Kitsch and soap, in which acting (Adela love life, Isabel's doctor). Shoe-theme exaggeration and weak texture. <br /> This structure is often compared to magnolia. But they are different. Magnolia is more technically efficient, but somewhat mechanical. It is the ability to visualize emotion and atmosphere visually. After watching this, you will immediately want to go to the new Cinema-City: Madrid.
