I recently went back and saw these images again in years. When I first saw the film, I was very young to understand the movie. Now I see again, I can not believe that I've lost these years. I was able to watch movies, I think this film is great. Although the music is the best, most people think, but I do not think it's true. Many people do not notice the good story because they are judged by acting. The truth is that no one in this movie is really trying to work, they are themselves. All mainstream actors are playing. <br /> <br /> I really looked at work and work in the movie. Now from my perspective, the scenes shown in this film are really based on what went on in the Minneapolis musical and all this happens most of the real events in Prince's career and better than that for him? Music from the city at that time was recognized and revolutionized. Among other musicians in the club "First Avenue & 7th Street Entry" is interesting to see how the music is very effective where their career began. Prince and Morris Day is a fact that is always known to have a competition with each other in real life, but it is a friendly competition. They are always friends. <br /> <br /> The film will showcase the real competitiveness of the club's "First Avenue", rather than their competitive rivalry. The fact that some of the scenes in the film are actually based on the fact that the prince's music and the life of a personal life are actually based on the events in his life. For me, it made the movie more realistic until it was too emotional because he was saying superstar before his trials and miseries. Plus, his dedication that he keeps in his performances is phenomenal. The Prince was sure that every moment in the film was perfectly done. Whenever you hear a song in the movie, it's in perfect sync with the situation at hand. <br /> Prince is in a musical genius and has proven it in many cases. The film was officially put the Prince in the map and did not slow himself down. No one has ever seen this movie (or untrusted), when you sit down and watch this movie, you'll see with intelligence or lose the whole movie. If you really love music, this is exactly what you see. What I say above is a great movie I watch and own.
