The 1983 BBC production of "Jane Eyre" featuring Jayla Clark and Timothy Dalton is always there and is always my favorite Jane Eyre. If you look at any other version of Jane Eyre without reading the book, it will be like looking at some of the simplest images that will be remembered the next day. But reading this book is almost equal. I used to see a lot of these little ones when I was young, and they inspired me to read the book. At that time I put this television product in the book. Recently, I saw John Hare's 1996 version and was very disappointed. It's only 2 hours long and does not have many important scenes from the book (like my favorite gypsy scene). Then I fell in love with this "Jane Eyre" because it contains important scenes of all the books and it's not the whole story (if you read the book in other versions). <br /> <br /> The cast of 1983 was magnificent by Jane Eyre. Although Timothy Dalton is a very good actor (a good person to play Butler in "Scarlet" and Julius Caesar), he is great as Rochester, and I can not imagine this role. And Jayla Clark, without a doubt, is the only Jane who follows the book's description. Another factor that makes this film is the makeup of clothes and actors. <br /> <br /> Jane Eyre said, "even if she is not 18 years old," is too long, but I do watch my whole day rather than spend 2 hours to look at any other version . Some people will be frustrated and frustrated because Jane is not enough rudimentary, or because there is not enough "kisses". I hate Jane Eyre as "Hollywood movie" with unforgettable kiss scenes. You should not include scenes in "crazy, mad love" to show love between Jane and Rochester. Both Jale and Timothy express this love perfectly. I am 19 years old, and many girls of my age are referred to as "boring and old fashion". But I can forgive them because they do not appreciate its purity and beauty. After all, the novel is set in the 19th century, and that makes the old fashion look more attractive and more like the book. <br /> I do not think I would have any other version of Jane Ayer, it has this popularity and love. Although Jane and Rochester have other roles in other films, true Jane and Rochester (at least for myself) are always Jayla Clark and Timothy Dalton!
