* SPOILER WARNING: I want to discuss this without revealing specific plot points, but I can not. Sorry. <br /> <br /> I'm looking for a review of George C. Scott's IMDb. I have a very positive review, but I have decided to order: (a) I'm thinking of even when watching a cover of George C. Scott's tortured nature (and physical appearance) to a T of Rochester's book, and (b) "Is Timothy Dalton looking at the role?" I decided to reread the book whenever I was in the DVD backdire, and the next concern was strengthened. I said, the minute I started watching, I was fascinated. Initially the dialogue of 1840 was the first to listen to - with little or no effort in modernization - but Dalton and Clark threw themselves thoroughly, in fact the advertisers believed the audience had to follow the old dialogue. . The book on the screen has a lot of extra bonuses. I do not know who I have seen any reforms of Jane Eyre because "Who will look at the man who is holding a poorly silly woman in the attic?" If a reader who reads the clock reads the clock across the hour and two and a half hours, it seems to be pretty much a story - Rochester's mystery and its effect on everyone around him. Luckily, this version is actually related to Jane Eyre's entire life. <br /> Some people criticized casting. Dalton is very active; Clark is very much reserved. I can not argue against the first point, but he is the "moment" that Rochester believes in. For me, Clark's performance is in the mark. Jane Eyre is quiet, saved. When a book is reminiscent, adult zen's growth and passion is very high during her personal struggles. Some criticisms prohibited me. Reviewers say Clark is too short or pretty good. This book comes up with Ad Infinity on how small and plain Jane is smaller. Mrs. Clark should not be long, and the filmmakers did not find her, and she declared Zen's beauty a trustworthy one. If Dalton is long, she can not help. Some of the chemistry between some leads is missing. What? !! <br /> <br /> When Jane finally comes out of her room after marriage, she is vibrating with rage and longing and sad and regretful - and this is the first example in mind. Other criticisms. I lost more scenes with Helen Burns and Rivers siblings. Some dialogs are uncommonly truncated. Rachelster said, "Jane, you mistakenly misuse me, because she's mad, I'm hating her," explains that Jane had gone mad and he still loved her and loved her. It's a powerful moment in the book, and it's included in it. I'm wrong to take a scene with Rochester as part of his own story. If this happens for clarity, but I'm doing it. I wanted Jean Rochester's excitement to be cool and a ridiculous joke to the scene that he would repeat again, but he again and "liked" her. Dalton's performance is rare - a rare misstep glitter - when I was crying in the Rochester Library, I saw him as an actor for a scrolling scene, not Rochester. For sets, anyone knows what to expect - if someone ever drew an episode of the 1960's program "Dark Shadows," a very frightened and sometimes rickety looking interior. Briefly and briefly commented about the job made for Rochester Sports at the end. Boo! This is bad. The end is very impressive. After that anguish and suspense, I wanted more rounded. And, in my copy of the DVD, it is quite a bit to have at the beginning and end credits of eleven 25-30 minute episodes. It is very happy for me, I will see this film again.
