There are a number of adaptations of Charlotte Brontë's classic novel "Jane Eyre" and many reviews about them are a discussion forum for which one is the best. It is not possible to translate the whole story of the novel into a 100-minute film. Lengths, accordingly, show only a few parts of the novel. <br /> <br /> There are '73, '83 and three TV mini series released in 2006. The 2006 version is the worst of all three, but it is an outstanding example of all the Jane Eyre Intro and the over-altered movie. The beautiful lines of the novel are substituted with disappointing and trivial, and crucial scenes are deleted or replaced by scenes that do not do anything with the novel. This leads to all of the characters characterized by character Rochester and Jane are not common in the novel and behave in the opposite way, but their behavior and language are also the behavior of the novel set. This is a thin soap opera, in which the actors see, and mistakenly mistaken in the costume of the 1850s. This "Jane Eyre" (which is as dare to call itself) is actually a slap on the face of Charlotte Brontë. <br /> <br /> The long conversations between 1973 version Mr. Rochester and Jane are given in almost their entire length. But pretty much in the novel does not necessarily work on the screen. Sometimes the language of the novel is very complex and naturally speaking when speaking on the screen, and Jane's voice-overs dialogues have a sense of artificiality and courage. And despite the reliability of the novel, the essence of the scenes is not captured. Another problem is the casting of the main characters. Jane's Socha Cusack played the role of a courageous, self-confident, self-confident, mundane-conscious girl who, despite being a good actor, had no commanding body presence to play, or Charismamine, was different from the literary model and Michael Jayston. Rochester. A good adaptation is that it tells the novel's passion and intensity and does not really impress the audience. <br /> All errors of '73 reform 'Timothy Dalton and Jayla Clark with' 83 'TV mini series. Although Timothy is very beautiful, long and lean from the viewpoint of Purist, he has the qualities required for the role: he has a serious physical presence, great magnetism and self-assurance and air of power. And despite his undeniable hand Hollywood he looks sturdy and solid enough to play Thornfield's convincingly gloomy master. However, Rochester characterized all aspects of his character as his superiority. Rochester's hardness, almost obscenity, his folly and abruptness, as well as his humorous side, his sensitivity, his concentration and deep, frantic love. Dalton Charlotte Brontë language is equally wonderful. Rochester's very long and intricate ideas are completely true and natural when Dalton delivers them. He is accurate Rochester, unsurpassed and enormous, and can not imagine Rochester any other actor or any other actor after seeing him in this role. <br /> <br /> Jayla Clarke plays a more difficult role to play better than one of the finest Rochester. She has played the role of the novel's Jane, outwardly shy, reserved and guarded young woman, but has a great sense and is equally well-liked. She is pretty dizzy in the role of Jane: she is modest and honorable on one side, and fire and embarrassment on her, her weakness and her subtle sense is right and wrong. <br /> <br /> She and Dalton have excellent chemistry and are happy with their scenes together. <br /> <br /> This version is also credible to the literary model that 'conversations are brief in this version, but the crucial lines for the role of heroes and plot development will not change. Thus the writer of the book has worked hard to preserve the beauty and realities of Charlotte Brontë's language. In contrast to the previous BBC version, the summary of each scene is bound up entirely. <br /> <br /> The plot of the novel is followed by more accuracy than in the '73 series. It is almost a scene for the scene of the novel, giving Jane the time and importance of each episode in life. Jane Eyre Adaptation, which includes a gypsy scene that is appropriate for the novel, and Jane and Rochester is the only person to complete the novel's crucial and heartfelt scenario while meeting after the cancellation. In particular, Timothy Dalton plays the scene with an incredible skill. Rochester's pain was almost as painful as he left Jane's decision to leave him, and she was trying to end her frustrations in abandoning her and ending her last disappointment when she finally left him. <br /> <br /> A fantastic script with very little characters and two well-known celebrities are also just genuine "Jane Eyre".
