An attempt to combine drama and comedy is by Manuel Gomez Pereira, who produced the film, 'Things to Make Your Life Precious. "It's not the original instrument, but you have a lot of voice (from the pitch, through the way), but it goes somewhat from the standard of the Spanish movie. The elements of the film are poorly combined and some points are not well developed, some are displaced, close to the medieval era It is basically a film in the lives of two people Gomez Perera (Edward Fernández) is a stable (paradox) ready to change things despite loading behind your back with a play major. This only explains Audrey Tautou's line of 'Long Dating' (Jean Pierre Jeunet, 2004), George says of himself: "If I find a coin before my luck is changing the corner. "The course begins with it, and begins to play 'Hoy Puede Ser Un Gran Dia' ('Hoy Puede Ser Un Gran Dia') in some crucifixion on its way by 'Hornensia (Ana Belen) by Jon Manuel Serrat .She is another adult entrance, divorced and slightly lonely, Valerina Take For Sleep, organizes birthday parties as an elitist mother, she believes in God and leads to Hortensia The behavior of many contradictions is that a woman, who lives in his head with life "70% of people come in only once in life" and is jorge and unemployed and it feels "scary" in his shoulder is a dance in a luxury wedding party, behind cars and other players But the viewer is very difficult when it comes to direct experiences  యినదిగా నిలిచారు. 'జీవితం విలువైనదే' మాకు మధ్య చర్చ రెండు వయోజన డ్రామా వారి విచిత్రమైన సంబంధం మరియు దానికి విరుద్ధంగా, ఒక వివాహంలో ఒక చైనీస్ గానం (దానిలో వినోదభరితమైనదిగా అనిపించడం) లేదా నడక యొక్క నడక వంటి అంశాలపై దృష్టి సారించడం, తాగిన వ్యక్తి. The problem is that we do not have time to connect with players, so we can not dramatize, and we do not even give a solid foundation comic, leaving the rest of the pure joke. In the end, the viewer ends up laughing or lamenting or not. And it's true that we have not seen something a thousand times, we're not bending to every corner, but we want to do it is not enough different or special. Ana Belle (the film is far less than 53 years old) and Eduard Fernandez are both very happy to see the work, but at this point it's in the movie, so the bar is slipping from their hands in moments like "danger" with children. Perhaps the most dramatic change was made, but it was not necessary to reduce our guard. In any case, the highlight of the function is easily arranged by the two commentators. The only thing that can 'make life worth' is the simplest level of entertainment. Any suit more than that was a romantic comedy or dramatic, we thought, they wanted to do, little moments were unsuccessful (bad), in which the characters were talking and laughing, drunk, compared to a boy in his coma. People like Romario Pardo do not have any need, with a distinct friend giving the film the biggest contribution, which is "must be broken", and songs from the soundtrack are important, though. It is true that the film hits through the manual Gomez Perera (a few moments involving Jose Sacristen), but the whole story is a film that has a good story as a worrying story, good intentions and good result.
