"Flavia, la monaca muslamana" aka. In 1974, "Flavia the Harriet" was a disturbing and inexorable piece of Italian exploitation. This is somewhat somewhat embracing the feminine campus (although the level of compliments and cruelty most often hates feminists). Set in a convent and rename in the central role (the magnificent Florenda Bolkon's great performance), "Flavia the Harriet" refers to a 'nonsplatation' film. However, the film is quite different from timely nunsploitation flicks, as it does not focus on the monotonous aspects of homosexuality and genuine cruelty punishments. Personally, I like the "The Deckl Mark" (though it does not treat the witch-hunting factor), which focuses on the cruel implementation of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and in modern times in hexploitation flicks. <br /> <br /> 1600 couples from Italy: After watching her silent child as a Muslim soldier, she becomes a nun in the young Flavian canvas. When her father's colleague denies a penalty after years of minor misconduct, Falvia's disdain with male violence against women changes hatred against the authoritarian Church, and she meets with a group of Arabic scavengers ... <br /> One thing is certain, "Flavia the Harartic" Not for the mind, and to anyone who wants it happy endings Not only Rick. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi apparently tried to make his films particularly true and unwelcome, especially its evil scenes. Many torture and execution-scenes are worried, scenes, spikings and other horror scenes, with a clear picture of the possibility that the film is perhaps the beginning of the film's torture of young Nun. Violence here is not always useless. After all, these gruesome methods are actually the reality of the movie being set. The film is made with realistic costumes, amazing settings, an elegant cinematography and a great score by Nicola Piovani. The studio was beautiful and great Florenda Bolken proved his great talent, a great Italian tradition (including Lucio Fulzi's Giollo-artwork "Non C Sebigia Un Papino") in 1972. She performs another great and attractive performance here, and I can not even imagine another actress in her role. There are some minor irregularities in the film (e.g., the rigid church converts the first of the weird priests into followers). However, it is surprising how the film is realistic. "Folvia the Harriet" is a Italian exploitation film that my fellow fans should not miss. This is a great exploitative film, which is definitely deeper and therefore should be seen in the right mood. Highly recommended for fans of disturbing extortion cinema. 7.5 / 10
