I thought this film was about human sexuality, not deliberately or not. We have shown how dysfunctional and contradictory to women is not to allow such a national event, while at the same time we have forgotten the progress of our "advanced" countries. I'm writing from Japan, women have been voted 60 years ago, and women's technology engineers are a recent phenomenon. Pubs in England were all men, and the business world had to limit the limits of women in the United States, and women in China could not develop strong enough feet to escape their husbands because they were committed to their feet. Iran passes comfortably at this stage in our time, and we get a good look at how ridiculous we all looked at one time or another. It's about women who do their best for a soccer game (they are the official reason for men being bad) to go back to the sexual problem. Especially for childhood girls, a couple get a feeling that you too are ideologically also on the agenda. I would not say that one point is that all women are not the same, and women try to get the first place trying to "protect" the police. Early scenes at the stadium will appreciate the valor of the young girls trying to get you - and every single - at all. It is a cruel man world. Any woman brave enough to try to go must be allowed! <br /> Meanwhile, start the relationship between guards who have been guilty of guilty crime detained within the temporary pen for their deportation, who knows-where, and more subtly. There are definite ideas about women and femininity, which are challenged in the head. <br /> <br /> When the film is pure Iran of the first Imam, it takes a little relaxation for the alien, but the characters have a special way of life. You can, and you will end up getting the whole picture, and also to understand the misunderstanding of men and give them slack. <br /> <br /> When I realized that I had shot this film in a real-time event in Iran-Bahrain match, there was an unmistakable patriot of Ayotolhas, all in awe.
