In Iran, women and men attend sporting events apparently cursing and they are coming from female fans (like men of the "offside") who come from female folks ("protective" them, folks from foul language they may hear or not behave themselves) Wearing a half-dozen or young girls, a high-value match between Iran and Bahrain in 2005, Ron go to the World Cup, trying to sneak into it (the film is actually filmed in that big part of the game). <br /> <br /> "The Offside" is all the great human movies ("Main Street Shop," a slice of life comedy that you remember "Loves out of the Communist Czechoslovakia, part of the" Prague Miracle " Blond, "closely watched trains" etc. As with many works, "offside" is what we learn about the elaborate fictional fiction story The fact that it is the simplicity of the setup and the nature of the film that makes the film efficient.Once their trick was discovered, the girls are corralled into a small pen outside the proper stadium. Hear what they can do, let them go, all they can do   ెక్యూరిటీ గార్డులతో విజ్ఞప్తి ప్రాథమికంగా మగ ఎవరు గార్డ్లు, వారి నిర్బంధ సైనిక సేవ యొక్క ఒక భాగంగా వారి విధి చేయాలని ఒత్తిడి ఎవరు మంచి స్వభావం ఫ్రం లాడ్స్ టు ఉంది. స్టేడియంలోకి వెళ్ళే పురుషులు కూడా ఈ మహిళల ఆలోచనలో ప్రత్యేకంగా కనిపించడం లేదు. Still continued to ban. Yet, how can a true courage and courage can not be impressed by a fierce retreat, a system that continues to implement the oldest limitation of those who performed these women? And, moreover, the benefit of these women is a rally behind a reason or a "point." They are just like a fan of a soccer game, like all men in the country, cheering in their squad. </ P> <p> It is disadvantageous, but in any case, actors, with the faces of their fantastic individuals, perform an excellent job, every moment is totally true and convincing. Mohammad Kheer-Avadi and Shaheed Irani are unusually prominent in the cast. The structure of the film is quite simple and free, with characters like writer / director Zafar Panahi and co-author Shademahar Rustin focusing on a few moments in one or two characters, then moving smoothly and effortlessly on others. With this documentary-type approach, we feel like watching a real event unfolding in "real time". <br /> <br /> The film also has a very good sense of humor in the film. Which is what the Czech filmmakers have done), is totally absurd, and it is best to broaden appeal for audiences and domestic audience. "Offside" is clear for justice, but it is more efficient by refusing its story with a huge breath tragedy. Instead, nothing will prevent social barriers from appealing to humor as well as the general humanity of the audience. It does not matter what the real art is. In its own silent, poor way, "offside" is one of 2007's greatest, low-valued gems.
