In Iran, they are "bad" by the fact that they do not have a toilet facilities for women in bad language, thousands of men, and older stadiums because they are prohibited to attend live sports. Six girls disguised as a refusal to take part in a soccer match between Iran and Bahrain in 2005, which is based on an incident called Zafar Panahi's offside, determines whether Iran or Iran will travel to the World Cup. Offside is a patriotic comedy featuring a patriotic combination and universal appeal, but there is enough devastating social commentary to present its ban from performances in Iran, with the departure of the past ten years from Iran and we are reluctant to move from Ajand to the Tehran Using non-tried professional actors The digital camera fired, but the girls arrested and stadium. They pledge to obey the rules of three young army arrests (Safdar Samandar, Mohammad Kheer-Agady, and Masoud Khehehehay-Kaboud), confusing about their work. Women are enthusiastic for soccer enthusiasts, political activists and the success of Iran, but do not prevent soldiers from being forced to force soldiers to wait for Vice Squad and uncertain future. Rather than dealing as victims, they constantly questioned the soldiers about the principle behind the restrictions, and their absurdity was clearly visible. Although they can hear the audience's sound, women can not see this action, but they are a little successful when persuading one of the soldiers to provide a commentary on the game. There are funnier scenes when a woman encounters a "prisoner" in a man's room with a soldier. <br /> The young man must face the riot immediately. The girl is still in the house when she does not use the facilities. </ P> <p> Sends Iran to their country and World Cup and divides rivals who are not able to withdraw to their country for victory. Although a bit beaten in the middle and often and in the middle of the film, it reveals a society of mediocre social psyche with a politically educated and politically sensitive citizen. The world's pressure and the awakening of its own people expects the 21st-century Ayatollah to force.
