Anna (Ursula Andres) official R.N. Count Leonidas Batassen (Mario Piso), a former lover of Benito Vorotto (Dulio Del Prette), is a nurse's nurse who has returned to health after heart attack. But Benito is actually heading a team of descendants and businessmen, including American industrialist Mr Kitch (Jack Palans), reflecting that Anna will hopefully be fulfilled in reality. He has history, well-liked women, and he is a little more "harmful". The bad guys get out of there because Anna does not go there and goes to the count. The conclusion is contradictory, but it is described as predictable. <br /> <br /> But for the plot too - this movie is completely a romantic comedy, from start to finish, and oh how good it is. There are many nude scenes, including Anna and Joel, played by Louisiana Palusie and one of the unhealthy heirs. Ursula and Louisiana are both important continental ex-Bond women, so the male audience's imagination is fulfilled. <br /> <br /> When she plays Thunderball (Remember Fiona Wolfe), Femme Fetalel plays for Louisiana, but is less beautiful. <p> Perhaps the best scenario is Anna's (slow) full strip, Adoney, "the other patient" (who is quite opposed), in an attempt to learn about the plot. But this time she was already on both sides (fine), for she decided to go along. Nevertheless, Benito, Anna and Joel both have longer than two timers with long-standing women, and the best romantic scene of the opponent follows him to enthusiastically-fill (to keep the slightest) of argument between him and Joel. It was only down to the dark drinks of Louisiana. The swimmer swim is completely naked in the estate pool. Count is free, the client has to put his hands on where he wants to find Ursula, and he will take advantage of. Hey, anyway I went back to the names of actresses in my descriptions. The romantic scenes involving other women include an amusing naked wine cellar chase. The "delicate nurse" compact, 77 minutes, but it is not necessary - it's fun without interruption, start to finish. <br /> <br />
