For most people who go to the film, it is an idea; On his flight from Boston on September 11, 2001, his man loses his family and his dog on a plane. Perhaps you did not know before seeing this film: how it feels; What do you do And how do you affect each waking day? This story slowly slowly slows down the gate and has a recently retrieved relationship between the dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadley) and the former college roommate Charlie Fineman, (Adam Sandre), which takes a little speed and shape. The characters initially appeared in the film and it is not well developed but in fact, be with this story, and each character's simplicity is unbelievable - and accurate. Real people have a real situation, so they can not do it a little while standing next to them, one of them breaks down. Pain inside the spirit of Charlie is expertly clear from the first contact and we grow to learn more about his role? As brightly as an onion layer, revealed by Sandler? Light and weight combined with a layer at a time. It's a very subtle display that he sneaks into your head when he's looking at you on the screen and gets inside your head. Cheadle's Alan Johnson is equally subtle and Don Cheadle. It is always worth watching, the cheats are obviously the most visible acting when speaking of his full acting skills. Alan's relationship with Charlie Finlay was sensitive to the condition of the construction, as the situation demands. Fineman does not like friendship, or anyone can penetrate into his cloistered life and yet, Alan is very simplistic to own and is the quality of being honest with a monk like Charlie. This is Alan who has a rarely opened work of Charlie's carefully closed life. There is an inherent risk in the process. Furthermore, Alan Charlie is moving closer to the friend and psychologist Angela Waqarst (Liv Tyler) services, and the risk of putting Charlie on the edge is closer. It is an abyss that Charlie has learned to navigate through the abyss and the pure water of rejection when wearing every single moment. He condemned everything that existed before his loss. Unfortunately, his grief is one thing he can not deny. Sandler reaches deep into the pain of his character, when he meets his demons in the head, the viewer shares his pain almost equally. Alan Charlie sits next to Charlie, which runs with a gracious kindness and ability through his wife Janene with the risk of living his perfect home life. (Jada Pinkett Smith) When Charlie recovered, Alan seized his own silent hands with his own silly screams and realized that he was a boy who had gone to become a figure. His gift for helping Charlie will help him reconnect with the lost. The theme is very much like the Fisher King; Another story of a man who is separate from mourning and loss of madness. As with the Fisher King, the story ends with tradition, and everyone has the theme for anyone. Donna Riemer, (Saffron Burrows), a woman, Johnson's breakdown and a woman on the edge of the Sketchy patient, Charlie's border insanity. It's a good end to the story, but an element is probably a real ring opportunity. Again, everyone can be really someone. Devora MacDonald Vancouver, BC
