Time and time again, Hollywood comedians are surprised by their talents for dramatic performers: first it's Robin Williams {'One Our Photo (2002)' ', then Jim Curry {' Eternal Sunshine ?? (2004) 'is an example, then Ferrell Will [Fiction (2006)' 'than stranger and now Adam Sandler. Yes, it is correct: the one who worked on the whole career that made the mindless, goofy comedy, [I did not complain; I was always a fan] and finally gave me a show of pride. In fact, some readers may feel like a punch-drunk love (2002). But I'm still hearing this film, and I have to take action to see it as soon as possible. Excellent. My first film from director Mike Binder, 'Rivne Over Me,' is a brilliant and dignified exploration of grief and friendship. While Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist, though it is rarely known territory, some somewhat predictable storyline is surprisingly, with a good family and his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith), both unforgettable performances by Sandler and Don Cheadle. Unable to communicate adequately, so his marriage moves slightly. Charlie Finlayman (Adam Sandler) Alan's former-college roommate is a man who has lost his entire family in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, and still confronts his grief. Child left his life in Dentistry and spent his time in solitude: listening to music with headphones, removing all the sounds from the outside world, and moving around Manhattan in his motorcycle scooter, he drowned in fantastic video games, and repeatedly rebuilt his apartment kitchen to suit his late wife's last wishes. When Alan and Charlie met for the first time for the first time, he did not even recognize his old friend, and left the memories before his inexhaustible experience. In fact, he does not even recognize the presence of his family and loses his temper when someone suggests counseling. <br /> <br /> Initially, it may seem a bit exploitative for filmmakers to use the September 11 attacks as storytelling. If the Charlie family dies in a normal, daily car accident, is not it just destructive? However, if the director's intention is to demonstrate the immense pain of normal citizens through the tragedy, then 'over me over' makes a good job. You are caught up in the meaningless terror statements of the terrorist attacks you are neglected; This was the first 9/11-oriented film that I really saw was really dealing with people who were not really involved. Adam Sandler performs a surprising scope in a complex character, which he gets into pieces as if he does not work. An immediate retreat between intrigue, anger and despair, Charlie Finlayman, a graciously sympathetic person, thanks to an old friend's colleague, who can finally glimpse at the end of the dark, dark tunnel.
