<br /> Charlie Fyman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family with a tragedy, is still dead (in the terrorist attacks of September 11). He walks into his former college roommate, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadley), and re-energies their friendship. Alan helps his old friend face a terrible loss. It's the simplification of the basic story of over-the-rain. <br /> <br /> The film is a story about how we treat our lives when we are weak in our own states. Alan was never fulfilled in his life. He feels friendly and touch-out with his own reality. He was unable to work with his wife and his colleagues. He can not express his feelings and as a result he feels lost and distant from his own world. He was on the streets of Manhattan when he was driving from his work. Eventually he encounters and learns Charlie (not actually recollecting Alan) who lives in his own reality. Charlie went to his family for some time in his family. He lives in a rock band playing as a student, collecting 60th and 70th vinyl records of vinyl records and playing video games. He escaped a good and safe time in his life where there are bad guys and he is very little to lose. Charlie and his relief The entire movie will be influenced by the tragedy that has been in a different and better (?) Place in the past. His master is his savior and great enabler. His in-laws were subtracted from his life, because he was actually taken back by his family from his life. Alan wants to be in a selfish desire to escape his own reality to stay with Charley as a means of escape from his own reality, and Alan has become very influential. Help Charlie begin back from his self-inspired guilt and denial of loss. Charlie can start to heal himself, but Alan, in fact, communicates his true wishes with his colleagues and feels his own feelings, and eventually can not convince his wife that she can tell her true feelings, but he loves him because he loves him. In fact, there is a sharp moment in the movie when the fan touches the film and Charlie Charlie says he is Charlie telling him that Chinese and Chinese are experiencing realism that Alan is talking about the situation is not actually worried about Alan and himself. <br /> <br /> If you allow this, take you through emotions and keep your eyes on yourself. It laughs at how Charlie uses his words and makes a funny statement about the real situation that people really do in everyday life. Charlie suffers from her grief and suffers her magnificent loss, which leaves you on the edge of tears (in the original tears). And actually his guilt and loss of tragic reality really never left him and he acted in the only way he knew it: denial. This makes you a young lawyer scold you at the cold, unexpected acts trying to win his "case" (I actually did in Charlie's hearing!), And you're an old and wise, stern judge (since Donald Sutherland acted as Willy Bridley Malis Absence Assistant Attorney General) He is the greatest character of his character and the legal wing (1) I have never seen one of my observations once in a movie show, which means that I had until the end of the beginning, (2) to cast the characters in the film This fact is not important, it is not a javascript for the performance of the characters This fact actually interferes with the fact that people are out of the way! And Charlie's financial advocate "Charlie is Charlie in 9/12" when referring to the tragedy of Charlie's loss (3) is only a true hint of 9/11. , But the idea of ​​the film is not just entertaining, but think of a movie and make that film Iki take long after the film. I was wonderfully successful as I was concerned. I have not forgotten the image that provoked this wonderful idea yet and I will wait impatiently for the day I can buy it as a DVD.
