East Studios, a television and film production company in West London, is the oldest film studio in the world. Although it has been consistently featured in films and television programs since the 1930s, its golden age has created quite astonishing masterpieces for a long time between 1948 and 1955, with many great Alec Guinness starred. Such famous titles' whiskey glor! (1949), "The Latters Hill Mob (1951)," The Titfield Thunderbirds (1953) "and" The LadyKillers "(1955). 'The Man in the White Suite' was released in 1951, and Alec Guysen acted as Sydney Straton, which impresses engineers as a great creator, making him more enemies than unexpectedly friends. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratone is poor and unhappy, but he has a rich and rich scientific talent. Because of his low-qualification, the only jobs he could have are any gates or laborers in large textile factories, where he organizes his own experiments secretly using the company's own money and equipment. With countless times emerging, Sydney convinced him that he was only weeks away from a revolutionary scientific discovery of the textile industry. His daughter Duffne (Jon Greenwood), textile mill owner Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker), encouraged Sydney to be interested in extortion and agreed to fund any other work. <br /> If Sydney thinks Sydney might have been a discovery, Sydney made his attempt very exciting. He made him a hero and he was disappointed. The all-powerful bureaucracy of the garment industry, led by the weak Sir John Karla (Ernest Disgiger), is a unification of revolutionary innovation in order to completely control their businesses and go to full production. Similarly, humble workers in the union of workers heard about the creation of Sydney and were afraid to go for their jobs, to be removed from existence. Nevertheless, the creator refuses to the demands of others, and finds that he has paid compensation of 250,000 rupees, despite the threat of violence and the threat of violence. To communicate all of her discoveries to the media, she gives her the full sympathy and support of Sydney, where Birnini's daughter Duffne is engaged to marry others, but falls in love with Sydney's miserability. <br /> <'The Man in the White Suite' is a brilliant and hilarious comedy, which is a witty script (written by John Diton, Roger McDougall and director Alexander MacDanDrunk) and an exuberant and attractive performance from Alec Guinness. There are also some good-natured swipes in capitalism, and how large industries are developing for their own monetary conditions, although the arguments on both sides of the debate can be seen.
