This eeling comedy is one of the things that makes it so outrageous and intelligent editing. The shots considered to be very necessary for most modern comics were deliberately removed. <br /> <br /> In three instances: Comic Fight is modified. Alec Gwens invented a new garment to destroy the industry. Half dozen businessmen invite him to his office and try to sign the contract that leaves the control of the cloth, so that the product will be crushed. When he catches this, the Gains will stand out and walk to the door. Two men blocked him. "Forgive," he says quietly, taking a step forward. Two men move between respect and camera. Cut. The secretary is sitting outside at his desk. There is no silence until Buzzzer makes his silly signal. She carries her notebook and a full-fledged Donizbrook is in progress and the room is reduced to half. <br /> <br /> The following example can not be imagined. In the research phase of his discovery, Gauine established an elaborate chemical device, but instead of experimenting the liquid into a new garment, the device exploded. Again it exploded. The lab removes all other work. The explosions continue. The ceiling will be reduced. Windows will be outside. The director of the investigation sat down in his desk at a shrouded small office, tied to his head. When the door is on him, he sticks in the air. "Sit down," he tells his visitors, "any time there is someone else." It's very fun - no explosions have one shot. It is now unpredictable without fireball, perhaps the building slowly collapses in motion. <br /> <br /> The last example is that the quick, relentless cuts contain a series of dignity, and the honor continues to be placed in the lobby of the office building by people who would like to sign the contract. Looking forward to the two men grappling with him, Gains comes back with decisive expression. He goes against a stage with an iron bast. This fall circled the wall and moved hard. The image that holds on the wall has a one-second permanent shot. Another small shot of a metal armor is tossed up, sharpened, dropped and collapsed. Gains grow rapidly growing into the head frame. Cut out the two people that appear on the camera, but the terrible brass sound and noisy sounds are heard on the screen. Guys behind his back cut the flat. <br /> <br /> This should not be the crown of honor by the shield. <br /> I'm not in this case. It's a comedy alright but a pretty bitter one under all happy. In tackling a problem, Gains created dozens of others. He is opposed to both maintenance and workers, with no benefit. And in fact the financial implications have to do more than the cloth. "Is that about a car that runs with water in a pinch or another?" One of the workers is asking. Thirstyne Wabeln's "intended interests" commented on another worker that he was wearing his tombstone. What happens if our problems with energy are solved overnight? If I had shares of Exxon - and I feel like I - I'd shudder at the idea. Where is the oil industry if the oil industry needs? In that case, where would the police forces and the FBI suddenly disappear? It's a brilliant and very fun movie, beautifully directed and edited. The performer's roster is not peireless. Joan Greenwood with the husky voices. Vague Cecil Parker. Ernest thesis in the breath. <br /> The first class job for all.
