Deliverance was John Boorman's 1972 horror / thriller film about four Atlanta businessmen 's group (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voit, Nude Beatty and Ronnie Cox), which took up a canoe trip on the Kaohalavali river before the river comedy. Similarly, the unpleasant things happen to men in a raft (what a pun intended). Despite the unfortunate events in the film, the natural beauty of the River Borman binds. This area is well-chosen. In fact, this still has a very good picture to see, the Cano trip has gone smoothly. Dense forests and delicate landscape make horror more terrible. The film was beautiful, but also beautifully cinematographer Vilmos Zsigmond was shot in thanks. Outdoor Man Lewis for the performance of Bourne Reynolds is a star acting character in the film. However, I would like to see Jon Voit steals this role as a suburban family man, Ed, which would have to change his attitude faster for his survival. In fact, the climbing scene is not a stuntman. It itself is Voight. Filming was not insured to reduce costs and actors made their own stunts. Soundtrack is particularly noticeable. Steve Mendel's performance on Eric Weisberg and guitar and banjo as part of the duoing Banzos sequence remains one of the most awesome soundtracks in cinematic history for its intensity. At a couple of other points in the movie, we will treat a much more fun accompaniment to the trip down the river, treat all the good, soft, banjo music, for all the good points of this film, I will not find quite a bit of benefit. It does not construct very well the suspense and it's not really as horrible as we believe. The plot is also somewhat poor and it really does not go anywhere. However, the film has enough points to get my recommendation. I like it but for gore fans, it's not so much. Nothing really. It is an adventurous movie that turns a little sour not a horror movie. Think of it as Rambo: First blood meets three men on a boat. Ed's son is looking for very little Charlie Boorman. I liked this movie, soundtrack, cinematography and performances were well-deserved to 10 to 10.
