If a movie is unsatisfactory, you can see the image of the film's finest and best of art when you are strangled by the breeding atmosphere and the voice. Even with the most modern films, although you are very enjoyable, you're really shocked by the attention, and are very critically acclaimed and more likely to have a stick with you for life. I'm proud, I'm a fan of frightening movies, not just horror movies, but it immediately sends out tremendous silver. Movies such as breakdown and missing cool down your spine, thinking of "my sacred trash can happen to me," and disturb some of my favorite items in a movie. When I was 21, I did not grow up with actors like Burt Reynolds, Joan Voit and Ned Beatty, although I was fine with them, I did not let them go and acted, now Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. After the long hype and testimony Deliverance for the first time, I liked these popular actors in the film I made 30 years ago, and still live in it terrified in the modern films competition. Burt Renault plays the role of Lewis, a macho self-appointed leader of a group of four friends on a fictitious river bank in front of a dam construction, filling out all the water in the water. Renaud's character is a veteran adventurer, filled with nonsense and politeness. Witnessing him to portray a tough man, I thought him differently as an actor, because I saw him as a stupid old man or an angry politician. The dialogue given by the director to his character gives him a great greed to prove him as a strong and frightening hero. Ronnie Cox and Ned Betty joined the fun of a canoe trip, playing newly adventurous adventurers, Drew and Bob respectively. Once again, I saw only one of the old actors, but unlike Reynolds, I liked a lot of Vote's performance (for example, I can not say Anaconda), for example National Treasure Movies. Lewis, like Ed who played, has an audacious experience, but a more reserve character, a reluctant hero / leader, and certainly not in Louis Magic. The river began mainly with four small towns, attempting to drive their cars down the river and try to run the rifles and camps along the rivers. Rony Cox's character, Drew, initially got the creepy vibe from Hillbilly characters that we immediately introduced as a feral kid, played by "Unjust Banzos" Yet two mountaineers are in critical and disturbing rape scenes. From this moment on all weather motion pictures, the fear and confusion fills the characters as well as the audience and where the characters form the shape and see the form change. The canon trip follows is effectively depicted and men are fighting here against nature's inequality for people and survival. The cinematography of the film is not up to me, and I'm looking back at that scene, in which I'm fighting with a mixed bowl of Ed Rapist mountain men. Ed comes on one of his arrows and sees his enemy approaching him, and Cox only shoots the rifle with an arrow in his neck. I could not make a great part of the film shooting that I saw in the movie. Attractive, Deliverance is a film, who is afraid of and takes the mood throughout the weather and to this date, and is one of the best films in film history.
