This is one of the greatest films ever made. This is an outstanding classic. The role played by Ned Betty is the greatest of screen transitions ever shot. He is a shallow, almost useless, overweight insurance salesman. He is proud of his ignorance, and judges that he is still "ignorant" as ignorant people. The old man responds to his hat, and the old man responds, "You do not know anything", "The tone is set, and he really does not know anything." But after a backwoods anne rape, the man was practically a warrior. His impulsive fake courage is reduced into a serious solution. The old self would die forever, some of them remain in distant forests, and must soon be in water for hundreds of feet. And of Lewis, what's our courageous guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior, and he's just about nuts. In this film, Burt Reynolds proved himself to be an actor in 1972, giving himself entirely to this fantastic role. No one likes a friend like Lewis if our unlucky passengers enter into the hazards that come to the end of the world as soon as they are discovered. This film speaks to us at many levels. The story is a real feeling. It serves as full movie / adventure, amazing cinematography, and intentionally, pacing grinding. It acts as a bit of horror film, the encounter with the risk and the vicious rednecks that their "wife" Ned Betty deny is almost surreal. But it also works as an art film using symbolic values ​​to convey truths that go to the art. I saw this film at least fifty times, and every time it comes, I have to see it. You have to see only a few times to begin to understand it. This is a deep image. It's a well-shot movie. And this is a hell of the story. Along with others, I've given 10 out of 10, along with the Schindler's List, Casablanca, Taxi Driver, and Sling Blade. Movies you think. Movies without you without thinking. Without trying to teach you, movies that use the story to make their point. If you think you know the redemption, you may have it again, but again, you are not. It's really good.
