Deliverance is a fantastic thriller, every bit as exciting as any good breathtaking should be stomach-churningly scary. Although it is not a horror film, it frightens any classic horror film. The concept of simple red blooded men who experience adventure weekly miles from any form of civilization is captured and damaged by just a couple of violent Hilbillis, the most horrific nightmare of 99.9% of the world's population. It was easy to exploit the exploitative landscape, but John Boorman wisely escaped the temptation to go into such a path and made a film that explores, questions and challenge the meaning of the male. Most movies, you step into the shoes of the hero, perform heroic deeds and save the day and get the girl .... heaven wishing to come away .... With Deliverance, you are praying to God <br /> <br /> Four cities - Ed (Jon Voit), Louise (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Rony Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) spend a few days short of destroying the Desert River. Guys riders on pairs in pairs, and Ed and Bobby unexpectedly get ahead of others they look forward to their rivers in the woods and in adjacent forests. Here, the foul of the two local forests (Bill McKeny and Herbert Coward) fall down, and they were cutting the tree to the tree, but one of them called Bobby as "the pig." Louis and Drew, invisible and visiting Lewis, a legitimate archer, kills rapport, but quickly turns into other hilly forest. Under great emotional stress, four canoes decide to hide the event and get out of the area. But they will find a dangerous river for talks while traveling down the river, and the surviving Hilbillie increases their lives when they come back to shoot with his rifle from some unseen Vantage Point in the rocks beside the river. Deliverance is a powerful survival story that is very powerful, but macho attitudes are more powerful (and disturbing) as a study that is separated and killed and left in disgraceful tatters. Although all the exhibits are remarkable, a number of actors have to be discerned about Beatty's efforts in a role that has been rejected. The film is similar to the 1971 movie Stra Dogs - the two films deal with horrific sexual violence in places where alone, and the last violent revenge by the victim is not satisfactory. It is beautiful to see the backdrop of rough rural areas in Deliverance, but it adds to tension by putting four cannons in the landscape of landscapes and landscape. This is really making a breathtaking movie at its finest.
