*** SPOILERS *** *** Spears The story of four boys who took a trip to the wild woods to go to Deliverance White Water Rafting, packed with memorable moments (like the coat above, as Primus Alive), and their entertaining will soon take a bad turn Only to find away from the big city for a while. This is not a Hollywood film. There are virtually no special effects, the setting is very real, and nothing can be made or charming. The city boys are like city boys, and even tough guy Lewis, playing sensitive by Burt Reynolds, is clearly at this tour jungle grace. This is the perfect example of the image. If some friends walked in ravines in the forests, none of them were familiar with and refused to save their lives. > <br /> <br /> <br /> There is clearly a very strong element of the film dealing with social and class structure and relationship (or lack thereof) among rural and urban people. When four boys come up at the beginning of the film, they do not know how much they interact with people living there apparently, they can talk to them or if they doubt that they can not communicate. The communication block duplex ban is very memorable in scenes where they attempt to drive a car and truck and try to drive down the driver for them. While Drew and the mentally disturbed and possibly mentally small boy dude between their guitar and banjo (the best scenes in the movie), Louis had some difficulties in buying gas, and Bobby commented on genetic shortcomings and how all the curiosity. When the boy turned away from Drew, who gave him his hands off after their incredible jam session, tells Bobby to give the baby two bucks, knowing that most of them are very sure how to respond. What we see in this ransom is that much of the tension that gets confronted will result. The fun scenario (a Brother, art wherever you see scenes including the 'Red Neck Dancing' scene) did not tell everyone what to do with each other. These people are apple and orange, and they live completely different rules of life. In the hills, Louis, Bobby, Drew and Ed encounter are separated from modern society and modern laws, living by laws of nature, where you can not kill. Their chaotic behavior, four friends leaving for the river, are hoping to end the long time and begin the adventure. <br /> <br /> (Spoiler) Bobby quickly hurts to the hill next to the river, the uncertainty about the way people live on - is set up above the scenes - it comes into play to create the most tension in the scenes. This is a good sign of a quality thriller that the film's tragic factor, attacks and genuine murders take a little time screen screen, but some of the most memorable parts of the film. There is no undesirable torture here, it is with a clear intention and has achieved a difficult and powerful effect. <br /> <br /> This move is about violent confrontation of two different types of people, and they accidentally fight with each other. The rest of the river after the attack by a large part of the film offers some brilliant effective tension and keeps your seat on the edge of your seat if you do not retain your position, but it will be too much for you to be numb. It was surprisingly effective when Ed knew exactly that he killed the wrong man on the hill, and when the three existing allies in the film reached the bottom of the river, they did not have a questionable explanation for the police on what happened on the river and why the brother's brother did not have the law. <br /> <br /> It's pretty disturbing that the film like this is meant to shake the people up a little bit because it is a very disturbing image, its success. Hilbillis is a human being (ie more realistic), a boy or a lot of similar films in films like Gator Bite and Gator Bite 2, but none of which can ever be compared to a timeless movie like Deliverance. We follow these four men through their lucky weekend in the woods, the natural element is so true and we are well-known men and the subtle manner as ours almost like it is, the audience is really a team's fifth member. It's not often a film that's going to come across that way.
