'Deliverance' is a magnificent condensed legend of a modern group of people to communicate with a nature of a canoe trip instead of their own integrity, their lives and perhaps their souls. The film is very old. Although made in the early seventies, it certainly did not see the date especially. It is still the Visceral Punch and the iconic status of the dramatic post-of the ray's' philosophical and cultural shock vehicle. There are very few movies with this concept, which can be compared positively, but there is a tradition of Sam Peckfaf. Yes, there was debate on the subject of the film's most historic scenery (I can not expand here) - and one of the most solid scenes in the entire history of the film medium - but what a surprise it is at this time is pretty awesome. This usually seems neglected (still so meaningful in the revision). Vanishing, the cinematography that captures the fragility of the damaged river can often be absolutely fantastic, and in a moment of short madness, it makes the movie blurred, with the audience - the characters we fall in the hardest opaque. 'The story of the ransom is correct and narrow, and it is surprising how quickly the events take place from the crisis and subsequent events. It all happens very quickly, which gives the film a very real necessity. This setting was effectively established by early credits. Despite the limited time spent in the back story, the characters are well drawn. We know them just like them, just know enough about them and all hell goes and finally fear them. The conflict and violence in the film are not out of nowhere near the intimidation of logic. This author James Dickey's theme - the dominant femininity about the nature of man's perceived inherent "goodness" can only die when his suppressed animal instincts advance. There are no demons or bogeymen. Exploitation Hillbilles - the film's central villains - just our chief's crude, terrifying innocent cousins. They are shocked because of their bad misconduct and fondness. The film does not have any peripheral characters. Urbanization in all 20th century reflects the weaknesses and uncertainties of Homo sapiens and is all real and recognizable. Burt Reynolds is very disappointing to see Gong-Ho and almost overly confident Survivalist, Louise, and that it really can not retrieve the rest of his remaining ankle dramatic reputation (and 'boogie knights' are probably excluded). Believe me, if you're not a fan of Reynolds, you'll be impressed with his performance here. John Voight's simple effortless self, and Ned Beattie and Ronnie Cox both make significant contributions. It's just a great quartet of actors. Until the end, I hoped that 'Deliverance' author James Dickie's 'White to Sea' would be made. The same violent story of an American Air Force pilot's struggle for survival after the film's enjoyment of the film (?), TWW2 being shot over Japan's mainland during WW2. This is Dike's trademark gray existentialism and the greater part of primitive cruelty, but it's built on all of the really amazing, poetic film-making experience. Some years ago, the Koen brothers advised him to produce it, but it was nothing. Being a tight kono-o-filley disappoints me to think what they might have gotten green light on TTWS, rather than trying to make their last couple less than trips. Returning to 'Deliverance', it is impossible to portray an honest and ungodly brutality during this period, and it is very shy. We are the public, the movie is all poor for this.
