The story is told and repeats and continues in every predictable manner. The perpetual Charles Dicken story is predicted in every way. I admit that I did not see the classic Alistair Sim version and I'm always ready to do it but if I'm close to this amazing Eighties version I will fly away. <br /> <br /> The story is familiar to everyone, I do not tell everyone as everyone in a form or another. A wealthy, scoundrel, meaner, old man visits through his former partner's ghost and warns about his average ways. He is visited by three souls to help him stand out, everyone has a different perspective of his life and he has shown people with the past, present and future. Finally, in front of him, he finds the error in his path in a big way and attempts to make all his mistakes. <br /> <br /> Scott is undoubtedly perfect for this role. He has a role in Ebenezer Scorpio and makes it his own and created a wonderful role. He is not just an average elder, but in some circumstances of his life he is influenced by a bitter and angry man. His inside is compassion but he has everything below and has a very self-involved. <br /> <br /> Scott offers Scott's perfect role when it comes to the screw. This is a great epic of Victorian England, Dickens England is revived before our very eyes, scenes and sounds and you can almost feel the air in your face and smell the market. Director Clive Donner renders this scene amazingly and has no imagination. I can see this movie dumb and dazzled through the scenery. It's not an amazing marine scene, but it's real. The film takes us from the traders of the top traders to poverty and everything that is far more complex than the conspiracy. <br /> The rest of the cast fits their roles and brings their literary counterparts to life. Bob Krrishte, David Warner and his entire family, particularly the young Tim Tim Anthony Walters, is an amazing character. Ghosts have their own unique personality and are added to the dark mood of the story. A Christmas Carol is not a light story. Dickens wrote this story for the darkest period in England's life and is one of the darkest and most scary Christmas stories around, and it's scary to frighten the guy who has switched over for years. The film's dark feel to the film is captured and apparently intimidating, and yet the ending of your souls binds Christmas wonders. The score for the film is also epic and grand and beautiful, everything is enough to hear whether it is the original score or Christmas music. I would pressure everyone to see this Christmas Carol over others because Christmas movies are my favorites. 10/10
