Exciting trashy and wonderfully unpretentious 80's exploitative, hooray! Early credits Early sequences give us a false impression that we're dealing with a serious and harrowing drama, but just ten minutes later we need to be afraid because we're up to our neck in the inconsistent chain wars, tough fist-fights, sensational dialogues and inappropriate nudity! Both Bo and Ingrid's two orphans are rarely close and slightly objectionable. Can your sister be able to make fun of the towel covering the naked body? Want to appear in the groceries that are not flawless for several minutes? Well, Bo judged by his sister and her dubbing laughter, she does not mind all. Sick, dude! Nevertheless, they fled from Russia with their parents, but the evil soldiers cruelly murdered mummy and daddy. A friendly smuggler was taken into custody, while Bo and Ingrid trained skilled traffickers. When realistic plot lift off, 20 years later, the mythical and incredibly valuable white fire diamond is randomly encountered in their quest to appear in a mine. Very little things in life have always made little sense like the plot and narrative structure of "White Fire", but it is definitely fun to watch. Most of the time you have or have no clue who can beat for any reason (and I bet the actors even less understand) but whatever! Violence is richly grotesque and every story twist is beautiful. Absolutely correct when the script goes full bonkers beyond repair? And I will not reveal for any reason? Ingrid and Fred Williamson needed a big cigar in his mouth and a boker to enter the scene with his black fingers on the local hooker. Bo's main rival is an Italian chick but a bizarre voice with big breasts, Annapurna but impressive theme song plays at least a dozen times throughout the movie, loyalty is "falling-in-love" love montage and other load attractions! My God, wonderful experience. The original French title is "Life to Survive", which is unique because it makes sense of the rest of the movie: Note!
