What can I say about the film about white fire? Amazing? Fantastic? Disturbing? Hilarious? White Fire These words are not big enough to describe the event. From Wobbly, garbled at the beginning of the deep end, this picture will be pleasant throughout. <br /> <br /> Our movie begins in the woods of a country somewhere in the world. A family hiding from unmarked soldiers in the garment shop uniforms. When the dad is separated from the mother and their child, you will see what kind of picture you will see. He makes sure that all his white clothes are swept away by the hills, he draws the attention of the public before he shoots them, but alas, the father is shot dead and killed as a very unusable, unsafe stunt. Meanwhile, mother and kids are running down a beach with an armed soldier trailing about 5 feet behind them. He is also a hideous "HALT!" Gives a strong warning before the action in the form, and soon the mother is in vain. This action sequence builds our heroes Bo and Ingred's delightful childhood. <br /> <br /> Now we are moving forward for 20 years (30 if you're honest about the Age of Hero) professional thieves, or diamond prospectors, or something settled. As she works in the diamond mine, she helps her things, but Bo (driven by Dynamic Diner Robert Gint) runs his denim dress around the desert. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They do not seem to have any other friends, they spend their time. She said, "You know that you are my sister," she told her that she had expressed her desire to sleep with her sister, she told her when she was preparing for a very painful duo. When Ingrid is killed, Bo is subsequently crushed, and he goes along the coast of Turkey with his festive pink scarf. When Bo found a girl found in Ingrid, the hope is restored, and she provides her plastic surgery to look exactly like her ingrid. The door opens to have sexual relations with his sister without being technically wrong. <br /> <br /> However, many fun action scenes, ridiculous violence, great acting, plot lines are impossible to follow. , Fred "hammer" Williamson (for some reason), and a large piece of dirty ice that feels a big diamond (later exploding). All of these things are great, but Bo and Ingrid's relationship makes this film unique ... it's really unique. I encourage everyone to see Majesty that is White Fire. You may be happy .. or not.
