I thought you had Sam Mendes's first film, a very polished American beauty style, the second attempt you'd ever been interested in, and wait until you see the dreaded 30 gangsters drama road. Some critics have praised the new film as the worst successor, a blow by many critics who have taken with Mr Mendes's unusual technical expertise. If the mechanics of film making make a picture great then yes, the average road is a distant relative to Godfire in terms of cinematography, editing, music scoring and sound. What's not great, great stories and some very rare films have long been spent with the viewer and have long experienced or experienced experience. <br /> <br /> Like the American Beauty, the film has a cool and far-reaching experience despite the very difficult scenes with Pithrakrishna, loyalist and betrayal. <br /> <br /> Hitman (Tom Hanks) and his relationship with a surrogate father - his boss, an elderly Irish mob leader (Paul Newman), seems to have deduced from gangster films of the past years. The father / son's motif hanging on the film is very high in its treatment, which does not have much room for freedom; The entire organization was carefully crafted and almost all the dialogues were broadcast with a great song: this was clearly a gangster movie, so it was a necessary violent and bloody picture, but the humor to talk about the film was almost nothing; <br /> <br /> "This is a fantastic look of the film; in fact, it is an overstatement to say that it is one of the beautifully photographed and designing films I've ever seen. No, veteran cameraman Conrad Hall can win another Oscar for his work here, the sets and costumes of the product are just like the fact that the entire film technology is awesome. He and Mr. Hall again and again with dramatic use of black blood, pale walls, blacks, blues and grace. <br /> If I fail to notice acting, the actors do not refuse anyone. With the special mention of going to the evil bad guys, the top notch is: Daniel Craig Classic "Newman Of gangster father's spoiled son suddenly "love to hate" is; Jude Law, which is almost unrecognizable in the pursuit of Hanks and his son and dolls, especially in the inspired second half of the film. But the acting in the film is bound to take a rear seat for photographic piles to showcase this dazzling here. While a Rolls-Royce is a movie, I have no doubt that I'm wrongly off the road.
