Dickens's classic 'A Christmas Carol,' directed by Clive Donner, was 1984 version, as Ebenezer Scout as George C. Scott. During this time, the challenge to the filmmaker is to take such familiar things and make it fresh and fresh; The film is happy with meeting Donner, but it has surpassed expectations of anyone. He tells the story of the story and the story of the story, and the performances extracted from his actors, especially those of Scott. Screw's definitive role - one of the best characters in literary fiction, ever - Alertor Sim created in 1951; But I think for his performance here, Scott has now achieved that distinction. In his Sarkozy there is such purity and honesty, it is difficult to see anybody in the role after Scott saw it; Just put, he scrooge. And it's a tribute to such an amazing actor; To be a well-known person and not be able to do it exclusively for his own. The actor is happy to see his business run well, and his real face to each category, and it can be true from every word that the ring is real. <br /> <br /> The other members of the cast are also excellent, but they should be restored to maintain the integrity of Scott's performance; And they are. Frank Finley Jacob Marley's Ghost; A significant turn, though not memorable, maybe in the film as Alex Guinness (Marley), `Screws. 'Angela Plessens is a welcome sight, such as the Christmas of the past; Edward Woodward, grand and majestic, and fully convinced of the Christmas present Spirit; <br /> <br /> David Warner correctly marks his Bob Crucet, trusting the role of authenticity for the character. Quality Scott's Scrooge, and Susanna York Rentals just as well as Mrs. Cratchit. Here is the real gem, the performance of young Anthony Walters as the youngest Tim; <br /> <br /> The great supporting actors include Roger Reese (Fred Holwell, and the storyteller), Muddly, and are just one of the best commentaries - (Janet Holiwel), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Guff (Mr. Poole ) And Joanne Vale (Fan). A flawless appearance, this version of `A Christmas Carol 'is the standard against all standards; No matter how many versions you can see, this is like watching it for the first time. And ever after, when you think about the screws, the picture will be proud of your mind George C. Scott's. Completely entertaining and satisfying experience, the film takes place on the annual holiday of every house holiday. I rate this one 10/10.
