Wow ... I got a chance to read / watch this story as one of the best stories. We know this famous story. Two martial artistes, one man and his son, are trained in forbidden cursed springs and ignoring their warnings, they come in the spring of two. Father, birth, spring of the drowning panda. And the 16-year-old Rana, the spring of the girl drowning. Now they have been named after a spring water splash spring. No, it's just the beginning. One of the most powerful youngsters ever to become a woman, Rann's crazed martial arts teachers and hundreds of mad art styles, madness high school principle, the rivals to settle with the right and left rack, it tries to mess up their life or "steal" their loved ones. Speaking about my loved ones, I have tracked how many times a boy or girl who fell in love with me. And once it was not her future husband Acken. Only from the first few chapters / episodes of this series. <br /> This story is wonderful. I do not come across something so hideous, so bizarre ... so ... in this world and yet its down down to earth and believable ... I can not even explain it to its absolute. Its just so easy to get into a beautiful story. I like the humor that I like about it. Not once did I laugh at all from the manga and there was no need to do anything in the Simpsons or some kind of fighting. I was able to read any part of the humor and laugh from the beginning to the end. Another thing is the characters. Ran, you may want to make him stronger, but with every little problem he will do his best to survive half the time and his personality is a mindless young man but he is a computational intellectual when it comes to the worst trash. And hundreds of people in the sarcasm of the show, who hates the idea of ​​paranoia together, think of everyone in his town, more Akane, always think of living in the worst way. His father Jenna, do you want to mix the father's character correctly? Right! But when he has some spotlight ... he gives more reasons to hate him yet with the same love! Do you know the worst father from an anime? You have not met Genma. Ryoga, maybe one of Ganamas' greatest opponents and my favorite character (next to Ranma) ... and perhaps he is one of the only people who really stand. The series has a very strong role but has two shortcomings, one baby becomes a pig but his worst mistake ... his sense of direction! Then we know ... you can spend hours on the computer, all the story, story, everything that is positive about it but it just does not mean. No, now! You do not worry! I advise you to check the comic-out first. I like the anime, but I have some problems getting the series at a good price. And a little nitpick does not seem to translate humor anime as well as manga. The comic feels more of a cartoon because I think partly. But either way, win its victory! 10 out of 10!
