Accepted, when I was around the first twelve I chose 1/2 of the choice. I'm in the library and searched for something better to read. Then, I went to the comic / manga section and saw this book. I read through my first few chapters and I do not really know what's going to happen, but I know that I love it. I'm reading some more. Frankly, I did not come anywhere. And then, five months ago (I'm now 16) my friend was watching some anime series and I remembered this manga. I did not call it, but the author recalled that the creator of Ayu Asha was Rumio Takahashi. I'll do it, and then take a sound decision to see 161 episodes. At first I threw off a little bit of 1990 graphics, but it really does not matter at the end. No anime ever made me laugh very hard and rewind, look again. Once I saw 45 straight episodes one day. I do not know how to do it ... but I could not stop. Eventually, after spending two days, I was engaged. I also dreamed - silly like this sounds - about watching Ranma. I've never been so happy for never seeing it, so funny, and looking so heartfelt. To date, I do not have enough 161 episodes to satisfy. The course of the course cliffhanger is enough to go to the bonkers, but one series is enough to continue reading me. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 is a boy named Ramamma Savormam and his father, Jenna Sadom. INTENSE martial artists. They were serious, they went to ancient training grounds in China and became 'cursed'. The plains are filled with water of different kinds of pools, and if you are in one, you take each shape drowned when dipping with cold water. For Genma, it's a panda, and for a Ranma that is for a ... girl! It's a very artificial fun love story. On top of that, Genma Rampa Tendo Dojo promises his friend to marry his daughters to keep alive. 'Of course he wants to fit with his guts and feelings hates mutual. Obviously they like each other, but accept both as stubborn. But Genma is doing this doing history. He promised a lot of girls to give them. <br /> Trust me. It's worth watching. It's funny, heartfelt and exciting.
