Although far from my expectations, I was completely impressed by the dog byte dog. I rented it without much knowledge of it, but I thought it was a martial arts / action film in the standard Hong Kong Action tradition, in which I was a dedicated fan. I've got something completely different, it's not a bad case. This film can be classified, and certainly some good actions and action scenes in the film are hand-handed, which is not exactly the primary focus. <br /> <br /> In Hong Kong action films, its characters are rarely important for movies than its roles, a very unusual thing. <br /> <br /> I am very surprised by the intricacies of the characters and character relationships in the film. The main character who played the role of Edison Chen (really good), after watching thirty minutes, is ultimately more complicated than the movie I expected. Police characters also completely ignored my expectations. In fact, the film that has rarely seen a rare and honest role of police is my favorite factor. I do not know that the dot-tote dog is a bad criminal and completely withdrawing the typical feelings of good cop, but it definitely strains the image (unfortunately) in ways that are not visible. Most movies, especially the Hong Kong action films I've seen, have clearly portrayed the role of police as an intellectually exemplary light. This is one of my favorite things about the genre. I'm pleasantly surprised by the pleasurable dot-bite dog being actually some special, and really courageous, current thoughts about the police. I have never seen the scenes of the debate in this movie, and I suspect that I will see it again and I will remember for a while. Also, criminal characters are also shown from an interesting perspective, some documentary footage in the film of Cambodian boys is older than ten who have to fight each other to death with their bare hands, one of the most powerful and moving moments of the film I thought. It is these people who say that they are just not condemning the way, they say a lot about the way. Still, the character of Chen and the relationship between the girl he meets in Junk Yard reveals a lot about his role. As long as I entered the film in the film, it started to be just an emotional experience rather than visceral. There is something quite a lot on screen relationships that I do not find most, but there is some reason for this. <br /> <br /> The Dot Bite Dog also has some really breathtaking cinematography, though unfortunately it is uneven. For a few moments I have been a really cool movie, especially in the final section of the film, but also a good deal of camera work. I'm uneasy with a little more problem faced by me. I found too few scenes looking for a boat, but soon afterwards I picked it up. Action sequences are small and not very plentiful, but are really powerful and effective, especially at the end. Combat choreography is not honest enough to be honest, emotional content behind real strength fights, even though it is rich and very real to its credit. <br /> <br /> The final scene is not a miracle of martial artistry or fight choreography, but it is one of the most powerful final fights I've seen so far. Identify whether or not you recognize whether you realize that most of the dog dogs are out of the dog or not. All of them can certainly be seen in some kind of erroneous characters in a kind of film, but I have many human beings, I could not help but really attracted them to Chen's girlfriend. I think many people like it because many people like it because many people do not like it or do not care about the characters, but I still recommend it better. It really is a deeply moving and influenced image if you give it a chance.
