I'm going to watch straight - I have not seen a movie like Dog Bite Dog at most. I have heard that I am a big fan of the late 80s for the CATIII films of the CATIII films, and the "style" of the movies will make a little bit of return with these films, and Gerh Tao of Herman Yu (I have not seen so far in this work ...) I was very interested in giving a shot in these new-wave CATIII movies. Is this film received my expectations? <br /> <br /> The story follows a young, zoo, amusing and virtually unstoppable Thai hitman. Some "mischief" to Hong Kong with vague history. Unfortunately, he was quickly identified by a Rubicus copy (specifying many of the features of our hitman), and was quickly caught and caught. This situation does not last long, but escapes from his unnamed murderer escapes and does not show local policemen as soon as he is locally available. The hunting continues, and the cat-and-mouse game emerged between police and "mad dog" (as the police suggested him). Similarly, Mad Dog is accidentally stunted with a slow-thrown young girl, and he creates a bond between the two when helping out of a staggering situation. <br /> <br /> Mad Dog's sole objective is to get out of Hong Kong and back to Thailand as needed, and Cops tries to move him alive. Write down ten paragraphs about this complex and fully layered image, but I did not want to give it away. I saw the DOG BITE DOG, which I did not know about the mantle, and I think that's exactly the kind of film that I appreciate. Comparisons of old-style CATIII movies ... There are some similarities. Dog Bite Dog has some hyper-violent moments in the memory of "Good Ollen" days, but kill as a story or red that's never too memorable or terrible like vintage classics. The main purpose of older CATIII films was "shock" - the Dog Bite Dog is a very thought-out and well-rounded product (though it should not be anything away from those CATIII films, it's loved.). When the movie is much more "emotional" than robbery, and when we learn more about the characters and their backgrounds, the audience can start a relationship and recognize both sides. Mad Dog shows the movements of intense compassion and the cops bend to the most unusual methods of trying to kill the killer because the cut is "good" and "bad" guys. There is no nudity / sex in the film, a distinctive feature of older CATIII movies. Personally, I compared the DOG BITE DOG to the Park's SYMPATHY FOR MR. Vengens or perhaps Pong's brother's bangkok Dangerous, those two films are mixed with very emotional comments and are strong and unflinching action and violence. Again - I do not like much about this film. The film is dead, cinematography is sharp and well-worked, successfully combining a number of different items that are not quite visible to the whole film. CATIII movie's "Renaissance" - this movie (and others like it) - is not exactly - but it's very expensive, it's totally inspection worth ... 9/10
