Those who know very well about Asian cinema find that Japan is famous or notorious, because it is the most violent film and Korea is now famous for the brutal ruthless films. Dog Bites Dog is not cruel in the crucial efforts of the most crucial efforts of the Miak movie, or the crux of some of the Koreas, which is owned by its own brand of brands. While it is a great deal of Japanese or Korean efforts, the film is a great force, rather than removing it from the movie, the brutality actually takes up stories, but not the story. The two main characters are both very vicious individuals, such as their own motivations and emotional repression. For example, the character of Sam Lee, in the middle of the encounters with the character of Chang, is slow and essentially on the edge, because he knows why. Without much of this part of the story being abducted, it would be morally impersonal of his father. On the other hand, Chang's character is considered to be his most precious instincts, perfection, ruthless ability. Surprisingly, Chang's story's curve is not revealing more humanly, and actually reveals to one's nature of nature, which many forget, the natural ability to identify a fellow broken animal (and I'm not talking about Sam Lee's role as the worst dump girl of Pei Pei). Finally, one more, less or less, straightforward cat and rat, or dog chase dog, each encounter ends with at least one death (seriously, Sam Lee and Chang Square off, some die) and the fun part of the movie The law committee is never aware of who. This brings us to the weakness of the film. Anfunautale is another spoiler to enter it, but to keep it up, it is convincing to push one of the main elements of the film, then the film is to be pointed to 80 minutes to be emphasized for another 20 minutes or more. If transmitted from 80 minutes to climax, if the final action is not covered with sweet music (most of the film, music to a minimum, and perform disturbing sound effects), this can still work and will not be removed from the image. Although it's the third law to have the most vicious and bloody encounters, however, the way it handled feel tacked on it, and nearly all of the audience's surveillance insights, since it has gone over this distance to get across. However, there is a breath of fresh air from Hong Kong films, as the most bloody of martial arts films, even if it does not reach the level of tragedy and cruelty, the arc is kept in that role.
