Wow. If you think that an image is not fatigued in some way, then you do not see the dog bite dog. The film pulls any punches, and it does not shy away from showing the most disturbing images. Like Saul, this man shows us the human spirit of human spirit. It's hearty, dark, frustrating and disappointing, but it is one of the best films from Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The script is in the same way, thinking it is very cliche. It's about an awkward and steady detective in a cat and mouse game, mainly against a professional and emotional hitman. The script does not give anything new on the surface, which provides a lot of questions about the dark side of humanity. Is Violence Really Required? Are we more or less human, as we do not remember 5-year-old child without repenting? When we are angry with people we are working less than men wearing eyes, this is a sad truth. It's one thing the director is looking for brilliantly, without limiting himself at all. Unlike the cat and mouse chase, the script also develops two different story lines for the main characters. One is love, and other redemption. While the script is new, it is still great writing and it keeps you in the seat at all times. <br /> Acting is really good. Edison is amazing as Chen Hitman; He proves that he is not a pretty face. He goes beyond the brutal, the wicked and the likable. Sam Lee as an indispensable cop is also outstanding. Auxiliary cast, in short, is amazing. Music is also mentioned. The most durable score by Ben Cheung is that some of the crucial dark moments in the film have some effective lighting songs. Cinematography is good by Yen Mann. <br /> <br /> Overall, this CATIII film is highly recommended. Very well paced, very starring, awesome score and it's all just ultimately good. However, many have pointed out, this is not a movie for everyone. If you do not like strong violence, you should avoid this. If you do not like to see a huge disadvantage in the film, it's not for you too. Finally, a powerhouse, 8/10.
