It is remarkable and very admirable how writers and directors continue to make great films from one of the oldest and most (over) used story lines in the movie! The "dog byte dog" is much less common than the simple story of a single copper, which chases a spectacular criminal, just by pu-sui chang that separates his images by being contrary and violent. I have never seen one of the indefinitely and indefatigable movies, which are constantly coming out of hell with the atmosphere of blueliness and characters! Chan-Wuck Park's symbolic judgment (perhaps "Oldboy", except for some events) or any other infamous Cat- ever released in the "Dog Byte Dog". Pong is a young and ruthless Cambodian murderer, who tries to eliminate a veteran judge's wife at a restaurant in Hong Kong's crowded streets. When the police come to the place, young officer Vai Pong flees quickly and follows him. The first confrontation between two abrasive dogs, resulting in the largest blood bath, Pong kills the relentless hostages and kills Y's long-time friend and colleague. Since then an exciting and action-packed cat and mouse game begins with angry police and professional killer. The latter also saves a young girl from her father's constant sexual abuse and she is with her to shed in the local garbage dump. What are the themes of this routine action / thriller lovely (with no clear violence)? Pong, Hitman, was a Cambodian orphan and he was trained to fight the younger and kill for money. He does not know anything, no compassion and just one word does not speak. Y, the police, his role-model father (also a police) has been in the coma after a drug-related incident ever since and has become particularly cruel and conservative. Lye does not question suspects and witnesses; He yells them and he is prepared to sacrifice everything in order to stop his brand new hostile. People with weak stomach or tangled nerves suggest that the film should stay away from the film because the brutality and barriers in the "dog byte dog" can easily nauseate. This is not a kind of torture that is weakened by anemic heads and legs, like the type of severe and totally upsetting people trying to wound their opponents mentally and physically. The filming sites are effectively dark and strangely, and most serious music makes the film's already tough tone more enjoyable. The performances are amazing! I am not surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee treat each other as enemies, because their screen hype and disgust is a little too legitimate. "Dog Byte Dog" is a powerful and unforgettable movie, if you have a stomach. If you're not afraid, wait a few years for the inevitable American remake, which undoubtedly reduces the campus slightly.
