Many reviews say this is a weak point in Hamilton's small movie career. The film is somewhat different from the rest and it's best or worse depends on what you'd expect from a movie, and depends on what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> When Hamilton became a photographer, it was a little surprising. Although Bilitis has her books on the edge of the labourage, and in a book with each other, it is a story that combines these scenes with Lara's relationships (male-female, artist-model), but we're looking at beautiful photos, many of them more than his average Improved, their number is reduced for the plot. Both are different from Teatros Kayasins, which appear in the film rather than a combination of moving photos only by Hamilton. Hamilton is therefore more acceptable to a wider audience than a romantic comedy rather than fans (but not the German soft-core type - "Schummeldon Report" fans are very disappointed). You do not laugh too much, but you can smile (and you can not get out of Hamilton often). Unlike all other Hamilton films, the female age varies. Unlike other movies, the main character is a boy. Unlike his ordinary works, this time did not come out of place. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Hamilton (again) loses the script. In his hands. Under the shower, under the shower, in the gardens, under the tents, under the glasses, the whole amount of clothes - this is his territory, he can shoot minutes and hours, and he will always do the experience of the artist's eye and the back. But when he gives us an average daily life, he is Hamilton and is the average director of the script. Hamilton is known for his naked, but they are only part of his work. And in Tendres cousines we have a reverse situation: his girls are not the best shots. Nature, garden, house reminiscent of Hamilton's work (often neglected), girls, when he is naked, is not as unique as he gives us. Perhaps Hamilton is confronting a boy in front of the camera, perhaps thinking about a line that censorship is accepting, perhaps he is trying to do something new (and no one does not tell him no), but he is overlooked and he is highly appreciated.
