Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comic duo in history, and with lunch, I'm happy to see what their movies are. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) completed his Renaissance formula, and twenty years later, aging is capable of back. Ali and Stan are chimney sweeps that reach their work, and very quickly ally avoid making mistakes. The olive chimney goes to the roof to help the other end of the brush at the top of the chimney, but in the room Stan ends up pushing him back into the attic. After breaking an extension, Stan is replaced by a loading gun, a wall, and in fact it shoots the brush off. Stan climbs up, and Ali stands on the roof of the roof and stands on the greenhouse. Stan asks if he is injured, and Oly answers only "I can not say anything". Olly gets on the roof, and he and Stan end up in a tug, and ends in conquering and destroying the chimney in Olly. In the candles, many bricks fall back up in high hills, and Butler Jesse (Sam Adams) is covered in a chimney gray smoke, Oh, and Ali still does not say anything with Stan. When the guys decide to clean up the mess, and when the carpet is tearing with stun tears, Ali asks, "You can not do anything", and Stan talks, "I do not have anything to say", and he gets stuck on his head. Ali, having a bag in a boat in the Ashes, distorts them with drawing on the wall, and the Ashes ends throughout the Ashes trousers, so Stan gets another straw on the head. Professor Nodle will complete his formula and final test on a duck, lying in a tank in the water and ducking it into duckling. He shows the boy his success, changing duckling into an egg, and then proposes to use a human thing, ie his butler. When he goes out, the boys decide to test their formula, but Ali falls into the water tank with the whole principle of Stan. Finally, Olly once came to a monkey and asked Stan to talk to him, all Ali Ape said, "I have nothing" and Stan Wimbers. The classic black comedy with all the classic black and white and all that you like is a pleasant movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are ranked 7th in The Comedians' comedians. Very nice!
