This film was the first time when I was searching for a few works in the witch Stéphane Rideau and participated in the extraordinary ravishment due to the surprisingly beautiful «Les rosax sauvages» (Portuguese, Juncos Sylvester), by André Téchiné. I'm looking for the same movies when I'm coming of age. I earned a nomination by the Cannes Festival in 2000, and director Sebastian Lifesheitz found that I was the most surprising "Presque Ryan" film. The story is the two boys, the kind of "boy-girl", Matthew (Jeremy Elkom) and Cedric (Stephanie Rhydoo), who meet at the summer camp. In a landscape where he lives, Matthew spends days with his sister on the beach. Where he encounters Cedric, a local man who begins with this compound and exterior relationship with Stephen Rhydow, who contributed sensual and seductive personality (at age 6, in "Les rolexux savage", he was still in the sweet seducer's innocence and witch experience Matures here). In a simple and acceptable description of boys who are faced with romantic and sexuality and the first love, direct direction is to direct. First love, its terrible progress in ecstasy-despair. The best of the film is France's best: favorite love, warm and excited rationalism, wheat aesthetic, simple and natural acceptance by families, surprising and even outrageous. Also, there are expressive eyes of the beach, moisture, lightness and simplicity of the summer, freshness of the breeze, the melody of the surge, and the introverted Elkiam (sarcasm, hurt, pistled, passion). Sexually exploited or not exploited, but with any intentional intent. Due to the presence of pure talent, the work of an exceptional quality of play, without the slightest sentimentalism, displays the inevitable real image of two homosexuals in their mainstream youth, but the social fear of rejection and shame. It is particularly desirable to worship French films (though the DVD cover is very dull, with two castes between tens of stars, bright colors). An image witch, in my opinion, deserves an 8-9!
