'Prezzo Ryan' ('Come Andon') is an early work by former writer Sebastian Lifistz (with the help of the band Wilde by Stephen Bouckett, who later gave us the Wild Side). We come to understand each character in his writings more valuable in the narrative of the story. By the same coincidence that appears in the minds of chaos and insecure young people, the time has passed, the time has passed, the time is reflected, the time is expected, the time only - the lifshitz makes its stories more personal, with every aspect of the characters' responses. <br /> <br /> Matthew (beautiful and gorgeous Jeremy Elkam) visits the seaside for a holiday, which at one time his mother (Dominic Remand) struggled with his impulsive illness, worldly and intelligent aik (Mary Matheran) and his sister Sarah (Latia Learx ): Their distant father was at home for business reasons. In the first moments of the film and there are only images of the name of Matthew, discouraging, riding trains, talking to someone in a little recorder. <br /> <br /> When Matthew is quiet at the beach, we see his age at the age of a beautiful young man, and we feel that Matthew's emotions are frustrated with chaos. The youth Cedric (Stephan Rhydeau) follows Matt, and his sister's house, and continues to be the source of attraction. Soon Cedric Matthew and Sunni acquaintance introduce, which leads to a kiss of love. Matthew fears the direction he is taking, rejecting the public policies of Sedic, but seeks him to be exempt. Many young people share with the audience in many romantic and sensitive sequences so that they are in love and implement the physical aspect of this relationship and understand the story. Yet summer wears in Matthew, a committed student, Cedric finds a drifter working in a mating stand at a carnival. It is evident that the Madiell Apollonian is one of the Sedic Dionysian Partner: The sculptor is enthusiastic about the history and places of beauty at the time of the ruins of Matthew, but the new hiding for Cedric Lovemaking is only interested in this place. <br /> <br /> Matthew is a complicated guy, complex families and father who does not have current life, his growing sexuality, and Cedric His family relationships are facing newborn passions. Because of the inability of Cedic's infidelity and the inability of Mathieu to disrupt the moment of their happiness and eventually they follow the paths. As time passes, family changes are made, and Matthew suffers frustration, including a suicide attempt. <br /> Mathieu brings a climax, full-length climax, in the manner of struggling with all these challenges and Cedric's past lovers Pierre (Niles Ohlland). The concept of identification with these characters is very strong, and the desire to start the film from beginning with the full story of the story is very powerful. Lifshitz has given us a picture of meditation with passion, passion meditation, a silent image of silence and reversies that love us, and confidently beautiful. The whole cast is excellent and direction sensitive and provocative. Life shitz is one of the brightest lights in the making of the film very precisely. French with English subtitles. Highly recommended. Grady Harp
