Most of the people in this tag are hanging "children's picture", and this is perfectly made for adults. Tacashi Mike uses fantasy style, especially children's fantasy genre, a springboard for wild lands in the Great Yoko War. <br /> <br /> Setup a boy "hero" at this year's annual festival, is more than just what he intended to know his role. A fairytale, strange, strange, and often funny journey through the Japanese folk world is also a nasty villain who loses the desire to destroy the world. However, here the villain, not just the devil, it is the supposedly-soul of humans that "use" and "ignore" it accumulated resentment. Using a pure liquid hatred / angry room, the villain has transformed strong yoga souls into lifeless ten feet temporary robots, such as cutting for hands and eyes (video game, Sonic the Headgock, <br /> <br /> The hero in the film In fact, at least directly straightforward person character, especially the role of the man plays beautiful and cuddly of the Soviet "th Mukku "is a suddenly crazy world, like many of Yokohs who are really protective against murdered robots, some souls are really protective against umbrellas, talking walls, or life of living things, often not Caesar, Beans have a magic power in this magic of Yokoi's war Yokai souls, together with the only rally and after they mistakenly conclude the earth's invasion of the earth for a great Yogi festival, the villains secretly besiege, and only then dance to the wounded, And party. The film ends with a simple celebration and ends with the ultimate scene, with a teenage aging, with a teenage aging, with a final view showing our hero years of age. The villain being a soul, never really die. This conclusion, with Yokai's spirit, which is the spitting film of Pokémon, has warned not just to leave behind our childhood selves, but of the horrors of high consumption. <br /> <br /> When our imagination and myths are really dead, but the villain does not respect the world and the things around them (almost every object in the Japanese folkloric story) is concerned, so when we use and ignore the consumer society They are seen in modern video games, indicating that they are becoming dirty Unplugged, unplugged cleansing machines are replaced. <br /> <br /> This was one of the first scripts that Michael had had, and that it was likely to happen and sometimes boosted his passion for visibility. I focus more on the story (most of the users here seem to write it out), I work visually, stopping CGI's calluscope, animation, cloth and live hybrid. The film has a lot of dream quality and does not match comparisons with Miyazzah, Nevering Story and Labrain similarities, however, the film is sharper and bigger. Yoko is beaten, suppressed and turned into the machines of living hatred, killing some humans, twisting a man with a man's face and dying in film instrumentation, sexual intercourse, our boy hero, or a boy touching the thigh of a young scantily worn water spirit Long neck licking continuous memory, o for most western flavor Will linger a bit too long, especially in consideration of the "children's film". Nevertheless, it is not enough to care for young children without having to care for young children. <br /> <br /> All this and all of the visual play and great performances (which have Yoko souls) appeal to audiences of all ages and have a strong sense of adequate strength to grow adult audiences who brought their children), or to bring up their children or losing a long time Nostalgia concept for fantasy films. The next group was intentionally intending to ask for the continuous use of the world around them, but they were afraid of those spirits that were very close to childhood. Another beautiful, funny and real picture from a thrilling director who does not come close to his peak. Instant classic.
