This is probably the best television show I have ever seen. I first saw Comedy Central many years ago. At the time I dramatically summed up and saw three series in order and inadequate (thank you to the internet and your amazing "tubes series) I'm glad to have it again! I think the choice is Comedy Central sort and one of the series to make a" season " And chose their way through two ...... I tried to see friends and family, but no one really looked like new friends) So, on my own, I did the best it was, although I thought it was a bit deteriorating, I was forced to continue watching, shortly after I found Little Britain, I was influenced by Marjorie in the battles I immediately found Paulin from LoG, and I love the idea of ​​the writers who work in the whole program ... (not new, but here it is done in a sincerity) LB has nothing (no crime, Matt & David .... love you)! Actually a dark comedy. Serial murder, prescribed cannibalism ..... you name it and this is probably seen in TV art in this amazing, unique art. The scenes from the very first scene are cool and invite you to the town of Royston ... You will never leave! I feel my favorite character is tubs, but it has its own "charm" when filming each character. My favorite favorite Papa Lazarus, he is up to the series three (clever and completely unexpected) back surface! This leads to continuity and as I said earlier, it is better to look at a variety of episodes, you can not really see (when replying). It's not a weak stomach, kids, traditionalists or grandma (if you're missing a sassy grandmother)! I always liked British TV, especially comedies, from Benny Hill from Monte Python, the characters appearing from Red Darf, perfectly Fabulous and British Originals Coupling and The Office (but their US rivals ... sorry). It completely describes the line between fun and what is ill and distorted. Nothing, nothing on the US TV did not come close to this entertainment level. The US broadcast TV is very sad and lame, I can just stand up to see what it is. It is also a tragic kind of guts to show unedited versions of this gem (your loss, comedy central) on our cable channels. Fortunately, there are demonstrations like this from the whole media liberation throughout the decade "throughout the pond". In the US, the basic cable that has been in the past few years, "sexual things", graphical sexual content, drug use and adult languages ​​"crossed a few grooves" with self-confidence, but adult behavior, adult behavior (rather than just murdering and blowing things up, Shish, which is the same basic performance format for the past 35 years)! Do not even start in the US sitcom! Wasting time and waste waste our waste ...... Did you know "according to the gym" is wind for 10 years ??? 10 years ?? Anyway ... look at this show, get it on DVD, whatever you do, and then let your friends see it as well! You have never seen it. There are three distinct ones that I have not seen yet .... I am saving them for the next time he visits my best friend. He'll see them, I'll chain him and paint him with the excerpt! Lines and lines and lines and lines! Note that the big town has come up with new characters from one and two .... The laughter has gone on track (thanks to Bloody Hell), the theme is more band and less orchestral and a bit of story takes place outside Royston Wassy. Finally, no row should be thrown out, the series preserves the silent curve that first appeared in one and two in the series. I think this is sort of undefinable sort of sort of four guys. Gorgeous, confident and absolutely shameful. You would like to see again and again. It's amazing that within 5 seconds of the screen time they go out of the gag less attention to the terrifying blasphemy after the closure with an actors close up facial expressions. If I ever encounter writer / exhibitors, I would like to try to rebuild it or try to be at the top ... "Can I help you?" (If they'd probably slap me, I would ask you to sign a slap-sign)! 10 to 10
