How I'd like to lose friends & months, especially the fact that Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg starred. Simon Pegg is a comic intellectual and Kirsten Dunst is always a favorite actress of mine. How To Lose Friends & Elliot People Hit The Spot! Of course not perfect, but very enjoyable and funny. Sidney Young, who is designated by a high-profile magazine in New York City, follows the life of the British Celebrity Journalist. In the fabulous fashion Sydney enters high society and burns bridges with officers, peers and superstars. After breaking down a black incident by leading the wild boar, Sydney Sharp's editor Clayton Harding attracted attention and accepted a job with the New York City magazine. Clayton warns Sydney that if he wants to succeed he will be better and more appealing to everybody. Instead, Sydney immediately hurts insults and fellow writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He is an energy campaigner, Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson), who is interested in star campaigners. He also defeated his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sydney finds creative ways to annoy almost everyone. His guardian, the rising starlet Sophie Meys (Megan Fox), increases a bizarre love for him. Not long after, Allison's friendship can bring Sydney down and save only from his subjective pursuits. The storyline is very interesting and acting is topped by actors. Simon Pegg is still proud! Sydney is not like Sydney, but it is also true that you're rooting at the end of Sydney, though it's true that the shyness, vulgarity, and inconvenience is true. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges are great! Kirsten has the most wonderful acting and happy scenes, and Jeff Bridges just Jeff f * cking bridges! How do you love him? He makes Cleeton a bit more ridiculous and some smarter and loves you personally. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox, and Danny Houston are among the supporting actors. Everyone has their own personality, it's all beautiful, but it's just cinematic. One thing that I did not like is how some of the characters are a dimensional. I understand that most support is cast, but some cast incorrectly and given some spice to the film. Eliot People is never in the Top 10 films for anyone, or the best 10 comedies ever, but it has a lot of entertainment levels and some scenes are also appealing to you. How To Lose Friends & Elliott People is definitely one of the best romantic comedy of the year! 8/10
