It really took some views for me to wrap me around this one, but it's one of the horror headlines of Kali's Tears 00's and most realistic horrors goes on a realistic masterpiece. Anthology Horror, which takes on the story of the fictional Taylor-Ericsson group, which has a sequence of patterns in India, whose members are built on the search of ultimate self-pediatrics and psychotherapy, with years of negative consequences. Booked sections set in India are mainly made in three stories built in Germany, following the work of Tyler-Ericsson group, with some beautiful nasty nails. It's an interesting set-up of these things to go up, but the images for horror development of images sets the image apart so careful way of carefully arranged. Bad things are made and the general course of the film is the search for self-knowledge and ultimate treatment for patients, pain remedies, and horror to others, and the film deals with visual reliance on the dark forces of the dark forces, where the dark forces do not occur with time, space, or personality. Its good examples deal with a journalist interviewing a woman in the first story, especially in a mental hospital. Before this story we saw Lars Ericsson and especially his Wunky (lazy?) Eye, we see him healing or a patient. Lady's mental patient Ericsson continues to cure a fellow patient, and in her fellow patients she has a pair of lasers from the art class run by one of her companions, a face like lazy face Eriksson. There are also folk instructions in the characters, extras and walks of the characters that contain additional sensory perceptions of what's going on in the film, to spread and exhibit a disadvantage of others. The film is philosophically more than just a bad movie, a movie about death, suffering and possible redemption is committed to the construction that has emerged from Hindu beliefs, it seems to be exploitative, beliefs rather than anticipation (at least from research on Wikipedia). Writer / director Andreas Marshall deserves some important credit for his expertise to build the film perfectly. The film is very beautiful, the soundtrack of Bharti India and Panama John has a great piano jingle and the Michelin Baloon is a freakist and Kora Chilcott is a freaky patient. The third story also has a good turn from Matthew Carrie's faith healer. The film's biggest problem is that it's not a lot of time involved because it loses the fear but this and other performances have to achieve a pretty well-connected couple. So the film is very rare, acting is rare and very serious, but I think it's pretty great if it's less than its brightest shade. I like it for the adventurous horror fans.
