Where is this picture when I was a child? Tadashi, with all his parents, moved with his mother after leaving his parents. Thadashi's sister is with their father and often speaks on the phone. Every third day grandfather was only "here". Mothers never came home. Children are always choosing a poor kid. At the village ceremony, Tadashi was chosen as "Kirin rider" or spiritual winner of peace and justice. <br /> When he joined the dark forces with the anger of the things he ignored in a trajectory aimed at the destruction of mankind and the spiritual world, he did not really doubt that he was really a hero. <br /> The easy part. Now the hard part of trying to explain this movie comes. <br /> <br /> It is a great children's picture. This great movie, flawed, (very flawed?) But a great picture none less. This is a great deal of great books you have loved as a child and tadashi is very dense at times due to the power to become a hero. I saw this reading a great book, and I saw how big it is. The film did not follow a simple path. Occasions occur frequently or by misunderstandings, as a foot sucks into the events as a foot is falling asleep. Turns and turns and moments appear as non-sequiters and are more appealing for them (as is Mike), which is exactly Takashi Mike movie. The Japanese master of cinema is apparently featured in the movie, often scary and funny at the same time. No one except Mikeque has many emotions at the same time, or that things suddenly turn out, and then the latter in the dark, and then the following funny. I appreciate the fact that Mickey made a film that was both dark and hopeful, not scary, I was really scared, especially for kids. It should be in Harry Potter films but it is rarely the same dark landscape. This dark grims story with humor. My first reaction on looking at the opening movie was that I could not believe that the end of the film would begin to film an image at the end of the movie, then I realized who was doing the film. Hats are capable of capturing pictures of children that can be fired to Mickey. <br /> It works more than one level. Mechanical demons that make bad guys have been duplicated from ignorant wastes of mankind. The sands of the sand that throw the sand. They talk about Yoki (spirits) about the raging sneakers because they are dirty or too small when they are thrown. That is a human thing because you are one of the good guys refusing to join the bad guys. Its wild concept, but like the other things around it, the film looks to another level. (Although many parents were not able to understand them, the movie was a surprise to other movies, TV shows and novels, and there were very good references and instructions) and actually were monsters. They run the gamut of cheer from the chest with every break between them. Apparently you have to forgive the inequality of their creation because they have hundreds of thousands of monsters on the screen. Its way is cool and it works. One of the main characters is Yoko, which is described as a rodent in a world and is often played by a stuffed animal, which is dumb and yet you love every moment that encourages a little bugger and tadashi head on the head. (Even if you have seen the old woodcut of unnatural Japanese giants is also easier) I mentioned errors, and there are some. The effects are uneven, some sudden turns are slightly odd (though meaning) and a few other things are diminished after a few hours after watching the film .. If any of them really hurt the movie, I love this movie. Everyone knows that it was my favorite film if I saw a child. (See English dub here?) See this movie. Its a great trip. (With good access to Michael Minus the blood and graphic sex films)
