This was aired on TV yesterday, so I decided to check it out. This is one of the last Bruce Tim / Paul's DTV projects related to their older 1992 Batman The Animated Series, after which Batman returned to his new Batman series with Jeff Matsuda, but this new Batman story was a movie portrayal of the new Vigilante version called Batwoman, To stop him from practices Saran looks, and this time the hands of Rupert Carlton Duquesne pegyun and family issues) and a villain (it was later revealed in the film), an arms smuggling operation, they also gave batlomanku grace. Question: Who is this mysterious bathroom and is it likely that they could be one more then? It is up to Batman to solve this mystery and stop the penguin's latest operation. For an animated film, it's very complex plot and good tone, it's fine. Another plus is the penguin's full redesign, which looks like the sophisticated Mob boss, seen in comics, unlike his previous designs from Tim Burton's perspective of the Pentium (sewer rat and circus leash). Although the film has a love subplot, it has never been performed so far and has not survived the film like Batman Forever. Voice acting is standard for these live-video-video projects (Batman: Mask of Phantasam took this route), Kevin Conroy still shines as Batman / Bruce Wayne. And as I said though I have been running some very small 80 minutes, it manages to make a pretty good (and complex) storyline full of bucket loads of some small twists and reactions. There are a few downsides, however, Nightwing can be seen somewhere, and I'm sure there's a couple clicks, even though Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne are just references, Tim Drake (aka Robin) makes the film very much and frank, I've always seen Paul Dini and Bruce Tim's Batman is not a big fan of character design (especially post-BTAS performances in their Batman), The New Adventures of Batman and Robin, well, good Batman is then a well-constructed person (like The Batman Model from Jeff Mattsuda). Bruce Wayne seems a bit awkward, that blue eyes make him look like Clark Kent then Bruce (although they look very alike). Another misconception is that Rupert's throne (he has a clue about why he is in this deal, but he has goons and what is the cut of the deal?) Or he gets hurt every time. He counts how many times a shot is counted in this picture and you're surprised, at least Rental value is a good Batman animated film.
