<br /> <br /> Although WB is currently working in the Justice League 5 years after the end of the series, this animated film is a welcome addition to the video library. Why? Batman and Robin's 15 episodes of the adventures were greeted by Fantasy's Mask Batman: The Animated Series and Subzorro's first 70 episodes, and congratulated the last 24 episodes of Batman's Mystery Batman's Gotham Knight's version. Kevin Conroy once again gave voice over performance, which is the best and most perfectionist. When I hear about Batman and what I think of Batman's old 50 comics, I agree that I'm a bit tricky. But I retained this film as you imagined the role of Bathroom, her appearance, her dress (I was inspired by Bruce Wayne to dress up in Batman Wane) and by Bathtolman all the way. If you want to know who's batman, buy or rent a DVD. Barbara Gordon plays a guest role and I try to point out that writers Bruce and Barbara have something to do with Beyond Beyond. Tim Drek appears to be Robin, but his role is small and unfortunately, Dick Grayson does not mention the alphabet of Alice Knighting, believing he has founded himself in Bloodhaven (his city in the comics). /> <br /> Three suspects for Batwoman, my favorite is Katy Duquesne, who looks a lot like Halle Berry. One of the other suspects, Kelly Ripa, has done a great job. When it comes to the villains, one of the penguins is happy, but they are replaced by Paul O'Villiams with David Ogden Strears. Peenze is not correct. The same thing goes for Robin. The new guy was okay, but I started to adapt to Matt Valencia, who were in his place. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, voiced by Carlton Dukesne, is now the Joker's voice in the series "The Batman". And we finally see what looks like Rupert Thorn has been restored since he has not shown Gotham Knights episodes. The late John Vernon will be missed. I enjoyed Henry Silva's Bane Voice, and if he had to be replaced, they got the right person in the form of Hector Elizondo. I only wish I could use the new version of the two phases, Ridler or Scarecrow. <br /> The musical score and especially the soft-sounding intro are excellent. I'm in a soundtrack and I am especially enjoying the beautiful and talented Cherie in the Iceberg Lounge with her song, Becha Neva. If some people feel weak with the masculine of the Fantas and Subgaro, I can see it as strong and enjoyable, as I have said before, but I think it will give me a good balance whether Batman's Gotham Nights version is completely complete. I would recommend renting this DVD first before buying at least for this movie rentals, but individually, it is worth buying. I give the bathroom's mystery to 9.
