Robert Culpp (they call his character "doctor" ... he thinks he is a vet or something) and move to a wealthy, low-tax, zero-law enforcement suburb family. Some local idiot neighbors are drunk and lantern-jaws of the lantern and his dog almost killed when his "go cruising" by his front yard at 60mph. <br /> <br /> Marilyn Mason, Er, Marilyn Mason, plays his cheerful, broth character, tensions, children's years, and suddenly the victims of a violent and disturbing prank campaign by him and his family. -For his wife, he is not to use violence against his sneering nemeses, and really just wants to move somewhere with good public services. But the system is nowhere near to Culp, and he left his house due to some punk kids and their crazy rock and roll music. <br /> <br /> When villain hooligans do, we all know that the system is failing ... (but it is based on the true story). They have a favorable '70 fun-o-matic "young" theme music that warns us when it's up to good, the film is actually ending with the brackets of the age-by-hand (really!). It's not a big deal out of it. However, if you like dogs (or if you believe in protecting their civil rights like me), and you are like justice, and you will be a fire, the path of fire, and the people out of the troubled communities you out nervously " "Then think of the culture of this film is your alley. No, it really is "not good," at least not in the widely recognized sense of the word. There is nothing subtle or lacking or intelligent about it, which is a feature-length PSA's sort of visigament. It is, however, the other, dear tasks to capture the feeling of some memorable scenes. Remember, in Batman Miller's The Dark Knight Returns when Batman drives Mutants in horseback riding to regain the city of Gotham? When a Christmas story is reminiscent of that scene, the boy is put on the face of the bully? Remember how good it is Or do your neighbors look funny? <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this was my 1973 TV-TV film, I was caught in 4th of my local WB affiliation and was not intended for DVD release. But after the film was inspired, I sat here and took it out ?!
