"Ice Age" is one of the cartoon films produced by Blue Sky Studios and was released to the company's first ever in 2002. Scott voiced the voice of Chris Weidz, and please note: the sound of Scrat's screams from Tom and Jerry cartoons), a wooly mammoth Mani (voiced by John Legagizo of "Titan AE") and Diego A thin tiger named (penned by Denis Lyery of Pixar's "Bugs Life"). /> <br /> Movie tries to save the acorn with a scallet and then on the right, he created a sudden move. We can see that we are going to the south for the upcoming ice age (except for the mummy and the other mammoths see him). Sid came out of his cave and his family left him. He then pays toll with some aardvarks. Unfortunately, Sid wants to mingle with him, with a female orange sloth. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, a nearby human race, Soto (Goran Wiszak, voiced), A nasty noise pale tiger, half of his pack his son, Roshan, steal him away to repay the leader of the tribe. The Oscar (voiced by Didrich Bader), and Zeck (voiced by Jack Black), but the leader's wife escaped with Roshan and gave him a manny and a sid. And when Rosine went back to his tribe, he also met him There are also supporting roles, along with the wolf's pawn used by Rosine's tribe, and a fat woman's purple jacket named Jennifer (Jane), along with Monni, Sid, Diego, Scrott, Silvia and Roses. Krakovsky vocals) and Sard Roses to whom they have been rested in the tarpaulin Rachel (Lari Bagley Voice) is a woman's yellow sloth. Incidentally, two rhinos, the Sedig the Entertainer of Madagascar of Madagascar, and Frank (known as the "Finding Nemo" of Pixar's), have destroyed their lunch and have simple little characters. They also went to Dados to use the same food items as their food. <br /> <br /> The clothes in the film are very fun. For example, Manny talks through her trunk, "I'm not going!" When Jennifer and Rachel come out of the pit, Sid asks Jennifer "We go to the gene pool and see what's going on?" Jennifer responded to him, "What do you say if you jump into the TAR pit?" Rachel then knocked off Sid in the next one. Sylvia sees Diego holding his neck with his teeth and asks Sid if he holds his breath, tells Diego to eat him and walks instantly. <br /> <br /> "Ice Age" was a success, but it had 2 sequels: the first was "Ice Age: The Meltdown", which was released in 2006, and the other is "Ice Age: Dinosaurs of Dancers", the following year Is going to be released. What Ice Ice Age: Dinosaurs Dawn "I can not wait to see.
