The slummer tricked Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore), resident into the girls locker rooms where she tells her to get undressed in the miner minx Carol Manning (Caroline Munro) shower where the High Doddsville County starts out like any other day at High School Carroll's gang of friends come April Fool In the joke of the day, when the girls were shot on his head in the toilet, To give a big surprise. The school sports coach (Mark Smith) rescues Marty and chastises a gang that has severely blamed Martine, when he decides he is playing again, at this point he is out of hand and marty explodes and nitric acid face. Years later & the whole gang is now invited to class reunion at the closed school, they all approach only they discover them. <br /> In fact, they are not only when Marti comes back, they will take revenge on his mind. In the same year, the American English co-production was exceptional, including writers & directors, George Duddale, Mark Ezra & Peter Litten (director's three films with credit now I see Jean-Claude Van Damme's film Kickboxer (1989) I have to say I liked Slaughter High though I really had a pretty bad reputation.It is a pure contradictory slazer film which I like about the script and does not try to put anything on it, just the genre rules, short comings & tappipping & games. Whatever it promises, I thought it was alright of the character, although the story is somewhat different, although there is little need to get teens inside a lonely place, some killer can close them at a time, and I also love the twists that eventually end up Flatter for Slaughter High gets a lot. The first half starts slowly, but the second half will kill one cycle after another. <br /> <br /> Although the slater high of three credit directors changed pretty much, I saw this picture. Image too. The unique all-space space in a particular climate is that school and makers have a good storm, as well as some good photography at the end, where there are many excellent continuous continuous stamdemam tracking shots following Carol by various californians. It's certainly not nice enough though it's not particularly beautiful & professionally made. Other good sheep, including dead bodies, were used to dissolve people who are acidic, impellers, stomach blasts, face-to-face and dead, as well as sinking in the fennel material! <br /> Technically this film is better than expected, and the lowest budget horror trick is to be released today, but I thought it was a low budget. Set in America is clearly depicted in England. Harry Manfredi is another sound that sounds like his other musical scores, usually the theme from the 13th (1980) from & sequels. Anyone living here in the UK is probably Billy Hartman in Emmerdale Farm (one of our most popular top soap operas) as he was a tribute to Terry Woods! Most horrific fans recognize Sexy Caroline Munroe in a rare visual role. Legendary Exploitation Producer Dick Randall has filed a slate on Hail and is actually a porn producer in the film ... talk about titiking! <br /> <br /> Slater Hai is a dark movie I like most, did you see it? ? I did not really say great and I said I liked it at a personal level and the lack of imaginative storyline and story probably I can not recommend it but I can say I do not like it, what you want. If you ever decide to check it, make sure you're seeing the uncorrected version. If your slasher fan flick, Slaughter High does not change your mind, but if you look for your simple and effective slasher it will be much worse.
