This is a documentary from the Canadian Landscape Photographer's Excellent Work, whose interest is long in the damages or losses left on the ground by man's buildings. It starts with a vast factory complexity, involving many small things, making parts of high-tech devices; It's not really clear. How big is the space and how many people are and how they emphasize their falling out of small yellow jackets. The photographer, who works on a tall structure, is still in the film to do a series of these people outside the factory, and he speaks with his staff. It is the world of relentless industrialization. Nicholas Gerrhalter's happy cool documentary about the food industry 'this daily bread' is not even presented without a human voice. The 'landscaped landscapes' e-waste and a town (many towns, really) have pictures of people wiping out with a large dam, a bowl uses a big chopstick than a bowl with her little neighborhood with a small trademark of a little girl. Those scenes in some of the scenes and dangerous workers in some dangerous and dangerous locations may have been shot unnoticed by the premier exigent photographer Sebastia Salgado. But this photographer is not interested to see people close. His orientation puts somewhere between cold, neutral, modern landscape photographs of Salgado and Lewis Baltz. <br /> <br /> All the photographers in China are black and white around a large shipbuilding site in Bangladesh. It is substantially supported by music in a new age industrial style, soothing and suppressing. There are many good stills in the photographer's work - or some of them have been produced by filmmakers? This is not clear. <br /> <br /> The name of the photographer to Edward Buttonys. We see people wandering through his beautiful work shows - carefully drawn viewers with a beautiful glow camera colored pictures big dramatic prints. The irony is that Burtynsky makes such distinctive and spectacular images especially in damaged places, and are usually dispiriting and boring to the eye. He admits that he does not take political stability. While the film's cinematographer Peter Matttler's ability to compare his paintings with the roaming eye, Burinski's work is almost a type of hue and false verification. <br /> <br /> "If we look closely, he will tell us how much of their photographs are designed to be destroyed and neglected by their complete dark story. <br /> <br /> It is logically, but completely fortunate, The Voice-Over film is a feature film, which is Bütte's. "Butny's" Epiphany "has been doing well for decades But they run out of the ground irreparably, are based on oil, they run out, and China enters a massive industrialization sport that will eventually deteriorate the fossil fuel, and the newly created ideas of 'made landscapes' are much higher. The following are the reasons: <br /> <br /> The title 'Prepared Landscapes' has a poorly developed concept because of the limitations of the narrative. It also looks like an inappropriate. They are new landscapes, but they are a sub-product of "product" rather than "prepared". 'Landscapes of waste' or 'waste landscapes' can be good titles. The documentary has more room for searching more intelligently in the movie about the subject matter; And those who want to know more about Edward Bourdinsky are at the top of their books or exhibits.
