As soon as I know that Keira Knightley is in the film, I say, "I want to see this movie." Her undisputed main character, Domino, was a bounty hunter. Her "job" and "no action" scenes teach us, her rebellion reflects the violent attitude of life. I have to admit that most action scenes are the first time watching a action movie away from the hands of the guns. So, it hit me a bit. However, all fans of John Woo are falling, helicopters falling, explosions, shootings and a fascinating kaira that fires with two machine guns. The cast is absolutely brilliant. Mickey Rourke goes with his usual slap-thrown face and his powerful body that goes beyond the very pretty Kira in the lovely action movie we see in the film. Christopher Walken made his job as a producer of the reality show. <br /> <br /> Let me go to the subject: Talk Show Seen is "Disgusted" the truth. Anybody who saw that load. . . You-know-what, you can tell that the air that you breathe in those situations. He also replied that the producer, "I will take a guilt", when he told the reality of Domino's mother Dominous's "reality, trash, no crime". The film portrays a difficult life. She was not a bounty ", she did not want to" come from the world, "and" alphabetical instances, "and Alf, during the Russian occupation The driver / bomber coming from Afghanistan This group represents something human being born without "shirt"; unfortunately, violence And they do not have anything to lose, their (as they may be) painful lives.The introduction of the film is "inspired by the true story, more or less", so I can not say how true this is, however, explosions and dozens go beyond the weapons ( It's easy to see the movie, and "attached" to classify as an action movie), characters <br /> <br /> The role of a very psychiatrist (Lucy Liu is not as intelligent in his acting career) is not convinced that Domino The only reason to start telling the story (and this is a story). Probably, "Pros" is the only "con" in one film. <br /> All this is not "SWAT". Characters are designed; They have an identity and shape. They have only the name and surname (just "gamble" and "street"). It's the case to say, it's a girl who went as fast as a bullet in a biographical life.
