Pre-Notification: I'm sure someone is playing the race card here, but when I see the preview for this movie, "last!" I have not seen a movie that is mainly a blackie about the popular African-influenced dance (which is famous hip hop movements, breaking, or stepping out). I came up with a black hood that was not known about hip hop and came up with its medieval job (Breakin, Breakin 2, Lost Dancing, Up The Up Saved, Last Dance), but I'm not black in this movie. Hip hop, African-influenced dance, and Blocks and Latynos have always hurt me in breaking down these huge sets and this is not the men who have always performed, so the film is too long. Nevertheless, the race did not make this movie, so I wanted to take the unbelievable plot. Dance is fun; <br /> <br /> Pros: I brought this Jamaican culture and I really enjoyed this film. All the major characters I can not see is the main, major film in Jamaica. Reliable accents; And is not stereotypical with beanies. Steppers, family, friends, and "thugs" are also really intelligent, real people, living in and living in the neighborhood. Although the audience knew the main character's sister had chosen an alternative lifestyle, it still did not make platinum. I was satisfied with what I painted. I love the foundation; The romantic flirty relationship taking place between the two steppers; The main character's parents were tested; And how she was dealing with her return to her old neighbors and dealing with barrel crabs. I thought she was smart and aggressive at the same time, and many other films in the film were performed in a staged world. They are all just as wonderful as they have fallen. <br /> <br /> Cons: I'm not sure why you are together with directors or who you put together. , But they questioned whether they had come to real-time programs. Every hip hop takes place by hand / foot blows whenever they step to step by step. In the real step show, zero is required for music, rather than enjoying groups in groups. And then when playing hip-hop songs, sometimes the song's beat steppers' hands and feet are beat off. It's awkward. In the women ("Strap the Yard", Allen got all of a few seconds good because I got the terrible representation of the boys because I stepped up in this film versus "Strap the Yard" (another great foundation film) some divine twist and hair flip and (Deltas ?) A hymn and some steps went out and immediately deleted). Despite the very small sequences, the ladies, especially in the auto store, drowned in their physical music without the music. <br /> <br /> I'm not a fan of Kyle, I know that every time I watch, all the soundtracks are sold. I'm thinking "Is it written in the script if she wants to keep her hand on her hip when she talks?" She looked uncomfortable on the screen. Instead, I thought they would use a host like free or racy. Dare Davis is as fun as ever. Moreover, when I think this film should be in the ghetto, I will hear. Hollywood, as always. <br /> <br /> The two viewers who played the lead role in the film have been filmed by their neighbors and losers, and many people are innocent. <br /> <br /> This film gave me five stars, for me. When it comes out I will definitely plan to buy and hopefully bonus scenes are displayed in the original stage without all the songs.
