Canadian director Kari Skagland's Margaret Laurence novel The Stone Angel Ellen Bourdin's film Hagar Shipley, a proud and wealthy woman, wants to be independent until her nineties, and stubbornly refuses to stay in her nursing home Marvin. కెనడాలోని మానిటోబాలో చిత్రీకరించారు మరియు మనావాకాలోని కల్పిత పట్టణంలో ది స్టోన్ ఏంజెల్ దాదాపు అర్ధ శతాబ్దం వరకు కెనడియన్ ఉన్నత పాఠశాల ఆంగ్ల తరగతుల్లో చదవడానికి అవసరమైన పుస్తకం యొక్క సరళమైన మరియు సాంప్రదాయిక వివరణ. <br /> <br / హాగర్ యొక్క తల్లి సమాధి మీద నిర్మించబడిన ఈ రాతి విగ్రహం నుండి చిత్రం యొక్క శీర్షిక హాగర్ యొక్క గందరగోళమైన జీవితకాలంలో భావోద్వేగాలను వ్యక్తం చేయడంలో అసమర్థతకు ఒక రూపకం వలె పనిచేస్తుంది. Her wealthy father, she is a bit too compelling to fully understand the ego-driven, self-losing character who managed to break up with her well-meaning non-alcoholic husband, and her two sons, bringing weakness and humor to Bertstein's role. She is sick, "I fear my ghost, the devil who made me ghost." /> <br /> civil home to spend his last days <br looking, looking back at the life of Hagar, she sees her failed relationships, kaligina story. The story begins with the dance that is a little girl. Her husband, whom she met by her aunt Dolly, meets a poor farmer named Bram Shipley (Cole / Wings Houser), who had previously been married, and her city has been associated with the local American population. Young Hagar was featured in her first role, featuring Christine Horn. Hagar's determination, despite the cold and rigid in her relationship with her father refused to Brando, who refused to attend the wedding begins with the marriage of marriage is wrong. This will be further intensified by abandoning the amount of money in the town of Manavakal and denying the living conditions of poverty. /> <br /> according to the movements of his marriage <br go, the top division in the town of Hagar was from social activities. When her two sons, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Gegers) were producing, she could not afford the love they needed. "Every happiness I should have in my happiness in my man or my child or in the morning," she said, "everyone is disappointed with the lack of proper performances." Like the Bible Hagger, who runs into the desert sahincaleka more sahanabhagalanu was his pride, and go to live in Ontario manavakanu hagar Shipley finally returned to the farm. <br /> <br /> The scene is now back, Hagger fled to an abandoned house near the sea, where she met Leo (Luke Kirby), a young man in her nursing home to stay away from her nursing home by Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthy) She is interested in her and strengthens herself to be responsible for the mistakes she made in her life. Stone's Angel completely pulls all emotional stops, but does not fully develop its roles in any aspect of the story's story, even though it's an enthusiastic performance by Ellen Page like John's dedicated but innocent girlfriend and moving final scenes. Until the second half of the film.
