In this critically acclaimed psychological thriller based on true events, Gabriel (Robin Williams), a famous writer and host of the late talk show, becomes captivated by the terrible story of a young listener and his adoptive mother (Toni Collette "questions arise about this boy's story, however, Gabriel wakes up in a widening mystery that hides a deadly secret" according to the official synopsis of the film. YOU MUST STOP reading these comments and watch the movie NOW ... How did the foot lose? is over, and Mrs. Collette plans her new life, she should be cut and sent to the "deleted" land. It's too much. The true nature of physical and mental illness should be evident until Mr. Williams returns to New York. Eventually, her blindness could be questioned - but a revelation could have been provided either in the "highway" scenes or in the "video tapes". The film would benefit from a re-editing - what about a "director cut"? <br /> <br /> Williams and Bobby Cannavale (like Jess) do not seem as credible as a couple. A scene or two setting their relationship could have helped set the stage. Otherwise, distribution is exemplary. Williams offers an exceptionally strong characterization, and not a "homosexual impersonation". Sandra Oh (like Anna), Joe Morton (as Ashe) and Rory Culkin (Pete Logand) are all perfect. Best of all, Collette "Donna" belongs to the frightening hall of the famous. Mrs. Oh is right to say that Collette might be, "you know, as the psycho guy." There have been a few years when actor-awarding organizations seemed to get to women because of a less scattered roles; security, would have noticed Collette with a few award considerations, and it's good. "And director Patrick Stettner certainly recalls Hitchcock-even making a sandwich from an automaton suspense.Finally, writers Stettner, Armistead Maupin and Terry Anderson deserve gratitude from those who fly everywhere. <br /> ******* The Night Listener (1/21/06) Patrick Stettner ~ Robin Williams, Toni Collette, Sandra Oh, Rory Culkin
