Without shelter (or homeless, as George Carlin said) it has been a matter for years, but never a plan to help those on the street who once were considered people who did everything from going at school, working or voting the issue. Most people think that homeless people are just a cause for concern while worrying things like racism, war on Iraq, pressures on children to succeed, technology, elections, inflation, or worry if they are going to get to the streets. But if you had given a bet to live on the streets for a month without the luxury you once had in a home, entertainment sets, a bath, wallpapers, a computer, and everything you had once to see what it means to be homeless? This is Goddard Bolt's lesson. Mel Brooks who heads Bolt plays a rich man who has everything in the world until he decides to make a bet with a rival sissy (Jeffery Tambor) to see if he can live on the streets for thirty days without luxury ; if Bolt succeeds, he can do what he wants with a future project to make more buildings. The bet is where Bolt is thrown on the street with a bracelet on his leg to monitor every move he can not get out of the pavement. He gave his pseudonym Pepto a vagabond after being written on his forehead, where Bolt meets other characters, including a woman named Molly (Lesley Ann Warren), a former dancer who divorced before losing her home, and friends they, Sailor (Howard Morris) and Fumes (Teddy Wilson) who are already accustomed to the streets. They're survivors. Bolt is not. He is not accustomed to reaching mutual understanding when he was rich where he is fighting or flying, killing or being killed. While the love between Molly and Bolt was not necessary to plot, I found "Life Stinks" is one of Mel Brooks' observable films, where before being a comedy, she shows a delicate part compared to his work of such as Saddle, Young Frankenstein or Spaceballs for matter, to show how valuable it is before losing it the next day or on the other hand makes a bad bet like all rich people when they do not know what to do with their money. Maybe I should give it to the homeless, instead of using it as monopoly money. Or maybe this movie will inspire you to help others.
