(1) Robin Williams, Toni Collette, Bobby Cannavale, Rory Culkin, Joe Morton, Sandra Oh, John Cullum, Lisa Emery, Becky Ann Baker. (Dir: Patrick Stettner) The Hitchcockian suspension gives Williams exceptional performance. What about celebrities and fans? What is close paranoia, one associated with the other, and why is it almost the norm? <br /> <br /> In the latest distraction scenario, based on true events no less, Williams plays as a spoken radio personality named Gabriel Nimeni, who reads stories he has written over the radio waves and has accumulated an interesting fan in the form of a boy named Pete Logand (Culkin), who has written a manuscript about the pain of his troubled young man to Noah's editor, Ashe (Morton), who gives it to anyone to read alone. Nobody is bothered naturally, but eventually is intrigued by the existence of Pete's nightmare being abducted and sexually abused for years, until he was eventually rescued by a a nurse called Donna (Collette giving a great performance) boy, but her correspondence with no one reveals that Pete dies of AIDS. Of course, no one wants to meet with the fans, but suddenly comes to doubt their possible future motivations when the seeds are planted by his estranged lover, Jess (Cannavale), whose sudden departure from the New York City apartment has anyone in an emotional tailspin just now grew up in a storm in a cup of tea when he decides to do some investigation into Donna and Pete's past discovering some truths he did not anticipate. Written by Armistead Maupin (who co-wrote the script with ex-boyfriend Terry Anderson and Stettner) and based on a true story about a fan frenzy that has been discovered has some Hitchcockian moments running on a full inclination like that do any old-fashioned old bots. It helps Williams perform as a controversial personality who really wants to believe that his number one fan is really true and loves him (the only thing that has escaped his reality) and has a few dreadful terrifying moments with creepy Collette, whose physical feature I will leave unchanged, but underscores the desperation of her character who can rattle you to the core. Nevertheless, the film leaks out of the gas and eventually becomes a bit repetitive and predictable, despite Stettner's fine piece of food and mystery, it's worth listening to your own inner voice: watch out for what you're hoping for.
