When it comes to movies, I can be quite pretentious, and I'll complain about anything and everything that's wrong. While each film has its flaws, The Night Listener had an extremely low number. If you read the last review (it was hard because half of it was written in caps and did not contain any real information about the movie), maybe you were led to think that this movie was not doing well. Unfortunately, if you read more than 3 rows in the same review, you have discovered the reason for the contempt of the poster: he does not like the fact that the director is gay (or that the production team smokes crack ... apparently). <So, despite the fact that I have never written a review before, I thought that this film deserves one based on its merits, not on the director's sexual orientation. Let's first go through a quick checklist: 1. Great plot? Absolute. I will not give up this, but the plot is very convincing and certainly not what is expected based on the advertisement. This is a thriller, not a horror, and should be approached as such. The story will truly dazzle you, the more it is true (and the plot remained fairly true to the real events). Wonderful? Oh yes. Robin Williams broke up with comedy-like distribution chains and since then has flourished in serious roles for which many people would have written him just a decade ago. Once again, he reaches a tall form in his role in The Night Listener, playing a radio station that gets more and more troubled and embarrassed in a case ... well, I'll let you see for yourself. <br /> <br /> 3. Excellent direction? Surely. Now, unlike the other poster I have mentioned, I know something about the direction. I kidnapped the art of going to school three years ago. Of course I do not think that makes the difference (the only thing that matters is if you like the direction), but I thought I should re-launch that I base my opinions here on something both noun and noun relevant ... for example : not the sexual orientation of the director (or the alleged drug habits of the production team, LOL). Patrick Stettner's direction was moody and dark, and allowed angles and enlightenment to help create those feelings so "sought after" by "tension and liberation," rather than the dirty and fast work of the room, and the rapid reductions we are so often subject to today. Some people can really show you a story through their room, while others feel like they should do the story with the room. I appreciate a lot when someone in these days has the courage to use the camera just as it should have been used, which is like an eyeball through which we all see. Lighting, cinema and editing? Great everywhere. I have already written so much, and I could deal with the last three things for ten other paragraphs, so I'm gonna pack it. In short, visit this movie. Do not listen to those who have misleading motives to destroy them, especially if they are so stupid that they unknowingly reveal why 1/4 of the way through the post. Enjoy the show! -benzoic
