Titanic has to be one of my favorite movies. She has his problems (what the movies do not have), but it is still nice. When I'm hindering someone who asks me why I like Titanic, I think my first reaction is "wait a minute, do not you?" I know so many people who do not like this movie and do not say I do not see why. The love story is too dark, well, yes, but is not it pleasant and moving? All right, the love story between Jack and Rose is very unrealistic, everyone knows that love like that does not really exist. a movie, everyone enjoys watching a beautiful story that lets us slip into fantasy for a while? The next complaint, DiCaprio and Winslet, are terrible actors. Well OK, in this movie, I agree that they but I think it is unfair to say that they are terrible actors. I personally think they are both very talented actors who, unfortunately, are very famous for a movie they do not have amazing But the roles I give are simple and the characters seem pretty real you can care less, but I agree with many people that they did not do as they could have expected. And finally, if someone complains that they do not like this movie because they hate romance or because they hate history or tragic films, then I'm sorry, but why they went to the ground and saw a movie that is both Clearly all these things. It's like people who complain that The Dark Knight is a bad movie because I hate action movies. Simply to be a movie, not because you do not like the genre, this is a good movie. Well deserved of his Oscars, especially the best cinematography, which I consider the best seen in a movie, can save the Lord of the Rings trilogy. I know some of these writings do not succeed, like the constant crying of others' names throughout the movie. The flashback part of the story may be quite faint sometimes, but in general it is an amazing achievement in making the Titanic look so real, and sinking feels so epic. I understand why many do not like this movie, but mostly they are reduced to them disliking the fundamental idea, such as a love story, rather than thinking the movie itself is poorly built. I tell you that I have read more than five Titanic books, including the memories of the day that happened, and this movie is extremely accurate from the historical point of view, except for just a few errors. The only main thing I can find is that the tubing should be copper, not steel, and the iceberg seems pretty unrealistic as the scene they hit. I give this movie 10/10, not because I love love movies but simply because it is a remarkable cinematic achievement that leaves a feeling horrified by the realistic adaptation of events.
