What is inexplicable? First, the hate of this movie. It might not be the biggest film of all time, but give it a break, got 11 oscars for a reason, made OLYMPT MILLION DOLLARS for a reason. It's a good movie. Which leads to the other inexplicable aspect of it. I have no idea why this movie left such an impression on me when I saw it in the theaters. I rewatch it on television and video, and did not have any impact that I had when I saw it on the big screen (twice, or maybe three times, actually). But that could be the call. It's a movie, yes, the capital M there, it's an Epic, it's a show in the order of Gone With the Wind or Ben Hur. Now, Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind seemed pretty hokey to me, with a hamam action and an excessive melodrama. Not that Titanic has nothing in it. Well, the act was actually very good. The melodrama was quite difficult to handle at times. But the reason why Titanic works is that it's an emotional journey. I usually enjoy movies that stimulate my mind or give me a visual emotion. This movie is not really bad, but it's not cerebral at all. Visual images are simply means for a purpose, to fuel the emotions of the public. I did not cry when Bambi's mother died, I did not react to tearjerkers. But this is a ten-million-dollar teerjerker, an emotional rollercoaster who, if one is regular, will make Buzz Aldrin shout like a little girl. And I'm sure if you see the video and you've decided that you hate it and that you have a very good amount of cynicism then you can completely displace this movie. But if you let this mistrust suspend a little, if you give this epic melody the benefit of doubt, you will enjoy it completely. And look at the top ten career films of all time. Is there one bad thing? Is one of them worth a score of 1 in 10? No, not even The Phantom Menace. And this film made $ 1.8 Billion all over the world. It can not be bad. It is not possible. 10/10. <br /> <br /> p.s. how can someone even consider comparing with the spiderman? spiderman was a fun movie, but it was a total kneejerk of 9/11 that caused a brutal how much it did. it was simply nothing special. no one will remember him in 50 years. but I'm sure Titanic will be remembered.
