I have avoided watching this movie for the longest time. Long before he was released, I dismissed him as a Hollywood schmaltz and I realized I had nothing to do with it. I've never seen her in the theater. I nodded at the Academy's 11 awards - even if I had never seen it. Then I was asked to be a judge at a high school language contest. One of the girls talked about this movie. "It was so big," she said. "You really felt you were on the ship." "Nonsense," I thought. I shared my feelings with my fellow judges. One looked at me and said, "You might be right, but if he liked the movie, he might want to find out more about the true Titanic. The film should have done something to be so interested. " - Well, maybe, I think. Then, finally, she appeared on Pay TV. - Okay, I thought, I'll show him a look. I did not want to like it - and I did not. I liked! What a wonderful movie. Where should I begin? First - directed. My high school competitors were right. James Cameron does a great job of creating an almost "you are there" atmosphere. The joy of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world. Nonchalance as news of the iceberg spreads first; then the panic rising. Do not just look at it; you really feel that. Then - the shows. The lead performances from Kate Winslet (like Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (like Jack) are excellent - Winslet was superior, I thought, but both were good. They had their rich girls / poor characters up to a perfect "t", I thought. In my opinion, the theft of the show was Frances Fisher as Rose's mother. She was perfect as an aristocrat in the snobby, and you felt the fear and abomination she felt every time she looked at Jack. Then - the details. I'm not an expert in Titanic sinking, but I have a reasonable general knowledge, and this movie does a great job of recreating historical details with precision and then weaving them around the fictional romance. Very impressive, indeed. Then - the song. Who can watch this movie and can not be taken with the show "My Heart Goes On" by Celine Dion. "Well, romanticism was perhaps too controversial in the sense that I do not accept that Jack could have moved so easily from leadership to first class. (I know he was invited for the first time, but he seems to continue to enter the first class without being stopped until he was there for a while.) The realities of separating the social classes were more realistically presented, I thought when the drivers were to be left locked there after the ship struck the iceberg, while first-class people had to enjoy half-empty lifeboats. A minor lie, though, this is really an excellent movie. to see him in the theater, where I think it would have been more impressive. <br /> <br /> 9/10
