Titanic, directed by James Cameron, presents a fictional love story about the historical setting of the Titanic. The plot is simple, uncomplicated or not for those who love the plots that turn and come back and keep you in suspense. The end of the movie can be found in minutes from the beginning of the movie, but the love story is interesting. Kate Winslett is wonderful as Rose, an aristocratic young woman, engaged by Cal (Billy Zane). At the start of the trip, Rose meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a lower class artist on his way to America, after winning a Titanic ticket in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes and does it, unlike the upper class, who is so worried about social concerns. The two fall in love, and the audience sees Titanic sinking primarily through their eyes. The film begins today with the exploration of the wreck by a group looking for Treasures that have fallen with the Titanic that has taken place recently. One of the Titanic survivors, Rose DeWitt Bukater, who heard the wreck exploration on TV and who was taken to the boat from where the search was conducted, to say what he remembers to help search. She remembers the Titanic's only voyage. With this, the scene is headed for Southhampton, Ireland, where the Titanic set sailed on April 10, 1912, as all passengers boarded. After another stop on the Irish coast, Titanic came out to see his journey across the Atlantic to New York. From the historical point of view, the first few days of the trip have gone wrong, but the fictional tale of the story is growing at this time, when Rose sees the hopeless entanglement of a commitment that has a rich Hockley horse and falls in love with passengers of the third grade, Jack Dawson. Captain Smith, as shown in the film, was urged by the White Star Director to increase the speed of the ship so he could make newspapers and receive additional advertising coming in on Thursday night in New York and not on Friday morning as planned. Smith then ordered the fatemic decision against the thirty-two years of experience to stretch Titanic's feet at maximum speed. The Titanic had reports that the Atlantic waters they were floating were full of icebergs, but ignored these warnings and proceeded at maximum speed, as shown in the film. On April 15, 1912, at 11:39, an iceberg was observed. They tried to stop the engines and take the ship out of the iceberg, but it was not enough time and the ship hit the right side iceberg as described in the film. The representation of the numerous small holes in the side of the ship and not a large hole along the side is accurate. Titanic's crew sent distress calls and started rockets of distress, as shown until 2:18, when the lights eventually failed. The California lights were seen six miles away, but they could not figure out what was going on and did not answer Titanic's many reasons for help. California tried earlier that day to warn Titanic of the severe ice that caused them to stop their journey, but the Titanic washed them, causing California to stop the radio and leave the Titanic on their own. First-class women and children were first described as being in twenty lifeboats on the ship. Overwhelmingly, third-class passengers have suffered the highest number of deaths in any class, and the crew has also been hit hard in this tragedy. The White Star Line staff and first-class passengers were believed to be over the second and third class passengers when the authorities were trying to get information about diving. Also, the metal used to build the Titanic has been found in recent years under severe cold conditions that have been experienced the night Titanic sank extremely fragile. Overall, the basic plot is very accurate in the event mapping and when these events took place on Titanic. Many of the characters in the story were not real and created just for the purpose of their film as composite characters to represent the possible characteristics and ideas of the people on the ship. Mother Rose, Jack, Cal and Rose's basic group were fictional characters added to the story because they represent different groups of people since then. However, many characters such as the unimaginable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; ship designer Thomas Andrew; White Star Line representative, Bruce Ismay; and all the Titanic officers were real. Spring travel will be Captain Edward Smith's last voyage anyway, as they were to retreat afterwards. He has been part of the White Star Line since 1880, where he made his way to the status of Captain of the millionaires when the Titanic sank. The officers' images are accurate, but four survived the tragedy, except for the officer who threatened to kill all the ship's pistols. He is recorded as being heroic and misinterpreted to the point where James Cameron apologized and evoked a monument to his honor in the former Canadian hometown of the officer. As shown in the film, there was a problem of language between the crew and many of the lower class passengers in the English-speaking nations. In addition, Officer Lowe was the only officer to return to the rescue boat as described. The old men in their bed as the water that came to their room relied on Strauss. She does not want to leave her husband's side, Mrs. Strauss refused to enter the rescue boat and died with her husband Titanic. In addition, Mr. Goggenheim, who was shown to drink his bark and smoked a cigar, went out as he was dressed in the best of things. The richest man on the ship, John Jacob Astor, who owned most of Manhattan, died, however, but his much younger wife was rescued in a lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was saved and later won medals for the Carpathian crew who chose the Titanic survivors from the water. His ticket on the Titanic had cost more than four thousand dollars, and by the end of his life he had broken. All the interiors of the ship have been replaced originally to the latest pieces of porcelain and silverware. Gymnasium, which is hard to see, is perfectly recreated with all the cars reproduced to match those seen in the old photos. Wonderful costumes and costumes were an excellent re-creation of the 1912 post-Victorian era. The riches at the moment have practically driven everything because the women's voting movement has not yet moved. Women at this time were often married for financial security as Rose intended to do them, and it normally took them back to husbands as Cal wanted Rose to do this thing. The wealthy did not take good on "new money," like Molly Brown as described. It was very formal all the time. Women were supposed to be escorted to dinner by a masculine figure, as they were in dining scenes. Smoking has not been very common among women since then, but the cigarette holders that are just coming at that time have been used as seen with Rose in the film. Men have generally smoked cigarettes, not cigarettes. Women were physically outlined through corsets and society by society. Although James Cameron did not have any background in historical films, he brought Titanic experts together with two years in the history of the Titanic, and few freedoms were taken. Beautiful cinematography and special effects helped make the film even more amazing. A recognizable message can be seen in the movie Titanic because the people on the ship were about three hours to contemplate their death. The director, James Cameron, presents the various reactions to this period of crisis in people's lives. Everyone reacts differently and makes you think how you would react if you were in that situation on Titanic that fatal night. In addition, this film is a reflection of the 1990s when it was produced, as it provides a glimpse into the Titanic Wreck. Only the last fifteen years has been found and explored the place of the current Titanic. This movie was able to give us a deeper insight into a disaster that many would not have seen. However, the moral question is asked if today's people should take treasures from the wreck of an underwater cemetery. There have been attempts to stop treasure quests, such as those presented in the Titanic, but all have failed. As is happening today, anyone can make a voyage to the Titanic and take all the valuable objects they present in the film that present the general values ​​of our time in this regard. Technically, the movie is very well done. To get images from the wreck at the bottom of the ocean, it took twelve dives to get all the pictures needed for the movie. In addition, a special room had to be created to withstand the intense pressure from the bottom of the ocean. Cameron did not plan to use the probe to go so far inside the Titanic as anyone in the 88 years since the ship sank, but it was found that it gave a unique perspective on the ship. Moreover, throughout the film, it fades away from the Titanic wreck at Titanic's place during its real journey. This change between the modern scene and the scene during the journey works as an excellent transition that makes the story easy to follow in aclear. At the beginning of the film, a septum recreation is used to recreate the scene when real people left the European coast on the Titanic, giving it a distinction from the rest of the film's events. Titanic plays almost like a historical biography and is like a work of art, a true epic. Like most of the Romanians in history, we know the end, but they do not depart from the wonderful experiences that are found in this picture. Some aspects of this film are material to the Academy Award, including costume, sound, cinematography and editing. If you like interesting characters that will give you insight into the characters' life in the early 1900s and how they will face disasters, then this movie is for you. <br /> <br />
