In 1997, I remember that year: Clinton bans the cloning research, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, Marlins won the World Series and a woman gave birth to sepulchres. It was also the biggest year in the release of the Titanic, one of the greatest movies of all time: a story about the dream ship, about a boy and a girl who fall in love but are broken by their social class and the height of their engagement emotionally, the ship encounters disaster. I do not think anyone could have expected the Titanic to be as rude as it was, the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of whom were teenage girls, I was 12 years old at that time, and of course has seen the movie several times. The movie made me think the love that Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful. At that moment I felt that Titanic could not do any harm, of course I grew up and did not watch the movie since I was 14 years ago, a few years ago I saw the DVD movie for 5.99 and I realized it was a good price and to see what I thought about the movie now. Were the hype worth? Was it really the best movie of all time? Was Leonardo's real nose? Okay, I know it's stupid to say, but I've been watching the movie again. Being completely honest here, Titanic is a great movie, the best movie of all time, no, depends only on your idea of ​​a good film, but the Titanic has been delivered in romance, humor, disaster, emotion and has not left us never travel on this trip. <br /> <br /> The film starts with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the Titanic RMS wreck, looking for a set of necklaces with a blue diamond called the ocean's heart. Unsurprisingly, they discover a drawing of a naked young woman wearing the Heart of the Ocean, dating from the day the Titanic sank. 101, Rose Dawson Calvert learns about the drawing and contacts Lovett to tell him that she is the woman in the drawing. She and her niece Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visit Lovett and his team skeptical on the rescue boat. Asked if he knows where the necklace is, Rose Calvert remembers memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the first time that Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, the 17-year-old 17-year-old boy embarks the ship with his fiance, Cal Hockley and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, both of whom stress the importance of Rose's commitment to Cal, because marriage will mean eradication Dewitt-Bukater Debts: While they have the outward appearance of the upper class, Rose and her mother are torn financially. Disturbed and frustrated by her commitment to the horse that controls and the pressure that her mother puts on her to go through marriage, Rose tries to commit suicide by jumping from her stern. Before jumping, a trainer and artist named Jack Dawson intervenes. Jack and Rose struggle with a tentative friendship, for she thanks her for saving her life and sharing stories about her traveling and sketching adventures; their connection deepens when they leave a formal, first-class, scary classroom of the rich newsstand for a more vivid collection of third-class dance, music and Irish beer. But after Cal's servant informs him of Rose's place, Rose is forbidden to see Jack again. However, after confessing a woman who encourages her seven-year-old daughter to behave like a "right lady" in her tea, Rose defies him and her mother, asking Jack to sketch them nude and wearing only the heart of the ocean, from Cal. After a wonderful moment, together, in the first fun of the back, they go to the deck of the ship. Then they are witnessing the fatal collision of the ship with an iceberg. After hearing the ship's quests, discussing how severe the collision is, Rose tells Jack that he should warn Mom and Cal. Meanwhile, Cal discovers Rose's nude painting and his frightening notes in his safe, so he fits Jack for stealing the Heart of the Ocean, letting Lovejoy plant him in Jack's pocket. After learning how he intends to let Jack die under the deck, Rose moves away from him and his mother to save him. Jack and Rose are back to the top deck. Cal and Jack, though the enemies, want Rose to be safe, so I can convince her to embark on a lifeboat. But after realizing he can not leave Jack, Rose jumps back on the ship and meets Jack on the first ladder. Jack and Rose are back to the bridge, the lifeboats are gone, and the ship finally gets into the Atlantic, freezing Jack and Rose down. So, Titanic lives up to hype? I still say it's a great movie to watch, I think there have been and there are still a few haters who, for some reason, just want to destroy the movie because it won a ton of prizes and everyone was in love with the film . But it has an extraordinary action, stunning effects, a well-written story, yet it looks perfect. Love or hate, you have to admit that this movie did not do much hype just because of Leo's child's face or Kate's stunning ability to complain, this film is something special. He will always have a special place in my heart, and I see that I have seen this movie eight times in the theater when he was released. But all I have to do, I recommend this movie, it's an extraordinary and sure one that you go to classics one day. <br /> <br />
