After a short prologue showing a masked man watching and then grinding the neck of an older gentleman on a golden street, he meets Julie (Rebecca Gibney) and Peter (John Adam). They manage to get a loan for a higher fixer on a simple street in Sydney, but it seems physical disorder is not the only problem with their new home. He may be haunted. 13 Gantry Row combines a memorable story, if somewhat cliché, with a good average to Catherine Millar in a slight shock over the average. The biggest defects appear to be partly due to the budget, but not entirely exonerated by this obstacle. A crucial issue occurs at the beginning of the film. The opening of the "thriller scene" has a series of editions. Cooling frames and photo series are used to cover the fact that there is not much action. Suspension should be created from staging, not fancy "fixed in mixed technique". There is a great atmosphere in the scene, lighting, fog, and the like, but the camera must slowly follow the killer and the victim, cutting back and forth from one to the other as we look up the street, showing their growing approach. Tracking and cuts must be slow. The attack had to be longer, clearer and better blocked. Currently, the scene has a strong "made for television" and a low budget for that. After this scene, we are moving now and the flow of the movie is improving a lot. The story has a lot of similarities to The Amityville Horror (1979), although the budget forces a much subtler approach. Millar and screenwriter Tony Morphett actually create a lot of scary, often dramatic scenarios, instead of special effects, such as the mysterious man who gets out of the old iron plates that have been bizarrely attached to an interior wall. For some fans of horror, the first section of the film could be a little awkward in the realistic drama. At least the first half hour of the film refers first and foremost to the fact that Julie and Peter are trying to arrange the financing of the house and then try to settle down. But Morphett writes intelligent and intelligent dialogue. The material is done pretty well that it's often as suspenseful as the more traditional thriller issues that appear later - especially if you have gone through similar pains while trying to buy your own house. Once they have settled and things start to become more weird, even if the special effects leave much to be desired, the ideas are good. Performance improves tensions. There is an abundance of death and destruction in the movie - there is more than an abundance of home repair nightmares. But no threat is really the point. The point is human relations. There are a number of character springs that are very interesting. The house is more like a metaphor and a catalyst of stress in a romantic relationship that can make it sour and eventually destroy it. That it is in a full neighborhood and that the relationship lies between two successful yuppins, shows that these issues do not only affect those who can blame any external affections such as money or health problems. Peter's character evolves from a striking corporative employee with "normal" work-based friends, someone with more despair as he becomes subversive, intending to get something more liberating and more meaningful. At the same time, we learn how superficial these professional friendships can be. Julie goes through an almost literal nervous breakdown, but ultimately finds release when she frees herself from her romantic relationship that fails. Though 13 Gantry Row does not surpass the clutter made for television, like a TV movie, it's a good one with admirable ambitions. Anyone who would prefer haunted house movies, psychological movies or horror / thrillers with a more metaphorical depth should find plenty to enjoy. It's certainly not worth spending $ 30 for a DVD (the price that local PBS post requires a copy of the film after it showed it (factoring in transportation and handling)), but worth a rental and it's worth safety is worth watching for free.
