From time to time the conversation will turn into "favorite movies." I will mention the Titanic and at least one couple will be scary. I do not pay anything because I know five years ago these people have been moved to tears right from that movie. And now I'm too ashamed to admit it. I made Titanic the first time in a long time. She expects to simply enjoy the story again, I was surprised to learn that the film has not lost its power over these five years. I cried again ... in all the same places. I came back in 1997 when I remember how a movie that no one thought would break it even became the most popular film of all time. A movie that broke out in public consciousness as another movie I can not remember (yes, even more than Star Wars). Today, many people will not even admit that they enjoy it. Good people, let's do something right - do not feel cool when you're in this movie. You look like a cynical out of touch. No movie is perfect and it has some mistakes. Some of the dialogues collapse, and part of the plot around the two loved ones is getting a little too close. However, neither of these things is so distracting that it destroys the film. Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are great. The lion is one of the best actors of his generation. You're going to see him in Gangs of New York before you call him anything more than a cute boy. Kate Winslet was so strong in this movie. The movie was really hers and she kept it together nicely. James Cameron did what many thought was impossible by recreating a completely credible Titanic. The sunken scenes were horrible, just like that night. How can someone say the effects are bad is beyond me. I was completely transfixed. This movie is a memorable scene after another. The Titanic Port departing from Southampton. Rose and Jack at the bow, "fly". "Iceberg, just before!" Screws hanging incredibly from the ocean. The transgressions of those convicted after having descended. And this end brought the most frightening man out of the theater to tears. Music, which was also a victim of the film's success, was a key ingredient. James Horner's score was simply perfect. And the theme of love was beautiful and tragic. Too bad, Celine Dion's pop singer had to destroy this great number of music for so many. I confess I'm a Titanic boy. As such, I enjoyed the opportunity to see the ship as we did not come to see - in all its beauty. Perhaps watching the sink touched me more than some, because I had such an interest in the ship all my life. However, I doubt that many of those I saw weeping were good people of Titanic. Applause Cameron for bringing this story to the masses in a way that did not distort the tragedy. The film was made with such humanity. Another commentator told me that it is better than ever: open your hearts to Titanic and you will not be disappointed.
