The anime that puts me on the anime ... <br /> <br /> Set in 2010 (hey, that's not too far now!), Earth is now waste gas poisoned by pollution and violence. Seeing how crime is going on for 30 seconds is and is being committed by thieves who have the power of fire on third-world terrorists, the New Port City fictional government is forming the Tank Police to solve the problem - tanks policemen! Oh, the heroes in this series include the new recruiter Leona Ozaki, a Japanese redheaded woman (yes, I know, they never match their Japanese name, Japanese look), which has just been designed in the Reserve Police and is a quick partner with Al, blond, blue-eyed. Leona is new to the use of tanks and unfortunately destroys the tanker of Charles Tank (also known as "Brenten") tank, a big guy who looks like Tom Selleck on steroids and has a pair of glasses sun, a great revolver and a bad temper. Britain did not like to join Leona first of all for the Tank Police and will destroy Tiger Special (a huge green monster tank) does not really like it, nor does it like to take the remains of his giant reservoir and using it to build a mini-reservoir he calls Bonaparte and he soon pushes him to transfer it to the child's well-being "where the boys are more than your size" as he puts it. There are also specs, bifocal genius, Bible quote / God, fearing the Chaplain, purple MO-hawked Mohican, and blooming steel, which is on the roadside thanks to the mayor who always shouts about him. Seeing how how backup cops often destroy half of the city while watching the wicked and using extreme violence to capture them, they are not very satisfied with the people. The villains are a cyborg called Buaku that has a mysterious past about a project known as "Green Peace", his gang and two sexy cats of Anna & Uni Puma cats. In the first installment, these boys are paid to steal urine samples from a hospital that treats people who have not been infected by poisonous gas clouds, and in the second they are hired to steal a painting that is a Buaku goal . The story was unfinished in the anime and was finished in a cult comedy book ("Manga") that is very hard to find. All kinds of chaos and chaos appear in this comic black comic that examines how far people want their police to go to catch criminals and what happens when the fine line between good boys and bad guys starts to fade away. This is the kind of thing that, if you had made a movie about it, it would be better to go to Quentin Tarantino. Untouched in places, but still a lot of fun. Followed by "New Dominion: Tank Police".
