ELEPHANT WALK may not be literature or film, but it is an extraordinary quasi-melodramatic entertainment. It is the story of love, both authentic and illicit, as well as the ambition, devotion and arrogance of personal tyranny. A former commentator, John Mankin, asks why the center of the movie, the mansion called the Elephant Walk, should have been built by the former owner, the "governor" of late Tom Wiley, even along the traditional path of elephants to the highest water source, river. Losing this point is essentially the lack of the point of the whole center of the film: the man's hubris. The fact that his son played by Peter Finch should be excited by the superior image and envy of his venerated father is not unexpected because the son was without a mother growing in a foreign jungle only with his father and the boys "club" like its models. The father's point was that he was a self-standing man who would have enriched nature with his pleasure and that pleasure was not just a tea plant on the lands that the elephants had dominated, but that he would even dominate the big bull elephant who led the flock and hence will dominate his son and all around him, and so we join the story after the elephants were denied crucial cruise season access on their way to the water. Who could have known that this dry season would last so long and what would elephants desperate to get water? This is the link between the movie: what will animals do to get water? what will people do to get power or love? Ceylon, today, Sri Lanka, is a huge island off the coast of India where the plantation lies, and one learns quickly that it's about the true landscape of the story, not just about Miss Taylor's expenses. It was not for this exotic location (much of the movie was shot in Ceylon), and the magnificent "bungalow" would have been another. We have to recognize the atmosphere created here as an integral part of time and place, because it illuminates the last day the wealth and power achieved by the "conquerors" of British immigrants who were part of the British rage. Only such wealth gained through the use of slaves' virtual labor could build a magnificent residence of ebony, teak and marble. Wonderfully carved Jalees (work grids and doorborders), obviously specified by art directors J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira and obviously made by the cheaper work on the island, must not be neglected. Such a profession reveals a special attention to the details these men have sought. For those immune to the starvation of time, place, and architecture, there is always Miss Taylor's sorrow as she marries a man she does not really know, and she is tacitly amazed by another man on the background described and under the tyranny general of the inheritance of a deceased person. As I said, it is not an extraordinary literature, not even a great movie, but it is a great show long before this term is compromised by the extravagant effects of today's special effects. This is one of the movies made to be seen on the giant screen of an outdoor access unit, not on your home TV, so arrange the largest screen to see it fully to fully appreciate your camera and aplication domain.
