Scott Bartlett's "OffOn" is nine minutes of pure madness. It is a full-frontal assault of psychedelic, pulsating, epilepsy-inducing intermittent lights and colors, and the first true fusion of film and video in the cinema of advantage. There's no story to talk about, but Bartlett uses nature's pictures? especially face and human form? to provoke a series of emotional reactions, integrating these biological phenomena into the industrial form of modern technology. In a sense, the film is the merger of mankind into its tools, in its cars, in its technology. This theme is freely linked to the HAL9000 subplot in Stanley Kubrick's "2001: A Odyssey Space (1968)" and, indeed, the opening sequence of Bartlett's images? intermittent colors before a close human eye? reminds Dave Bowman's journey through the Stargate. The images are rich in color, a comfy mix of crisp and vivid photos and increasingly granular clips, as if we are too close to a television screen (actually, the final product was recorded from a TV monitor). There seems to be some confusion about the release date of the movie. IMDb lists the film as a 1972 version, but both the National Film Regiment and the National Film Conservation Foundation offer 1968 as the right year. Perhaps this discrepancy reflects the time between finalizing the film and its first public screening. In any case, the images are distinct before their time, occasionally I remember a music video from the 1980s, and some techno bizarre music would never have been disappointed! "OffOn" captures granular, fragmented images, showing life from the distorted perspective of a computer that processes too much information. Did I have a thought? and please do not laugh at this free interpretation? that an extraterrestrial civilization that captures Earth's television signals could well receive such unknown, extraterrestrial documentation of human life, a bizarre assemblage of vague imagery images that could have no coherent meaning. Perhaps here is mankind, with all its technology, towards an irreversible fusion of film and film, purity and artificiality.
