"Ardh Satya" is one of the best movies ever made in Indian cinemas. Directed by the great director Govind Nihalani, this is the most successful Hard Hitting Parallel Cinema, which also turned out to be a commercial success. Even today, Ardh Satya is a source of inspiration for all of India's principal directors. The film tells the true Mumbai police scenario of the 1970s. Unlike any other Indian police, the Mumbai police have a different system. Govind Nihalani creates a very practical approach to addressing the real life of the Mumbai Police Environment. Among the various police officers and colleagues, the film describes the story of Anand Velankar, a young hot baby baby coming from a poor family. His father is a tough policeman. Anand himself suffers from his father's ideologies and incidents about Atrocity about his mother. Anand's approach to immediate action against crime is an inert desire for Job's own satisfaction. The film rotates here in a Plot where Anand's constant efforts against the crime are being overrun by seniors. This leads to frustration because it can not achieve the desired satisfaction. Because of frustrations, his anger is expressed in excessive violence in restraint rooms and bars, turning him into an alcoholic. The spirit inside him is still alive, because he constantly struggles with the system. He is aware of the subway system, where police and politicians are inertly linked far. His compromise towards unethical practice is negative. Eventually, he is suspended. Direction is a main piece and a rough core. One of the best memorable scenes is when Anand breaks in Rachel Shetty's house to arrest him, followed by a brief conversation that is fantastic. At many scenes, the movie has moments of hair growth. The practical approach to Script is an important Punch. Alcoholism, corruption, political influence, courage, deceptions are an integral part of the Mumbai police even today. These issues are treated brilliantly. Finally, the films belong to the One Man show, Om Puri portraying Anand Velankar through all the absolutely wonderful emotions.
