Directed by Govind Nihalani, this is the political movie of the Indian cinema. It may be the first to represent the strict reality of corruption in the police force and in politics, without being blocked, and how it affects a young police officer. A forced man to join a policeman career by his childhood father. I agree that I grew up watching many good movies / Hindi policemen, but this is different. Today's generation, who grew up watching dark and realistic movies such as "Satya," "The Company," may be considered a inferior product in comparison, but looks at the moment of production. The film was made entirely out of beaten tones when people did not pay too much attention to such a cinema and yet it became the most sought-after filmmaker in class and the public when it launched. For Om Puri, his first success in the main Hindu cinema and offered class performance as Velankar inspector. It is more than the character of the cop, has internalized a lot that is something original in acting. Watch the scenes with his father he hates and Smita he loves. Smita Patil has maintained his character's dignity to the expected level. God, what natural expression she has transmitted! Shafi Inamdar was really a breakthrough for me and he is a brilliant character actor if he was given a chance here, in some of the scenes he even surpassed the Man. The film is also a debut of a promising character on the Indian screen - Sadashiv Amrapurkar as "Rama Shetty". It is another story that he did not get a role so eaten and almost forgotten today as one of the rough bastard of Dharmendra's B-rated action movies. Watch the stage where Man first becomes a rebel for his father (played by Amrish Puri) and then both share the wine together. How the inner truth began to reveal both the character and the feelings of love and hate to the other. Two faces of the Indian police force - Masculinity and impotence and between lies - half truth (ardh satya) - Kudos to Nihalani's touch. The film won 2 national awards as the best Hindi film and best actor - the Om Puri & 3 Filmfare Awards in Best Film, Best Director and Best Supporting Actor. <br /> <br /> Recommended for all who are interested in the nostalgia of Hindi movies. <br /> <br /> Ratings - 8/10
