I liked this movie. He is not a fan of Ed Wood Jr., I prefer to appreciate his "unlimited enthusiasm" and acknowledge his shortcomings. His films are fun, but his personal story is a painful one. I was hoping and I was delighted to learn that this film would be about understanding his turbulent life, rather than multiplying it with a posthumous praise. From the beginning to the end, the film evolves from a documentary into a mythology, leaving the cast and the viewer unexpectedly connected to each other and to Ed Wood Jr. <br /> <br /> What we get are the people who know it Ed Wood speaking the best of him out of all perspectives, positive and negative, and showing us their character as Ed.We gain a perspective on Ed's personal and professional life: from romance, drinking, to sexuality, to his friends, to his enemies and even to his shooting. The film itself is shot in a low budget mode, which seems to be made in respect of Ed, as if the techniques of most of the films published since 1996 were unobtrusive (such as wearing a costume more handsome than the president). The stage designer uses a sense of humor and also a great deal of understanding when each cast member matches their background. Fans will be delighted to hear personal testimony about Ed Wood's controversies, and the newcomers will be amazed that this man was real. The DVD is full of impossibility to find stones ("Crossroads of Lorado" and photo galleries), but the real treasure of this movie is the surprisingly interesting and interconnected story. Ed Wood had a habit of defining by associating with him (for better or worse) to the point where a woman would go into history as a "pool owner" for once letting him and his friends be baptized in her pool. This ability to define a person's legacy is universal, since the most amazing effect of the film is not only to give a well-rounded idea about the man who was Ed Wood Jr., but also to provide a comprehensive view of the community that he created. In a way, without having more than one member interviewed on the screen at a time, the connection that Ed Wood created between the different people in his life becomes clear and the spectator is left with a great sense of involvement . <br /> <br /> Even the title indicates the horror genre of list B, but we can see that this is a good thing. What begins as unrelated stories of random people concludes with the conclusion that all distribution will be forever woven into an unpredictable cohesive fabric that history will bring in a haunted unity with Wood's legend. In many ways, contradiction, Ed Wood Jr. could not be condensed in a single point of view. This collaborative effort is the closest to knowing it that we can ever get. As a juxtaposition of the themes, she is at once respectful, provocative, thoughtful, close, fun, sad, good and fulfilled.
