The Triad Shinjuku Society, though perfect, is an extremely compelling film for what it is trying to describe in its uber-conventional field. It's a yakuza / triad that involves police officers against Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters (especially Chinese, as the title suggests), but even in his first technical debut, Takashi Miike already sets many aspects for movies on which would make them in here. Social issues such as the market negotiation of precious goods, in this case human organs usually from children; nostalgia for childhood and roots, which was predominant in Dead or Alive 2; finger nose to taboos, such as homosexual sex and rape / violence (satirical) to women; blood-curdling violence. It's definitely not as surreal as some of Miike's latest movies, but this is to be expected as he tries things he's just starting to learn, following a record of direct video programmers. He has all these qualities and, just like the films that would follow him, is as wild and hearty, crazy (in spots) and sardonic in drama and solid for the fans of the genre. The story relates to two brothers, one Chinese orphan grown up in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, quite decent as an anti-hero / hero from Eastwood-esquire), who became a detective, and another one, who has become a gangster - be one. The main gang of the takeover archive comes from Wang (a clear shot of what Tomorowo Taguchi plays as a typical wacko with real terror in his eyes) and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, which threatens even when we always repeat a command of a woman who has just closed her eye after an accused accusation) who are ruthless to appear almost organically in a Miike movie. There are some intrigues involving the gangster organ trading scheme, which Kiriya is almost a victim of, and gay sex for homosexual sex - at least with a little doll like that doing what the main gangsters want. Everything leads to revenge and redemption, qualities that Miike and his writer try to imitate from Shakespeare (hence, Macbeth and Wang wash their bloody after a homosexual sex says "he will not break up"). <br /> <br /> If it does not add to the same emotional impact level that a great Shakespeare game will have, it's like a movie like that. Miike's goals are fulfilled, although they meet in his ambitions at a small scale: a picture of gangsters with some additional levels of difficult family problems (the main tension between brothers comes from the profession and duty towards parents), notes the crumbling aspects of the worlds of the underworld and what the land of unbridled sex with both sexes pulls out of the characters. At the same time, Triad Shinjuku Society also contains more than a few moments of classic black comedy from Miike's opera. Some of them just have to be taken with a grain of salt for what the director does in his bitterness, such as a bit from the beginning, with the smashing face on the face or the "interrogation" happening as it enters a twisted area. There is even a laughing line from the young slave sex after he has finished an act on a boss: "Thank you, Mr. Weeny-Burger." Miike and his writer do not have enough here to make the movie a dark comedy like Ichi or, of course, Visitor Q, but it's enough to bring relief to the darker aspects of the story and the characters. /> <br /> As the first entry of the "Black Society" trilogy, as it is called, I was quite impressed and is a quasi-vocal fine book from one of the most crazy artists in contemporary cinema.
