I'm not sure Rob Schmidt qualifies as "Master" in horror because he only directed a horror film called "Wrong Turn" and that he was really just a little lower than mediocre, with "The Right to to die "one of the best and most episodic episodes in the entire second season of the" Masters of Horror "franchise. There was a story similar to the second season when William Malone made the best episodes of "The Fair Hair Haired", even if the other feature films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" br /> <br /> The "Right to Die" storyline intelligently carries the social debate on euthanasia nowadays, but fortunately, it presents many old-fashioned themes such as ghost revenge, murder conspiracy, black humor, and comic book violence. While driving late at night one night and discussing the husband's adultery, the Addison couple is involved in a terrible car accident. Cliff moves away from the wreckage, but Abby's wife is completely burnt and must be kept alive. While Cliff and his troubled lawyer (Corbin Bernsen from The Dentist) want to connect and sue the carmaker, Abbey's mother is developing a giant media campaign to keep her daughter in life as a vegetable and blame everything on Cliff. Meanwhile, Abbey's spirit returns for revenge and kills someone around Cliff whenever he has an almost fatal experience with medical devices. After a few casualties, Cliff realizes that it may be safer for him to keep his wife alive if he wants to stay alive. "The Right to Die" is an amazing and precise episode of things that I've always hoped to see from a television concept like "Horror Masters." It is violent and upsetting, with a sense of humor and twist and a lot of tricks. The subject of euthanasia and the entire circulatory media that surrounds it is worked out in a very good script, but without the need for unnecessary return to political positions or morality lessons. The atmosphere is suspensory, and the killing sequences are properly ugly and disturbing. Actress Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney have a pretty impressive face and impressive voluptuous shelves, which is always a welcome addition, and Corbin Bernsen is finally offered the chance to play a brave and self-centered bastard. Big episode "MoH"; certainly one of the most important moments of the two seasons.
