Masters of Horror: The Right to Death begins late one evening when the married couple Abby (Julia Anderson) and Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) drive home, yet while talking Cliff is distracted and collapses in a tree that fell across the road. Cliff's airbags work OK and get away with minor injuries, unfortunately for Abby and did not come as a toast when it was thrown out of the car and poured into gasoline that let the fire burn its entire body. Abby's life is saved. She is taken to the hospital where she is in support of her life seriously injured and terribly disfigured from burns. Cliff decides he should die, his selfish lawyer Ira (Corbin Bersen) thinks he should let Abby die, sue the car maker and get rich, while Abby Pam's mother (Linda Sorenson ) wants to blame Cliff, get rich and save Abby. However, Abby has other own plans ... This American Canadian co-production was directed by Rob Schmidt (whose only horror film was Wrong Turn (2003)), which on his own weight does not qualify him directly for the episode "Masters of Horror," and was the episode 9 of season 2 of the Masters of Horror TV series, while I did not think the Right to Die was the best episode of the Master of Horror that I saw. it was a pretty decent effort all at the same time and still does not come to be as bad as The Screwfly Solution (2006). John Esposito's script has a central idea that is not new, but he uses it quite efficiently, although I would say it is a little bit uneven, the first 15 minutes of this work focuses on the horror element of the story, but then it goes -a time of relaxation for twenty minutes strangely that it becomes a drama as the legal fight over Abby's life & the Cliff business is to take the center of the scene before returning on its way a delicious goris and melt climax that can not be to the weak of the heart. His character is a bit weird, the weak man, the bent attorney, the protective mom and the young cake who has sex to get what he wants, but all serve his purpose well, the dialogue is fine, the story moves along a beautiful rhythm & General I liked the Right to die outside of a few minutes here and where he loses he focuses a bit and I was not so eager for the ambiguous ending. Director Schmidt does a good job and there are some effective scenes, this is trying to alternate between the spooky low key atmosphere and the out-and-out blood and gore. There are some fantastic special makeup effects as usual, there are photos of Abby where she had all the burned skin on her body and the image of her head bandaged with her teeth showing that she does not have the remaining lips is thick (images and effects of makeup that reminded me of similar scenes in Hellraiser (1987) & his sequels), then there is the main course at the end where Cliff literally penetrates someone completely with scalp scenes that split the skin and remove the muscles and putting in a cooler box! Very disordered. There are also various parts of the assorted body. There is nudity here as well as with at least two beautiful ladies getting naked ... The technical right to die is excellent, the special effects are brilliant and most episodes of Master of Horror do not look like a cheap TV show that basically it is said the truth is. The act was fine, but there are no big names in this. The right to die is another episode pleasant and slightly twisted by Masters of Horror that most horror fans should certainly check if not just for terrible skin scene! Well it's worth an hour ... for those with stomach.
