A man and his wife get into a horrible car accident. When the wife is left in a persistent vegetative state, the man has to choose between drawing the card and leaving it alive. The decision is made even more serious when she realizes that her ghost wants to avenge him and those around him. This comes from director Rob Schmidt, who made "The Wrong Tower" did not see). Having just a horror movie underneath the belt and not a notorious one, I was a little reluctant about this episode, expecting Schmidt to be a "master of horror," in the most liberal sense. I apologize for my underestimation. Beginning with Episode 10 in a 13 season episode, it was actually the best. The "right to die" problem is treated and covered in detail enough to be a solid plotting device. However, this is just the foundation on which the story revolves. Once the horror elements appear, the movie goes from "decent" to "spectacular". A great action, great plot, great dialogue, a great suspense. I was a little dragged out (what is good) and above all: the gore is extremely abundant! I read a review of this episode before tracking it, where the reviewer said there was a strong hint of "Hellraiser" in this. In the first part of the show I had no idea what they were talking about. Then a little later, where some images remind me of "Hellraiser 2". However, I do not want to say in any way that this takes away from the film. I see no other way to create the created effect and, in my opinion, this looks remarkably better than "Hellraiser 2". Some plot overturns occur later and may invite the viewer to give the film a second look. I have not followed it for the second time, but I think the beginning would make more sense if I had (not that it is confusing). The floor with the dental hygienist is also cute and I wake up all the time about whether I do not like the main character for the relationship with her or if I felt bad about him. It's somewhat an anti-hero of the whole story if you want. While Stuart Gordon's episode may be better and I'm delighted with the Washingtonians episode, I think I can safely bet that this is the key episode of the season and by far the saving grace of what otherwise was not enough and rarely routine. When legends like John Carpenter left me behind (again), I worry about the future of the genre, but then comes a fresh face like Rob Schmidt and gives me hope. This is a goalkeeper and I ask you to bring Schmidt in Season 3!
