Stargate SG-1 follows and expands on the Egyptian mythologies presented in Stargate. In the Stargate universe, humans were enslaved and transported to Goa'uld-inhabited planets such as Ra and Apophis. For millennia, the Goa'uld has harvested humanity, strongly influencing and spreading human cultures. As a result, earth cultures, such as the Aztecs, the Mayans, Britons, Norwegians, Mongols, Greeks, and Romans, are found on the known planets of the galaxy. Many of the well-known mythical locations, such as Avalon, Camelot and Atlantis, are found or have existed at some point. Currently, the Stargate Stargate (found at a site near Giza in 1928) is housed in an extremely secret US military base known as the Command Stargate (SGC) under Cheyenne Mountain. Col. Jack O'Neill (Anderson), Dr. Daniel Jackson (Shanks), Capt. Samantha Carter (Tapping) and Teal'c (Judge) make up the original SG-1 team (some people join and / in subsequent seasons). Together with 24 other SG teams, they venture to remote planets exploring the galaxy and seeking the Goa'uld defense in technology and alliance with advanced girlfriend races. The parasitic Goa'uld use advanced technology to throw you as Egyptian gods and you are bent on galactic conquest and eternal worship. Over the first eight seasons, the Goa'uld are the main antagonists. They are a race of extremely intelligent, infamous foreign parasites able to invade and control the bodies of other species, including humans. The original archer of this race was Lord Apophis (Peter Williams). Other System Lords, such as Baal and Anubis, play pivotal roles in later seasons. In the ninth season, a new negative character appears, Ori. Or they are advanced beings with unimaginable technology from another galaxy, also bent by galactic conquest and eternal worship. The Introduction of the Ori accompanies a deviation from the main focus on Egyptian mythology in an exploration of the Arthurian mythology that surrounds Ori, their followers and their ancestors.
