The fans of the HBO series "Tales From the Crypt" want to love this MOH episode. Those who know the basic archetypal stories on which most of the classic EC movies are based will recognize it from bats themselves. <br /> <br /> Indonable favorite Martin Donovan (also an excellent writer - co-author of the scenes for APARTMENT ZERO and DEATH BECOMES HER) are the kind of guy whose good looks could go anyway. He could play a very nice guy if he was misunderstood with the door, or he could play the same role with a terrific subtle corrosion sensation. In the case of the RIGHT to DIE, he takes this approach, and certainly works. Donovan is a doctor who recently had an affair with his office desk (Robin Sydney), much for the dissatisfaction of his inconsolable, unforgiving husband, Abbey (Julia Anderson). When two of them get involved in a terrible car accident while returning from an unsuccessful weekend of "doing," and she is burned horrified in a fire, he does not want to take off his jack, not without no enthusiasm, the lawyer and best friend (Corbin Bernsen, showing worse for wear these days). But Abbey has never been one to give up without a fight and there comes the EC theme of the episode. Spouses with husbands and wives have always been the preferred subjects of the genre for supernatural supernatural (and OOKY) shenanigans, and this is certainly not an exception. If anything, the relationship between sex and gore must make Bill Gaines joyfully sing in his mausoleum somewhere. And that's not to mention that John Esposito's original script gives the angle of adultery only a slight twist. You do not realize that you only know half the story, until the end ... (think about BENEATH with more mouth and lawn, and you're there) <br /> <br /> It's not a bad effort, but not the best of the batch. At least Rob Schmidt displays flare touches here and there with the direction, especially in a scene that makes the phone messages really really a terrible experience! As with most MOH episodes, it follows a dominant theme in this season of flaying and dismantling, so it is extremely squeamish not to apply.
