It's amazing that out of a good, though not wonderful film, resumed in the early nineties, a whole franchise can grow. "Stargate; SG1 "is undoubtedly a science-fiction-like gathering and has the right to stand side by side with Star Trek as the science fiction kings in Stargate 1994, this series sees a Stargate military / scientific organization) that thinks that the gate system can be used to travel on different planets across the galaxy and beyond, and the militaries create a series of exploring teams. SG1 is such a team, led by veteran military colonel Jack O 'Neill, and includes archaeologist Dr. Daniel Jackson, military scientist Captain Samantha Carter and alien Teal'c, who betrayed his leaders in the hope that one day he would free them. The earth quickly makes an enemy of the Goa'uld a parasitic race that uses people as hosts and is believed to be equal to the gods. "The top cast does not have much to congratulate to bring this show to life." Richard Dean Anderson is perfect as O'Ne ill cynical and sarcastic, who can pass from boy to death in the blink of an eye. Michael Shanks, like Daniel, brings the heart and a will of steel to the character, which grew from innocence with eyes closed to the darkest and louder as the show progressed. Amanda Tapping, in the role of Carter, has perfected the balance between illustrating her character's femininity, not including the fact that she is a powerful and intelligent military scientist. Christopher Judge is excellent as aloof Teal'c, who is able to describe the character's emotions with subtlety. And Don S Davis is perfect like General Hammond, who is led with a good balance of fairness and firmness. Almost all episodes are involved and portrayed intelligently, reflecting moral dilemmas as well as the friction between military interests and civil beliefs (often argued by arguments between O'Neill and Jackson). The guests are described in a solid way, and the story arcs are treated in a way that does not make the spectators. SG1 also excels in humor, from O'Neill's spirits to episodes that are just weird and weird! SG1 has everything from action to drama to love story to interrupt death scenes. It's not just an excellent SF show, it's an excellent show in general.
