I would have given a movie a few stars, simply because it was a "Lifetime" presentation filmed at the location represented in the story - here, New York City. Most of this channel, whether you "set up" there in Iowa, Oregon, Virginia, LA, etc., are filmed in Vancouver, Ottawa, Toronto or other Canadian localities. one that deserves the highest rating - 10 * on this site, is this movie. Of course, not for originality, because this story has been made several times, in many variants, with some very similar to the specific ones. It has also been done quite often on the big screen with the mega-stars, past and present, from Cary Grant, James Garner, Harrison Ford, Tom Hanks and others - and Deborah Kerr, Doris Day, Meg Ryan and more . I can think of at least 10-12, as prominent, past to present, on the top of my head that could be added now and probably there are many others that could be brought to mind. <br /> <br /> Do not give, but my point is that, in my opinion, this is by far one of the best of its kind that I have seen. I caught her by chance on a Friday afternoon at a time when I had the TV just because I took a few hours after a week of particularly agitated. I would never have gone through this movement in the eight years since it was done. And, as the two leaders did enough to be known by most, they were unknown to me. The only two actors I knew were Phyllis Newman (Mother Anna) whom I saw in some of her smaller days, and Michael Rispoli (Charlie's best friend), remarkable as Gramma, street type of Rounders. <br /> <br /> The chance encounter and the pairing of the two best friends, as a story of romance, with the correlation of their being with Anna and Charlie being revealed to everyone else, is the end of the contrivance plot in the genre, but it does not do no distinction for the joy here (in fact, it improves it). Checking other comments, I agree with the most positive ones. The main word describing this movie is ENGAGING, in caps. This adjective describes performers; the characters; chemistry between and between all the characters, in any combination presented, and all supporting and even minor roles. I like movies with a "more difficult edge": "Rounders"; Schwarzenegger / Stallone Escape Ticket; "Goodfellows;" even classics such as Casablanca, Gone With The Wind, Citizen Kane. But for pure, uncomplicated joy, it was remarkable. With an empty fraction of their budgets, it was equal to the results of "You Received Mail" and "Sleepless in Seattle." And Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan could not have done better than Natasha Henstridge and Michael Vartan here; co-stars and support staff here were equivalent to those in these mega-movies as well.
