I took a fly in renting this movie, but I have to say, it was very, very good. On all fronts: scenario, distribution, director, photograph, high production values, etc. Eva Longoria Parker is the head and shoulders in rom / com over some bad actors, such as Kate Hudson and Jennifer Aniston. Who will do it? Parker and Isla Fisher are in a single class in this regard and should try to support projects as good as "over her dead body". Lake Bell is also excellent, and this is the first time I saw her. And finally, Paul Rudd gets to shine in a very good film, instead of smaller movies. A movie like this never gets the charges from the close men. It's too bad. As other IMDb commentators have noticed, there is nothing lame about this jam - not writing or acting. <br /> <br /> And her image of LA and contemporary California in general makes every scene look brilliant, beautiful, clean and otherwise remarkable in every respect. Never before had a film made by L.A. looks so good. Ah, what can make a little talent and a lot of care for a movie. I will not divulge the plot, but as a long-lasting and hard-core atheist, I was willing to suspend unbelievers and buy in the supernatural theme, to enjoy excellent and easy fun. Remind me a lot of the old "Topper" films, which were also nice. This movie exposes popular, but otherwise frightened films such as "Ghost," for mediocre and too sentimental festivals. We already know that the public taste relies heavily on mediocre. However, some of us are saving ourselves truly worthy praise. If you enjoyed other precious stones such as "Into the Night" with Michelle Pfeiffer, Jeff Goldblum and Clu Gulager, "Blind Date" with Bruce Willis and Kim Basinger, "American Dreamer" with JoBeth Williams, "Chances Are" with Robert Downey Jr., Christopher McDonald and Cybil Sheppard, "Face Mr. Right" along with John Malkovich, etc. <br /> <br /> A first-class job around (even if it's hard to believe that a right guy can pretend to be homosexual for more than five years.) But even this plotting device does not distract the film's overall excellence.
