Tim Krabbe is the praised author of "Het Gouden Ei," a novel that was screened twice ("Spoorloos" and "The Vanishing"). One of the most recent works of the Dutch writer is "De Grot," a psychological thriller about two completely different men, Egon and Axel, who meet in a youth camp and, surprisingly, become friends for dear life. Egon is a quiet, somewhat boring person who spends his time studying and writing geography books. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic party animal, a hard-to-drink killer, whose daily concern is to bring a woman into the bedroom. From the moment they meet, Axel has a strong influence on Egon, while he envies him for having a good life without doing anything (such as reading thick books like Egon); in the end, Egon is even dragged by Egon into illegal practices himself, leading to a fatal drug transport in a remote Asian country. After reading the book last year, I was surprised the critics were pretty positive about. In my opinion, the book suffers mainly because of the complex structure. While Krabbe presents the story as an absorbed portrait of an unusual relationship between two people, the plot becomes more a puzzle: the many episodes are not chronologically presented, so two successive scenes are rare in the same episode. For this reason, the story feels surprisingly distant: you often have to know the background of a character to take care of him or her. Another complaint was that the main characters, Egon and Axel, are a little stereotypical. Egon is the "boring intellectual, while Axel is exactly his opposite." In real life, such unidimensional people rarely exist, in books and movies, they always seem there, taking a lot of credibility. Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can make you forget that he is acting (which, in my opinion, is the highest actor he can achieve). , but the same as those of the book: mainly because the characters are unique, they are so predictable that they become annoying. movie anyway) is hindered by an insufficient scenario. Maybe Koolhoven should have chosen a better book
