"De Grot" is a great Dutch thriller based on the book by Tim Krabbe. Another book, "Het Gouden Ei", was made in the great thriller of the mysterious Dutch called "Spoorloos" ("The Vanishing") in 1988. It is not as good as the thriller (though much better than remake the American called "Vanishing"), but there are times when they are approaching. Especially opening times are great. We see a man, later we learn that his name is Egon Wagter (Fedja van Huêt), who comes from a plane in Thailand. When he picks up his bags, it's pretty clear he's smuggling something over the border. These scenes are perfectly directed, photographed and operated. A sort of suspense is created that you would not normally have in an opening scene like this. Later we see Egon doing his business in Thailand with a woman, both of whom say they never did. From this point on, the movie is constantly flashback and flash-forward. We see how Egon, still as a child (here played by Erik van der Horst), is friends with a guy named Axel (as a child played by Benja Bruijning). We learn how they grew up as friends, and how Axel (as an adult played by Marcel Hensema) became a criminal. Meanwhile, Egon goes to college and sets up with a woman. Meanwhile, he sometimes meets Axel, but he does not really want anything to do with him. The film is chronological in a way. They show Egon and Axel as children, not as students, young adults, and in the thirties. But from time to time, as I said, the movie turns back when they were kids and jumps back. Every time we see them as children, they explain something that happens when they are adults. <br /> <br /> The title means "The Cave" that gives the movie its happy ending, though it's not really so happy. Just like the beginning, the end is terrible. The middle part of the film is fun and somehow distracts our attention from the first scenes, only to return to that moment in the end. It is the edition that gives the film its happy end, although we can say that the dramatic end is happy and somehow.
