RUMORS is a memorable entry into the series of cartoon cartoons from the war, with the role of "Private Snafu". The films were directed to soldiers and were directed, animated and marked by some of Warner Bros.'s best talents. "Termite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling." Precious Mel Blanc delivered the voice to Snafu, and the stories and narrative narrative for many of the films were provided by Theodor Geisel, Dr. Seuss. basic concepts with humor and vivid images, using Snafu as a perfect negative example: he was the drug, the little twist that would do all you should not do. According to Chuck Jones, the scenarios had to be approved by the Pentagon officials, but the army the army also allowed the animators an unusual freedom of freedom with regard to fearful language and jokes, certainly more than the theatrical censorship of time - of course. As the title indicates, this cartoon is a Illustration of the rude power of rumors The setting is an army camp. Private Snafu is next to another soldier in the latrine (something you will not see Hollywood ilm in the epoch), and their occasional conversation begins to roll. We notice that an unpleasant remark about a bombardment is misinterpreted, then exaggerated, then transformed into an increasingly frightening rumor that sweep the camp. The image is really alive: the brain of an anxious soldier is described as a percolation vessel, while another's feverish discourse is shown as hot hot air, that is, "balloon juice". A soldier "blows his mouth" in the cannon style, and before you know that the real balloon flies in any direction. Balloon wings at this. Panic soldiers say among themselves that Brooklyn Bridge has been sprayed, Coney Island disappeared, enemy troops landed on White House lawn, and the Japanese are in California. The images are becoming more and more surreal, especially until the camp is in quarantine for Rumor-itis, and Privat Snafu was locked in a lined cell. This is an extremely effective work. Those who made the film dramatized the subject with intelligence and surprise, and the message is still valid. In recent years, we have seen that catastrophic events (real or imagined) can generate all sorts of wild rumors that are spreading faster than ever because of the progress of communication. Because technology has improved, the private snack of our time is capable of delivering our own bubble juice via email, mobile phones and blogs. Consequently, RUMORS is a rare example of a wartime educational film whose essential message does not feel dated at all; in fact, there may be more time than ever.
