Seeing this movie was the most fun thing I've ever had at the cinema. However, I can not say whether it is a good or bad movie, because such simple qualifications can not be applied. This image has everything a movie can have. It features romantic comedy, a political commentary, a thriller, a drama, an action movie, a musical, and an absurd film of self-consciousness. It's an Indian couple, Nandini (Karishma Kapoor) and Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), who live happily in Canada, who are rushing to make India visit her husband's parents after a disturbing news report. The rest of the story takes place in India, where the couple is in the middle of a plot of fratricidal violence. At one point, the story is borrowed from "Not without my baby," but telling Shakti a remake of anything that would be an injustice. The apparent story line has a back to a series of stunning breaks, including Shah Rukh Khan's dream of Aishwarya Rai, which comes from another film. In fact, the two stars are on all posters, but they really come late in the movie and only Shah Rukh gets to become a true character. However, he behaves with a moody and truly unexpected performance. Karishma Kapoor is the one who has the greatest work to do in this movie and makes an admirable job, having to connect the twists of the movie and returns with a credible show of emotion. Another notable presence is Nana Patekar, who plays Narsimha, husband Shekhar's tyrant father. Nana Patekar dominates every scene they are in, with a scary but talkative character. The film is not without its part of realism. Violence is aggressive, but really disturbing about the abuse of most of the female characters, and Karishma has been beaten seriously several times. Sometimes this violence is clearly disturbing, but eventually it becomes surreal, because each dramatic sequence is usually followed by such comic and spectacular transformations that the overall effect is nothing but cathartic. I've seen some of the Bollywood versions and the mixing of genres and incredible plot resolutions are certainly their norm. But "Shakti" raises the bar absorbing an even larger mass without becoming ridiculous. It's a film that realizes the grandeur of a Shakespearian tragedy, in which stuttering audience and royalty are equally entertained. It's a pure cinema for free, and director Krishna Vamsi must have had a dream of spending a good time by throwing in every trick in the book. Perhaps the message of major importance to the violence that generated the violence and the inspired spirits of maternal love was not the thoughts in my mind, but I came out of watching the "Shakti" exhilarating. Filming can be the most fun in the world!
