If a movie remarkably feels with actors, the ability to act is probably one. I have never seen dialogues in this way, but with a strong feeling. The movie was disturbing moments. However, the movie was terribly editable. The movie tries to go commercially by adding comedy and songs, but they feel out of place. Like Karisma is fighting and, at the same time, SRK fights (comic) with police officers. Ishq Kamina's song was very untouched. On top of that, the movie is too bright at first. The direction was not bad, but certainly can not boast. I have to say that the actors were very wise. Without them, this movie would not have an impact. Karosma Kapoor has given his best role so far and this looks very good after his recording after Zubeidaa and Fiza. It looks beautiful in the first half of the year and I have never seen an actress screaming of emotion and rage as well as her. What is most ironic is that this is probably the weakest piece of writing written so far. Nana Patekar was excellent as her father-in-law. We do not talk much about him, except that this is a role for him. Deepti Naval, as a mother-in-law, was excellent especially in her final stage. Although he does not have much to say, facial expressions and body language were good. The other good performance was the little kid. He was adorable and is sure he will tear the eyes of the beholder. The movie was probably desperately rescued by their performance. Sanjay Kapoor was fine, but he did not have much to do. Shahrukh Khan was wasted in the bad-boy role. One thing that brought the audience to the theater was Ishq Kamina. The painting and dance of the song is perfect for the rough lyrics of the song. And Aish's upset. However, the song belonged to being in another movie just because it came at the worst moment ever. People may come to the film for Aish, but they will not boast too much of it. Hum Tum Miley was at the right pace, but seemed to be pulled while the suspense stood along the film. Damroo Bhaje was boring and had nothing to spoil. Dil Ne Pukara is too boring for a song to get the film's mood. In spite of the poor edition, only performances make it to be seen.
