The beauty of this film is highlighted in the great portrayal of the power of a mother's love, exceptional performance, constant execution and quite innovative scenario. The film tells of an Indian woman, Nandini, who lives in Canada with her husband Shekhar and the Raja kid. Her husband suddenly informs her that his family in India (whom he did not know) is in trouble, and the couple head for India. When they get to the village, Nanadini is shocked and frightened to witness a very wild rural culture; Shekhar's family, led by his very brutal, very cynical and ruthless father, Narasimha, lives a poor and violent life style full of crime and terror, where women are subordinate and helpless. Nandini begins to make Shekhar return home, but soon he is killed by his father's enemies. When he wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to let her take Raja back to India. Here begins an intense battle that can be called "Nandini vs. Narasimha". India is not presented in a particularly positive light in this film, but only shows a small minority of its rural areas, so it can be quite right. The image is correct and not unilateral, as the positive side is also presented to some extent. Such horrible vision could be shown in a film about any country in the world. The locations are stunning, the music is wonderful, and Krishna Vamshi's direction is helped by a very efficient cinema and a good editing. One thing to note is the background score received by Ismail Darbar, it's beautiful. Characters are very well defined, although we get to see both bright and dark sides in different portions of the film. Presented realistically throughout the movie, the movie is flowing well and is an exciting and fun watch. His dialogues are gorgeous and intelligent, and although shocking procedures can be very disturbing at certain times, many positive moments manage to ease tension. The greatest strength of the film is performance. Karo-Kapoor is stunning and very credible like Nandini. Her ability to find a balance between vulnerability and unlimited emotion is simply incredible. She shows so much intensity, impulsiveness, pain and determination as the mother who wants to bring her son back, that this little baby seems to be her own son. Her outbreaks, while confronting Nana Patekar, which are like volcanic eruptions, show us how the simplest of women can become a tiger when it comes to her baby. After Fiza, this is the most powerful performance. One of the greatest Indian actors has seen, Nana Patekar is indescribable as Narasimha. He manages to be nasty like Narasimha, but admirable as the actor who plays him. Patekar manifests cruelty, spirit and even humanity with total conviction. It is remarkable. Another extraordinary show surprisingly comes from India's most undervalued actress, Naval Deep, who sensitizes the character to perfection. Sanjay Kapoor is just right, and Shahrukh Khan offers a comic amusement. Anyway, do not look at Shakti - it could have been better, but it's definitely a must-watch.
