A heavily-oriented subject to Shakti-The Power, directed by Krishna Vamsi, the Desi version of the Hollywood Not Without My Daughter, is the production of Sridevi's home. The film's story revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor), who lives in Canada with his two uncles (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). A story about a woman's fight against harsh injustice. There he meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), falls in love with him and gets married soon. Their family is complete when Nandini has a boy, Raja (Master Jai Gidwani). But their happiness is short-lived, because the news of Shekhar's mother (Deepti Naval) makes them leave their perfect life in Canada and come to India. And then the problems started. From the moment they arrive in India, they are both shocked to see the pollution and crowds of people everywhere. They take a crowded train to reach the village of Shekhar, and when they finally get to the station, they have to catch a long bus to his village. The dirty, dirty bus, combined with uncertain ground, makes it unusable. And unfortunately, for them, a frenetic crowd that beat Shekhar without blame attacked the bus. Fortunately, they are shot dead in time before they can harm him anymore. Afterwards, they lead to the surrender of Havel, where Shekhar's father Narsimha (Nana Patekar) lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani realized that her father-in-law is the commander as soon as he gets in, but his only consolation is his wife's warm salute. Nandini, being there, learns about her father - in the laws of tyrannical behavior, and understands that the ruthless killing is a way of life for him. On the day she sees her father-in-law, she teaches her son to throw a bomb, loses her and a shot against him, urging Shekhar to move back to Canada. But terror strikes again when Shekhar is killed one day, leaving Nandini alone with her son in this strange country where she is harassed by a cruel royal father. The fight against this man to save his son is what culminates in the emotional film wrapped in the heart. What distinguishes Shakti from most of the movies made out of late is also the rural setting of the movie. The only downside is Ismail Darbar's music, which does not rise above the scenario. The only rescue grace is sexy article number Ishq Kameena, which was composed by Anu Malik. Another bed for the director comes because he has taken some splendid shows from his cast. Karosma Kapoor is the life of the movie and gave a moving performance as a helpless mother. She will win prizes for this warm portrait. The second is actor Nana Patekar who is back with a bang with this movie. His steady manners match him, and he has once again demonstrated his versatility with this role. Sanjay Kapoor is the surprising package of the film with a sincere and effective portrait that rises against the other actors. Naval Deep is also top-form and high-end showdown with Nana is praise. Shahrukh's gift offers the lightest moments and surely it was pulled in to get the desired value of the stars. Although his role was not really necessary, he did it well. On the whole, Shakti is a much higher than most of today's movies and Pr's launch hype is sure to have a good opening. Shakti is sure to get critics and audience thumps up. So if the movie needs to be desperately cut by at least 2 rolls to get a better impact. Shakti still has the power to continue without problems!
