On Sunday, July 27, 1997, the first episode of a science fiction series called "Stargate SG-1" was broadcast on Showtime. A spin-off and sequel to 1994's "Stargate" with Kurt Russell and James Spader, the series began about a year after the events presented in the film. For ten seasons, she has characterized the adventures and misadventures of an exotic team of explorers known as SG-1. The series starred as Richard Dean Anderson in the role of Colonel Jack O'Neill (two), Michael Shanks as Dr. Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping as Captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Judge as Teal'c and Don S. Davis Major General George S. Hammond. For ten years, I watched the team's struggle against the Goa'uld, the Replicators, the Ori and many other aggressors. At the same time, they allied coalition with Asgard, Tok'ra, rebel Jaffa, Nox and Tollan. They saved the world at least eight times over the years and never gave up until death claimed them. And sometimes even then. As with all long series, there have been many changes. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of the fifth season to broaden his horizons as an actor. Daniel Jackson's successor as archeologist / geek resident of the team was Jonas Quinn, a stranger from a country called Kelowna on the planet Langara, played by Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned to the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003, and Nemec left at the same time. Unfortunately, he made only one appearance, and his character was rarely mentioned later on. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004, feeling it was time to leave. The original show and probably his most popular actor, Richard Dean Anderson, played in the first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eight seasons was considerably lower than in previous seasons. She finally left SG-1 in March 2005 to spend more time with her six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was by far his favorite character in the series and, to be honest, I never enjoyed the last two seasons as much as I did earlier episodes for this reason. was a new era for the program. With the departure of his main actor and the defeat of the Goa'uld and replicators in the eighth season, many fans felt the series should go to a high level. Regardless, the series continued for two more years, Ori, replacing the Goa'uld as the main opponents of the series. Three new characters were brought to fill the gaps as they were and to help inaugurate this re-invention. Ben Browder came as pilot of the Southern Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Cameron Mitchell, the new SG-1 leader. His co-star "Farscape," beautiful Claudia Negre, has begun to play a prominent role as a vivacious, sexy, hilarious, and certainly extroverted Vala Mal Doran, former host and con artist from another planet. A recurring guest star during seasons eight and nine, joined the show at the beginning of his tenth and last season. Rounding out was the legendary Beau Bridges as Major-General Hank Landry, the new commander of the SGC, and an old friend of Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. Over the past two years, they have played with SG-1 believers (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and have become valuable parts and contributed equally to the Stargate franchise. <br /> <br /> All good things have to come to an end. During the initial show of the first few episodes of the Ten Season, ratings fell considerably, leading to cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream is over. On March 13, 2007, what began with "The Children of the Gods" ended with "Unfinished". The finale of the series made the world premiere on Sky One in the UK and Ireland before being featured on the Sci-Fi Channel in the United States on June 22, 2007. In the ten years the series was in the air, it garnered legions of fans and even eclipsed the science fiction series, Star Trek, in terms of popularity in some countries. He became the second largest science-fiction series in the world, second only to Doctor Who (1963-1989), and the longest American series of science fiction films, after surpassing "The X- Files "a few months before it's over. "Stargate SG-1" is the cornerstone of the Stargate franchise. In 2004, his success and popularity led to the production of a spin-off series titled "Stargate Atlantis," which unfortunately was canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although plans for another feature film DDD movies, "Stargate: The Ark of Truth" and "Stargate Continuum" were launched in 2008 and more are planned for the not too distant future. A third live action series, Stargate Universe, is also due to the premiere at a time next year. (Unfortunately, it was an animated series, "Stargate Infinity", which ran only from 2002 to 2003, but even less said it better.) Despite the end of "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as a series continues, the future "Stargate" really looks very bright. In conclusion, while Stargate popular recognition like other major sci-fi television franchises such as "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who", relatively new to the two sci-fi giants and I have all the confidence that it will continue for many years to come.
