Unreliable drama by Bollywood. Karosma Kapoor is excellent as a Canadian Indian woman who marries a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), has a baby, and then visits her family in India just to find out that they are terrorist warriors. Drama and tragedy take place and the movie becomes a sort of thriller in the BEAT BEAR MY BABY style. The movie is impressive, its numbers of songs / dances are uninteresting and useless, the great song and dance at Bollywood is truly extraordinary for the intensity of the drama of this film, at least once we have left the comfortable limits of their Canadian love nest? although a number involving a cameo of Aishwarya Rai is amazingly challenging, if eventually displaced as well. Also, the inclusion of Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan as a happy vagabond that helps Kapoor get out of the warrior's claws turns what was a very serious drama into a bad farce and just comes back when his character? and his fantasies about Heaven who are generating her camouo dance? are disposed. His dialogue with comic books and the perception of his battle scenes escapes the dramatic dramatic drama of the film. The distribution is well supported by Nana Patekar as a warrior and the elegant Naval Deepti, who is remarkable as his long-suffering wife who eventually struggles to stand up against him in one of the best scenes of the movie ; Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good as Sanjay's sisters in India and very pleasing candies for the eyes. But Sanjay himself overlaps, especially during ad libs. The directorial style of writer / director Krishna Wamsi is negligent, confronted by transitions and abrupt cuts, although the movement of the camera is good. The musical emphasis is also quite effective, full of voice, with a voiceless voice over a small orchestral ensemble (too bad if either of them made the SHAKTI soundtrack, but Bollywood has not yet discovered the value score including songs on their sound albums, at least not in most cases). But SHAKTI is the film by Karisma Kapoor, however, and the intensity of his show as soon as the film moves to India contrasts nicely with the gentle love he has engaged with Sanjay in the original Canadian scenes. Despite the inequality of much of the image, Karisma's performance sells the film completely and strengthens its inconsistent measures. Also in a strange way, I found the story of being another lecture on the ostentatiousness of royalty that I noticed in the Golden Flower and MARIE ANTOINETTE, both of which I have seen before, although SHAKTI is, of course, a completely different film; but focusing on a dysfunctional royal family? here living in the austerity of terror-controlled poverty in India, rather than the Versailles elegance or the massive megalomania of the Tang Dynasty feudal in China? whose self-seeking is ruining many others and forcing a kind of revolt gives the film a notable subtext.
