This review is dedicated to late Keith Moon and John Entwistle. Original Drum and Bass. There seems to be very little early Whoever recorded these days, if there is more than it is to be "having it, now-a-days tends to be of a very different kind of Who all, a parody, a their shadow of (much) better years. To be fair, none of them have to prove anything else, they have earned their respect and overtime too. This concert record for me is one of the best. ordering an audience of about 400,000 people who have a lot of strong music need skill, charisma, spirit and a lot of good blood music. We all know about the other acts on the bill, The Doors Show a few weeks before Jim Morrison's death), Moody Blues, Hendrix, Taste, Free, and much more, and the idea that whoever was there was Who's got the majority to see. festival Hippie of the 1960s Woodstock The movie and the recording went out and so was Tommy's biggest cover so far. A lot of hungry wanted to taste, to be able to experience their own unique event, to be able to "Grove and Love" in knowing that this concert was theirs. To do this you need the best of what Rock 'n Roll was supposed to throw at the crowd full of hunger. At two o'clock in the morning of the end of August 1970, M.C. announces, "Ladies and gentlemen, a small Rock 'n Roll band from Shepherds Bush London," OO. "John Entwistle's costume is made of black leather, on the front is the human skeleton line from the neck to the legs, Roger dressed in the traditional long hair cake and long tassels, Keith in a white shirt and jeans, as Pete had the white boot suit and Doc Martins he preferred to wear. never stopped the Rock High Energy attack for over two hours, interpreting the best parts of the artist, such as Young Man Blues, Trembling everywhere and then on the queue, Keith baiting overwhelmed at "Shut up, it's a Bloody Opera "with Tommy, Opera Rock The cult became wild So they got to hear and Who did not disappoint it directly in Overture and never came into the air until it could not be said that" Tommy can hear me "Amazing. To capture a show of this the magnitude of a band of this stature at the top of a Festival that would be the last of its kind anywhere in the world was a fantastic piece of cinematic history. <br /> <br /> The English DVD comes in just an English / Linear PCM Stereo soundtrack, they were like in the United States, I think you can get at least 5.1, "Check out the local press for details? " on this, all right. The length of the DVD is 85 minutes without extra, which is a disappointment. Yes, for a slice of rock and festival history, this DVD will send you on a nostalgic journey down the memory strip when you press the play button for some of the best concert clips Who should to be, Live, Raw and in front of you <br /> <br /> I would have given this ten DVD if there were no 5.1, and some extra would have been nice. Thanks Roger, Pete, John and Keith.
