"Stargate SG-1" follows the intergalactic explorations of a team called SG-1 through a device called the "Stargate" and all the surprises waiting on the other side of the wormhole. are the first few seasons when it first appeared, I did not know how seriously this series would be, 10 years after I saw the last episode. My old impression was that the series was great, but my impression was far from the truth. "Stargate SG-1" is more than a simple series of sci-fi, it is one of the best-made, exciting, long-lasting, exciting sci-fi ever produced. And why? Because it runs on an amazing premise. This value of the series far outweighs that of the film on which it is based, and I think it is a good example that television, as an environment with a proper premise, is able to provide something that does not work with the time restriction of the film. The sense of familiarity created by a long series of times, following their characters and circumstances progressing with time, is amazing and adds to the ability to suspend unbelief and is all a result of stunning writing and a lot of dedication by the whole crew to the show " Stargate SG-1 "has continued to provide adventures over the past 10 years, but has never been afraid of the challenge of moving the plot and gave birth to very different times: - The first few seasons, probably up to 4 / 5, they focused much more on exploring planets and different situations, keeping episodes quite unrelated to each other if it had not always threatened the Goaul'd threat. <br /> <br /> - There have been more and more episodes between 5 and 7 aimed at combating the Goaul'd and preventing attacks on the Earth. After this exploration of the seasons of the planets was almost an excuse to put sg-1 in a place of Goaul'd / replicator conflicts / times <br /> <br /> - The 8th season is probably the most mixed. It has a stream of episodes that includes minor earth things in which the stargate is not even mentioned, but the last episodes present some wonderful moments of replication. <br /> <br /> - The 9th and 10th travel together because they have the same new enemy and not Jack O'Neil. These are both good, although the first few episodes of the 10th season are a bit weak because they seem to be a bit more than SG-1 and the Jaffa / People lose their battle after the fight with the Ori. Practically, after Season 7, exploration was pushed into the background, which in many ways was a shame because of the potential and mystery that each planet (episode) presented; on the other hand, made for so many big episodes of ongoing conflicts that the change in the nature of the performance has worked and shows how great and bold the writers were. Even hard to believe the series has a high quality finale that gives it a good night to rest, the feeling I have is that it could go on; the people involved were all great professionals, and the series narrative had much to offer. A last season that came back to the beginning of the series was very achievable and would have been very welcome, but eventually things are the way they are. Finally, because I liked everything, it's hard to know it's over. The overall picture, however, drawn by the work of hundreds of people over the course of 10 years, is a view of beauty and a true testament to crew dedication, remarkable actors and characters that we will always remember collectively as SG-1 .
