Most people who follow the movies with Audrey Tautou seem to disagree that Amelie was a character - it's not really Audrey Tautou's personality, so every movie she's involved will not be Amelie part 3 , etc. <br /> <br /> Now, with this I told myself that I also took this movie because Audrey was in it. Yes, it is true, there is a big difference after the first scene where she is not seen at all for 45 minutes, but I did not even miss it because I had a lot of fun with the other characters. The guy around is all too funny, the guy who justifies the people who left the cafe and jumped over the bill by finding coupons and balancing the loss, actually ... getting in all the characters here take some time, but this is one of the best movies I've seen in a while. The character of Audrey Tautou, Irene, is not a cute girl Amelie had. In fact, as Irene, her rudeness to a vagabond asking for change surprised me at first. In this film, Irene is a girl with good intentions, but over a day (very terrible), her mood becomes more and more sour and pessimistic. What makes this movie complete has all these really interesting stories and builds plots ... very fun to watch, great landscapes and scenes, very colorful and never too lazy, and all the characters can actually act. The best part of the movie comes with about 20 minutes left ... when all plots begin to merge together and the ride really rises and everything binds together and makes sense, and the whole butterfly effect flourishes. I swear, it was the best 20-minute film I've seen for a long time, and the end ... It made me think "I was able to find this movie." The end of this movie is top. Who wrote the script for this is brilliant, because not only do all the other subplots happen, but somehow make them bind together (and in a sensible way, as is the case here), but also to make each character to feel human and alive, not just a regular person used as a crutch to build his entire butterfly effect ... very impressive. I suggest this movie because it's a great movie to watch anytime in any mood with any company or alone.
