When a tycoon rich is killed in a plane crash, his sister geamănătoare Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy), does not believe he caught controls a diving suicide (even if failure takes place in the family), but three beautiful daughters could not care less. The pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), working for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes), who forces him soon to help them and remove control of the property to her sister disturbing Lora (Sara Shane) and family lawyer (Jess Barker). Valerie wants Norton to seduce Lorna when she does not get the benefits of another sister, Nymphet Vicki (Marla English), but her plans are thrown into a headcount when Norton falls prey. All bets are disclosed as a world of vice - including chicanery corporate seduction, suicide, blackmail plot murder, Act Mann, double-crosses, disfigurement and poetic justice - "Craig Manor" mansion imposing on a bluff overlooking sea ​​... This unlucky cast aside as a second feature made perfect for writing on wind, also in Douglas Sirk's 1956 saga of a powerful clan (and highly dysfunctional) oil was said inspired the TV series DALLAS of the 1980 night series, but Craig's excitement in the madness seems right from the sister-sister, DYNASTY. All three brothers (only one of them are very bad) are beautiful beauties, but it is a witchcraft of Kathleen Hughes, which stands out. Valerie is relentless in her quest to inherit the family's fortune, and her unpleasant enthusiasm for harm is one of the guilty pleasures of the film. Adolescent Sister Vicki is also a piece of work, reminiscent of Carmen Sternwood in THE BIG SLEEP. When they meet for the first time, she draws the equivalent of trying to sit in Norton's tour while still standing coming to him with the line "I graduated the summa cum laude from Embraceable U." Whew! Sibi THREE BAD produced by Schlockmeister Howard W. Koch is a great pit excessive exploitation and distribution is B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" English, 50-year-old John "Revenge of the creature" Bromfield (once married to sexpotul French Corinne Calvet), universal starlet Sara Shane (discovered by Hedy Lamarr), Jess "Susan Hayward" Barker, Kathleen "came from outer space" Madge Kennedy screen gives everything they have - as much or as little as. Eurotrash's future life, Brett Halsey, is seen briefly as one of Vicki's victims. B-Movie rating: 10/10 Marla (and her English body) made wonderful movies! Three SISTERS BAD was recently seen on the big screen as part of the Palmares Noir Festival in Palm Springs, but the jury has removed the soaps from the soap ... unfortunately it is noir (5/10 on the newometer).
