Narrative ?? if written epics, visual or poetic? try to avoid too many characters in general; readers and viewers, after all, may be too overwhelmed by trying to track who exactly is who. This is especially true in the movie, I think, simply because we can not easily return to refresh our memory in a cinema. But visionaries like me do not have this problem because we see all the movies on DVD or VHS. One year ago I was introduced to Audrey Tautou, a French actress whom I first saw Amelie Poulain's Fabulous Destiny (2001) and later in a very long engagement (2004), both fine and complex stories, with a large cast of characters. This previous offer exceeds the other in both ways: more characters and more complexity. Now other directors have used these techniques before: Robert Altman with The Player (1992), Short Cuts (1993), Gosford Park (2001) and others; Paul Thomas Anderson did the same with Magnolia (1999). Stanley Kramer did it with Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World in 1963, a comedy with almost epic proportions. The difference from this film is that, first of all, the director allows us to "see" inside the head of some of the characters, and secondly, some scenes are repeated as means to refresh the viewer's memory as story flip-flops between different time periods. /> <br /> basic, so to say so ??? the story relates to a young woman, Irene (Tautou), who is told by a commuter colleague in a train that she will meet her true love that day. This happens in the first few minutes of the movie. The clever irony at this point is that Irene does not realize that the opposite youngster (Gilbert Robin) can be "a real love." And he does not ... They go their way separately without understanding the potential significance of their close approach. However, chaos has been the result for the rest of the day, not only for the two young people, but also for the rest of the characters who appear in a series of cleverly built and intertwined winemaking that seem to go nowhere and yet ... <br / > <br /> If the story was simply that, it might be tedious and quite predictable. Not like this. The script and the director fit into our expectations with a host of innovative scenes that are too frequent, but which turn into credible, extraordinary events that allow the two loved ones to meet again. For example, the next time a bird from the sky falls on a book or on your own paper, consider your alternatives; two characters make an obvious choice that must take place before Irene and her man of destiny meet again. Or what about a stone chip flying on the windshield? Think again of what would happen ... All of this is quite interesting. What was more interesting to me was the evaluation of every new man who came and tried to decide if this guy was ONE for Irene or if he was actually the young man on the train. That allowed me to guess for a while. I'll let you think about it if you see this wonderful story. Recommended for all.
