Most of Yeti's images are fatally undermined by a lack of energy and enthusiasm. He is not so glorious, bent, batty and berserk over-the-top-shot-made-in-Katsch gut-buster shot in Canada: It's a wonderful and vigorous moronic ghastly miracle that reaches a stunning apotheosis of straight "A crew of cargo ships uncovers the body of a 30-foot Yeti, which resembles a 70-year-old (full-afro jumbo) disco, perfectly preserved in a a large piece of ice. They deviated the beast, dragged him to life with electric accusations, grossly maltreated him, and kept Goliat poor hairy in a huge glass cabin. "Hey, the directors are obviously changing from" King Kong, "" our noisy titanic sound comes off his cage, grabs the first blonde blonde euro vixen (gorgeous Pheonix Grant) storm away with his new lady love. and flew to Toronto to be broadcasting to a riddle audience. Of course, he releases again, releases the vixen, and goes on stomping expectations around the city ravages. The foolish sublime dialogue (the proof line: "Philosophy does not take place in science, teacher"), special (far from) special effects (the tiny blue transparent albums and the Tonka toy miniatures are particularly disturbing in their thickness) cumbersome and a hard-to-handle script that even attempts a frankly damned "Is Yeti a Man or a Beast?" the ethical debate combines together to create one of the most delightful monstrous giant monster moves to ever rebelliate the absurd path along the big screen. However, better, we also have some extraordinary touches to add extra spices to be briefly prepared for cinematic skis: the accidental brush against one of Yeti's nipples, which makes it stiffen and generates a big smile, the lecheros (!); the vixen cares Yeti's wounded hand as he makes his eyes goi-goo, Yeti breaks the windows with his feet as he climbs into an upstairs office building, and the furry man even breaks a man's neck with his toes ( !!). Overall, this screwdriver and classical classic camp should be exalted as a remarkable monolith of infamous celluloid madness, which is eminently worthy of a powerful underground cult.
