Being a giant monster fan, I see Yeti was an absolute necessity, especially after I heard so much about him. Due to the good market market, I was able to find a copy quite easily and I was happy to be surprised to see that this blow was really dared to say, decent. Decent to what is, in fact, a huge giant-monster movement. It starts pretty fast, because Yeti is pretty soon and we present to different characters. They are made up of some sleazy people, some good, and a girl who is by far one of the most daring beautiful girls in any science fiction SF film by far. Yeti looks like a long guy guy straight from the original Woodstock concert and really is not that bad of a guy, especially after being presented to the world in a kind of funky slice thing. Godzilla is not - despite his rude awakening, he does not even laugh (in fact, he seldom destroys anything in the whole picture), but he seems to be puzzled as he tries to discover things. Yeti seems to understand English quite nicely (my copy was called in English) and he knows who the good boys and the bad guys are. However, we want to see giant Yeti do his job pretty much in the whole movie and usually with a low budget, he seems to change the size a lot depending on the scene and there is even a bunch of "legs" fake "of his, who stood there. /> Yes, the special effects are not the biggest, but there are certainly some good ones here. A scene where Yeti breaks through a warehouse is doing very well, and in another he uses the windows of a building as "ladders" to descend from the top - destroying every window with his foot and often shocking the occupants - a single sequence that really looks much, much better than it should in a movie so "bad". "Yeti" never leaves as low as to say: "EPA" does. In fact, the only time she comes close to reality is when the beautiful girl makes Yeti's nip standing up and lifting her eyebrows in a "oh yeah baby" fashion. But even this is not so bad, and even laughs out of the spectator. The film is long enough for this kind of stuff, but quite surprisingly it's not boring - the story is actually good, and just watching this gorgeous actress on the screen will make any male spectator happy. "Yeti" can not be the top of the giant monster films, but it's definitely better than other King Kong '76 rip-offs such as "APE" and "Regina Kong" by far.
