Here is another film that should be loaded into a satellite, burnt in space, and pointed to the Andromeda galaxy to show the best possible human civilizations of the world. This film is so in love with silly and honest revelator to be more than a rip-off of the already bad classic movie KING KONG in 1976 that not only manages to promote this film in terms of belly just laugh idiot goofiness , but he has successfully predicted Peter Jackson's mischievous, computer-poor 2005 cartoon with the same name in terms of the "romanticism" between the giant (here Yeti) and a gorgeous human woman (Antonella Interlenghi of "CITY OF THE LIVING DEAD "by Umberto Lenzi, eyes). The movie was made for children so, besides some insinuations on fish bones and a bizarre tweep, to say goodbye you can forget about sex - Yeti even has a kind of giant jockey strap to help him, and covers the monstrous package, the result being even more fun than anatomical accuracy. But, as a compromise, you get an old scientist, two curious kids, Tony Kendall in rare rare times as a dubious bastard of a villain, a clever intelligent dog that gets to have his own adventure (Dog Adventure films were big in Europe for a while) and, of course, comes out as a hero at the end of Yeti's salvation, who turns out to be the good guy, glorious things like end-loaders, decorated to look like giant monkey hands, a monster literally shifts from shooting to shooting, some horrible unacceptable deaths that will make the massacre in GODZILLA VS SMOG MONSTER look like abundant by comparison, reaction pictures of the Spanish, Italian or Canadian crowd extra depending on the scene tell where they were shot from the way the extracts are dressed), and some of the most enthusiastic of spectacular, but inept, special effects ever work, a movie of huge monkeys. It's here that the movie won me over: just to be excited about me. Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini who brought the world of SARTANA in 1968 and GUN'S GUN the previous year and was a very important director in the Western Spaghetti and Action / Adventure scene from the 1960s / 1970s to the time of YETI he was probably delighted to get the job. I would say that this is his most adventurous movie ever, or rather the one with which he had the most chances, and he may have felt more comfortable taking the chances of the film for children and families. The film has a kind of reckless abandonment of the way it was made, which makes technical errors or inconsistencies totally meaningless. Or rather, they are part of the fun and, if the movie was played seriously, it would not have worked - which is accurate for making the PETER JACKSON FILM. <br /> <br /> He forgot to have fun with the material and let him dictate the result using the army of stupid animators Power Macintosh pod animators and with all the mistakes and clunk, Kramer's YETI is actually closer to the spirit of why we see movies like this one, which is partial to see actors in monkey costumes breaking miniature sets on sound stages, not animating the perfect hours of vapid of anything but hard disk space. I would rank my place there with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT! THE GREAT GOLEM COURSES as one of the most fantastic fantastic fantasy films of war in history. Because the movie seems so "fake", you can get over the story and just have fun watching things get destroyed, thrown, thrown and crushed. Knowing this and armed with a fertile and energetic enthusiasm to have the chance to make the film, Parolini took all the stops and offered a body-filled adventure that could become a bit tough for some of the little ones, but it is the first movie I'll ever share with my grandchildren one day when their stupid parents leave with me for a weekend. This is a thing for centuries and one of the fullest expressions of mankind ever to be engaged in celluloid. 10/10, is about ten minutes too long, but who cares, come only once and I prefer to go with a smile on my face.
