This is one of the best films in Hong Kong's "New Wave", which began with Tsui Hark's "ZU: Warriors of Magic Mountain." Tsui gave a tone to the New Wave approach to the martial arts film, which almost all New Wave directors (Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Wong Jing, Ching Siu Tung etc.) have since accepted; namely, getting closer to such films would need more than a touch of irony, if not a direct comedy. "Burning Paradise" stopped at all this, and with a vengeance. It is not that there is no humor here; but it is a purely humorous humor, just as with the elderly Buddhist priest who at first starts to feel somewhat of the bloody young prostitute, hiding in a pack of straw. But this is the way people are, even the Buddhist priests can not be holy all the time. When irony is finally introduced into the movie, it is the youngest possible, emanating from the "abbot" of the Red Lotus Temple, which is a study of pure nihilism, as it has never been recorded on the film. He is the very incarnation of Milton's Satan from "Paradise Lost": "Better to reign in hell than to serve in heaven!" And if he can not reach Satan's hell soon, he will turn the world around him into a living hell he can master. This is the reason that highlights the brutal violence of many images here: It is not that the old man only wants to kill people; wants to despair, to feel completely despair, to accept its nihilism as a comprehensive reality. Thus, there is a clear feeling that interferes with the scenes of the Red Temple that it can not be a reality other than the Temple itself - it has become everything that exists in the universe, and the abbot, claiming the dominion of infinite power, is responsible. br /> <br /> Of course, fortunately, the movie does not end there. Although there are losses, the human will to be just human usually ultimately prevails. (If you want to know how, you see the movie!) However, there is no doubt that, watching this movie, we will visit hell. We hope we are not witnesses to our posterior life; but we certainly feel impressed by the experience - and, to a certain extent, better for that.
