I saw this when it came to the video for the first time, my younger sister received it as a gift and I was probably 12 at that time ... What I was told was the lack of film conflict on who have so many movies, the main characters get angry with each other, because when the time comes to explain they simply do not say the one thing you're shouting at the screen that would make sense to the whole deal that any person with reasonable intellect would know to say. This is what I like the most about the film that I think the main characters do not mean things to each other half way ... they do not break up and make up, the movie goes. <br /> <br /> These two children join the team and, although they seem to be on the opposite sides of the play, they are not so different. Loui is actually a middle-class kid who had to figure out how lucky a loving family would be, and Cecelia was a younger age child who had just to prove to her family that she was there and would miss her if they were gone. Anyway, I saw the movie posted on Hulu and I had to see it again ... sure there are plot holes if you analyze the scenario and no, Woog and Dweeb should not eat hot dogs because they would have been grazing in reality. <br /> Now, what distorts the movie is an unexpected hesitation. Small children under the age of 5 would probably be scared of the scenes with Dr. Screweyes. And adding it to the middle of the movie (though it's obviously obvious in the first scene it's going to do) is too steep ... it should be a glimpse of his show earlier in the movie, maybe to show that it is not so scary without dinosaurs. I think he really had no real danger for the first half of the movie, so he lacks a little continuity when he appears for the second half. Given the target audience, who are sure to overlook animations and dialogue issues that do not mind the mind ... I think I'll give them a pass over those factors and enjoy this story. It's a wonderful movement for the child and it's missing in your mind ... it makes you think about how you treat people and should come back every 10 years, I think.
