I have not always been a fan, but the show has grown on me. Only after Season 5 I began to see the richness of the show. They eventually brought Daniel Jackson's quest for his wife, and eventually most of the Go, ould System Lords were killed by rival Lorzii, SG-1 or others. Toward Season 5, Stargate SG-1, began to learn. With new writers and close attention by producer Peter Deleuise, the show has become more and more solid. The characters had become obsolete at the same time. Colonel Jack O'Neill was the stereotype hero with emotional baggage. After his son, Charlie, was killed in a shooting incident with O'Neill's gun, he decided to end his life by going to Abydos to cope with the Go'ould RA. The character offers a small increase for any actor and actor Richard Dean Anderson chose to play it directly raising the emotional barriers to protect himself. leaving only his close friends. <br /> <br /> Amanda Tapping joined the cast as Captain Samantha Carter. She was feminine at the edge, ready to fight any man who doubted her ability to do her job. Though this character did not have much to do, Tapping did a great job focusing on Carter's strengths. She took the time to get a basic understanding of some of the things Carter talks about in order to intelligently present the character. <br /> <br /> Christopher Judge joined the show by playing the foreign Teal'c. Teal'c was an alien named Jaffa. Infant Go'ould (snake creatures) would be incorporated into Jaffa until they reached the point where they would have been introduced into another life form. Jaffa would die. Teal'c was Apophis' first prime minister. Knowing that Apophis was not a god the Go'ould claimed, he realized the genocide their armies had on the galaxy. Eventually, with quite a lot, he and Jack O'Neill freed their team with some innocent people. When he arrived on Earth, he realized that Earth was the planet he was looking for, to help him fight the Gul. Christopher Judge did little, with a limited character. Teal'c is a wise warrior, many of them learned from his teacher, Master Bra'tac. The show will not be complete without Master Bra'tac played by Tony Amandola. It is also a rock. Eventually, he became a counselor to most SG-1s, especially Daniel Jackson. <br /> <br /> Don S. Davil was there from the beginning playing Major General George Hammand. Davis did an incredible job with Hammond making him sympathetic and normal. He does his job, he has a wife, sons and daughters and grandchildren. You can really say he is the anchor of the base. I would simply die for that man. If its superiors are not allowed to offer troops to support teams in the world. He will go alone. Do not leave anyone behind. I saved Dr. Daniel Jackson for the last time, because that character, I think he grew most in the ten or eleven years he was. In Shanks' choice, I do not think the producer figured out how strong the Shanks are, and now, when he talks about Jackson, they do not talk about Spader, I'm talking about Shanks. In the early years, the Jackson character came out like a whiner. That's why I probably was not a fan. As the seasons were glued, the character became stronger. This gave him confidence. Eventually, starting with season 10, the Jackson character matured to the point where he became a self-sacrificing hero. He continues to monitor the ethics of the groups. He continues to provide information that can move any mission forward. Acheology, history, culture and exploration are part of its very being. He is determined. Although a man of peace, he matured to the point where using his weapon may be the only way to resolve a disagreement. Other characters include, most recently, Vala Mal Doran (Claudia Negru) and Colonel Cameron Mitchell (Ben Browder), the new SG-1 leader. Both actors come from a series called Farscape and why they have been put together are any riddles. I see a little difference between Mitchell and Crichton (the Farscape character). Black's character is simply on the wall. Clearly different from her soldier, like Arin's character soon.
