Wow, many reviews for the Devils Experiment are here. Wonderful. My name is Steve and I'm Driving Unearthed Movies. We just started to release Guine Pig DVD movies for North America. Now, before you ask why I'm writing a review? Instead, she asks why some people do it. I'm writing this review because I love Guine Pig movies. Why I love them is because they go to their throats and do not let them. I've seen everything. Almost any horror film known to man, Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. from any sense of underground worship at every Hollywood blockbuster. I've seen everything, and the movies that have stayed in my head over the years have definitely been Guine Pig movies. Why do not we try to hide the reason why we're watching horror movies in the first place. This review is for the Devils experiment. It seems to me that I do not have the story that is good to me. Why watch horror movies? So I can see the blood, the gorilla and the torture of people. The Devils experiment not only offers, but that's all it is. Pure, unjust violence. Yeah, I like a story, but sometimes I want the gore and the Devils Experiment to give it ten times. Why do people do it? Because they love a story, so that torture and death of a person can be hidden behind a story. It makes them feel better about themselves. We all want blood and gore. It is very hard to justify it if it is not wrapped around a story. Guinee Pig films have a historical significance for them and created a definitive sprinkling whenever they were released. I'm delighted to be able to release one of the world's most famous horror series. Maybe I should not have written this review, but maybe it should. My vision is the cause of the biased release, but it is not again. I've always told people to find them and watch them before they start shooting Unearthed. Of course it's also workable, but it's not the reason why we're watching horror movies first. The Devils experiment is not for everyone. It's just for fear and gorehounds. If you think Jason's movies and Freddy Krueger's movies are great, stay with them. But if you're at the next level and you've seen everything, then the Devils Experiment is for you. There is a reason why they have not been released for over 17 years. They are wrong, disgusting and scary down, and there's nothing to watch with your mother unless it's totally cool. Good luck, enjoy and never stop living your life.
