I liked this show for two reasons: 1. Richard Dean Anderson 2. Amanda Tapping. These two artists performed the show with the support of ordinary and recurring actors. Replacing ADR in seasons 9-10 was enough to get the heart out of the show. The chemistry between all the main characters is just extraordinary. You have the feeling that actors prefer to move after the camera stops. This relationship takes place in the program we see. ADR gives his credibility to the character "O'Neill". He never knows when to give the wicked the rest. Observe others that they are distorting their eyes with some of their words. Yet they know that he is the man who is around when the situation is dangerous. There is a lot between "Carter" and "O'Neill" under the surface. They manage to keep the lid, but often only barely. The episode "Solitudes" in season 1 had some of the best dramas ever seen on television. The love of the two made the prospect die to bear because they faced her. "Carter" and "Jackson" have to smooth out some of O'Neill's turbulence. However, tactical instincts "O'Neill" always seem safe. He understands what to do without thinking about this problem. The team was several times endangered by the others without listening to their orders. Quality dropped significantly in Seasons 9 and 10. The original arch of the story was most often consumed, and the new criminals have never caught up with me. Ben Browder was far inferior to ADR in conducting the show. She had rare moments with Claudia Black, but that was all. Amanda Tapping called her shows in these two seasons. You could see her very changed appearance after you have a baby. She probably thought more about the child than about the show. "Stargate Atlantis" has a few moments, but it's more of a weaker effort. Major characters do not have the chemistry of the original piece. Wraiths are so improbable that they are absurd. Perhaps Amanda Tapping can live a lifetime in the program or it will not last beyond the fourth season. It has always been a problem for me in the special effects for the show. To have pyramidal spacecraft is a rare monstrosity of design in Sci-Fi. Using the illumination torches in these ships is just as bad. The use of the ancient Egyptian decor, which hides ultra-modern technology, is equally hard to accept. I also asked about a continuity of the show. In season 2, "Daniel Jackson" is shot and his uniform has a hoarse hole where he was injured. She crawls into a sarcophagus and heals her body and restores her uniform as if she just got out of the rack in the cabinet closet. The Hathor episode has a sarcophagus that comes into the hands of the SGC, but is never mentioned. This device could have been used in several episodes later on "Daniel", "O'Neill" and "Dr. Frasier".
