The "Kiss of the United States" House of Games is the debut direct from playwright David Mamet and is an effective psychological thriller and sometimes surprising. She sees Lindsay Crouse as the best-selling psychiatrist, Margaret Ford, who decides to confront the player who has led one of her patients to contemplate suicide. By doing so, she leaves the safety and comfort of her life commonplace behind and travels "the city center" to visit the low places, House of Games. Player Mike (played excellent by Joe Mantegna) turns out to be somewhat sharpened and crafty. He gives Crouse a business, if he is willing to sit with him at a game, a big money game behind the room, he will cancel the patients' debts. The card game is running and soon the psychiatrist and the players see themselves in a familiar line of work (gaining the trust of others) and start a fascinating relationship. What makes the Gaming House interesting and an essential vision for any fan of the movie is the constant guess of who is in control, his psychiatrist or con man is the well-known man of the great bluffs David Mamet. > <br /> In the House of Games, the direction is boring and often smooth and unbeaten, yet in every film David Mamet is the story that is essential to the whole procedure, not to the direction. In House of Games, this is partly due to the spectacular performances of the two spectacular performances (spectacular and distracting) but, as is the case with much of Mamet's work, is the dialogue that catches you and draws you slowly movie . No one in the Game Room says what it means and conversations become battlefields and word warfare. All double bluffs and bluffs, reminiscent of a natural order of poker games. This is an ongoing theme throughout the movie and is used to have a great effect at the right times to create enormous volumes of tension. The games house can also be regarded as a class-war movie. With Lindsay Crouse, we have a well-educated middle class educated psychiatrist, and Joe Mantegna is the complete opposite, America's working class who earns its existence through honest crime. The movie seduces the viewer just like Crouse is seduced by Mantegna, and the final result is ultimately a very satisfying piece of American cinema. And the end of the movie is definitely a thing for everyone to see and take care of, it's amazing. An extraordinary movie experience that deserves repeated viewing. 9/10
