The gaming house is a mandatory spell. It's so beautiful to occasionally see movies that are perfect dozens. There are a few movies I've seen and I can catch you so fast. From the opening scene this movie just gets you. I am struggling hard not to give too much to those who have not seen this yet, but there will be a lot of SPOILERS so do NOT READ WHEN YOU REALLY REALLY DO NOT KNOW. I'd say House of Games is not just a gorgeous movie, it's the best movie about con artists that I've never seen. From the moment the movie ends, it begs to be reproduced. Lindsay Crouse as Margaret Ford is simply perfection, from the manner to the inflection of her voice, she immediately becomes her role. Joe Mantegna was also wonderful. The dialogue in this movie is of almost unscriptural quality and these two people communicate as much in a way as with their voices. I also liked the way the film was filmed, in that granular, surrealist type, fit perfectly and helped make the film what it was. There have been some movies I've seen and loved that reminded me of the inclusion of The Grifters and The Obvious Suspect, but indeed, the House of Gaming is completely different in its own way. Margaret and Mike are two of the most absorbent characters I've seen on the big screen and not only have a screen chemistry that is powerful and palpable from when they meet, but the accumulations that start from the moment who looked at each other is electrifying. You know something will happen, but you have no idea. And just when you think you guess what "something" is, you realize that you have not even scratched the surface .... House of Games is one of those movies that can be tied to a certain type of movie, but it is basically a a film about human nature. The character's study refers not only to the mind of the artist but also to the victim. As the movie moves and we know each other more about the main characters, we learn about them not only by what they say, but also as they say. It's a great study of characters and it is flawless in the way it is hurrying to end. In conclusion, I would classify 10 out of 10, I call it (although not my favorite movie, quite high on the list), certainly remarkable and would go so far as to say it is called one of the best character studies and it contains some of the best twists I've ever seen. Although I love all types and genres of movies when it comes to films of the human psyche, it really does not get much better than that. See this movie.
