This is my first film directed by David Mamet. It fits, since it was his first. <br /> <br /> The story here is uneven and moves over time like any con, from the little ones to the big ones, to the cone all the same. It's like "The Grifters," but without the cinematic level of this film. (In that film, John Cusack was a kind of gentle, but that was the character of his character.) The actor here is very flat (sometimes I was wondering if the gentle acting by Crouse should have been a kind of attack on psychoanalysis). At least at first. It's never done well, but it's evolving beyond painful reading of the rigid line after about ten minutes. At the beginning of the film, some of Lindsay Crouse's lines - as he reads them - sound like a monologue or inner narrative, which they are not. With Mantegna's arrival, things rise. The dialogue here is not as fun as it should be. I was expecting lines of scratch that roll, but they are not happening. Everything seems very read, not spoken. Perhaps Mamet has evolved after this film and has weakened, but if not, then maybe he should let others straighten their words. He is too precious with them here and as a result, they lose their rhythmic, jazz quality. What's stranger is that, besides, the movie does not look or feel like a piece. The room is very cinematic. My only problem with "Glengarry Glen Ross" was that it would seem too much like the movie theater, but in this film the actors were not only made, but they were relaxed and free. Everything that's flowing. I would not mind so much if it sounds like movie characters who are talking lines - or even playing characters playing lines - but it sounds like movie characters (or even books) talking lines of play. It's a strange mix of theater and film that does not work. That does not mean that the movie is bad - it is not, it is often extremely fun. The best piece is in the middle. She is a standard film: the new guy (in this case, the girl) Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) gets involved in the sharp world. How she gets involved is: she is a psychiatrist and one of her patients, Billy is a compulsive player. He wants to help him with his gambling debts, so he enters the Games House, a disproportionate playroom where men are working in a back room. I admit that the configuration is quite unlikely. (They expected the Croos to enter, if they expected to write a check, was Billy on it? One of these questions is definitely the answer to the final, however.) And from here they are beginning to roll. We have found that the beginning ones - the little ones that teach - are the most fun. We have a lesson in cone art, such as Crouse. <br /> <br /> We see the coming of the end, and then we did not see the second coming finally and then the real end that I have not seen but maybe you did. The ball continues to repeat back and forth and until the last scene of the film we realize that the second Crouse entered the Games House and found the real call. I will forgive the forgiveness of the opening, the improbable bit and the strange reading of the line, because here are many good things. If the first part of the movie seems to be crunching, stay with it. After the half-hour signal, it has an impulse. If you want a fun movie, then it's here. If you want Mamet, go see Glengarry Glen Ross again - James Foley did it better. <br /> <br />
