David Mamet wrote the script and made his directorial debut with "House of Games," a psychological-accented character study in which a psychiatrist is lured into the dark world of trustworthiness. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful experience and wrote a best-selling novel, "Driven". However, she is somewhat dissatisfied with her personal life; there is an emptiness she can not define or solve, and it gets her vulnerability. When a patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein), gives him during a session that he owes big money to players and will kill him if he does not pay, he decides to intervene on his behalf. This leads her to the "House of Gaming", a small drop he meets with Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic consort that does not waste any time before drawing it into his world. Instead of "big twenty-five" that Billy claimed, Mike showed up his book and turns out to be eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to clear the slate if he agrees to make a simple favor, involving a card game he did in the back room. In the middle of a large hand, Mike will leave the room for a few minutes; While he left, her task is to look at "telling" one of the other players. At this moment, not only Margaret, but the audience, is included. Dialogue, Mamet's unique style and the exact cadence with which his actors give their lines are fascinating. As Mike leads Margaret through his convincing and surreal realm of existence, and introduces it into the complexity of the game, we are swept along. Since his first memorable encounter, when he demonstrates what he is saying and how he works, at the lessons of the "short cone," at the amazing summit of this film, Mamet retains his conviction with a relentless urgency. And nothing seems. Finally, Margaret teaches some hard lessons about human life and nature, about herself. It changes; and whether it is for the better is open to speculation. Mantegna is absolutely riveted in this movie; it gives every possible nuance a complex character that must be able to lead you voluntarily in the shadows and do it. The circle also turns into remarkable performance here; you feel the rigid and tense disturbance that revolves under that calm and safe exterior, and when her experiences with Mike induce her change, it makes you feel how deep it has penetrated. It makes you think she is capable of what she does and makes you understand it too. Support dynamics include Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Walsh (businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). "Gaming House" is Mamet Quintessence; he has written and directed a series of high-caliber tracks and films since then and will undoubtedly pay us more in the future. But this film will define him; and you can go to the dictionary and look for it. You will find under "Perfection". This is a wonderful movie you do not want to miss. I've rated this 10/10.
