I really do not know what people have against this movie, but it's certainly one of my favorites. It is not a sermon, it is not anchored by morality, it should not be controversial. Just God. Any God Possible, Regardless of Religion. And it's very funny. Jim Carry plays Bruce Nolan, a television reporter usually blocked on the lighter side of the news, desperate to prove (more or less alone) that he can be taken seriously and doing a good job in a job anchor. This is what slowly drives the beautiful girlfriend on Grace (Jennifer Aniston). When the final straw is executed, he is quick not to laugh, but to shout before God, which gives Bruce the strength. Bruce then makes his life better for himself until he is guilty of helping others, where he continues to lose his point of view. Meanwhile, his constant enthusiasm about his life makes him more selfish, leaving the relationship on dangerous ground. Okay, it was a long one. But as a plot, it works well. The step-by-step way we face the challenges of being God is much better than clustering together its problems, and it can hide pretty well. As you probably know from the hearing about this movie first, Carrey's passion - the perfect act is in character (which, fortunately, he is), controls and gives atmosphere to the stage scene scene. Whether they will recognize it or not, the role was written or rewritten exclusively for Carrey. Without him, humor would return, and humor is half-execution. And humor is very good first and foremost. But without Carrey, he would feel like a wonderful Wannabe life. Jennifer Aniston is great and, no matter what some say, she does not act as the only excuse for the third act. At least, you do not believe that when you see it. She offers a frank performance and makes you forget that you look at a movie, she and Carrey feel very much like a real couple. The film feels ggooooodd (see the film to be understood), has a very nice feel, approached the idea properly and better than expected, and as a whole, should never have been called slapped together just to save his career Carrey (who was not going anywhere).
