With Jim Carrey, Morgan Freeman, Jennifer Anniston I was really pretty skeptical at the first viewing of this movie. I mean, what NIGHTMARE conception. Jim Carrey playing God? Nothing is sacred anymore. Well, this film is hardly sacred, but it is not sacrilegious, at least not to a large extent. Yes, Jim Carrey has the powers of God for a while, but he is not God. Confused? I'll get you down. Jim Carrey plays Bruce Nolan, a reporter who loses luck and feels very bad in life. He lives with his beautiful girlfriend, Grace (Anniston), and you can say that the bat loves each other, but the relationship is on a fairly flat ground. Then Bruce takes a shot at the anchor, just to be stolen by Evan Baxter. Obviously, please do not, Bruce shares his thoughts with the world through television in a way that is comic and certainly worthy to fire him. Very much complaint and care of God later, Bruce receives a page. After a while, he gets bored with the call, so he answers and walks to the Omni Presents building (heh). There he meets God (Freeman), who is the Chief, Electrician and Janitor of the building. It seemed very funny to me. God is the Head, the Holy Spirit is the Electrician, and Jesus Christ is the Master. Think about this. Boss, obviously. Electrician, the guy who keeps everything moving. Janitor, the guy who cleans the dirt the world has left. BRILLIANT. However, Bruce is a bit skeptical about meeting God, but when God gives Bruce the power and gives him a chance to play God, he starts to think a bit. I wonder why. Introduce flagrant abuse of powers for personal gain and abuse of enemies. Since this is Hollywood, Bruce obviously finally understands, teaches the lesson and begins to use his powers for the good of the world. Finally, he calls for God to take it and pray that His will be done, not Bruce. Since Jim Carrey, the movie is quite funny and there are certainly some of the funniest moments in it. The film is not the perfect theology, but for Hollywood, it is certainly a good test. Many of the allegations in the film can be quite challenging and even provocative, and I applaud Tom Shadyac for his effort in this film. So far from being perfect, certainly a funny popcorn movie with little thought behind her. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: 3.5 out of 4 (worth a view or two)
