This series is set one year after the mission in Abydos in Stargate. She explains many things the film has neglected to mention. For example, how was the Stargate enabled without a human computer? Where did the Goa'uld (Ra's) come from? How many are there? <br /> <br /> The first episode has a retired Jack O'Neill (written with 2 Ls) recruited into General George Hammond's service due to an attack on Apophis' Stargate Prison, a powerful Goa'uld who killed four men and kidnapped a woman. We meet Samantha Carter, a brilliant scientist who claims to have gone through the Stargate first and is determined to go through it. We find that Daniel married Abydos and that there are hundreds of mail addresses that I can form. Then Daniel's wife is captured by Apophis and becomes her new queen. Continues in the second episode where General Hammond announces the formation of the SGC, which includes nine teams in which Jack's team will be SG-1, consisting of Jack, Samantha and Daniel. They go to Chulak, a world of Goa'uld origin to save Daniel's wife and still catch it in Abydos named Ska'ra. They are captured, and as Apophis gives orders to kill them and many other prisoners, a Jaffa called Teal'c, Apophis' first primate, saves them and goes to Earth with them, where he is part of SG-1 . <br /> <br /> That was just the beginning of the adventure. During the show, they have arrived in the past and in the future, transported to alternative realities, changed bodies, met alien races that included a rebellious Goa'uld alliance called Tok'ra, where Samantha's father becomes a member, Asgard, a nice race in which we see Thor most often (Jack's boyfriend), and we often avoid the global catastrophe from the teeth. The show was recently canceled, but it lasted ten seasons. In the new season, a new enemy called Ori came in the emergence of new powers, new dangers, and bringing to light new mysteries around Stargate and its ancient creators. The new season and the ten have also seen the introduction of two new characters, Ben Browder, as Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of SG-1 and Claudia Black as Vala MalDoran, a human face from another world that brings a new sense of fun to the team. <br /> <br /> Very good products, exciting characters, fantastic special effects and a subtle love interest between Samantha and Jack, it has it all. A different way to travel the galaxy and different types of adventure is a show you do not want to miss. Unlock the gate and jump. You won t regret!
