He said movies and baseball thrived during the Great Depression. It seems that the gloomy realities of a nation caught up by this economic disaster created a need for occasional help for the population. A temporary escape could be found in the baseball series of soap operas. Also, an occasional 2 or 3-hour trip to the dark auditoriums of cinema. The presence of a radio station in almost every world has kept America's Depression Era America at the same time as World Events and has provided many dramas and (especially) Comedy for a pleasant interlude from the harsh reality. The time also bloomed at all levels. New reading habits have helped create the comic book as we know it, with all the fantastic characters and super-exciting adventures. But the comic book did not appear magically, all fully developed with all four colorful colored pages, all by itself. They had environments that were ancestral to them. Obviously, Comic Strip magazine was a parent, providing the visual / narrative storytelling method. The other direct ancestor was the Pulp magazine. Cheap, story-based projects that have had a great story about the same adventure characters in continuous, though not necessarily serialized, stories. The pulp was about a few decades ago and presented it to TARZAN from Edgar Rice Borrough and ZORRO by Johnston McCulley. The 1930s brought a crop like characters like SHADOW, AVENGER, G8 BATTLE ACES and SPIDER, MASTER OF MEN, found their way to news stalls among many others. Another was DOC SAVAGE, a super hero full of blood of the written story; the pulp caps probably had the hero's only "picture". With extraordinary force, super-intense sensations and a protein genius intellect, Doc was the Super Hero prototype. He also gathered 5 of his former army buddies in a small and free adventure team. Each of them was an expert in a certain field. So I had a top rated: chemist, lawyer, construction engineer, electrical engineer, geologist-archaeologist-paleontologist, etc. Doc Savage's stories were very popular in the 1930s and 1940s and were published in the mid-1950s. Then they entered a break for a good 12-15 years. Then the brainstorming managed to re-pack the old Romanes into the new "container", the booklet. A new look for the art of coating was introduced, containing a series of highly stylized paintings by the very muscular Doc with a perpetual shirt. The reintroduction has proven to be a great success, with the publication of a title per month (and for a while longer). Soon, it was a rumor about a Doc Savage movie! But when, why manufacturer? Well, the venerable "Man of the Bronze" has returned to the news for over 10 years before reuniting a real project. He was a veteran, animator and top special effects maker, Geoprge Pal, who made the film together with Warner Brothers. When DOC SAVAGE, MAN OF BRONZE arrived at Movie Houses, he boasted a well-prepared team of actors, though largely No Name, as a familiarity with the audience. With his former Tarzan television, Ron Ely played almost perfectly at the top, soon and soon Starlette Beauty, Pamela Hensley at the head of the female and veteran character Paul Wexler (as a bastard, Captain Seas); no other name would have been recognized. And, maybe it was a plus in this case. The story has a good job to both get the most audience familiar with the incredible group and at the same time get a plot going. The use of the narrative, by Paul Frees, and short films are the pursued method to move the introduction along the main body of the story. From the beginning, there are suggestions that this story will go with the same humor made "Camp" as the Batman TV series. Some truly wonderful scenes that involve Doc and the entire crew doing their own specialties are thrown into humor by Paul Frees' storytelling and unexpected and unlikely results. (For example, a Doc's experiment with a rocket / miniature rocket proves to be part of a fish catching method, a small one at that.) The whole story unfolds like this, hitting the spectator with a small "Camp" often to remind us that we should not take it too seriously. We are also puzzled by the fact that Mr. George Pal is the Manufacturer (his last). The one who was so well known for special effects, certainly a factor that could be used in a science-fi action of the Pulp world. I remember seeing it alive. Mrs. Ryan (Deanna) was in the hospital, just when she gave birth to our second child, Michelle (08/14/75). Our older woman, Jennifer, visited her grandmother, so after the visit ended in the maternity ward, she was directly to Marquette's 63rd & Kedzie Theater, here in Chicago. and being a guy with a good familiarity with the Doc, I was a kind of disappointment with the final product. I could accept a little of this Camp business, but it would not be opposed if dlPal would have agreed to let them sit up and have real dinosaurs and volcanoes and give it all less Pulp / Comic / Serial of Type Excitement. And yet, the distribution, led by Mr. Ely and the others, made the whole movie pleasant, if not appealing. The sets and locations were, as far as we can see, very similar to those of a series of adventure or adventure films that would be enjoyable to anyone. And maybe that's what they tried with this DOC SAVAGE, MAN OF BRONZE.
