This is a good episode of The New Twilight Zone, which actually includes interesting ideas and intelligent stories (note that both are based on short stories). The "Examination Day" is set in the future, the unknown year, but at a time when they have candle cakes that shine, huge television telephones that double as many other entertainment cars and are only distributed to those of a certain age. . and Day of Examination, a point where 12-year-old children must be subject to an IQ test requested by the government. The child is the story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) just celebrates his 12th birthday and is a smart kid, so he is calm and even keen to take the test he saw that his friends are going through easily and knows he will excel in grades school. His parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment), on the other hand, say they should not have used their birthday wish to get a good score, and while their motive includes they think he is capable and do not worry, it's quite obvious that they are worried. I will not give anything in the end, but I will say this - it is a point where we look at what is to come as far as why the test is such a difficult subject: that evening (or another?), His parents ask Dickie if he prefers to watch TV all night. By today's standards, we'd love to say he would read rather than just because it's not worth watching ... but why would his family ask for it? The taste of what is encouraged and discouraged in the future reminded me a little of Harrison Bergen's atmosphere (which I heard did not get a big screen adaptation). I just want that they could have provided an opening and closing narrative to make the theme as strong as the outdated man. It seemed to me better than the short story on which it was based. I did not read the one based on "A Message from the Charity," but it would have been that since it was interesting - a 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill) suffered a fever from unclean water, always common in his hometown of Massachusetts ... but he is able to see through the eyes of a young Puritan who suffers from the same type of fever, Charity Payne (Kerry Noonann), who is also able to experience what happens around him. Both are recovering, especially since it is customary for this to happen in 1985, but the connection does not disappear. Charity is curious about the attractions and sounds it has been recording since 1985, and each of them enjoys the mutual company, especially Peter, who has passed marks in school enough to always feel isolated from other students, even in college who stood in one place. However, things happen in an unexpected direction when Charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend who claims that the 13 colonies will be broken off from England as a sign of kindness, adding that she was spared by the death of both common in 1700). The two try to learn a way to save her. The end is sad but has an interesting final moment that makes it touch. Both segments of this episode include a lot of pain, but both times, through a lesson / warning that sounds like something that Rod Sterling would have cooked and would like to entertain, we looked cheerfully like memories that friendship, love and wisdom do much. Probably 3/4 of this does not have the theme, but somehow I think everything was approved by Sterling's crew.
