Jim Carrey returns to the same role he played in The Mask, a shy guy who tries to go further in the world, but who seems to be suffering from bad luck. Even when he tries to help a homeless guy to be harassed by a bunch of sticks (and, of course, he must be Mexican, obviously), his good will toward the other man is coming back. In this case, it was not too easy to predict that he was about to have a handful of fools, but I like the film suggesting that such things should not be ignored. I remember Michael Moore's sparkling episode, The Awful Truth, when a man fell down the sidewalk and pretended to be dead and see who actually stops and makes sure it's okay. The results were not very promising, so it's nice to see somebody in the movies give a good example. Jim Carrey plays the role of Bruce Nolan, the nice guy mentioned above, whose life seems to fall apart. Or even better, it seems to break through bad luck as an asteroid that enters the atmosphere (a small metaphor that occurs when Bruce miraculously finds a gigantic story of news later in the movie). Bruce is almost 40 years old and everything he has to show because he is a news reporter like reports of interesting news like the local bakery trying to bake the biggest cookie in the world. He is desperate to get his head anchor on the TV station, but he loses his cool on live television when he hears the job went to his rival colleague. You have to love how they give their time to revealing this news a few seconds before their first live report. Needless to say, he loses his temper on live television in one of the funniest scenes of the whole movie. Morgan Freeman offers a fantastic performance like the man himself, showing a God whose infinite wisdom is somewhat reflected by Freeman's massive talent as an actor. He is a kind of God who takes his job very seriously, but in order to advise his followers (as well as the viewers of this film) that there are times when you have to slow down and do manual labor alive. I like his line that some of the happiest people in the world come home smelling the tall sky at the end of the day. There are a lot of people in the world (maybe more than our share in America) who are so absorbed by their money and their possessions and jobs and everything that has completely lost contact with their natural part as people . > <br /> One of the biggest strengths is that the film is able to offer useful tips to people in general about improving their lives, and this message is clear and acceptable regardless of the viewer's religion. For example, I tend to reject organized religion in all forms and see God and Satan to be metaphors for different aspects of human nature and human psychology, rather than real figures who have ever lived or continue to live. But, despite the fact that I do not think God exists as an entity supervising the universe or as a white-haired porter, scattering the floorboards in his center in his spare time, I was able to appreciate the messages that were delivered in this film. Jim Carrey's films show this fantastic evolution that links them all and makes the new ones look even better just because you can see how far he is coming. If you compare Bruce Almighty with films such as Ace Ventura (both of which I loved, by the way) or much of what he did before going into the movie, it's amazing how far he has come. It has moved from comedy to comedy to comedy that is truly intelligent and significant to this movie, as well as others such as Truman Show, Man on the Moon and The Majestic (one of his greatest movies). Jim Carrey has moved unmistakably from the raw comedy of his past to become one of the most important comic actors working today. Jennifer Aniston also offers once again a great plus to the film (as she did in Office Split Side Partially) as Bruce's girlfriend, who is increasingly exasperated by Bruce's growing stress on life as well as his neglect to ask him to marry him. There is certainly a movie comedy that does not match the importance of the sense of the movie or the quality of the delivery, such as the dog reading the newspaper on the toilet and the whole monkey scene, but it was certainly pretty nice to see Ace Ventura's friend Spike makes a cameo look. As Stephen King knows very well, it's always nice to see familiar characters. It's almost like seeing your family again. Bruce is endowed with the powers of God for a certain period of time so that he can better understand life and say much about himself when he uses powers only for his own purposes rather than to help all people who pray for he. The thing I love is that, as I said earlier, religion is absent from my life, but I was able to see this and learn a lot about me and think about what sort of things I would do if I have been endowed with such skills. The film allows us to learn similarly, which makes the message stronger. Scenes involving the newsstation are easily the funniest in the whole movie, such as the scene when Bruce loses temperament about the anchor site, Jimmy Hoffa's scene (which was conveniently buried with an original birth certificate and a complete set dental records), the scene in which Bruce's rival colleague is made to make nuts on the room, and my favorites, the ones at the beginning and end involving the local cooking of the bakery. The film has enough time for Carrey to offer some great jokes, such as when telling God (who reveals that he is the guardian, owner, electrician, etc.) that his Christmas parties have to be real beats and be careful about drinking, because they may need a trip home! I also loved the end when it says that behind every big man is a woman who is praying for her eyes. A little too true, and, as Gallagher would add, behind every big man is also a stunning mother-in-law. Bruce Almighty is one of the most memorable comedies that has come out for a long time, and is probably the only direct religion I can remember when I see that I am anxious to buy DVDs to add my own collection. It's a comedy written and interpreted with good taste, but with relatively low foliage humor to keep the kids entertained. This is a significant comedy for the whole family, which is becoming rarer and rarer these days. In a world that will be frightened with another American Pie movie and a Scary movie (which are just scary because of their pure barbarian idiots), it's nice to see there are people who make comedies worth watching. Do not miss this.
