With the title, this first follow-up at QUARTET (1948) obviously reduces the number of W. Somerset Maugham's stories that include the film. The author still appears to enter the episodes, but there is no epilogue this time; by the way, while the scenario of the original compendium gave a single credit R.C. Sheriff, here Maugham himself borrowed his hand in adaptation, as well as Noel Langley (although it is unclear whether they contributed a segment or worked together). As expected, much of the QUARTET crew was detained for the second installment - although this extends to at least three castron members, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer in QUARTET entitled "Colonel Lady"). While TRIO is ultimately a smaller achievement than its predecessor (slightly unbalanced by the third story, which occupies more than half of the running time), it is still done with the utmost care, it acted with a star paint and is pleasing to the business. "Verger" says about a sexton church (James Hayter) - for which the title of the story is another word - which was dismissed after 17 years of service by the new priest (Michael Hordern) just because he is illiterate. Rather than rest on the laurels despite his age, he not only takes a wife (his home, played by Kathleen Harrison), but opens a strategically placed tobacco shop in a long stretch of road where it is not offered no service - thriving, this is developed in a whole chain. The last scene then sees him visiting the bank manager, Felix Aylmer, who is not only surprised to learn about Hayter's lack of education, but is urged to ask what other interests he was - the rich and respect), the trader responds, with a certain irony, that he called to be a verger! <br /> <br /> The second episode, Mr. Know-All, is the shortest, but perhaps even the most interesting: a sea voyage is totally unbearable by the unbearable presence of a young pompous Nigel Patrick), British, despite Kelada's name, shining, authority on almost any subject under the sun. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are the two passengers who have to bear it the most - the latter because he shares a cabin with the man and the former for Patrick's attention on his beautiful wife (Anne Crawford). However, during a fancy party, passengers decides to declare Kelada "vengeance" by the fact that one of them is impersonating him (a jest he does not appreciate)! however, here he is trying to show a decent part of his character - Crawford said that his necklace is an imitation, Wayne is causing Patrick to call his price ... but the latter she immediately realizes it's true, and that's what Crawford's stance compromises if she says, so Kelada gets publicly ridiculed, rather than exposing that the woman probably has a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As can be deduced from the title, "Sanatorium" deals with countless patients in such a place - led by Andre Morell; the protagonist is a new intern, Roland Culver, who proudly observes the various actions. The narrative emphasizes in particular three separate parts of the plot - a humorous one ("spell" between two elderly residents in the sanitarium, interpreted by Finlay Currie and John Laurie), a melodramatic (the erratic relationship between dissatisfied patient Raymond Huntley and his wife beloved but devoted Betty Ann Davies) and a bitter (the love of Jean Simmons, naive and charming, Michael Rennie, who, despite having everything against him, including Morell diagnosing Simmons a "kidnapper" in time what Rennie only has for a few years, leads the couple to the altar).
