I saw a trailer for this on Afro Promo, the film collection of films featuring African-Americans. Show how it looks; an extremely tentative, "stingy" comedy, in which a dark black man realizes that his son is gay. It seems that Redd Foxx (RF)'s wife left his brother working with him at Phoenix's "store". He took the bus to visit his son Norman is Los Angeles. As the RF reaches, Norman, wearing only bikini shorts in the form of a blue powder, comes out of the water bed to respond to the door. Trying to buy time, making his elderly father take the stairs to what appears to be the 60th floor, Norman tries to awaken his boyfriend, who firmly refuses to shake. It was just the point where I wrote "WHY will not you wake up?" when I suddenly do it, and I and my boyfriend's jaws have escaped for the first time many times, as shown by our first sight of the Studio with the blue, blue-eyed eyes of Norman's white lover, who just " most of them faaaaaaaaaaa the dream? "Garson is a flaming queen of a guy who can be imagined as having appeared since 1976 LA He has dresses, a bag and a big jewel, and seems to have modeled both the appearance and character of Carol Brady of at The Brady Bunch. > Norman orders her boyfriend to find another place to stay during his father's visit. Garson goes to hang with Waylon Flowers, and the lady answers the phone when Norman shouts. So RF is trying to reach his wife in Mexico. While on the phone, Garson comes to pack his dress and RF faces him. With a breath of 70-year-old soul music meant to evoke his dawn revelation (but it sounds more like hearing a very special piece of The Emotions), he realizes that his son is gay. the first impulse is to kill him, kill him. Then RF goes on a long walk in which he cycles through all the thoughts a confused parent might have, such as "maybe I have the toilette instructed it too soon." His thoughts are triggered by something he sees in the walk, for example a truck driver who appears as he contemplates what a real man does. Surprisingly, she goes to a bookstore and buys about eight books on homosexuality. This, to be said, is about eight books on homosexuality than my parents have bought. Then go straight to a park bench and read them all! <br /> <br /> RF hires Audrey, a six-foot amazonian prostitute (in this amazing fur) played by Tamara Dobson from Cleopatra Jones. He hired Norman to try heterosexuality, but that upset Norman and sneaked up with his friend Melody. Then, Garson comes over and offers to take RF out for the night. He testifies to the loss of the RF wife and tells the story of his own mother, who violates an irrational injury to Pilippinos because "she was molesting at a luva". He participates in a long interpretation of Wayon and the lady, which culminates in the fact that the lady strikes her head violently with the piano until her hair becomes free. Again, the mouths were agape. So, apparently, you did not know just that, RF and Garson have a great night together! You see, older traditional traditional men just have to see the extremely effeminate entertainment of mega-queens to come around ALL the gay people they have to offer! It's that simple! This still does not prevent RF from shouting "Rape!" when Garson awakens him from a bad dream. Ends less predictable than you thought. There were so many things that just came out. What is the basis of the relationship between Norman and Garson? They do not seem to have a report, and Norman has no suspicion of hitting Garson and even when he returns to stand up for himself, he does not defend Garson or talk about their relationship. There were strange weird touches as RF will buy all those books about homosexuality - and sitting right on the park bench to read them! I like the idea that a parent would actually try to find something about homosexuality rather than fleeing to get drunk or behave with his friends. Other than that, it is a sort of what looks like: a small relic of a past era, a time when some gay men believed that if scary people just sat down and watched a puppet love performance, I we could teach all of us to love and to understand one another! And because of all the naivety of this, the extreme stereotypes and the messaging dialogue is going away as charming, and it offers a lot of talk about how things have changed for homosexuals over the past 30 years. I think the only thing that seems offensive is the idea that gay friends love themselves desperately and are willing to get drunk to sleep with them and, by extension, convert them. <br /> <br /> Hey, visit Cinema de Merde, my site on bad and cheesy movies (with some good movies thrown in). You can find the URL in my email address above.
