Achieved after QUARTET, TRIO continued the quality of the previous cinematic versions of Maugham stories. Here the three stories are THE VERGER, MR. KNOW-IT-ALL and SANITORIUM. The first two are comic (VERGER is like a long joke, but one with a good pay) and the last worse (such as the health issues involved). Again, the author introduces the film and the stories. James Hayter, who will soon be a signer as Samuel Pickwick, is the hero of The Verger. He owns this wonderful ministry in a church, but the new vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When he hears that Hayter has no school, he burns it. Hayter saved some money, so he tells his wife (Kathleen Harrison) that he wants to buy a little news and a tobacco shop. He has a good eye, and his store thrives. Soon it has a whole chain of stores. When his nephew is baptized by Hordern, he is astonished to see how prosperous his former goer is. The payment is when bank manager Felix Aylmer meets with Hayter about the diversification of his investments. I'll let you hear the unintentional but ironic key of the meeting. According to Maugham, he met a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on a cruise. In MR. KNOW-IT-ALL Kelada is a splash, friendly and a little arrogant from the Middle East who is on a business trip (in terms of jewels) by boat. His state friend is Mr. Gray (Wilfred Hyde-White), which is somewhat disappointing of Max. Max likes to learn things and soon is very involved in the ship's entertainment. At this point, the story actually resembles a part of the plot of the non-Maugham story and the movie SEA CHINA (1935), because Max makes a bet that she can say a real gem from a fake (after insisting that a jewel he saw is real). I will not describe how Max stands up to this occasion. SANITORIUM is the longest segment. Roland Culver performs the role of Ashenden (the fictional algo-ego of Maugham, a writer and spy once, as secretary Hitchcock). Here he has to use a sanitarium for several months for his health. He finds a remarkable team of people, including Jean Simmons, a young but beautiful woman, Finlay Currie as a jerky scotch, John Laurie as a second Scottish jerk who is "at war" with Currie, Raymond Huntley as a quiet patient, shows his inner anger to his situation when his wife and Michael Rennie are shown as a young man who has a serious life-threatening illness. Culver looked at three stories among these characters for their conclusions. The last, dealing with Simmons and Rennie, is ironic, but he's moving deeply. It was a dandy tracking the previous QUARTET and it's worth watching.
