A CRY IN THE DARK A CRY IN THE DARK was a movie we anticipated would give him a phenomenal performance from Meryl Streep and a solid, if not worth a film. This hypothesis came from the fact that, apart from Streep's Best Actress nomination, the film received little attention from the important prize groups. We did not anticipate that CRY IN THE DARK would be such a creepy, well-built drama at every level. If you ask me, this is a classic under-appreciated. The film opens quite slowly, allowing the audience to settle in Chamberlain's room at a relaxed pace and truly notices that in their center, incredibly loving, simple family. Fred Schepisi (director) selects random moments to capture a family on vacation that gives a sense of wandering to the tragedy that follows, also showing the careful happiness with which Lindy (Streep) and Michael (Sam Neill) Chamberlain care for children their. <br /> <br /> While the famous line "A Dingo took my baby!" has become somewhat punchline these days, the movie never comes close to ridicule. The real death of Azaria is terribly captured. It is subtle and realistic, leaving the audience horrified and asking questions. Most of the movie takes place in the courtrooms and focuses on Chamberlain's ongoing struggle to prove his innocence to the press and the court that suspects Lindy of murder. Being clear from the beginning that they are innocent makes straining trials even more frightening. As a member of the audience, I was fully invested in Chamberlain's situation ... and I was really angered and wounded and saddened when they were made terrible by the media. But at the same time, media / public opinion is understandable. I liked the way the media were not made in any way sympathetic, but they always had good reasons to keep their opinions. The final line of the film is very deep and captures the central element that makes this film so different from other dramas in the meeting room. As for the performances, the only things that really matter in this movie are those of Streep and Neill ... and they offer them in all respects. For me, this is one of Meryl Streep's best performances (if not # 1). For all her dominance with different accents (which, of course, are very impressive in her own), Streep never misses the central heart and the soul of her characters. I think this is one of Streep's more subtle performances and strikes her out of the park. And Neill, an actor who never impressed me beyond being charismatic and appealing in the JURASSIC PARK, is a perfect counterpoint to Streep's performance. From what we have seen, this is undoubtedly Neill's best work to date. It's a shame that it has not been recognized by the Academy with a nomination to the top actors to fit with Streep ... b / c the two are playing with each other brilliant. More emotionally catching than most movies, and also incredible suspense ... A CRY IN THE DARK has far exceeded my expectations. I strongly recommend that people who know only the movie as a movie in which Meryl shouts "The Dingo took my baby!" watch the movie and see how much more there is a CRY IN THE DARK then that line. <br /> <br />
