It was hard for me to like anyone in this movie. The central characters, Lindy and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughters disappear during a night in the Australian wing, are not bad people, but then certainly not all or even most of the dozens of people we see in this movie would be bad if I knew them better. But while we are just as sure that the film wants to be guilty or innocent of Chamberlains since the beginning of the tragic disturbance of their lives, the film takes on a more or less sociological perspective on gossip, news, crowds, crowds, and hypotheses. It is not a film about the degenerate society of Australia in particular; it's just a story of a true story that's been there. Mass society is much less evolved than the individual feels assured that we are. When a guard insists on the killing of all the dogs of an aboriginal because of the unconfirmed action of a single wild dog, when a random ruin life rotates even more under control because of most magazines, newspapers and TV programs distorts the tragic truth to a level drama that causes consumers in a frenzy, there are no signs of empathy or even any way of looking beyond their own unknown perceptions, influenced to the left and right by the energetic noises and vibrations of those who surround life. The reason I appreciate the film is that the accent returns inside, from victims to the table. The evidence against Lindy Chamberlain aside, the suspicion was jet-powered by mostly a virtue of her. At the public eye, she did not seem distracted enough by her daughter's death. Why did he manage to keep it cool, even a sort of sliding, not to keep his head up for television and the press? How much of the downward spiral could have been hindered if they had acted more with the public's pleasure in the media? Meryl Streep, one of, if not even the greatest actress who works today, may not give a special performance and, frankly, no other actor or shooting department. But she and the screenwriters understand Lindy. What is annoyed is that it is not that difficult. Apparently, it was not naturally prone to show emotion in public, anyway. Whether or not approachable as a loving character in the immediate sense, we are naturally prone to sympathize with her situation. If her performance is as enjoyable as Sophie's choice, Devil Wears Prada, Angels In America or another such work, is a triumph. It is a difficult mistake to have an audience when you intend to deliberately refuse wisdom. We are frustrated because we do not know what he thinks or feels. It took me a little time to feel loved by her, but this is how the film suggested the reaction of public attention. She is married to a pastor and both practice a religion that is in a small minority and so misinterpreted by the majority. Initially, they react to their loss as if to reconcile with the will of God, starting from a rumor mill that generates the idea that their daughter's death was a kind of ritual killing on their part. Whatever happened to the girl, her parents were part of a margin with which most of the media contributions were not identified immediately, so the first inclination was to go after them like a hungry pack ... well ... /> <br /> Meryl Streep and Sam Neill are always on the screen, but the Australian audience plays real leadership here. As a punctuation for every plot advance, director Fred Schepisi moves away from the restaurant to the tennis court, to the salon party office, where the audience tries Lindy and gets worn in their own passionate projection. This Golan-Globus document is not particularly memorable. The atmospheric atmosphere does not provide pleasing compensation for the fact that no performance or facet of production stands out. But it is very successful as an indictment of the collective consciousness of the public.
