This review contains spoilers for those who do not know the details of the real story on which this film is based. The right to be presumed "Innocent until proved guilty" is a basic right for anyone in a civilized society; but according to Fred Schepisi's story, but unfortunately convincing about a famous Australian crime trial was not given to Lindy Chamberlain, accused of killing her child. The story suggesting her innocence was unlikely (a dingo was supposed to have taken her), but those who even involved her guilt and there was no solid evidence against her. But the Australian public was hampered by the possibility of its guilt, and the profoundly religious Chamberlains appeared shaken when they appeared in the media (and the media themselves, of course, were only innocent in the process). Although they were liquidated through an initial investigation, they were subsequently prosecuted and convicted. Although Chamberlain was eventually released, this shame followed only the discovery of new evidence "proving" their innocence, something that no defendant should produce. "A Cry in the Dark" by Meryl Streep, who puts the convincing Australian accent (at least at Pom's ears) and manages to keep Lindy sympathetic (for us), while still conveying how he managed to become a figure national hatred. The situations in which they are in prison are simple but tortured, because we believe in the characters as real. Regardless of the exactness of this story's story (something I can not comment on), the broader theme of this movie will sound horrible to anyone with a faded knowledge of British popular press and its ruthless habit of calling directly to the least charitable instinct of readers. No legal system will ever be perfect; but the current cry against asylum seekers in the contemporary British tabloids comes from the same evil pit as the voices that left Lindy Chamberlain away. I am not a religious man, but the Bible still contains some deadly lines (if you excuse the word). "Judge, lest you be judged" is one of them.
