In August 1980, Azaria Chamberlain's child disappearance and the procession of her parents, Lindy and Michael, for alleged child murder, provoked an aggression in what was then a very angry nation. The media and the audience have already tried and condemned the accused couple and were thrown in blood. What followed was a serious mistake of justice. Michael and Lindy Chamberlain argued that while they were near Ayers Rock, central Australia, a dingo had taken their ten-week-old daughter out of their tent as they were preparing to eat in the barbecue area. No one believed them. Lindy was accused of killing her baby and Michael as an accessory after the fact. The whole country was abused by the whispers of killing rituals. Chamberlain's trial was over before he started. Lindy never proved her innocence, so she was found guilty. There is never enough evidence to condemn it, yet the jury was influenced by public pressure and press. How could we, as a nation, sue? Where are we, how could we suppose to know? If there is no absolute proof and no reasonable doubt, Chamberlains should have been paid. Fred Schepisi's film unambiguously and entirely supports the argument of John Bryson's novel, that the Chamberlains were completely innocent of their accusations against them. In fact, a dingo took the Azaria child on that fatal night at Ayers Rock. Schepisi captured brilliantly the state of mind of a thirsty nation thirsting with blood, giving rise to the "bringing in" the world. He shows Australia in a rather unexpected light as a people who was completely obsessed with seeing that they are paying Chamberlains! His script, co-written with Robert Caswell, energises emotions and will surely find the audience grieved and angry at the transvestity of righteousness that has taken place. Meryl Streep remarkable offers an incredible woman's performance accused of the most terrible deeds. It brings to life the most convincing of the tough Aussie who was ready to face the allegations and make the world right. Even her accent is close, but not quite, on the spot. A very good effort of the Commander of that trade. Sam Neill is as good as Streep as the first believer, but then disillusioned Michael, who does not understand why their world is breaking apart and begins to question his Christianity. He, like Streep, is a show of great emotional power that will move you deep. The entire distribution of support is also excellent, with some of Australia's finest actors and actresses playing a role. From a technical point of view, the film is brilliant, and the director of photography Ian Baker captures this great land with the splendor of Rock). Editor Jill Bilcock keeps the entire tensioned and emotionally emotional film, while Bruce Smeaton offers a clear score. For all Aussians, this must be seen, a shocking look in the mirror if you want, to what we, as a country, we have made to a family who just wanted to serve righteousness and truth to be known. Just as Michael Chamberlain said, "I do not think nobody really understands what innocence means to innocent people." Saturday, May 20, 1995 - Video Even in returns, Fred Schepisi took into account the cry of justice that affected Chamberlains, who lost the Azaria child to Ayres Rock in 1980, still emotionally strong and honest. Schepisi and Robert Caswell have passed John Bryson's novel on the screen, telling the horrible story of a terrible mischief for Michael and Lindy Chamberlain, whose daughter Dawn Azaria was taken from the family's tent by a dingo just a few moments after being put down. > <br /> Amid media speculation and vicious public rumors, Lindy was accused of murdering her child, and Michael was accused of being an accessory after the fact. What followed was a bit more than the media's attempt, and the Australian people were determined to be released, Lindy was found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment for hard work, although the prosecutor's office could not even a reason and nothing but circumstantial evidence. Meryl Streep is in the highest form as the accused woman battling Australia to prove her innocence. She is truly wonderful, and the only thing that fails is a real blue Aussie accent, though she does best at her level to call the ocker. You may wonder why she was not played as a top Australian actress, but the star's power is probably the answer. Together with Meryl, it is as impressive as Sam Neill, remarkable as the husband who sees the world falling in front of his eyes, while he feels powerless to do anything about it. A strong distribution of Aussie provides convincing support. Editing from Jill Bilcock is very timely, Ian Baker's rock and other cinematic cinemas are visually brilliant, and Bruce Smeaton's music is perfect for this piece. Really a necessity for all conscientious Australians. Sunday, June 15, 1996 - Video
