"A wrong person is often a man who has left something lost, not always the one who did something." - Emperor Marcus Aurelius The DVD version of "Watch on the Rhine" could not come at a better time. We're back in a major piece by Lillian Hellman adapted on screen by Dashiell Hammett (Hellman's author's comment, Bernard F. Dick, says he's the author). It features a subtle interpretation of Bette Davis, who has taken a subordinate role long after the queen of the Warner Bros. Equally important, it reminds us that World War II had a purpose. Sure, you say, as I needed it. I heard Cary Grant preaching in "Destination Tokyo" (1943) about the Japanese boys and their Bushido knives. I watched as the jumble jumps off the living hills of "The Sound of Music" (1965). I went on a tour in England, which was occupied by Germany in the movie "It Happened Here" (1966). However, the truth to say, we still need to spread the message. I have a friend of 81 years who regularly curses Franklin Roosevelt. He feels that FDR has conjugated the U.S. in a foreign struggle that I did not need, causing the death of his favorite cousin. He was encouraged in his demonization of allied leaders and the trivialization of War Two by Patrick Buchanan. The political chronicler has just released a fat-filled book with a thorough research claiming that Adolf Hitler would not have posed any additional threat to Poland, Europe or the world if only in the Third Reich would have been handed over to the Free Danzig City in 1939. Buchanan claims that if those selfish Poles were not confronted with the Nazis, scaring Britain and France altruistically, he would have swallowed the West. He believes that without the rigors of Total War, nobody in Germany would have built gas chambers to provide a final solution to the Jewish problem. Some commentators on this site feel that "the weight of eternal propaganda, perhaps." However, neither my friend nor Pat Buchanan seems to have obtained the point of the film: Some people hurt and kill to break down the land, commodities and freedom of others; the people dominated the Powers of the Axis and "enough" did not appear in their vocabulary Paul Lukas deserved the Oscar he had won He and Bette Davis put a compelling passion in their portraits of refugees fighting the oppressors They give emotional punch because they have been actively facing torture and criminals Bernard Dick notes that Hellman did not care about Lukas as a person since he remained apolitical, of course, as a Hungarian he saw his first hand, the "dictatorship of the proletariat" of Bela Kun, replacing a remote empire and then overthrowing Admiral Horthy's rightwing tyranny. Hammett's piece, Henry Daniell describes sardonic a Wehrmacht officer in the class who despises the brown shirts he serves. Fili von Ramme would undoubtedly be staying with the cop Marshal Rommel in 1944 during the Plot of July 20 against Hitler. In April 1940, however, he was pragmatically encouraged by the Nazi cause, although he insulted Herr Blecher "the butcher" and despised Romanian aristocrat Teck of Brancovis because he tried to teach information about an underground leader. Teck, a poor and a possible savior, wants to get money and a visa to return to Europe, where he can resume the insanity of a life that has come unreached by the Great War and the world's largest economic downturn. He has no political beliefs or scruples about how to negotiate a freedom fighter for tomorrow. Mercury Theater graduate George Coulouris gives this case to the burning out of the Old World cinema a margin of desperate threat Lucille Watson gives life vitality to host the captivating man, an old domed gal who knows his mind and takes it but who does not adequately appreciate the children and their achievements outside the house they control. She and her terrible office son belong to the American version of von Ramme and Brancovis. However, this family has not seen ruin and will never be. There are money people who could quietly move silently, simply, without opposed. This mother and son could easily make choices reflecting that enticing of nationalism and fascism that flourishes today with my friend and Judge Buchanan. "Look at the Rhine" has a regular manicure look. His dialogue reflects his erudite origins on the stage, instead of ringing in the streets. Still, Hellman and Hammett's film has an intestinal power. Audiences still need to hear and consider the call for weapons against grabbers continuously on the march.
