I have seen this movie several times and have seen it today (TCM) only because of Geraldine Fitzgerald. She is a much underestimated actress, and I have to admit I've been in love with her since I first saw her (probably in "Wuthering Heights" 40 years ago). Still, the true star in this movie is Paul Lukas and deserves all the distinctions he has received. It makes it clear, whether we like it or not, that this purpose justifies the means. Nazism had to be stopped and everything that helped made it was good. He gave the children a line of being evil and should not be bad, but as he said earlier when he talked to adults, he would do it again without hesitation. Lukas gave an excellent image to a man caught in this situation and said that what he did was a very hard thing to do. Some people think the victim was a Nazi, but you do not think so - I think it was just money. His Nazi associates knew this, and therefore they did not have much use for him. An interesting point in the film, and perhaps also in the play, is that Muller (Lucas) is German. While the anti-German isterism of the First World War was not repeated in the Second World War, there was a considerable anti-German feeling and some Germans were interviewed similarly to what happened in California with people of origin Japanese. It was Hellman's courage to write a play about good Germans at the moment (maybe she thought they were the ones who signed the Nazi-Soviet pact!). After all, US and British air forces bombed German cities and were not afraid of killing innocent civilians. However, I think the Dresden fire and fire had happened later, after Watch on the Rhine was launched. The title is a word game, because the "clock" in Germany. In fact, Watch am Rhein was a melody of the German army that was used during the Second World War, but the Nazis had their own marker song, which was also used. But Muller is a German and he is engaged in his own "Wach am Rhein". All the other actors did a great job here; although Bodo was too much, there are children like him. I'm surprised he did not realize his father. In real life, you may have done very well.
