This was usually the advice of producer Alexander Korda regarding many of his subordinates; the film is credited with three directors, but in reality Alex, Zoltan Korda and William Cameron Menzies helped her by pushing him to six. For John Kobal's "Top 100 Movies," the study of 81 film critics saw Baghdad Thief reach 55th. A more detailed examination reveals only that Jose Luis Guarner, John Russell Taylor and Kobal themselves voted for photography, but their high places were enough to get close to the halfway mark. World War II saw the production of the film moved around England and America, eventually seeing completion in 1940 and winning three technical Oscars. Just like Citizen Kane, it is, in some ways, a movie that you can admire rather than love. The special effects, outstanding for time, are still reasonable and, in fact, hold on to yourself if you look. But it's not as effective as the boldness of inventions. Among them is a funny horse, built from a kit model, which, when a key is inserted up, is the rear end, starts to fly. There is also a killer toy of the Kali army goddess, (perhaps quite obviously a single woman with two women standing behind her) and a giant spider quite horrible. Also impressive is the culmination with the wonderful flying mat. But the most memorable one has to be Rex Ingram, which appears as a cinematic moment of genius, a djinn (genie) almost a thousand feet tall! Ingram describes the cute as a rather dangerous creature and adds an element of danger to the procedure. And he looked at the moment he was cheated back into his bottle! John Justin is doing well as the Arab king who, for some strange reason, has an English accent and a stiff upper lip. Sabu, astonishingly muscular for 15 years, is almost the same name, Abu, a terribly thirsty thief. After crossing the paths with Jaffer bad (Conrad Veidt), Justin is blind and Abu turns into a dog. When it seems that the rest of the movie will be told in retrospect by blind Ahmed (Justin), we will find that by the middle of the movie we have reached to the present and that the adventure continues. In fact, the second half is somewhat better, being full of a bigger and more fantastic incident in nature. Three small songs, the pepper, the song, although the film lasts for 100 minutes, feels more like a gentle aroma rather than a real ingredient; I would not classify this as musical. It's very funny; Justin and June Duprez are the interest of love for mothers and fathers, Veidt is the wicked villain, and Abu is the youthful thief, unrepeatable. It could take some time to get into the somewhat dated way of thinking and the exaggerated melody of English films in the 1940s, but once you've been in the first half hour or so, this movie really attracts you. Pretty commendable.
