Making the Baghdad Thief is a fairly simple story, almost as wonderful as the story of this film. Alexander Korda has almost fled to make this film. According to the Citadel Film series The UK Film Films, the adopted son of the United Kingdom, Alexander Korda conceived this film back in 1933 and spent years of planning and preparation. But World War II, unfortunately, caught Korda and the mounting costs of filming a great show. Budgetary costs are also happening in American films, just Cecil B. DeMille has always had a free hand at Paramount after 1932 he returned there. But DeMille and none of his American contemporaries had to worry about enemy bombs while photographing the movie. Part of the way through filming, Korda carried the entire company to America and shot those sequences with Rex Ingram as a genius in the Grand Canyon. He certainly was not going to make landscapes like this in the UK. Korda also finished Hollywood interiors, all in time for a launch on Christmas 1940. The show won The Thief Bagdad four Academy Award nominations and three Oscars for Best Color Cinema, Art & Set Direction for a color film, and the best special effects. Only the original musical score of Miklos Rosza did not receive a prize in a nominated category. Korda must have been really happy to decide to shoot in the Grand Canyon because it is impossible to get bad pictures of that place. The special effects, however, do not overwhelm the simple story of good triumph over evil. Good is the love of two young lovers, John Justin and June Duprez, and evil is Conrad Veidt as a wizard trying to steal both the kingdom and the heart, both belonging to Duprez. This was Veidt's career role to Casablanca, where he played the lead role of Stroesser, the Luftwaffe. <br /> <br /> Of course, the good receives little help from an unlikely source. The singer and thief Sabu, who could have been one of the few who could now be called an international film star. Literally, rising from poverty, who worked as a stable elephant boy for Maharajah in Mysore, was seen by Alexander Korda, who needed a native advantage for one of the features of the jungle. Sabu captures all the innocence and wickedness of young people as he fulfills the Arabian fantasy of the boy who defeats a tyrant. It is not an evil message to be sent in 1940 at that time. The Baghdad thief is remarkably well today. It's an eternal story about love, love and adventure in any order you want to put.
