The story line of "Thief of Baghdad" is complex, because it is said in flashbacks and has three separate and equally important threads woven together. Lajo Biros's script and Miles Malleson's dialogue keep the story moving with skill in all points of view. The young King Ahmad of Baghdad is angry with his Jaffar visitor for executing a man to have different ideas. He discovers in disguise that people blame him for the deeds of Jaffar and hate him. He is jailed by Jaffar, where he meets Abu, the young thief. The two escape and take a boat in the city of Basra. There the companions spy when people leave, so that no one can see the prince of the passing city. Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden. He tells him she came to her beyond time and won a kiss. Then it is captured. When Jaffar comes to win the princess of Basra for himself, Ahmad attacks the evil visitor that blurs him and turns Abu into a dog. Jaffar then asks for the Prince's hand and gives him the gift of a mechanical horseman to the Sultan of Basra. The blind Ahmad then tells his story on the market, accompanied by Abu as a dog. The prince fell into a sleep and nothing can wake her up. So Jaffar sends the servant Halima to Ahmad and the dog, hoping the prince can make her awake. He wakes her up. He boarded a ship to find a doctor to cure Ahmad, but she is captured by Jaffar, who then throws the dog overboard. He then allows Jaffar to take her on the basis of his promise to restore Ahmad's view and turn Abu into the thief. The princess sees Ahmad's vision; he is in a boat; Jaffar sends a storm to shoot him and Abu is wrecked on a deserted island. Abu finds a cute or djinn who wants to kill him now, that he is free after many centuries spent in prison in a bottle. Abu betrays it to prove it really comes from such a small pot, then returns it again. Because it frees him, he gets three wishes. His first is for sausages. Meanwhile, the princess pleads with her father to refuse Jaffar; but Jaffar shows the sultan a new mechanical toy, one of the six arms that hits him. Abu makes a second wish to find Ahmad. The cunning genius throws it to the goddess of the All-Seeing eye. Abu has to climb a great dead end to get to the jewel that is the eye, fighting a giant spider, then splitting the statue of the goddess. Abu looks in the eye and sees Ahmad in a canyon. He has the cue to take him to Ahmad. Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess. She smells a flower and forgets everything right away. Abu wants them to be in Baghdad, but the genius laughs and leaves; Jaffar tells the princess he's in love with him, not mentioning Ahmad. Ahmad is trying to fight his way to the princess, but Jaffar breaks the "eye". Abu is in the "Land of Legend," where the elders who lead want to make him king. He steals a magic arch and carpet and escapes instead to hurry to save Ahmad and the princess. The thief arrives in time to save the young king by the executioner, using the bow of the flying carpet, to the wonder of the crowd who came to watch the execution. Jaffar tries to run on the mechanically flying horse, but another bow from the bow finishes. Ahmad is the leader again and plans to enlarge his princess; but when he tries to make Abu his visitor, the young thief refuses, saying that what he wants is adventure, not hard work and prison in a palace, no matter how big he is. This fantastic story gave a sumptuous production to producer Alexander Korda. Production was created by Vincent Korda, who was also a director of art, while Georges Perinal made a colorful cinema. The directors are Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, with Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda taking part. The extraordinary and numerous costumes were made by John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. The production, apart from her gorgeous and expensive visual splendors, claim she is dominated by two other elements, Miklos Rozsa's choral music and Conrad Veidt's show as Jaffar's evil. Rex Ingram plays the cute with a curious accent, plus his usual intelligence and strength. June Duprez is wonderful and effective as Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halima, and Miles Malleson is a hungry and avaricious sultan. Just as Ahmad, John Justin seems to do most of what can be done with the part of a young prince in love and then with some; he is memorably good in his winning role. This film has a great deal about him, also found in other works in Korda. Its imaginative content is in contrast to very strong realistic sets, costumes and design-set elements. This is one of the most memorable fancy ideas of all time, worthy of being enjoyed many times.
