The film tells the story of a prince whose life is wonderful, but after a wicked sorcerer tells him to enter the city, disguised as a beggar, the wizard blocks the prince and soon becomes the leader of the shadow of Baghdad. the dark prince encounters a thief named Abu who helps him escape from prison and head for a city called Basra where he meets a princess with whom he falls madly but without knowing the evil sorcerer Jafa is also in love with the princess and tries to persuade her father to let them marry her. The bruise soon finds out that the prince is trying to win the hearts of the girls, so he makes him blind and turns Abu into a dog. This leads the prince and Abu to embark on an adventure to find a way to defeat Jafa, restore peace to Baghdad, and marry the princess. during their journey, they come across everything from the sarcastic geniuses that take Abu into a cloud flight, a giant spider who is really hungry and a horse flying probably giving birth to one of the most beautiful sequences that these old eyes of mine have ever seen them. <br /> <br /> This is a fantastic film from the beginning to the end, it has flying horses, geniuses, flying carpets and wizards that can make magic instead of hitting people with their staff. It does not have strange moments, and the love story is not a waste of time. Production designs are just amazing in this movie. From palaces to the various dangerous traps the heroes encounter. Even if this movie is over 40 years old, the production design is much better than most nonsense that blend in today's cinema. Music and songs are also well done. Anyone who sees this will undoubtedly sound "I want to be a sailing sailor" as one of the great musical moments in the movies. Usually I'm not a big fan of singing in movies because I find them as pleasant as I am, but I will be more than happy to make an exception for this movie. the film for me is the simple fact that you can see things you do not see in everyday life, which is also the same reason why I like things like "Two Towers" and "Silent Hill." The way ahead of the modern fantasy movie today came along with their realistic CGI to blow our minds was this movie that blew your mind without having a green screen scattered everywhere. One of my favorite photos in "Two Towers" is the one in which we see the winters that open the Black Gates, the main attraction of that shot for me was to see these great fantastic beings doing what is basically manual work and that Pleasant Genie and other creatures in the movie. They just try to make their lives the same as anybody else who gives them a real feeling, even if they are just fanciful beings. It is impossible to watch this movie and not to see where the Aladdin producers have inspired it. The characters in this movie are almost the same characters in that movie from the Genie chatter to the flying carpet. It's not a very bad thing in my eyes, because it's nice to know that I'm not alone on a planet that has a passionate love for this amazing film. I saw her for the first time as a child in my homeland, and I realized it was the best thing in the world and, after seeing her again last week, I still think it's amazing. It is a true testament that a wonderful movie can withstand the test of time. Sure, the effects look like a little out of date and cheese, but it was done again in the 1940s, so give it a break. Not everything seems to be overcome, although most things can still be kept today when they are scrutinized today. If you ever wanted to see a live version of "Aladdin", then I should want you with that, but angry cynical clusters will probably do well to avoid this because it will not be a cup of tea.
