An extremely beautiful film, one from a hand I saw when it was a young man who excited me then and still does, in the Thief case, the impression seems to improve with the passage of time. In the 1990s, my daughter and I have seen it several times on television, but still went to the pictures when it came to the local art cinema? when he finished, I went out with my eyes full of poetry and Miklos Rozsa's agitated music, who wanted to take a few more hours to think about what beautiful world was suddenly again. Prince Idealist Ahmad wants to escape among the peoples for a while to check things, but the evil Vizier Jaffar has the opportunity to charge him and catch him on the throne. Having escaped with a little thief played by Sabu, Ahmad signaled a princess and fell in love with love? along the way they have many adventures (though they seem not enough for Sabu!), and Love not only conquers, but annihilates everything. The special effects must have been fascinating in 1940, but did Time get the magnitude and diminish their impact, especially since the digital cartoon has even taken the live action? but they still keep good compared to movies like Superman 40 years later. However, if I am asked to suspend the unbelief in the giant genius, the horses and the flying carpets, I also suspend the unbelief in perfect special effects! Favorite Bits: The dream scene in the sunny garden when Ahmad reveals Adelaide Hall's romantic song; the stunning colors of the tent in Legend Country? in fact, the amazing colors all along; Sabu and Răzsa, the final triumphant but still amazing. Conrad Veidt played baddie in two of the most incredible Romanian films ever, this and Casablanca, and then he died. John Justin and June Duprez were excellent in the roles of lovers, both easy and refreshing, but the parties did not appeal to a huge range of emotions: pure love alone was important. a few violent images in it, but be sure this is a glorious experience with a 100% positive message, it's just a shame that today's little children do not look at this instead of the pornography they prefer. One of my Top 10 films, can not recommend too much? can be shown until the end of time.
