The story of Baghdad's thief boy (as was once written) drew in 1924 directors from Raoul Walsh, who played Douglas Fairbanks in the first silence, "Thief of Baghdad," in less impressive and more recent attempts. The best, however, remains the version of the 1940s, which for its time was a surprising, magical panoply of special effects of the highest quality. These effects still work their charm. No less than six directors are listed for the technical film that played Sabu as a boy thief, Abu, John Justin as a dreamer in love deprived of monarch, Ahmad and Jun Duprez as a wonderful princess sought by Ahmad and pursued by the evil visitor, Jaffar, played by a sinister Conrad Veidt. The Giant Giant is acting ably by Rex Ingram. Ahmad is deceived by Jaffar and, after being arrested later by that trap serge, he and the boy, Abu, suffer what is simply incapacitating. Ahmad is blinded, and Abu becomes a loving mutant. Their adventures through Hollywood-decorated backlit décor are fun, but the special effects make this movie work. Two men were responsible for everything, from a magical carpet flying to the gargantuan genius coming out of a glass with a tornado black whirlwind: Lawrence W. Butler and Tom Howard. (Howard, incidental, made the special effects for the 1961 version of the film. Both men had a long and distinctive career in technical witchcraft.) Duprez is remarkably wonderful, while little has been called for serious action. Justin's Ahmad projects a romantic, but dreamed, untouchable erotic impulse. Sabu is really the central actor in many scenes and is very good. For a film intended for both children and adults, there is a fair amount of violence, but of a bloodless nature. Still, I do not think anyone under eight should see "Thief of Baghdad." This movie makes regular appearances on television, but today my teenage son and I saw him in a theater with quite a few young people present. It was great to see kids who face the computer in a rich community, responding with applause and applause to some special effects that must seem primitive to them. "Thief of Baghdad" is a pre-Hollywood classical war where powerful production values ​​have often led to relentless and important releases. This is one of the best of its kind. <br /> <br /> 9/10.
