Watch on Rhine began as a Broadway play by Lillian Hellman who wrote the movie and saw it open on Broadway at a time when the Soviet Union was still linked to Nazi Germany by that infamous sin of non-aggression, signed in August 1939. So much for the fact that Hellman was just an echo of the Communist Party, the line did not change until a few months later. Lillian was actually months before her time with this work. Watch on the Rhine ran from April 1941 to February 1942 for 378 shows and five players came from Broadway to repeat the roles of Frank Wilson Eric Roberts as the youngest son Lucile Watson as family matriarch and, most importantly, bastard George Coulouris and Paul Lukas. Lukas won a hattrick award in 1943, winning an Oscar, Golden Globe, and New York film critics for best actor. Probably if there were the Tony Awards, then he would have won. The Oscar is even more remarkable when you think about who was against him, Humphrey Bogart for Casablanca, Gary Cooper in The Bells Tolls, Mickey Rooney in Human Comedy and Walter Pidgeon for Madame Curie. Each of his competitors was a bigger name in the box-office than he did. Lukas's nomination is usually the way the Academy gives the opportunity to conclude a field. Jack Warner knew that the reason Mady Christians did not repeat Broadway, and Lukas's wife was given Bette Davis. Davis took the role not because it was a particularly spectacular role for her, but because she believed in the picture and wanted only to be associated with it. It's the same reason he made The Man Who Came to Dinner, a play much easier than that. Davis is the daughter of a judge at the Supreme Court, who married a German citizen in the days of Weimar. After many years of lavishness on the continent of Europe, Davis Lukas and their three children come to America, which has not yet entered the European war. They are welcomed by Lucile Watson, who is naturally delighted to eventually meet her grandchildren. The flight in this ointment are other guests of the house, a friend of Davis in the past, Geraldine Fitzgerald and her husband who is also from Europe, the Romanian diplomat and aristocrat George Coulouris. Coulouris is a spoil and a lie and he misses an opportunity to deal twice when he suspects Lukas' anti-fascist background. His suspicions are quite correct, and that's why the family was the vagrants they have become. Lukas fought in Spain on the Republican side and was hurt there. His health has not been the same since. His family loyal to him in any decision he takes. These decisions affect all other casting members. Adding much more to the Broadway play, including some wonderful fascist creatures, was Dashiell Hammett, the other significant of Lillian Hellman. The Coulouris game cards at the German embassy were a Hammett creation so disgusting as Henry Daniell, Kurt Katch, Clyde Fillmore, Erwin Kalser and Rudolph Anders. Coulouris is truly one of the most clever characters ever to be displayed as an account number without an account. He was a metaphor for his own country that embraced the Nazis with taste and then repudiated them equally without losing a step after Stalingrad. Lucile Watson was promoted for her best supporting actress in 1943, but lost Katina Paxinou in which the monks quit. Dashiell Hammett was nominated for the best adapted script, and the movie himself lost for the best film of that other classic anti-fascist, Casablanca. <br /> <br /> Although it is a firmly planted element in those specific times, Watch On The Rin still packs an anti-fascist message that repeats infinitely.
