Mario Lanza, of course, is "The Great Caruso" in this 1951 film, starring Ann Blyth, Dorothy Kirsten, Eduard Franz and Ludwig Donath. This is an extremely fictionalized biography of the legendary tenor of world renown, whose name is known even today. The film is opulent, and the music is glorious and beautiful by Lanza, Kirsten, Judyla Novotna, Blanche Thebom and other opera stars who appeared in the film. If you are purist, seeing people smiling on the stage during Luctie's Sextet, it will strangely hurt you - even if Caruso's wife, Dorothy, had only a little girl. It is also very unlikely that Caruso will ever play Edgardo in Lucia; the role was too big for him. In taking a dramatic license, the script points to some very dramatic parts of Caruso's life. What was so remarkable to him is that he has actually created roles in the work that are today in the standard repertoire, but this is never mentioned in the film. These roles include Maurizio in Adriana Lecouvreur and Dick Johnson in "The Golden West Girl". There is a famous photo of him with a sheet wrapped around him like a toga. The reason for that photo? His only shirt was in the laundry. He was one of the pioneers of recorded music and had a long partnership with Victor Talking-Machine (later RCA Victor). He had played Jose in Carmen, in San Francisco, on the night of the earthquake. Instead, MGM's story would have died on stage during a Martha show, which never happened. He had a hemorrhage during the "L'Elisir d'amore" at Met and could not complete the performance; he played three times more at Met, his last role as Eleazar in La Juive. What killed him? The same thing that killed Valentino - peritonitis. His first role at Met was not Radames in Aida, as shown in the movie, but Duke in Rigoletto. So when it says on the screen "suggested by Dorothy Caruso's biography about her husband," that was - he suggested. What is true is that Dorothy's father gave up after marriage and left $ 1 of her massive fortune. They also had a daughter Gloria together (who died at the age of 79 on 10/7/2007). However, Caruso had four other children by a mistress before marrying Dorothy. Some say Lanza's voice is remarkable as that of Caruso, but listen to Caruso singing in Match Point - Caruso's voice is remarkably different from Lanza's. In fact, from his sound, if he wanted, Caruso could have played like a baritone. It is believed to have had problems with high notes, additional evidence of the inclination of the barrier; and the role he was preparing when he died was Othello, a dramatic tenor role that Lanza did not accept. Lanza's voice deserves not to be compared to another. He has contributed uniquely to the history of the film, popularizing operatic music. He plays the music in "The Great Caruso" with a robust power; he is really here at the top of what would be a short career. His acting is natural and authentic. Ann Blyth is awesome as Dorothy and gets herself singing herself. Really a movie for opera lovers and Lanza fans, who are probably one and the same thing.
