After a casual appointment on the train, a young couple spends one night walking on the streets of Vienna, talking about life and love. The main reason to see "before the sun rises" is to watch a young Julie Delpy deliver her lines. As Celine, this sexy, intelligent, red-haired blonde is a cross between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell, just as they were in their midst. The risk of overestimation, Celine is practically the ideal woman, unusually beautiful and very feminine, while being natural, unpretentious, introspective and loving of altruism. We can easily forgive that it is a little eccentric and speaks in a blue dart, because its sincere, intelligent remarks are sometimes penetrating. Moreover, her varied expressions are just captivating and speaks English with a French accent that is very fond of it. <br /> <br /> If there is a fly in the ointment of this good film, it should have been its unbounded and messy cost. Ethan Hawke as "Jessie" comes as a vague appeal, a sort of Maynard G. Krebs of the nineties. Trying to look detached and nonchalant, he shoots through certain fires. His trousers fit badly, his tee shirt is untouched, his dark, dark hair (the most appealing feature) needs a good wash, and someone should have showed him how to properly embellish his youthful turtle. However, he should represent a young man not on a two-week train trip around Europe, so that the look he's cultivated is probably quite authentic. His rather cynical observations and noisy sense of humor seem to impress celine, which has no romantic character, though sometimes disturbed by the extent of his alienation. When he finally admits that he is very sick of himself and likes to approach her because he feels like another person in her presence, we know he gets somewhere. <br /> <br /> After blowing collective money on a number of cafes, bars, and foolish diversions, I agree that because they never see each other again, they should make the most of it. Jesse throws a bottle of red wine from a sentimental bartender, so that he and his beloved girl can be repaired in a local park in the middle of the night to stretch out on the grass, staring at the moon and stars, getting up in the sun. <br /> <br /> Considering his infinite luck in the romanticism department, he is particularly irksome when Jessie, as a definition of a naive villain, allows madness this wonderful young lady to slip out of his mind. He piles up with a half-baking plan, quickly projected at the station, when he offers it, to meet in the same place in half a year. When the time comes, you know that this beautiful and unusual girl will be involved in another person, maybe even married and pregnant. For any reason, he probably will not show, while Jesse, who finishes working at Target or (if he has luck) the local library, will return to Vienna desperately to see it again, just to finish alone. /> <br /> Despite what's been a very daunting conclusion to me, "Before Sunrise" is a beautiful movie. I highly recommend him as well as the continuation "Before sunset".
