I bought the DVD Before sunset and saw it for the first time a week ago. After seeing it twice, I could not lose myself before sunrise, not because the continuation was not so great, but I felt that these two films ended each other, just as never have never done it, every time I've finished looking at one of them, I feel the need and the desire to see the other. So, I've come to spend the weeks watching both of them repeatedly, I'll be pretty embarrassed to mention exactly how many times. The most remarkable thing about Before sunrise is how you feel the development of their character's feelings toward each other. It sounds so simple, the growth of chemistry, I think other romantic movies might think I can succeed, but for me - who does not believe in Nora Ephron - Before sunrise is the first film that really gives viewers the chance to feel this thing. When I first saw it, 8 years ago when I was 20, I already liked it. But I did not realize that a "great movie" seemed to me like a film of another thinker, Linklater was too smart to become more realistic, it was 10 minutes too long, well done, I thought I liked it because it was like a dream and because I liked the conversations etc. etc. But now, thanks to Before the Sunset, I feel it is more before the sunrise than what I felt for that before. I've seen the elements clearer: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. As each of them is separated from themselves and have the chance to mix, the story is just a time frame, I no longer feel manipulated. And the freedom that each scene has, and the refusal to be too efficient, how blind was the fact that those qualities did not seem to me exceptional when I first saw it! Now 8 years have passed, the more films I've seen, the more I realize that many movies are just collections of ordered scenes that exist just for the sake of their conclusion, even films like Pulp Fiction or own Linklaters Slackers. The story of Jesse and Celine avoids this, perhaps before sunset is a better example in this case, but before sunrise is also one of the few movies that his end is just a consequence of time, not a destination, each scene has its own life. I do not know if Linklater or anyone else had a mindset when they did before sunrise, but for me, one of the most amazing things about these sequels is how these two films are contracting each other. Before Sunrise, who thinks she has more static angels and brighter color schemes, seems to try to capture the smallest atom of enlivening that surrounds Jesse and Celine, the world is always hopeful even though the characters feel it or not. Meanwhile, I get into the boredom of vision as Jesse left talking to the Before-Sunset journalists, and Celine's first smile behind the shelves is the most frightening smile I've ever seen in a movie start and many shots that move afterwards lead me to a place I do not know with sadness in me, no matter how beautiful Paris is and how happy I will meet again. I'm sorry I'm going for so long with my limited English language, before the sunrise is already a great movie, without spilling my thoughts scattered, and it's even better with an equally great sequel.
