When I saw this movie in the theater when it came out in 1995 with an advanced free exam, we were totally excited and paid to see it. I'm sorry when I spoke with many people afterwards who saw him, and who were totally disappointed with it and how it ended. On the other hand, I felt completely the opposite. I was totally pleased with the outcome and everything else. The people I spoke to said they talk too much! In addition, they were unhappy because they felt that at the end of the left you were wondering about the fate of the two characters. We have found that these observations are absurd and are also painful evidence of how the majority of the American public going to cinema seems to have the tendency to want stories easy to watch in films that do not have a very complex and intelligent dialogue , confused. They also love to be finished with spoon-feeding - happy or sad. That disgusts me. Nobody wants to be challenged anymore ??? And as for the end (and I do not want to be a spoiler), I'm completely satisfied because I know in my heart that these two characters will see again. It's about your own personal belief in love and destiny. It's a very personal film that does not talk to all people. But he certainly spoke to me. Give it a shot! Be patient with this! Richard Linklater has made a wonderful film with a beautiful story, overwhelmed by the beautiful background of Vienna. By watching her, you feel as if you were walking along the streets of the city with the characters. As if you were going through Europe on an Eurail pass. He is very intimate. In addition, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy do a great job of bringing the complex scenario into life. They probably improvised in some parts and work well. They have a great chemistry in their roles. Their concern as strangers who are known from the beginning is very credible and you can really feel that romance and bondage develop between them as the movie progresses. I have the feeling that this was a very personal work for Mr. Linklater and I respect him very deeply for making this film. Surely he touched me and I hope he touches others as much. Bravo for love !!!
