Before making Sunrise, there are many remarkable things that are almost too many to fit into a magazine like this, but suffice it to say that it is one of the most obscene studies of the nineties, maybe even in all contemporary cinemas, love, word, as much as a human connection. How does she fall in love at first glance? Nobody does that, at least that's the deep consensus that Linklater wants to show with his movie. Yet * ​​there is the possibility of such a strong connection, of a connection that can be formed in those who are young and with many ideas that can be articulated and cynically wide, and are in a very delicate way true at the same time. Linklater gives us the story of Celine and Jessie, a French girl and an American boy who descends from the same train heading for Vienna, and on the way begins to talk about things at first arbitrarily, then personally (Jessie seeing the first death in the grandfather or). Jessie persuades Celine to go with him one night in the city, in Vienna, until his plane the next morning. Prior to Sunrise, Jessie and Celine give Jessie and Celine amidst wonderful Wien landscapes and places to go on and on topics of great importance, and in a sense it is about having a conversation about how to look at people with one leading to another and another. Here is often about relationships and engagements, as Jessie and Celine tells stories, sometimes something inconsistent, or apparently so, and another that can tell a lot about their essential qualities. We hear confessions of wishes for other love or for what were not really loved to be part of a family or part of an education that might or may not inform how you will love your life and what it means to believe or I do not believe in a religious form or simply have a connection with any faith and soul (I liked the little about quakers in the church) and sometimes related to cynicism or skepticism. Jessie may be more responsible for the last part, but what's fascinating about the movie is that it's never cynical in itself, just commenting on cynicism that is in the concerns of men and women at that age of their lives. /> Meanwhile, it's always great to see Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy in these roles, where I'm not always annoying in X-generation in the 1990s, but I'm the kind of people who, if not in the central concept of the movie, which is not a bad one, but one that you need, you can think of finding somewhere on the streets of a city. Intimacy is expressed in the central characters either between them, if sweets are actually acceptable ("I have to tell you a secret," says Jessie, then binds for a kiss, ho-ho), or in the small moments that appear with other people along the way. I liked the scene with the poet, where it is very cinematic to suddenly find a random romantic player in the middle of a romantic image of such beautiful words as he or the palm reader, and how the reactions of Jessie and Celine are what we could share, but we really see them do it from the first hand. While Hawke and Delpy embody the role in an interesting way - we can see how neuroses are already formed for their adult life, as they could lead in the future ... With a splendid cinema and a scenario with an ear for the natural spirit and a true sense of what it means to have a moment of happiness, however autonomous it may be, because it can lead to something more. Who can say that you can not be suddenly attached to someone, even if not less than 24 hours, and that you are more attached to a married couple? This is probably Linklater's thesis, but there is more than that. It's a very dense film and one that will make me call it back repeatedly. A special scene, which is both brown and brilliant, is when the two speak "on the phone" to the other, imitating their expositions, they can go to the other's friend. A +
