Many of the critics on this thread seem to resolve a comparison of this film with "The Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca." Everyone has the right to compare the films they choose, but the similarities between "Mortal Storm" and "Follow the Rhine" are clearly the problems of refugees threatened by the Nazi juggernaut, while the main comparative point presented with "Casablanca" is the treatment Humphrey Bogart's unfairness in 1943 by the Academy of Cinematography and Science, for choosing Paul Lukas for best Oscar actor. Does not bother me at all. Lukas had a good career in the movie (both here and in England - he is the villain of "The Lady Vanishes"), and this show was the best. Bogart had more performances in him than Rick Blaine (for example, he was ignored by Sam Spade in "The Falten Maltese" and Roy Earle in "High Sierra" two years earlier, both being first class shows, a Oscar for Fred C. Dobbs's greatest performances in "The Treasure of Sierra Madres", suspected writer / crime in "In A Lonely Place" and Captain Philip Francis Queeg in "The Caine Mutiny" for Charley in "The Queen of Africa" ). I think Bogie should have done it for Dobbs, but it did not happen. But Lukas was lucky - he managed to make him the defining performance of his smaller career. Few can support this. For me, the movie that watches "Watch On The Rhine" is based on another Hellman game / script, "The Winding Searching". They both look at the American spirit of isolationism in the 1920s and 1930s. The "search wind" really looks at the entire interwar period, while "Watch On The Rin", established in the years that continue our entry into the second, World War II, deals with a few weeks of time. Therefore, it is better built as a piece, and more significant for its impact. The film has many good performances, led by Lukas as an exhausted warrior / courier, but determined anti-Nazi, Davis as a loyal wife (wisely keeping the character as low as possible because Lukas is Coulouris is Teoc, Lucille Watson, Davis's mother and Geraldine Fitzgerald (Coulouris's wiser and sadder), and Kurt Katch, who offers devastating criticism (as the head of the local embassy's Gestapo) about Coulouris and others who is dealing with the Nazis, has a bite of dialogue in it, and what he says is true, he also has moments of close poetry, witness the stage to the end when Coulouris is left alone with Lukas and Davis and says, "The New World left the scene in the Old World. "Hellman could write very well sometimes, considering the power of the film and performance scenario, I would rate this film among the two films World War I.
