Before sunrise is the story of the generation of weakness. Richard Linklater's romantic storyline is an unclear story about a dream come true for most people. The film describes love in all glory, but without any of the traps that happen in most couples; and in short the film is about two people having a relationship that is as close to perfection as relationships will ever come - with one problem, the problem of time. While most relationships revolve over time, it continues to become strong throughout, and time itself is the only thing that is exhausting. Before sunrise is certainly not the sentimental story "Hollywood romance", which is another aspect that puts this film before the pretenders. The story follows two people, Jesse; an American and Celine; a French girl who meets on a train to Vienna. They connect instantly, and after telling his terrible idea about a television show and almost got out of the train, Jesse asks Celine to join him for the day in the picturesque city of Vienna ... Before the sunrise the sun works mainly for two reasons - a realistic action and a huge scenario that builds the characters through their thoughts and feelings and thus enables us to know them as we make people in real life. This allows the characters to be free and it is easy to believe that they are real people and not just actors working from a scenario. This also allows us to feel for the characters they are, and not just because they are the protagonists. This type of realism is hard to capture because at the end of the day we, as a public, know that they are watching a movie and not respecting real life; but before sunrise is one of the most realistic lifetime exhibitions of realism ever seen on the screen. A really great script can not work on its own and needs big actors to deliver it to a degree that makes it right and though I'm not a fan of Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke; when watching this movie, you can do nothing but give them respect. I do not know whether I'm in character or just playing alone, but when a movie is good; it does not really matter. In a movie of this kind, writing is the most important thing, and in the script there are several observations about life, most of which I personally referred to. This is what Richard Linklater did with this script because he not only creates and builds characters but also manages to expose what true love is, along with other aspects of life. The fact that not all anecdotes are relevant to me personally is again the glow of writing. Everyone is different and different parts of the script will appeal to different people. There may be certain aspects about a person whom a person loves and another hates; and this is the case with the movements in this scenario. Adding to the beauty of the film is the city of Vienna. The city itself is not really important to the movie because it is a story that could have taken place almost anywhere - but it makes for some wonderful views, and the energetic, energetic romanticism that blossoms throughout the movie is accompanied by the beauty of the location. Before sunrise is both beautiful and captivating. Richard Linklater has created something rare in the world of cinema; a movie that captures the beauty of life without ever going over or being too sentimental. Before sunrise is what it is. And what it is is the pure kinematic glow.
