Lillian Hellman, one of America's most prominent playwrights, was a woman with a mission. Her left looks were not well appreciated at that time in the country. In her memoirs she tells her journey to the Soviet Union when she was intrigued by the so-called successes made by this system. "Look at the Rhine" must have come as a result of those years. The left wing of America, like all over the world, had a problem with the emergence of fascism, not only in Europe but also in Japan. "Watch on the Rhine" was a play produced on Broadway eight months before the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese. In her, Mrs. Hellman announced America's entry into the Second World War. Adaptation is credited to Mrs. Hellman and Dashiell Hammett, her long-lasting partner. As directed for screen by Herman Shumlin, the movie was well received when it premiered in 1943. We are introduced into the Muller family when the movie opens. They cross the border to the United States of Mexico. She has to go to Mrs. Muller's home in Washington DC, where her mother, Fanny Farrelly, is a minor celebrity hostess. Mullers, we realize that they are fleeing Europe because of persecution against opponents of the totalitarian regime in Germany. In fact, I thought in a way that Mullers could have been better justified if they were Jews, running away from safe extermination. We find out that Mr. Muller had a terrible time in native land, as well as elsewhere, because he was distinguished in Fascim's denunciation. Little knows that he comes to his mother's house, which houses one of the worst exponents of this philosophy. The film offers excellent lifelong action. It's a piece of curiosity because of Bette Davis's support role. Paul Lukas, repeating the role of Broadway, is quite convincing as Kurt Muller, the right man, who wants to make a better world for himself and his family. Mr. Lukas does a wonderful job portraying Kurt Muller, repeating the role that has transformed him into a stage lighting on Broadway. Lucile Watson, who plays Fanny Farrelly, the matriarch of this family, has the other best show. Geraldine Fitzgerald is seen as Marthe de Brancovis, invited by Farrellys, married to the despised Teck of Brancovis, a Nazi sympathizer, played by George Coulouris. Beulah Bondi, Donald Woods and other distributors support the good performance of Mr. Shumlin. The film should serve to remind us of the evils of the totalitarian regime, no matter where.
