When I found the movie in the Christmas calendar, its title did not seem to me because I did not read the novel and did not hear anything about the movie. However, after reading the content, I decided to spend my Christmas night watching the movie. The effect surprised me totally: I do not remember when I last saw a movie I was involved with every moment. A VOW TO CHERISH is undoubtedly one of the movies that is now a real surprise that I received from the cinema. Here are some of my reasons why I consider this movie a highly underestimated cinematic piece. <br /> <br /> First, the whole content is particularly educational. It has something to offer to the modern public - pure right faith and some answers to universal questions. Does Christ Need in Our Time? Does love still matter? Why is there faith? What is the logic of pregnancy and suffering in life? Is there really someone on my side can I always trust? The film offers answers through content, since everything that happens to characters can happen to anyone. <br /> <br /> Second, the movie is extremely human. The main characters face internal struggles and face extremely tough decisions. Is it better for Kyle David Denman) and Teri (Megan Paul) to start their own life and forget about the family or to keep the values ​​they learned at home? Is it better for John (Ken Howard) to leave Ellen (Barbara Babcock), his sick wife and start a new happy life with Julia (Donna Bullock), a woman he falls in love with? In fact, Ellen no longer recognizes him ... Still, he decides to promise his eternal fidelity. John's rebel brother, Phil (D. David Morin), goes better in his easy life, though he does not bring him any satisfaction or when he starts to think seriously about his life. Philip's prayer to God in the park is a psychological work on the universal aspect of mankind. These words could be as well said by everyone, no matter where, when or how they live. Thirdly, the film is an excellent family portrait, not very popular nowadays: there are issues, however, there is always something stronger that makes these people unite. This "something" is love and trust. I know it may seem a bit idealistic. Not all families can rely on fidelity and can not be as simple. However, it is a very educative and realistic aspect. Fourthly, the whole film focuses on people's mutual help. If we want to live a happy life in our society, we have to understand one thing: we need to help each other. Alexander (Ossie Davis) is an example of attitude. At the beginning of the movie we see him talking to John about prayer. Later, he helps his brother. Alexander is an "angel" that is sent to John and his family. Is it not possible for us to become angels to one another? Fifth, artistic traits deserve also attention. PERFORMANCE: Barbara Babcock offers an authentic interpretation like Ellen and, although she has a difficult role, she does a perfect job. Consider, for example, the time at school and he wants to teach him again. Ken Howard is also memorable as the faithful husband. Painting: The most memorable for me was the scene of John and Ellen in the park that goes on the fallen leaves (autumn) while the sun (love) spreads all over. I interpreted it as a kind of symbol: even if there is pain, this can always be lit by light and joy ... VOW TO CHERISH is a wonderful movie that has realistically shown me what it means to love, what is and faithfulness has proven to me once again how beautiful it is to live and believe. Finally, I would like to quote the profound words from the movie I found very appealing, and I hope Kyle will do his uncle Phil: Yes, he (John Brighton) lives according to the Bible. But nobody forces you to do that. However, according to the rules you live in?
