I'm telling you a story about the summer of 1994. A friend and I attended a Canadian Day concert in Barrie and it was one of Canada's best Canadian troops. We arrived there at 4am, waited almost all morning and when the doors opened at 9am, I was among the first to be inside the gates. Then I waited and waited in the hot sun, slowly pacing, but we did not care, because the headliners were among our favorites. At some point, at the beginning of the afternoon, I sat down and leaned back against the barrier. I was awakened to the shock and horror of a girl crying and wearing a T-shirt from Rheostatics. This is why I hated the Rheostat until today. There is nothing reasonable, neither determined by taste nor anything but their fandom. Dude, is not it? So, in my hatred of the band, I refused the delight that whale music is. Desmond Howl had everything. It's hard to say what he has lost since he lives in a fantastic mansion surrounded by ocean and mountains (the BC region where the film was shot is staggering). The life most of us dream of is dismembered by dreams, ghosts, and its own past, until the day when a teenage killer gets bored ... and, pulling his ring, he breaks out. <br /> <br /> Canadian cinema suffers from several problems. Generally, lack of money, as well as an unbearable lack of asking for help (as if somehow the feature would cease to be Canadian) lead to lower production values ​​than American or British movies, and most people do not like to see anything that sounds or looks, not like an American movie. Then Canadian screenwriters often seem so caught in being weird that they lose sight of how to tell a good story and say good to them. Third, they seem to think that free (often full-frontal) nudity does something artistic. I'm sure someone who's watching enough Canadian movies, especially late at night on CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's almost like a manual "do not do that" there is somewhere and Canadian filmmakers tossed it a long time ago. In the 90's and 00's, however, some movies (such as Bruce McDonald's work and brilliant CRAZY) broke this mold and managed to maintain what Canadians do, while keeping observable production values ​​and stories extraordinary. Ballet Music is such a film, on the surface. Deeper than just the Canadians, it is a deep story of a man who has lost adherence through pain and excess, which is redeemed by music, then by love. And that even redeems redeems. :)
