The beautiful does not even begin to describe the "Salvation of Grace"; is absolutely irresistible! Anyone who ventures into this movie will go with their spirits lifting the height (haha). Grace Trevethyn (Brenda Blethyn) has just lost her husband, but her problems are getting worse. Her dearest left her without money and outstanding debt. Faced with the loss of all, you have to find a way to get a bunch of money ... fast! She has an idea when her gardener, Matthew (Craig Ferguson), asks the city's famous horticulturist to give her advice on a plant she grows secretly. Grace immediately realizes her plant is marijuana, so she decides to use her gardening skills to grow a lot of high-quality weeds and then sell it to pay off her outstanding debts. The most notable quality of "saving grace" is its connection. Each character is extremely sympathetic and, except for the first twenty minutes, the movie is exhilarating. Everyone wants a happy ending for everyone, even if it means no longer seeing some rather illegal activities. The actor is the first time. Brenda Blethyn is one of the most beautiful actresses in the UK, and that's why. It turns what might have been a caricature into a living and breathing person. She's a pretty lady, but she's not stupid. Craig Ferguson is as kind as Matei. He's a loser, but he's so nice he does not matter. The rest of the whole piece also falls into this category, but a special mention should be made to Tcheky Karyo. The French actor always has an aura of threat to him, which suits him well, but he also has a great comedy ability. Nigel Cole finds the perfect tone for "Salvation of Grace". Everything is charm. One of the problems I have with British humor is that all the energy seems to be drained from the film. Not so here. The film is kind and always funny. That does not mean that "Saving Grace" is just a nice movie that will leave you with a grit and a good feeling. While this movie is not a comedy outside and outside, she boasts two or three scenes that are no less hysterical. If there is any problem with the movie, it's that the climax is a little confusing. Questions are also answered, and the end has an unexpected turn. See "Salvation of Grace," especially when you have a bad day.
