"Emma" was a product of what could be called by Great Jane Austen's first cycle in the mid-nineties and was recently introduced to British television, no doubt due to interest in the author created by Cycle Two, Jane Austen started with "Pride and Prejudice" two years ago. Currently we have Austen biopic "Becoming Jane" in the cinemas, and ITV recently produced three TV films based on the Austen novels. These include "Northanger's Abbey," the only one of the six major novels that were not previously filmed, so the cycle should now be complete. Undoubtedly, however, it will be more to come in the near future. (After all, she has a lie "Love and Freindship" (sic), the short novella "Lady Susan" and someone somewhere undoubtedly provided the end of the two unfinished fragments "The Watsons" and "Sanditon." all the sequences of Austen that modern writers have given back. The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from an aristocratic family in Regency England. (Not as some British-Austen victorious died before Queen Victoria was born even.) Emma is financially much better than most of Austen's heroes such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and she does not need to find a wealthy husband.However, her main concern seems to be finding husbands for her friends.He persuades her friend Harriet to reject a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, H arriet should turn his attention to the ambitious clergy, Mr. Elton. This scheme is disastrous, but Elton has no interest in Harriet, but he fell in love with Emma. The speed with which Emma rejects his proposal does a miracle just why she was so eager to match her boyfriend with a man she looks (in good faith) as a marriage partner inappropriate for herself. This is a plot by Jane Austen, Emma proves to be less a committed spinster than she seems and she feels in love, leading to additional complications. Emma always insists she will not get married without affection and when she finds a partner, beautiful gentleman Knightley, we feel that this is really an emotional marriage. However, he does not seem to be a very passionate person (unlike, for example, Elizabeth Bennett and Mr. Darcy). Knightley, who is 16 years older than Emma (she is 21, 37 years old) and has a relationship with her through marriage, is rather a father figure than a boyfriend. Much more of a father figure, in fact, than her real father, an old, selfish, selfish, egotism, who is more like her grandfather. When Emma is rude to her unbearable and boring girlfriend, Miss Bates, Knightley grabs her for lack of manners. (His name would probably have been indicated for his gentleman's nature - the gentlemen of the 19th century liked to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of the medieval knights, with their elaborate cavalry codes). Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play their songs very well, but this is not really one of the biggest novels on the screen. Of the other characters, I liked Harriet vulgar Juliet Stephenson, Mrs. Elton and Toni Collette. I know that in the novel Harriet was a young naive adolescent, while this is more akin to the character Collette played in Muriel's Wedding - a gauntlet, a little overweight, rubbing her chances of finding a man . However, I felt that this characterization worked well in the context of the film and did not affect Austen's themes. "Emma" is one of Austen's most innocuous works, without the darker accents of "Mansfield Park" or even "Pride and Prejudice," and this is reflected on the screen. We see a world of beauty and grace, full of stately homes and elegant costumes and fine manners. In addition to the short-lived Gypsies, the only "poor" people we see are Mrs. Bates and her daughter, and while living in a picturesque chalet with roses that today would change hands over £ 500,000, we can be sure that their poverty is relative, not absolute. In the world of Emma, ​​poverty is defined as not having its own stately home. Of course, this is not a comprehensive picture of 19th-century life, but no one has ever claimed that Austen is the equivalent of the realm of a kitchen realist. Sophisticated romantic comedy, combined with a fascinating eye for human character analysis, was more in line. I would not have rated this film as much as "Sense and Sensibility" since 1994 or the recent "Pride and Prejudice" - it tends to shoot a bit in the middle, although it has a strong beginning and a strong end - but it is , in principle, a very pleasant Austen adaptation. 7/10
