Romanticism is in the air and love is blossoming in the Victorian era of England, in this open-minded story against a society, at a time when manners were still in vogue, ladies were charming and elegant, and gentlemen. "Emma," based on Jane Austen's novel, written for screen and directed by Douglas McGrath, sees the wonderful Gwyneth Paltrow as the lead. A homage that self-designates, Emma enjoys the romantic notion of playing Cupid and trying to associate what she thinks fit for each other. Starting with a successful match ended in marriage, she continues to find a partner for her girlfriend, Harriet (Toni Collette), but the result of her initial attempt proves to be less satisfactory. Meanwhile, her efforts are temperate by the handsome Knightley (Jeremy Northam), whose knowledge of the heart seems to be often smarter than Emma, ​​and provides a balance for the procedure. And Emma, ​​so preoccupied with what is good for others, neglects the heart that is actually the most important of all: hers. The world goes almost and love abounds, but Emma is about to lose the boat. Fortunately for her, however, is someone right for her to wait in the wings. Now if he can stop long enough to figure out. But whoever knows true love knows, the problems of the heart can go well or bad in a moment, depending on the smallest thing; and while romanticism is handy for Emma, ​​she must first recognize her and take advantage of the moment. McGrath has created and delivered a delightful, sensational film that is like a breath of fresh air in the often turbulent world. There may be a frivolous air, but in retrospect, this story deals with something that may be the most important thing that is - with all honesty - about anyone: Love. And with McGrath's impeccable sense of rhythm and timing, it all plays here in a way that's all fun and enjoyable. It is a pleasant film that affects, with a wonderful distribution, that successfully carries the viewer at another time and another place. It is an easy, but absorbed tariff; and scenic settings and procedures provide a sense of well-being and calm that allows you to sink into it and just go with the flow. Paltrow, who won the Academy Award for Best Actress "Shakespeare In Love" two years after doing this, seems comfortable and even at home like that. It personifies all the British stuff, and makes it so natural and convenient that it is a kind of performance that is easy to take by itself or overlooked altogether. It's just so good at what it does and makes it look so easy. It has a charismatic presence on the screen and a pleasant, reminiscent of Audrey Hepburn. However, Paltrow is unique. As an actor, she has a wide range and style and has shown - with such films as "Hard Eight", "Hush" and "A Perfect Murder" - that can play almost any part effectively, role she plays them. But it's with characters like Emma, ​​which really shines. She is so expressive and open, and her personality is so interesting that she is a person who is easy to relate to and just a joy to look at, regardless of the role she plays. And for Emma, ​​she's absolutely perfect. Jeremy Northam also performs extremely well in the role of Knightley, and like Paltrow, it looks good for the genre - in the right role, that is, his performance in the last "Golden Bowl", in which he played an Italian print, was less satisfactory. Here, however, he is perfect; he is beautiful and behaves in a way that makes Knightley credible and very real. Just like Mr. Colonel Firth's Darcy in the "Pride and Prejudice" miniseries, Northam has created a memorable character with his own Knightley. Also excellent in supporting the roles and worth mentioning are Toni Collette, Emma's friend Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming, like Reverend Elton. Respectively, Collette and Cumming create characters that are very real people and as such become a vital element for the overall success of this film. And it demonstrates how invaluable the support players are in the world of cinema and in movies of any kind. The cast includes Greta Scacchi (Mrs. Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Mr. Woodhouse), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Mrs. Goddard), Phyllida (Mrs Bates), Polly Walker (Jane Fairfax) and Ewan McGregor (Frank Churchill). A stylish, elegant film, "Emma," is a reminder of the civilized behavior and the value of gentleness and grace in a world too often embarrassed. And even if it's only through the magic of the silver screen, it's nice to be able to run into such a world like this, albeit only for a few hours, because it meets the need for that renewal of faith in the human spirit. And that's the magic of the movies. I've rated this 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
