After seeing CUBE, I was a fan of Vincenzo Natali's work. Natali seems to have this inexhaustible ability to make a story and does not erase it hard as a wet towel for the whole story she can collect. Instead, he lets the stories unfold naturally, so much so that in fact you think there is this Cube if people try to escape, or NEVER a large empty space where there is ... nothing ! The announcement made me think instantly. It seemed so simple! Take two characters that nobody likes and send them to a world where there is nothing. Natali does so so simple to forget the logic that a place where there is nothing can not exist. In fact, the world of nothingness becomes something ironic in the movie. There is nothing there, but also "something" there. It could be a good time to point out that the trailer is very deceptive. I was fortunate enough to actually understand that the movie leaned in a more comical part than the trailer said otherwise. So when watching the movie, I laughed every once in a while, while someone the ad is mistaken for may be completely confused. If I can take a minute to give the film a praise, where the movie excels is the concept. It is a genius concept that has a world of nothingness and puts two characters there, not two brilliant characters to philosophize and discover their surroundings, but two idiots who have absolutely no idea where the fuck is '! Another strong point is movie cinema, although at first it can not seem! If every wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down is just a white plane, the depth perception becomes defective. It's hard to determine where things are in Mis-En-Scene. Cinematography has many moments in which this actually happens, but for the most part the room is placed so that two characters or an object and character are placed in the foreground and in the background, allowing a sense of depth to be achieved. /> <br /> However, this movie does not have anywhere. The film is relatively short, but even so, after a while the novelty of this world of nothing becomes quite dull and you want to find a form of resolution within the plot. We can also argue that acting is once again questionable. These two characters are in a sense, inappropriate, so we do not feel any sympathy for any of these characters. However, on some of this, chemistry and friendship between the two characters seems quite real, but there is something missing. Even so, I make this rank as a very enjoyable movie! Do not let the trailer fool you into thinking it's another horror movie of science and fiction. It's much more a comedy than that! It's really worth looking, just for the concept itself!
