Director Vincenzo Natali first showed his love for character-based sci-fi movies, with his 1997 "Elevated" movie, in which 3 people remain locked in a lift, while unseen monsters reproach the building. His "Cube" project, launched later that year, had a very similar premise, this time with 6 people, and instead of a lift, it was a vast extension of the interconnected cubic dividers. Both were admirable attempts to take the sci-fi one step further, deliberately dropping to show almost any visual stimulation, choosing instead to spend as much time concentrating on the human element as it does, react, and interact with incomprehensible characters and dangerous conditions. After being explored in the mainstream with "Cypher" in 2002, Natali returned to the bizarre tendency of his film characters to bring us "Nothing", his latest, much more optimistic and comedic, into the world cinema. "What If Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew Miller (Andrew Miller) are friends throughout life, gathered together by a mutual detachment from society and lack of being with someone else. Dave, who has always been impeded by a selfish nature and least diminished lives rent-free with Andrew in his home miserable and poorly built, where they often take advantage of mentality neurotic and antisocial Andrew. despite all this, the two drawbacks are happy together, until one day flaws of their profound character, along with astonishing luck, landed them in the midst of some serious problems, imprisoned in prison. They also find that their home was considered is inappropriate for existence and is scheduled to be demolished before sunset, so that in the cloudy, nightmare, everything that happens to them, they want everyone to disappear. And he goes on. The synopsis would compromise much of the slow movie (occasionally too slow), revealing what happened to Dave and Andrew and how they deal with their new reality. Natalia the fascination of the study of human behavior under pressure (ala The Birds) is here in the pits, but simply making mainstream friends rather than strangers, he can detach himself from the thriller-horror element of this premise, more comfortable and optimistic. It's almost like the Cube's aphorist opus. Of course, the movie is not 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. In accordance with fundamental realism, the dynamics of the two anti-heroes often become antagonistic, sometimes with rather ugly results. Like the game "Desert Island," the film looks at how even the best friends, when left alone together, can break apart, but at the same time shows that friends are vital to the quality of existence. In a very twisted, sci-fi manner, this is a simple movement with a good heart and good intentions. However, there are some issues with "Nothing". While the two main actors, Hewlett and Miller, do well with their tracks, their characters are not as exciting as they should, considering it is entirely up to them to have fun for a better hour. There are some developments in the relationship and personalities of Dave and Andrew, it is given a certain background, but in the end it is not enough. A generous spectator will stay on the less engaged parts of the movie to see it all the way, but the cynics will probably be quite fast. The action, as I mentioned, is appropriate, and in view of the amount of 'green' work that would have been necessary, sufficiently convincing. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, who wrote the script together, were longtime friends of Vincenzo Natali: Hewlett actually appeared in every movie Natali made. Perhaps it was their creative contribution that led this film in a more positive direction. However, the story could have been more involved. Granted, it is relatively fun considering that nothing happens, but you have the impression that, in the more experienced hand, much more could have been done with this premise. <br /> <br /> In all fairness, "Nothing" is an impressive work in many ways. The concept is interesting, the direction is inventive, the script works at the human level and, above all, shows an evolution in Natali's creative mentality. For fans of his work, it will be a pleasure, and for others it will be a pleasant way to spend a little time unwanted. It's just a shame that fixing the director to human drama has prevented her from being the wonderful and fun movie he could have been.
