A little bit of a threat, "Nothing" can not be a movie for kids. It is a very intelligent concept, touches some interesting metaphysical themes and goes against any Hollywood conventions you can think of ... what happens against everything that is literally "nothing"? Nothing is the story of two friends who want the world away when everything goes wrong in their lives. All that remains is what I do not hate and an empty white space. It's hard to focus a story on two actors for most of your movie, especially without any reduction to anything that happens outside the field. Focuses on a very large subject, but this is the first Vincenzo Natali territory. If you've seen "Cube," you already know he tends to like that kind of situation. "Nothing" in this movie is seemingly infinite space, but Natali somehow manages to make it somewhat claustrophobic, even though because there is nothing else and nowhere else to go. The actors sell it, though you can say these guys are friends anyway. Two Cube actors are coming back here (Worth and Kazan), but they are completely different characters. It changes throughout the story, and while they are not the strongest players in the world, they are at least credible. The reason I say this could be a movie for children under the right tricks is because, apart from a few bombs and a sequence of dreams somewhat useless, the capricious and often foolish sensation of this film could easily be easily digested by children. So, it seems to me a strange choice that writers have decided to add loud language and a small amount of gore, especially since it does not exist. This could easily get a PG rating if it cuts just a few things and changes a little dialogue. There are very few objections to this film, but just enough to prevent parents from wanting their children to see it. I'm just saying it's a shame, because not because I'm censoring, but because that may be the only thing that prevents this film from having a wider exposure. In any case, this is a rather funny film, although with some drawn scenes. But because it literally is nothing, and it focuses entirely on two characters and their interactions with absolutely nothing, they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film.
