The premise of this film has blurred my imagination for some time. I have heard or read about it all in a contextual way. What would you do if you were alone in the world? What would you do if the whole world suddenly disappeared before your eyes? In fact, the last part is actually what happens to Dave and Andrew, two roommates living in a ruined house in the middle of a highway system. Andrew is a nervous wreck and at least Dave is considered one of the biggest losers of society. Only this is the main reason why these two boys get so well, because they simply have to return to each other when they need some comfort. Only until ... <br /> <br /> Right from the beginning of the movie and many problems it happened. Both are involved in the murder, Andrew suffers from paranoia and simply does not dare to leave the house. Dave fails to work and his colleagues do not treat him very well and with the respect he deserves. The amount of problems they face continues to grow until the day they may have to deal with the inevitable and deal with it. This is too much for them and they want everything to disappear ... And of course that's exactly what's going on. The rest of the story places Dave and Andrew in this world of nothingness. At first they are surprised and have trouble understanding and treating the characteristics of this crazy environment, but later they learn that they can do exactly what they want because they seem to be the only ones left. > Nothing has an incredibly small distribution - in fact, besides the first pictures of the movie, we see Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) throughout the movie. It is clear that, to eliminate this, distribution must be more than a task, because in a world where there is nothing there is nothing to distract the viewer in any way. Vincenzo has decided to use a reasonable amount of shots to make it more interesting and actually works pretty well. Photo director Derek Rogers also has a nice way to tease the audience by ignoring the visual information, especially when a character sees something and reacts to it, but we do not see it immediately. /> Obviously, this can not be an event-driven film and it is not. Much of the action takes place outside of their home when they move empty. And there are some of the funniest scenes, especially if Andrew discovers a candy. Now you might think, "How does it look like nothing?" Well, it does not look like anything. The whole world of nothingness is white ... white, no matter what direction you look. This is the weakness of this movie ... After an hour or less it becomes extremely boring to watch and there must be events to make sure it's more interesting to look. Thank God, there are some. For example, at the moments when the two, due to the properties of nothingness, can truly leap really like nothing would have done from tofu (as Andrew claims). It's fun to see how instantly they are able to use nothing to become gods of their own small society. One of the best parts of the film is the set ... Jasna Stefanovic's production designer has made a beautiful job in this movie, the house where these two boys live is so fun to look at, yet it seems right that these two live in a place like this one. Overall, production design is undoubtedly one of the most powerful aspects of this film that really makes the movie worth watching ... However, the best part of the movie is acting. Both David Hewlett and Andrew Miller really looked like the professional actors he represents. The camera is on them for every second of the movie and, as previously said, there is no props in the movie, they are really on an empty stage. With a lot of character development and decent decent characters, a smart (sometimes hilarious, stupid) dialogue, all works for that purpose - and this movie truly removes the movie from the budget-restricted area to the well-done manual work. > <br /> Let's talk a little about visual effects, because it's worth mentioning. Nothing has digital visual and prosthetic effects that are equal to any modern horror movie. There's a dreadful dream sequence in the movie, and although The Drews gave that scene, it's fun to watch. One of the best visual effects of the movie is at the end of the year when Andrew and Dave suddenly discover their powers in this environment - they have the skills to want everything away, so if they can do it inversely and make things happen? <br /> <br /> "Nothing" is not a bright and well-lit film, it really helps promote the idea that it's probably dead (in fact, one of their theories), but "Nothing" is not a comedy and slow destroys its own theory. We do not know where they are or what happened to them. We do not know if they will ever leave, because the movie ends before seeing something like that. The end, by the way, is not as good as it could have been. It is easy enough to predict what will happen, though the writers have believed a few incidents that help make it a bit more exciting and ultimately quite satisfactory. Take "Hollow Man", "Kill Bill", "Cube", "Epoch" and many other movies and you have "Nothing". It's really a mix of different styles, there is still no other movie (at least I know) Nothing is really like. Because people remember the original production comment of Cuba on its DVD, I can remember that Vincenzo Natali talked about how he came up with Cube's story. He talks about him and André Bijelic who were roommates at one point and they both were in this extremely crazy room without hope of going out, "Nothing" could not be very well shielded version of the origin of the story about Cub and for this purpose, it is almost like one of the Cube precursors. What can I say? I liked "Nothing", it's a great movie and the different parts of the movie are extremely well done with many intelligent ideas, yet I feel that the movie is missing something and I have the trouble to find out what it is ... Maybe if we have a "Nothing 2 "can answer this question. "Nothing" is a wonderful movie, but not as good as I expected it to be. <br /> <br /> Final rating: 7.5 / 10
