Nothing is fantastic! Just like this! It's a movie that should not work, though not. Natali remains in Sci-Fi, but this movie is also a comedy. Cipher seemed to have been a big budget that took Natali's business ($ 7.5 million! Woo-hoo Pa!), So that nothing goes down. This is low budget, independent film from the best is. Simple, good old-fashioned stories and an attempt to make a film for artistic merits, according to Hollywood's usual motives, especially for financial gain. Nothing is a movie about Nothing and before you ask, it's not something like Seinfeld! Practically, Andrew and Dave are two injured. I live in a strange house on two highways. Andrew is a telesales travel agent who is agoraphobic, while Dave is Andrews's best colleague who remains with him to help him. Dave is tired but has a beautiful girlfriend with whom he wants to move. However, Dave finds out that his girlfriend has hijacked a huge amount of money from Daves's job, incriminating Dave, and Andrew is wrongly accused of attacking a female detective (Canadian humor!) . Apparently, Andrew's house must also be demolished, and he can not stop happening just as the house was built on the ground should not have been built. Both Andrew and Dave are in the house when the police and the demolition team come in. They are desperate and can not escape, and in panic and confusion just as the police burst into everything that fades into white. What happened? Did Dave and Andrew die? They wake up to find herself in the house, but she is quiet. No police, no demolition team, no girl scouts! What is happening is that Dave and Andy discover they have the ability to "want or hate away." As it turns out they hated the whole world from the outside. They are left alone. The house is surrounded by nothing that is portrayed as a pure white. So, what this means is that setting movies is a set of houses and then white. The film is an interesting insight into human and psyche isolation and, of course, as they spend more time alone, without food or water, they start to get tired of each other. They discover that I can hate hunger, which is useful, but obviously things out of the hand have to say. I can not reveal too much, but I have to say that the head of old is quite visible to look at. This movie is funny, funny, interesting. The effects are simple and effective, and Natali brings together two friends from Cube, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to lead the film. They have chemistry and also work very well. They have to own 90% of the film itself and much of it in a pure white background, however it works. Of course, I expect this to have the same diabolical treatment as Cypher and should appear on DVD in a year or two in states. Nothing is a high-quality and unique film and, although not as good as Cube or Cypher, Natali proves it once again to be one of the best and best-born. Natali is someone who really interested me in the three so far and can not wait for his next feature. I'm watching God do not make the proposed Necropolis, written and directed by the suffering DAD, by Paul Anderson's shit. Vincenzo old friend if Paul comes to the buffer, RUN !!! RUN LIKE THE WIND! Hope and prey this guy does not go to Hollywood as Alex Proyas did (with still pussy-legs, covered with sugar, helium light: I Robot!). Keep your eyes up for this guy. ****
