089: Footlight Parade (1933) - released 9/30/1933, seen 5/5/07. The ice cream cone is invented in New York. <br /> <br /> KEVIN: After a long and crowded break, I hit another Warner Bros. musician. from Busby Berkeley. This time, it's an ultra-fast parade with the rhythm of the legs, with James Cagney, screenwriter Chester Kent. I'm sure 100% that Cagney channeled Berkeley with his performance of Kent, who should not be repressed, who must come up with new performance ideas every minute. Joan Blondell is also excellent as secretary of acid-turned-love language. Ruby Keeler / Dick Powell is not as important this time, but not less pleasant. One thing that bothered me was Berkeley's interpretation, which seemed too extravagant and complex to be played on any scene, not to mention a scene that would then show a movie. Obviously, Busby does not allow a thing like the story to prevent him from figuring out the most musical numbers he can evoke. I liked almost the entire movie to the end, with the number of the "Shanghai Lil" offensive, which, as you can guess, is about to return to the stomach as well as racially disagreeable performance. DOUG: Six movies in three months. It must be a new record. However, this completes Warner Bros. "The 1933 music trilogy, preceded by '42nd Street' and 'Gold Diggers of 1933.' I would definitely recommend to watch all three in a row, I wonder if James Cagney channel Busby Berkeley while playing Chester Kent in this movie, or if the writing role was inspired by Busby, I hope it was logical that Berkeley is the type guy who would see dances in everyday events as Chester does. did not really look like a leading man in the traditional sense. He was 5'7 "with his head in the square and talking with a strange accent from New York. But the guy was pretty versatile, coming from the venomous gangsters that made him so famous for the fast-talking producers we're seeing here. he was able to dance, in essence he was a leading man in the body of a character actor, the rest of the cast has some familiar faces, Joan Blondell returns and steals the show as the loyal secretary and lustful Cagney, Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler playing the cute young man, but seems to have less time than before, Billy Barty appears again as an impressive imp. The film is typically more pretentious and adult-oriented in the pre-code era, unlike those of the 50s and 60s who were more family-oriented and represent a great climax of Warner's musicals of that year (Shanghai Lil "does not resist, Keeler doing a poor job of looking for the Chinese). Last movie: Dinner At Eight (1933). Next movie: I'm No Angel (1933).
