The young energetic producer of theatrical prologues (those musical performances that often performed the movie in larger cinemas in the past few days) have to deal with crooked competition, fraudulent partners, unbelieving lovers and amateur talent to achieve the dream to make his mark on the FOOTLIGHT parade. While it looks very much like Warner's musical performances, especially with GOLDDIGGER's films, this film has a special attraction that none of the other have ever had: Jimmy Cagney. He is a miracle, glued and pasted, as agile as any tomcat - a creature that he actually imitates several times during the movie. Cagney attracts the viewers' attention and never lets go, fueling the fast-fire dialogue and the plot with the cornfield, with its charisma and charm. The rest of the cast gives all the best. Joan Blondell is perfect as the blonde, heart-hearted secretary, infatuated with Cagney (a major question - why not given a musical number?). Dick Powell & Ruby Keeler again plays lovers on stage and outside; the fact that her singing and acting skills are little on the weak side are offset by her dance; Powell still excites the boy in his unusual position as the second male lead. Guy Kibbee & Hugh Herbert are very fun like brothers and sisters, both of whom intend to cheat Cagney in different ways. Ruth Donnelly enters as Kibbee's wealthy wife, a woman dedicated to her beautiful protectors. Frank McHugh, the choreographer, is a foil fit for Cagney's spirit. Herman Bing is hilarious in his little scene as a music arranger. Mavens will show little Billy Barty, Jimmy Conlin and maybe even John Garfield during the musical numbers. Finally, there is Busby Berkeley, nonpareil choreographer. His terpsicorane compositions, sprinkled through the 1930s, were a supreme example of cinematic escapism that the audience of the Depression wanted to enjoy. The big joke about Berkeley's creations, of course, was that they were intended as part of the plot to be stage productions. But no theater could ever have these products in the imagination of the master. They are perfect illustrations of the type of entertainment that was only possible through the video camera. Berkeley's musical offerings generally had one of two different approaches, either a story (often quite bizarre) narrated with melody and dancing; or other stunning geometrically designed numbers, eye candy, featuring corse curse girls, working room overhead & a romantic song. In a spasm of extravagant extravaganza, FOOTLIGHT PARADE culminates with three masterpieces from Berkeley: "Honeymoon Hotel" and its pre-production code telling about the wedding night of a couple; `` By a Waterfall '' - dozens of fuzzy, splashing, floating and diving females in perfect designs and drawings (close to attention and see how synchronic effects have been achieved); and finally "Shanghai Lil" - a tribute to the talents of both Cagney & Berkeley.
