It's hard to say on the top, James Cagney's charm and energy, or the opening excesses of Busby Berkeley's three big shows at the end. I give him a tie, with the Footlight Parade one of the funniest and fastest of the thirty-year-old musicians. Although the movie clearly belongs to Cagney, Joan Blondell adds immeasurably to the good story line. <br /> <br /> And what is the story line? It's Chester Kent (Cagney), who produces music, and is now almost out of business while he speaks. He starts making prologues, live musical entertainment on stage before starting a movie. He has the idea of ​​making larger and more of them moving around the country. It is a ball of fire and ideas, and it needs all the ideas it can get to keep the production of these things tirelessly. But a rival spies and steals his ideas; Nan Prescott (Blondell), his secretary of wisdom, loves him, but he is too busy too much; an office girl with round glasses (Ruby Keeler) wants a chance to dance; his wife returns saying he did not divorce him at the end; a blond gold monk puts his hooks in it; his partners deceive him ... what's later? This may sound like a lot of digestion but everything happens quickly with Cagney twisted, strutting, striding, finger breaks, barking and occasionally - up to the big number when he goes all singing and dancing - doing a step or two just to show how to do it. <br /> <br /> Instead of 'Putting on a show, we have' We have to build three shows in three days, so close the doors and start the rehearsals. ' These three super prologues will have 40 corinees, spectacular effects and will mean a rich contract with forty Kent units in luxury movie houses ... the whole circuit of the Apollo movie house! Exhaustion threatens, foot pain, but all those who have not been beaten in expensive costumes (including Ann Sothern and Dorothy Lamour, you can quickly see Sothern, but Lamour is more generic) stay the course, dancing hearts, giggling and stuttering and showing remarkable . <br /> <br /> After that, the curtains rise, as each Prolog is presented in separate houses one after the other the same night, with the owner of the Apollo circuit that will cause that night to save Chester's skin or not. <br /> <br /> The first is the "Honeymoon Hotel" with Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler in a 9-minute production that features a lot of healthy lasciviousness with brides and grooms (some might even be married) bedrooms and beds, and doors with the Do Not Disturb signs. <br /> <br /> Then, at the next theater and 11 minutes by "By a Waterfall," probably Warner Brothers accountants were probably worried about bankruptcy. That number is so excessive - dozens of swimming girls, trees, fountains, a huge grotto with slides, a huge pool - never think there is a depression. Berkeley pulls out all his tricks - timing, human patterns, legs and arms that do all sorts of precision things - and makes it in the water with lots of underwater photographs looking up. Girls are a safe game. They come with a smile of water in their eyes and still hit them. The whole thing must have been incredibly difficult and exhausting. Ruby Keeler, who has some quick water pictures, is the only one who seems a little cautious. And finally, the final smash ... 11 minutes of Cagney dancing and singing with Keeler at "Shanghai Lil" with all sorts of bar girls and their customers, unusual in that racing are mixed. Cagney and Keeler were dancing at the bar, dancing on a table, fighting Cagney. There are what looks like fifty or sixty Mars mariners, diving back and forth, rifles thrown and trapped. Then ... this is true ... a form of human image of Franklin Roosevelt and ANR eagle. This may be Hollywood's only musical production, which has ever featured Roosevelt, a big federal agency and a lot of sexy Chinese prostitutes. <br /> <br /> That's fun, folks. It's great! <br /> <br /> Of course, Chester's prologues get the big deal, and Nan gets Chester. The film is full of juicy clichés that make us smile. Ruby Keeler is so enthusiastic as she seriously changes the cocks with the flying arms you want to help along. Joan Blondell makes us forget about a lot of Hollywood women who might have been nicer, but who were far less spirit and personality. The film, however, belongs to Cagney, who grabs him and shakes him, and to Berkeley, a man for whom too much has never been too much.
