When it came out, it was pretty much the art of musical art entertainment. So far, it's more fun than most, largely because it has James Cagney as the leading prologue music producer, in a sequence of times and protected from all Joan Blondell's "Joe's Confidence" storms. Also, the musical numbers at the end that have been put together by Busby Berkeley are pretty much a knockout out of this type of work going on. But this is a strange movie. I mean, in one of those numbers, you got Billy Barty around, pretending to be a loving baby, doing all kinds of weird things. Ruby Keeler seems to have a nasty smile on her face at all times, but at least she is not forced to behave like some of her later unfortunate movies. You would never have guessed that Dick Powell was a rough guy to see him in this movie; apparently all the rough type of energy has been attributed to Cagney. As far as Cagney is concerned, its high-speed speed about musical performances and so on are endearing and annoying at the same time. After a while it gets a little too much. You wait for her to come out and say, "Hey, I have a great idea for a prologue! Women are cigarettes and come out of a pack of smoke!" No, I did that last month! It's funny but it's getting a little repetitive. At the moments when it must be difficult with the evil girl, Ruth Donnelly, some of the Cagney gangster characters came out. In fact, director William Keighley, the most frequent director B, is credited here with dialogue coaching, and Cagney and Blondell sometimes seem to invoke something very "street" even if the characters are not criminal. numbers ... what can you say? They are alone as entertainment, the way Berkeley uses human body and geometry is really surprising. But none of them means anything. Mean "Honeymoon Hotel", nothing more or less. And the whole pretense of integration collapses immediately, since the characters in the show do things that could not be appreciated by a theater audience, such as the portraits of the film. For example, at a certain point, they feature fine print on a newspaper, things like that. Everything could only exist on the film, so the idea that prologues are actually live shows is ridiculous. I can only assume that the public at that time was a bit less critical about things like that than it would be ten years or so, because it is a very polished production. It's great to see Cagney show himself along his gorgeous dance skills, and he can actually share a scene with a dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes are very good. The music I would say is only mediocre, but especially pleasant if it is repetitive. Bacon's direction, in general, is very appropriate, but never interesting. The entertainment value of the film is incontestable and also has brought nostalgic value along the way. It's a cut above the most "filmed" movie in the 1930s.
