The crash of the 1929 stock market and the subsequent depression almost destroyed the American Musical Theater, actually was the last death toll in vudeville. Those behind the curtains were hit as bad as the front ones. In an effort to boost the business of the show business and his own personal economy, James Cagney's work drama director comes up with a brilliant idea. Stage relevant prologues live on the films that are featured at the various cinemas that spring over from the old theaters. Some other competitors come from it and the competition is active. Footlight Parade is my favorite movie, Busby Berkeley. It gives James Cagney the chance to display such a versatility as a dancer as well as a tough guy. During his retirement, Cagney said that, while controlling very few and very much of the musicians, he could barely upset some of his dramatic films. He wanted him to have made some musicals in his career and I would have liked him to have. Of course, organizing these extravagant Busby Berkeley on the stage of a movie palace defies logic and reason. But it's so creative and fun to look at. <br /> <br /> Dick Powell plays three songs in the Footlight Parade, Ah Moon is here, Honeymoon Hotel, and through a Waterfall, the last two with Ruby Keeler still clinging to the screen team. Ruby sings and dances with Powell in the last two and she is a partner with James Cagney in my favorite number at Footlight Parade, Shanghai Lil. <br /> <br /> Joan Blondell is Cagney's impatience at the theater on Friday. As in Crazy Blonde, she is the one with the real brain of that duo, and it's her quick thinking that removes him from some internal problems he has besides the theatrical ones. One of the best roles of the Blondell screen. Look for Dorothy Lamour and Ann Sothern in the chorus on IMDb for both. John Garfield is briefly seen in the Lil Shanghai number. And in a scene at the beginning of the film, producer Guy Kibbee takes Cagney to a cinema with a West B film with John Wayne. The duke's voice is unmistakable. But what's even more unusual is that the short clip shows him in a scene with Frank McHugh playing another assistant Cagney in the Footlight Parade. I think the Brothers played a little joke there. I have to believe the clip was deliberate. The Footlight Parade is Busby Berkeley's best surreal thing.
