A day of opium, a dirty little boy (in fact, a doll), thriving prostitutes, a violent dump in a diving, a motel for chances of sex, expensive dolls dressed with spit, a bully who falls on the stairs, a client racially mixed a bar with Asians, Africans and Anglos treated equally, sounds like a movie playing at the local mall? Wrong. These are all scenes from a 1933 musical. The first half of the movie "Footlight Parade" is the preparation for a musical extravaganza that occupies the last half of the movie. Chester Kent (Cagney) is on the verge of losing his job and losing his playgirl wife as a result of chatting with live music. His makers take him to a popular talky of the day, John Wayne in The Big Trail. Before each presentation of the filming, a number of the dance is presented as a prologue. The shorts, news, serials and cartoons would later serve the purpose. Kent has the idea that a prologue chain would be the path to salvation for a continuously decreasing musical activity. Kent is essentially a man of ideas along the Busby Berkeley choreographer's line. Cagney's character is modeled after Berkeley? May be. <br /> <br /> In preparing prologues, Kent finds his ideas stolen by a rival. He discovers the traitor, burns it, and then he does not know a new leak, being planted in the form of a dazzling temple. His assistant, Nan Prescott (Joan Blondell - soon to be Mrs. Dick Powell) is the unlucky for Kent and is determined to expose the enemies of the temptation. A new singer from Arkansas College is in the form of Scotty Blain (Dick Powell), which turns out to be a true breakthrough and is associated with Bea Thorn (Ruby Keeler). The three prologic melodies, which could not be presented at any stage of the day, are as fresh and enjoyable today as they were over seventy years ago, "Honeymoon Hotel", "By a Waterfall" and " Shanghai Lil. "The special note is James Cagney's song and dance. Like Fred Astaire and Bill "Bojangles" Robinson, Cagney's dance came naturally and unrecognizably, although hours have come into being so every step is right. He is not such a good singer as Astaire, Cagney's song, like Astaire, seemed natural, unlike the so popular crowning of that time. It's amazing that a person could be as talented and as versatile as James Cagney. Most critics prefer the "Shanghai Lil" segment over the other two. However, the kaleidoscopic choreography of "By a Waterfall" is amazing. How Berkeley managed to shoot the ballet under water and create the human snake chain must have been difficult because it has never been repeated. Close-up shots sharply shuffled with distant angles must be seen. The clear black and white photo is far more artistic than it would be if it were shot in color. <br /> <br /> Although not nearly as conscious of society as the 1933 Gold Diggers, "Footlight Parade" is on its own as one of the most amazing and scandalous musicals that you have ever seen, put on the big screen.
