A very early film by Oliver Stone (also associated) produced one of the first films in the impressive career of Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of the independent Troma Independent Independent Studio, the creator of the Avenger Toxic and at the prestigious Fantastic Filmfestival de in Amsterdam, a cinematographer for more than 30 years). After raising the money for this film on his own, Lloyd wrote this script together with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and in regret of regret, listening to the advice that someone else Gershuni would direct the film instead of doing it himself. But at that moment, he was still inexperienced in business, and probably because of such decisions he does not take anything from anyone. Indeed, it would have been interesting to see Lloyd's version of his own script - as one of the most original, daring, experimenting and non-compromising people in the world, likely to have given him a bigger edge than he already had. But as we have the film directed by Gershuni. And the weather is due to strong scenarios or the fact that he is indeed his own director, SUGAR COOKIES is a very intelligent, highly suspense and well-prepared film that deserves much more attention than the one it receives. The smallest budget of the studio (this was just before Kaufman and his boyfriend and 30-year-old partner, Michael Herz, formed Troma) had to work is so well manipulated that the movie looks a lot more expensive, it does not have a "low budget". The story revolves around lesbian Camilla Stone (interpreted by the enigmatic Mary Woronow) and her lover who turns around in circumstances that I will not reveal in order not to spoil a delightful story. This leads to a succession of plot overturnings, mind games and personality reform that is inspired by Hitchcock's Vertigo and at least as inventive. The atmosphere is much grimmer, however, and some comparisons with PERFORMANCE by Nicholas Roeg and Donald Cammell come to mind. In this mix is ​​a very original and inventive erotic thriller that keeps it quite unclear about how it all ends, which along with a splendid interleaved plot with a clue to Kaufman earlier, unfortunately, unavailable BIG GUSS WHAT IS FUSS, makes for a very interesting hour and a half. Of course, one of the best movies in Troma's library, and again one of those films that defies the curious fantasy that their catalog has a bad taste. The DVD includes some recent interviews with Woronov and Best Ms. Lynn Lowry (later seen in George Romero's "The Crazies"), giving Kaufman an interesting insight into what happened in the time of realization of this favorite cult, and some suggestions on what would be different if he would have directed it alone. Highly recommended.
