Start here, a summary: porno queen Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) is murdered by his beloved pornographer Max (George Shannon) in a Russian Russian roulette game. Another girlfriend, lesbian casting agent, Camila Stone (Mary Woronov), offers an alibi for Max. But Camila has her own agenda and a plan that involves seduction of innocent actress Julie (Lynn again) into a network of sexual-minded games. When the identity of the lookalics is sufficiently unclear, the scene is set for revenge as passionate as the warmest carnal meeting. Although this film is quite obscure and has not received too much attention, I find it sexy, gem suspense. Cult goddess Woronov has one of his best roles ever, and she and sexy-innocent Lowry play each other well. Gershon Kingsley's troublesome music plus two original songs ("All-American Boy", "You Say You Never Have Me Down") and Jaynetts "Sally, Go Round the Roses" make up a memorable soundtrack. The direction of Theodore Gershuny is sharp, with everything being photographed in blackened earth tones, which absolutely suggests the affliction of the business that sinks beneath the upper crust of society. With a host of extraordinary atmospheres in New York, Ondine (Woronov's friend and Warholite's colleague) offers a wonderful performance in a small role, and the exotic Monique Van Vooren as Max's wife in a comic sub-plot. This sub-plot, though funny, seems to belong to another movie altogether. However, I do not complain because the film is smooth, even if the gears are changing and it is more interesting that the erotic-thriller garbage is currently cranked out. Trivia: Sugar Cookies was originally rated X (soft-core) and was released by General Film Corporation in 1973. I am the proud owner of an original one-sheet poster - lucky! In 1977, the film was cut for a R movie and re-released by the Troma team, which now offers it on stage. Mary Woronov was the wife of Theodore Gershuny at the time, and apparently was uncomfortable to perform lesbian sexual intercourse with him behind the room. It can also be seen in two previous productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
