Passport to Pimlico is a true treat for all British cinema fans. Not only is it a funny and fun comedy, but it's a film retrospective at a very long time, with attitudes and scenarios, unfortunately now just a memory in British life. Stanley Holloway plays Pimlico's role, Arthur Pemberton, who, after accidental detonation of an unexploded bomb, discovers a wealth of medieval treasures belonging to the Fourteenth Century Burgundy Duchess that was buried deep under their little suburban streets in the last 600 years. the treasure is an ancient legal decree signed by King Edward IV of England (which was not officially canceled) to claim that the street in London was declared Burgundy soil, which means that in the eyes of international law, Pemberton and other local residents are no longer British subjects, but the natives of Burgundy and their small streets an independent country in its own right and a law itself. It establishes resurrected war and impoverished revolves largely because it is considered to be out of English law and jurisdiction, so in a act of drunken defiance, burn their rational books, destroy and ignore the coupons of clothing, blatantly disregarding UK licensing laws, etc. UK. However, what is happening at that time is always spit, black marketeer and dishonest crook follows the example and crosses the "border" in Burgundy as a refuge from the law and the postwar restrictions to sell their dodgy goods, and half of the consumers in London follow them to avoid rationality, making a small happy paradise, a thief of thieves, and a rather crowded one. He appeals to Whitehall for assistance, I am told that due to developments, this is "now a matter of foreign policy, which the Government of His Majesty is reluctant to get involved", which allows the inhabitants to rise and dry. However, they declare the area to be a legal frontier and as such set up a fully equipped customs office at the end of the road, mainly to monitor smuggling rather than to ensure any security for residents of Pimlico. the border is completely closed from a major siege, Bugundian residents slowly cease to come out of water and food, but even less fight in the true British style. As a Bugundian resident quotes, "We are English, and we have always been English, and just because we are English, we fight so much to be Bugundians." A sentiment that is repeated all over capital, as when the rest of London learns of the situation of the poor in Bugundian, everyone feels forced to chip and help, throwing food and supplies over the barbed wire blocks. Will Whitehall, who struggled so that invaders along the centuries were brought to the knees by this new group of strangers, especially since they are English !!!! <br /> <br /> Wonderful story and great fun. Not to be missed.
