My former Cambridge contemporary, Simon Heffer, a writer and journalist today, supported the theory that, as British filmmakers in the 1980s were often critical of what they call "Britain's Thatcher," Ealing's comedies were designed for soap " England's Attlee, "which was born after the Labor victory in the 1945 general election. This theory probably did not intend to apply, for example," Hearts and Coronets Kind "(ie, a satire on Edwardian superior classes) or "The Ladykillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob," both can contain a certain satire but are not of a political nature. However, it can apply to most of the other films in the series, especially "Passport to Pimlico". Pimlico is, or at least in the 1940s, a predominantly London-class neighborhood, located on the northern bank of Thames, about a mile from Victoria Station. It is not fair to say, as it has been said many times, that the film refers to the fact that Pimlico "declares itself" independent of the UK. What is happening is that an old ship appears in the light, proving that in the 15th century the area was ceded by King Edward IV in the Duchy of Burgundy. This means that, from a technical point of view, Pimlico is an independent state and has been for nearly five hundred years, regardless of the wishes of its inhabitants. The government promises to adopt a special law of Parliament to rectify the anomaly, but until the act receives royal consent, the area remains outside the United Kingdom, and British laws do not apply. Since Pimlico is not the subject of British law, the owner of the local pub is free to open the classes he chooses, and local traders can sell whatever they want, without the rationalization laws. When other merchants move to the area to sell their goods on the streets, the British authorities are terrified of what they think they neglected to legalize black and close the areas to try to force the "Burgundians" as the people of Pimlico renamed, surrendered. Many of Ealing's comedies have the central theme of the idea of ​​the little man taking over the system, whether as an individual, as is the case in "Man in the White Costume" or "The Mob Hill Lavender," or as part of a larger community, in "Whiskey Galore" or "The Thunderbolt Titfield". The central theme of the "Passport" is that of men and women who took over the bureaucracy and government regulations that seemed to be an increasingly important feature of life in Britain in the 1940s. The specific objective of the film is the rationalization system. During the war, the system was accepted by most people as a necessary sacrifice in the struggle against Nazism, but it became politically more controversial when the government tried to keep it in peacetime. This was a major factor in the increase of the unpopularity of the Attlee administration, which was elected by a major majority in 1945, and organizations such as the British League of Housewives were set up to fight for the elimination of rationalization. I can not agree with the reviewer who said that the main satires of the movie are "spivs" (black market traders), who play a relatively minor role in action, or League of Housewives, who are not at all. Sahara is very much addressed to bureaucrats who are portrayed either as having a "rule mentality for the sake of rules," or wanting to go over the dollar and avoid having to act at all. <br /> <br /> I suspect that if the movie were done today, it would have a different end, with Pimlico remaining independent as a British version of Monaco or San Marino. (Indeed, I suspect that today this concept would probably serve as the basis of a TV sitcom and not a movie). In 1949, however, four years after the end of the war, filmmakers were passionate about British stress and identity, so the film ended with the resumption of Pimlico in the UK. One of the most well-known lines in the film is: "We have always been English and we will always be English and it's just because we're English that we're keeping our right to be burgundy." There is a strong contrast between the heartless attitude of officials with the common sense, tolerance and good humor of the Cockneys of Pimlico, all of which are presented as quintessentially British features. <br /> <br /> Most of the action takes place during a summer drought and a heat wave, but in the last scene, after Pimlico has returned to the UK, the temperature drops and begins to pour with rain. Global warming may have changed little, but for many years, part of being British was the ability to maintain faith, irrespective of the statistics that could say the opposite, that Britain had an abnormally humid climate. The ability to make jokes about that climate was equally important. There is a good performance from Stanley Holloway as Arthur Pemberton, the terrible and little local politician who becomes prime minister of free Pimlico and a funny surprise from Margaret Rutherford as a history teacher. In principle, however, this is quite appropriate for a movie about a small community that pulls together, an example of an ensemble that does not have real performance, but it all contributes to an excellent movie. It is ill-suited to the ranch of many recent satirical films, but spirit and satire are no less effective for all of this. It remains one of the funniest satires on the bureaucracy ever made, and with the possible exception of "Kind Hearts and Coronets," is my personal favorite among Ealing comedies. 10/10
