It is true that Danny Steinmann's "The Unseen" is a simplistic horror thriller with a very predictable plot, without any special attempts to overturn or surprise, and literally containing every cliché the genre has brought over the decades , but that does not necessarily make it a bad movie. On the contrary, my friends and I have been pleasantly surprised by this amazing, yet intense, feature of shocks, which mainly benefits from a handful of brutal images and an exceptional turn. Beautiful and ambitious reporter Jennifer Fast and two of her equally attractive friends travel to a small California city to film a documentary at the anniversary festival, but their hotel forgot to register their reservation. In search of a place to stay, the trio enters the friendly, but suspicious, museum, Ernest Keller, who invites the girls to stay at his remote rural manor. One by one, the girls experience that Keller and Victoria's extremely introverted and subjective sister conceal a dark and murderous secret inside the house. "The Unseen" can easily be described as a cheap and ultimately perverse combination of "Psycho" and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" classics. The story is a series of familiar themes that have become notorious and endlessly imitated by these two films, such as family vaults twisted in the cellar, voyeurism, mad killers, and a very inappropriate henhouse treatment. However, I do not think these are negative remarks because "The Unseen" is a completely unmanaged and modest thriller that clearly did not intend to be the greatest horror classic of the decade. Although the plot's outcome is quite clear enough, director Steinmann tries to keep the mystery preserving the evil present in the "unseen" house as the promised title. Casting choices and acting performance are really what this passenger raises above the mediocre level. Sydney Lassick, immortalized from his role as an excessively anxious psychiatric patient, Charley Cheswick in "One Flew Over Coco's Cube," is truly the ideal choice for Ernest Keller's role. His persistent friendship and almost natural perverted appearance are exactly what is needed. Also, Stephen Furst, who eventually returns from the unseen he saw him, offers extraordinary performance like "Junior". He looks and acts as an authentic handicapped man, and his attempts to get closer to Jennifer in the basement are really disturbing. "The Unseen" is a slow and predictable film, but still a strong beginning of the 80s, which will surely attract fans of exploitation 70 and strange general stuff.
