Receive this movie if possible. You will find a very good performance by Barbara Bach, a beautiful cinema of an old (and incredibly clean) home, but creepy old and unexpected virtuoso performance by ?? "Invisible". I took a copy of this movie because I was interested in seeing more about Bach, which I just saw in "The Spy Who Loved Me". I really like beautiful classical actresses and I really appreciate them if they can act a little. So we start with a fresh premise. Television reporter Bach is leaving for a friend and is going to a festival in a California city, Solvang, celebrating his Swedish ancestor, putting a great folk festival. She brings together a maid, who happens to be her sister, and another associate. (Late father Karen Lamm plays Bach's sister and if you know the celebrities with whom each of these ladies is married, it's too fun to look at Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Mrs. Dennis Wilson) street that has a quarrel sister.)) Anyway? Bach's unhappy Bau follows Solvang, because he does not fight with her. There is a lot of feeling yet between them but she does not want to look at him breaking himself upward about his down-drain football career. The ladies arrive in Solvang to fulfill the mission for their job, just to find that their reservations have been given to someone else. (Maybe for Bach's lover, because you think where it will stay?). Galleries wander around, but there is no place to go. Mistakenly trying to enter an old hotel that now only serves as a museum, I am surprised by the owner's interest, Mr Keller (later Sidney Lassick), who decides to be a gentleman and find them at home, insisting that his wife will be happy to receive them. Oh no! The next thing we know that Keller gives a phone call to his wife's whispering wife, warning her coming and threatening to play better. Problems in Paradise! Ladies are eager to settle down and return to Solvang to film and interview the Swedes, but one of the girls does not feel well. Bach and Lamm leave it behind, wondering about Mrs. Keller (who played scary with the beautiful Lelia Goldoni), who seems to have just lost her best friend. Speaking of what? As Vicki shook her clothes and walked into a hot tub, she did not realize that Keller had slipped into her room to inspect the keyhole. He hears it, he thinks he came to give his bouquet and call his thanks. Lassick did a great job in this scene, expressing the pain of an old fat tomato that does not look long enough. After he left, poor Vicki sinks into bed for a nap, but he gets out of it very quickly (in a really decent and frightening action round) of something BIG that seems to have fled through her, a grid on the floor? Invisible! Lamm is coming home again (Bach concludes an argument with her drink) and can not find anyone in the house. She knocks over a plate of fruit in the kitchen, and, on her knees and knees to collect her, her hair and fashionable swinging tempting swing over the black floor grid ?? attracting The Unseen Again! Well, at the time when the poor Lamm makes her quiet in the kitchen, we make a retrospective in Mr Keller's past and we make the complete story of what is actually his sick and sadistic background and why his wife does not smile too much. Bach finally gets home and wants to know where her friends are. Meanwhile, Lassick was informed of his afternoon massacre by his wife crying and decided he could not let Bach leave the room to reveal the secret of his home. It tempts him in the basement where the last act of the Keller family tragedy finally opens for us all. I can not say enough about Stephen Furst, which I have not seen before; it is obvious that he has done his homework for this role by studying the methods of communication and expression of the damaged brain; Bach and Goldoni, each in their own different way, give it a gloss of film. Not only that, but the film ends with a satisfactory resolution. There are no cheap tricks, some cheap tricks, eye-breaking dialogue or pathetic cut corners ... A true treatment for your collection.
