So what is a true independent film? One day and at an age when the latest madness of Hollywood's mass will appear extremely resilient, I'm sorry to say that what the public tends to perceive as independent film is nothing more than a smart marketing idea . > <br /> That's why we should rejoice that there are movies like "One-Minute Hate". Along the board, this film makes a point of contradicting its own indie horror film. Love or Hate, "Hate" is not afraid to be what it is, and in watching this movie, you will have the real feeling that Kallio (the director) did not just make this film to spit fake blood everywhere, he is in this to tell stories. Good. You can find this movie in the horror movie section of your video store, but do not be fooled, this story is about love, good people pushed over the edge, and that light so far at the end of the tunnel. If you expect a madness or an abduction of Evil Dead, stay away from this movie. But if you dig the finer points of horror / suspense genres, check out this movie. <br /> <br /> Yes. Bruce Campbell made this film and I'm sure he's proud to tell nobody he's "Evil Dead". Bruce never tried to deal with the image of "ash," and it is obvious that he was not involved in the "Hate" so he could do it anyway. My advice, however, to all Dead-ites devoured rabdly nothing issued by Mr. Campbell is to check this movie out anyway and see what else Mr. Kallio and Mr. Campbell are trying to show you. The actor is well done, although nothing about this movie is an oscar (maybe intentionally), it is good to see compassion performances in a horror film. Often, movie actors like these do not seem to try with "Hate," it seemed as if all the actors would take their bearers seriously without resorting to the typical horror movie champion. /> Technically, "Hatred" is as competent as the indie film. Editing is fast, cinema is good in budget terms, and "Hate" keeps pace fast, without any point of riches or evil anti-climax. <br /> <br /> All in all, Ura can not have the glossy look of all those millions of fake Indians, but I personally do not see a problem with that. It's a film of people who care about the environment. The people who entered inside broke the pockets of the ass, pulled it down and dimmed, cast their prudence at the wind, and made a cursed film.
