Dolph Lundgren is back! Detention marks the first film of Dolphs in nearly two years, and this is behind the hidden Hidden Agenda. This film still marks an improvement for Dolph about his cheap trilogy about Jill Rips, Agent Red and Stormcatcher. However, this movie is far below the standard of the hidden agenda, which was best in almost all aspects. What this movie has in favor of Dolph's previous exit, is a sense of fun cheese. The film also has a Dolph rejuvenated back in a high-action role, and it's good to see Dolph make his own stunts again. The story of the film is an absurd material and prime film B. A former military man is now a teacher, and on his last day of teaching, taking a detention ride, he meets with some bad Slovak boys who took over the school to use it as a cover for a big drug business. The film has no originality, but in a movie of this type you have to have a sense of fun with all the clichés. If you take it too seriously, the audience will find plenty to enjoy. Fortunately, directors do not take too many things seriously, and along with all of the action cliches that you can think of and predictability, this movie has a kind of bad, kind of vibrant enjoyment. If the movie is left down is missed - using a decent budget. The budget of about 10 million was not well spent. Everything is on the screen, with lots of massacres and explosions, but a lot of artworks have no imagination. The opening action is fine, but then the good moments become more rare. There are some good moments. You have a car going through school halls, for example, and a decent kick at the beginning with a lot of damage. The rest of the gunfire are quite mechanical, but there are many on the screen. <br /> <br /> As for the distribution. The hidden agenda praised the best distribution Dolph worked. There was a good standard of actors for a DTV movie. However, this has problems. The actors are mostly bad. Bad guys are terrible, but bad lead man has a kind of joy, because Alex Karsis plays it so high and no sign of any threat that you can laugh at pure evil. The teenagers of the play are actually good, but they play similar characters. Everyone hates authority, they have each other and all of them have bad attitudes and, of course, they learn important lessons until the end, but they are generally decent, and Chris Collins has a similarity in particular. This movie is about Dolph though. While this film is by no means the best, it is by far the worst. He also marks a turning point in his career. He is now in good shape and will be in better shape in his next Direct Action movie. Dolph looks excited here, he's doing his own stunts, and it's good to see him playing the typical action guy (running from slow explosions, a line and manipulating big guns) again in a movie like the most age, though with less flair and imagination than the clique films like Army One. It's good to see Dolph look energetic. His films in the last 8 years have seen Dolph looking a bit tired and using a lot of doubles (he's still fighting with him), but the new Dolph refined seems to be doing it. > Generally, this can be tracked if only for the value of cheese and Dolph in prime-mode action mode. There is only one surprise, but it has an unpleasant charm of charm. **
