This is a great action action movie in my opinion, with cool characters, a lot of action and stunning performance from Dolph Lundgren, however Alex Karzis is terrible as the villain! The story is very good and I found that kids are rather enjoyable, plus Dolph Lundgren is simply amazing in it! The action scenes are excellent and they are almost like Die Hard, except they are set up in a school! And Kata Dobó is very dangerous and sexy as a friend! The final is very exciting and has some cool emotional moments, but I just wanted him to have another villain, because Alex Karzis just did not cut him like your OTT man, and I laughed. This should be higher than 4.1 in my opinion, because I thought it was a great action movie and, while the kids were very stupid at times, they became very creative when the movie went! !. The ending is very funny, and Corey Sevier's character was my favorite student, plus Dolph still has! This is a fun action movie, in my opinion, with cool characters, a lot of action and amazing performance from Lundgren! But Alex Karzis is terrible as the bad guy, though I highly recommend him! Direction is very good! Sidney J. Fury does a great job here with great room work, good angles and keeping the movie very fast! There is a little blood and violence. We have a lot of extremely bloody wounds, knife in the head, bloody arrow blows, blows and other minor things. The actor is fantastic! Dolph Lundgren is amazing as always, and he is amazing here, he is extremely pleasing, he hits that ass as usual, has a great chemistry with the kids, has a wonderful character, is very charismatic, and maybe he did not show great emotional anger , he was still a hell of fun to look!, is one of my favorite actors! (Lundgren Rules !!!!!). Alex Karzis is terrible of the god, as a negative character, he is OTT laugh, he was boring and was not threatening, he also bothered the bumps in me. Kata Dobó is very sexy as the side shot and she did well with what she had to do, she was the real villain in my opinion! Corey Sevier is funny like Mick, he was my favorite student, and I just started warming him up in the second half, I liked it a lot!, He had good chemistry with Dolph too. Dave Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlee) Jennifer Baxter is very cute and good as a fiancée. the rest of the play does well. In general, I strongly recommend! *** 1/2 of 5
