There was a recent political documentary called Why We Fight, trying to examine the infamous industrial military complex, and its adherence to this nation. It is considered both polemical and incisive to make this case against both the complex and the fiasco of war in which we are currently involved in Iraq. However, a much more famous series of films of the same name was made during the Second World War by Hollywood director Frank Capra. Although they have been considered documentaries and have won Oscars in this category, this series of seven films is really a simple agit, more in the spirit of Leni Reifenstal's Triumph, the scenes whose Goat recycles for their own purposes. That being said, this does not mean that it has no vital information that subsequent generations of World War II documentaries (such as the BBC praised The World At War) lacked and did not mean its value as a primary source is any less valuable. They are skillfully created, and after the recent purchase of DVDs used at a discount store, I was able to select a free DVD with my purchase. I chose the fourth DVD collection of the Goodtimes DVD series in the series. We rarely had something so free of value. Although the DVDs are not extracted and the quality of the printed sound varies, these films provide insight into the minds of the Americans two thirds ago, when racism was visible (as in many Warner Brothers classic war warriors war of the era) and there was nothing wrong with the flagrant distortion of the facts. The seven films produced between 1942 and 1945 are Prelude to War, Nazi Strike, Divorce and Conquest, Great Britain, Russia Battle, China Battle, War Comes to America. In general, the movie series is worth forgetting, not only for obvious reasons, but also for the subtle things it reveals, such as the use of plural terms such as millions of dollars when it comes to dollars rather than the modern singular, or the most used graphics in the whole series - a Japanese sword that pierces the center of Manchuria. However, it also shows the complexity of trying to apply previous standards to current wars. The lesson of World War I was not applicable in the Second World War, which did not apply in the three major wars that America fought: Korea, Vietnam, and Iraq. The fact that much of this series is based on the uncertainties of the times in which it was made emphasizes only its historical value in the present times of information. Perhaps it will not help you deal with the truth of today's lies and propaganda, but at least you will realize that you are not the first to be in such a delicate position, nor will you be the last.
