Here's a double note about Barbara Stanwyck on a disc. The first film - and believe me the smallest of them - is MGM's "To Please a Lady" (1950), which is associated with Clark Gable. This is essentially a Gable Star Vehicle, as usual, dominating the film with its presence on the screen. Here's a racing macho driver who gets a bad press from feminist reporter Stanwyck and starts the fight between genders. Of course, after a long time, they finally end up in the arms of others, and it all comes in a predictable and enjoyable approach. A little puff of a movement really, but Gable and Stanwyck - two icons of the golden age - make you watch! But the real meat on this DVD is the second feature - a wonderful and fairly unknown little thriller called JEOPARDY. Produced by MGM in 1953, this is a wonderful little jewel of a movie that did not give a single jot! Here Stanwyck plays Barry Sullivan's wife and their young son Lee Aaker's mother on holiday on a deserted and distant Mexican beach when suddenly the tragedy strikes. A dilapidated wood vault collapses by taking Sullivan under a heavy pillar and guessing what? Yes, the wave comes. With a soul in sight and incapable of releasing him, Stanwyck leaves with the assistance car. After a certain distance, the only help he can get comes from an unscrupulously condemned (Ralph Meeker) who, in return for his help, wants more than money or change of clothes ("I'll do anything to save my husband.) She or she does not? <br /> <br /> Meeker runs with the image! It turns into an extraordinary performance! Once you enter the movie, you just can not take it his eyes on him! "A Brando-style actor who, surprisingly, never made much of his career in films." Although he interpreted a splendid interpretation as the cavalry officer disgusted with the wonderful "Naked Spur" Mann / Stewart (1953) and one of the French soldiers sacrificing Stanley Kubrick's drama "The Way of Glory" (1957), only the real claim to fame was Mike Hammer in Mickey Spillane's "Kiss Me Deadly" in 1955. His performance in Jeopardy should have been do wonders for him, but he had as good a career in movies. He died in 1988. Because of this version, Jeopardy can now proudly take his place as a classic noir. A memorable, thrilling and exciting thriller due to the fine performances of John Sturges's strict performance, Victor Milner's crisp monocrome cinema and Dimitri Tiomkin's atmospheric score. Extras, however, are not big shakes, except for a radio version of "Jeopardy" and trailers for both films. This disc is also part of a set of Barbara Stanwyck's box celebrating her centenary. Hard to believe that the lady would be over 100 years old if she were still around! JEOPARDY - a winner of MGM!
