Jeopardy is a tense, satisfying thriller, a cut above B, but not a major production. She qualifies as an experimental film, as the studio that produced it, Metro, desperately searched for new movies, stars and directors to compete with the new television environment. The director, John Sturges, has been an up-and-hand with his best years. He had just begun to film high-level films and had already proved to be the most capable craftsman. Stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker were in very different stages of their career. Stanwyck's years of glory were behind him, but he could still have a movie, as it turns out. Barry Sullivan, as her husband, was one of the dozen people who began filming in the 1940s, who never managed to succeed the success many people hoped for. He was a fine actor, dizzy, but unlucky, but superior in superiority than superior, which made him excellent in professional roles. Because the convict who has escaped, who is the only person around who can save Sullivan's life (he is caught under a dike and the tide is growing), Ralph Meeker is more energetic than usual. This excellent actor had the misfortune of getting to movies after Brando and Clift. He was as good actor as any of them, but he lacked charisma. His negotiations with Stanwyck, which comes down to his demanding sex in exchange for saving her husband (only implicitly, as 1953), makes an interesting premise that, if it were a different film, could raise all the interesting questions about the character to Stanwyck. Meeker is indeed a more interesting character than Sullivan; and in her scenes with him, Stanwyck is more alive than she is with her husband and son. But because it's a formula, not a piece from Strindberg, the possibility that Stanwyck wants to make a complaint - to leave the question of her husband's question out - remains unexplored. In this sense, the flow of input does not have the effect that it would have wanted, although the film remains tense and extremely fun, thanks to excellent photography, excellent location, almost entirely outdoors and an excellent direction by Mr. . Sturges.
