When I started to be interested in movies, at the age of eleven, I had a large list of "I have to see" movies and I would go to Blockbuster and rent for two or three weeks; some of them were not for all audiences and my mother would go nuts. I remember one of the films on this list was "A line of choirs" and could not get it; so now you see it is a dream come true. Of course I lost the list and I would do anything to recover, because I think there were some interesting things to look for. I mean, take it "A Chorus Line," a stage piece transformed into a movie. I know it's something we see today very much, but since then it has been a bit different, apparently; and this movie has something special. Most of the musicians have made films today, take the chance that the room offers them free of charge, create different scenes and take the characters in different places; "A Chorus Line" was born on stage as a play and dies in the same place as a movie. Following a large audience by the famous Zach choreographer (Michael Douglas), Richard Atenborough directs a large number of dancers as they try to get the job done. Everything happens on the same day: the stress of not knowing, the stress of learning the numbers, the silent competition among the dancers and everything appears on stage, where Douglas puts each dancer in the spotlight and makes them talk about their personal lives and their experiences more horrible. There are hundreds of dancers and all are fantastic, but their list is shortened with the passage of hours. As a movie I have seen recently, "A Prairie Home Companion," broadcasting a radio show, Atenborough deals here with the issue of continuity. On or behind the scenes, things happen and time does not seem to stop. Again, I do not do it if Atenborough cuts a lot to shoot this, but certainly does not look like that; and anyway it's a great direction and editing (John Bloom). But at that very small step, what do you ask is what to do with the camera? With one set, Ronnie Taylor's cinematography finds the way, making close to certain characters, zooming and out, showing a scene from a different perspective, and also giving us a beautiful view of New York. At a crucial moment, Douglas tells the followers: "Before we begin to eliminate: you are wonderful and I would like to hire you all, but I can not." This made me think about today's reality shows, where the only thing that matters is the talent to sing or dance, and where the jury always says exact words to competitors before the departure of some of them (even when they are not good). It's hard, you have to imagine; at least here, where everyone is truly wonderful. To tell some of the stories, the characters use songs, and in a moment, the stage has a new life and is literally a "dream come true." The music of Marvin Hamlisch and the lyrics of Edward Kleban make the theater a flawless film transition , showing the feelings of these dancers and leaving them to make those wonderful choreographers by Michael Bennett. The book in the theater also becomes a perfect and very short script by Arnold Schulman, which is sometimes very moving. song, will be a word, but in A Chorus Line it's impossible not to move in. During a rehearsal break at the hearing, Cassie, a special dancer played by Alyson Reed, takes the place to convince his character Douglas can do it The words "let me dance for you" have never sounded more honest and beautiful in music and lyrics.
