Like many series pilots, the Dark Angel opener shows a mixture of great potential and a slight problem of finding their own legs. Not that this is unusual in any way, but there is a feeling that it could have worked better if the story had been tightened and concentrated more. In the world of today, where something has to be caught or dismantled, the series has made a bit of a disadvantage by not leaving at least halfway through the focused road with all the flaming guns. The ninety-minute pilot really feels like two episodes stuck together, and both episodes have a focus problem. In the first half of the year, I was presented to Max and completed on what she was leading. We also get some interesting routines with Max, using his or her skills to win bets, interact with a PI or solve the internal problems of colleagues. The problem here is that there is nothing unusual about any human being with a normal set of genes, on television or otherwise. When we hit the second half, we have a story with a purpose and focus. Throughout the two halves, Max is at the center of a pirate journalist who feels it's a living mission to save the world by exposing a dirty dealer at some point. In the second half, the repercussions come to an end, and Max has a hard time cleaning up the resulting mess. This creates the premise for the rest of the series and works, but does not click long enough if you figure it out. It's like most of the pieces are there, but a couple who makes a complete picture has been left out. Maybe it will fill with episodes later, but that's out of the way. The fact is that the content of this episode could easily have been said with twenty-eight minutes less. The last negative is that a lot of support distribution is not absolutely obligatory. The original Cindy, in particular, is an inconvenience and I doubt it has changed in the next twenty episodes. While the act is not as bad as soap during the day, it is not so high that I would recommend it. Jessica Alba is not the worst actor in the world, but she does not come in terms of being convincing when the story needs it. The good news is that the premise and production values ​​are all lightning. In fact, this series was considered rather expensive and regrettable that it was canceled to be replaced by another show that did not last for a whole year. Especially when there was enough time for both shows - he could simply cancel out one of the disgusting trash bits they beat under the reality TV banners. The truth is that we need more shows, such as the Dark Angel, where imagination, rather than subduing, is used to attract attention. I totally gave the Dark Angel seven out of ten. He never rises above the level of television with throwers and has never had the chance to rise to the potential he shows in his own running time. But the potential is there and this is often all that matters in terms of pilots.
