I do not agree with one of the commentators who compared this film with American International Pictures. Basil Deardon directed a brutal, realistic film with an honest attempt to describe the rise of juvenile delinquency in post-war England (but without the "Blackboard Jungle" sentimentality). The cinema was excellent because it really captured the scarcity and isolation of the huge neighborhood. Property seemed an old prison. Stanley Baker was excellent as the reinforced detective, reassigned to the juvenile division - "urgent, urgent - Larceny - five ice lollies" !!!! He finds it's the bottom of many jokes. David McCallum showed he was one of Britain's best talents in the 1950s. (She had a very different role in Stanley Baker's other "Hell Drivers" movie). Johnny's presentation and fanatical pursuit he inspired was very scary. Ann Heywood was also very good as cynical Cathie. I would not say there's a romantic submarine in it. Detective Jack Truman investigates a series of fire attacks by someone called "Firefly." As he finds evidence that could lead to a breakthrough, he is assigned to the Juvenile Division - he is quite disgusted with what he feels is not a proper police work. In the midst of all the heckling he gets his first call - twelve-year-old Murphy twins work at a scam at local lolly stores! Taking the twins home, he meets their brother, charismatic Johnny, and their busy sister Cathie. He begins to appreciate how life in inherited housing can turn small children into criminals. As he becomes more involved in the family, he realizes that there is a strong link between the fires, Johnny and a scared young man working for the laundry. The local priest (Peter Cushing in an unusual role away from the horror of the hammer) explains that when Johnny was younger, he saved some people from a burning building and was hailed a hero. He wanted to take on his sense of importance and be useful and feel that it could by fires. The school siege was filmed in a very real way and the spectator felt the fear of the children - the teacher (thinking only of his own safety) is going down and blocking them in the room with the frightened man scared !!!! /> I thought it was an excellent movie that tried to show some of the social problems the UK experienced after the war. Highly recommended.
