This film was the first British teenage film to address the reality of the rock and roll violent society rather than being a lucid parody of teenage life in the 1950s. In an attempt to celebrate the activity of junior liaison officers from Liverpool, the opening title shows that 92% of the potential delinquents who were involved in this system did not commit a second murder. However, this becomes just a pretext for the next teen-drama to the epilogue of the film, where we are instructed that we should not feel responsible or feel sorry for such offenders, though they would seem to mix them. Baker plays a tough detective who reluctantly takes over as a liaison officer for minors. This hot character is a typical role for Baker. Being presently on the path of a notorious infamous known as the firefly and not enjoying the distraction of the transfer. However, as in all good police drama, he is led by a circle of remarkable events, back to the original investigation. His first case leads him to the house of two young children, Mary and Patrick Murphy (played by the real brother and sister duo) who have committed a small storm. Here she meets Cathie (presented satisfactorily by Anne Heywood) with her older sister, with whom she finally engages romantically. Obviously, it becomes clear that the environment of such buildings is a breeding ground for juvenile delinquency. The older brother of the Murphy family, Johnny, is the leader of a rock and roll hoodie band. McCallum makes an appealing twist as a mixed American child, owed more to Marlon Brando than any other British star. One is remembered by Brando Johnny's character from "The Wild One," who led a rebellious bikini band in the same way as Johnny leads him on tape. Fortunately, earlier preaching, the crime scene at Dearden, such as the "Blue Lamp", is not so obvious. Instead, we are presented with some well-drawn characters on both sides of the law, as a drama of the delinquents, and the romantic interest between Heywood and Baker is at the forefront. The terrain, sometimes predictable, offers some memorable scenes. The disruptive influence of rock and roll music has been played in a scene where Johnny abandons his music, leading a threatening advance to the police sergeant. The most memorable piece of film is, however, the climatic scene of a class where a bunch of horrified school children, including Mary and Patrick, are taken hostage to Johnny's gun. Obviously, in the light of Dumblaine's real-life massacre, this scene seems terrifying. Clearly, for this reason, the film is rarely broadcast or accessible to the modern audience.
