A few years ago, U.K. Gold has promoted repetitions of "Men Behaving Badly" with the hype: "Here is the original sitcom of flat sharing!" This was actually untrue. "The Man About the House" was also a flat-play sitcom and ran from 1973-76. It was the creation of Johnnie Mortimer and Brian Cooke, creators of the popular sitcom "The Strong Father". When it ended, they decided they wanted to do something more in harmony with the times. <br /> <br /> In the first episode, Chrissy (Paula Wilcox) and Jo (Sally Thomsett) set up their apartment on the Myddleton Terrace after a wild party when they find a man in the bathroom. He is Robin Tripp (Richard O'Sullivan), a cooking student in Southampton, with no fixed home. As her clothes dry out, she puts on a toilet dress and prepares a table for them. They are so impressed by his culinary skills that he invites him to stay. But there must be no nasty business. So Robin has to claim to be homosexual ... "I Love 1973" by B.B.C-2, presented in 2000, Julie Burchill claimed that "The House" showed him a way of life that he envied. He was not alone. One of the most iconic (for me, anyway) images of British television in the 1970s was that Sally Thomsett came out of the underground in London wearing an umbrella and a blind man making a double exit as her canopy passed . <br /> <br /> A man living with two girls was a risque subject for time, but Mary Whitehouse did not need to warm herself under the collar, it was an innocent and good fun. Mortimer and Cooke's writings came as close as they could to the edge without crossing them. Richard O'Sullivan was still playing "Bingham" in I.TV's "Doctor In Charge" when he started this. In fact, the second run of "In Charge" overlaps with the first in the "House". He was born to play with Robin, crazy about sex. Paula Wilcox, "Chrissy," was stronger than "Beryl," her character starred in "The Lovers," while Sally Thomsett's "Jo" was a very dizzy blond. As time passed, he became almost like a big brother to them. For many viewers, Brian Murphy and Yootha Joyce have stolen the show as Ropers. George lost interest in sex, but Mildred did not. They continued their own show - "George & Mildred". Doug Fisher later had good value as Larry's friend Robin. It worked so well that it was done regularly. <br /> <br /> During one year of debut, there was the inevitable movie. I'm not a big fan of "The Man About the House," because I think it was stretched to suit the big screen. Most of his characters have never appeared in series. The format was sold in America, where it became a long-lasting "Third Company" with director John Ritter and Suzanne Somers. It was more suggestive than the original British, with Somers often seen in sexy clothing. After six seasons, "House" ended with Chrissy married Norman Norman Eshley, Robin's older brother. The fans were devastated to see that Robin was unable to make the girl he loved, but there was some consolation in the fact that he landed his own show - Robin's Nest.
