When I saw the birthday, I liked it so much that I began to see every Nicole Kidman movie I could, just to find a disappointment compared to it. Theoretically, while the presence of a certain star usually guarantees a certain level of quality due to its artistic control, Nicole Kidman's influence is detrimental to film pleasure - IMHO. Thus, for example, Dogville, even leaving the viewer something visual to divert the existential vision he is knocking home, or other films that promote homosexuality and lesbianism as worthy of Kidman's attention to any person or other cause. <br /> <br /> Here is a natural woman and she does a very good job. I do not know how or who managed to stop it, but it seems to have worked. The way in which the film describes its openness, despite its resilience, is at the center of what a woman makes a woman. And, therefore, what makes a man's most desperate hopes to be fulfilled. Of course, the fact that male leadership turns from a military clerk to a macho man in the space of a movie sounds like a fantasy expansion of a male ego, but its transformation is properly credible. It's not controversial like in a movie designed to support the male ego. Instead, it accurately records the necessary increases resulting from the unique circumstances of the film. Also quite charming is the way in which criminals are portrayed as perfectly human, apart from their criminal mission. Her group has a gross and wicked turn that is alien to American culture. And while they are his adversaries, they are never his enemy. In fact, they teach him to be competitive. I really enjoyed Kidman's ability to appear physically in Russian. I was wondering if her ancestors were Russians, but none of the pictures I examined showed any indication. Maybe it's just makeup, but it was amazing. <br /> <br /> I can only hope that they beat her head again soon so he can make another great movie. Despite my free screams to Mrs. kidman, the message is that it is a superior movie in any way and perhaps the role of a life.
