This is a great little movie that is very unique and creative, with some great twists and wonderful shows! All the characters are wonderful, and the story while it's bizarre, it's fascinating and very interesting, plus Nicole Kidman is just amazing in that! It's really hard to describe this movie because it's really bizarre, it's a comedy / romance, a minute, then it turns into a thriller in the next, but it was very fun at the same time, plus Nicole's Russian accent it was fantastic; extremely convincing. Chaplin and Kidman had very good chemistry together and I liked Vincent Cassel's performance, plus a few of the overturning of the plot really surprised me! The end was very cute, and it's unpredictable all the time, plus this movie is pretty underestimated as well! You will be sorry for Chaplin and the way he is scammed and I think all the characters are really nice and the finale is especially good. This is Nicole's movie, however, and she wears it with her incredibly sexy performance! This is a great movie that is very unique and creative, with some wonderful twists of plot and wonderful shows! I highly recommend this! Direction is very good! Jez Butterworth is doing a great job here with great camera work, solid angles and keeping the movie at a fast pace! The actor is great! Nicole Kidman is incredibly wonderful and amazing as always, she is incredibly sexy, very enjoyable, had one of the most beautiful accents, added a lot of attendance, had very good chemistry with Ben Chaplin and had a very character mysterious! , it was amazing. (Kidman Rules !!!!). Ben Chaplin is great here, he is extremely enjoyable, he has a cool character, he has a very good chemistry with Kidman, the only thing I did not like was to get Kidman out of his anger, even if what he did was wrong and I liked how she eventually avenged! Vincent Cassel is fantastic as the main villain, yes he was OTT, but he was very intense and pretty creepy sometimes, this role was perfect for him. Mathieu Kassovitz is fine, but he did not have much to do. The rest of the camp is fine. In general, I strongly recommend! *** 1/2 of 5
