This movie really awakened me as if she was awakening the main masculine character of this brave film different from the sleep of her life. This guy John (Ben Chaplin) runs his mediocre life safely by a banker in a small provincial English town, to the astonishingly wonderful, wild, face-to-death-for Nadia (Nicole Kidman) mail from Russia, enters his life to become his beloved wife through Johns' plan. However, there is a glitch - Nadia does not speak a word with Johns' tongue. Although calm and emotionally out of the ordinary, John becomes so interested in the beautiful Nadia that instead of using the Full Repayment Matching policy, he buys a dictionary to begin the communication process. What is happening from now on in the plot is really shaking the poor John from his sleep by a paying servant of decently paid feelings in a decision making a decent figure, giving the viewer a subliminal message "You've probably acted the same way." /> Kidman, Cassel & Kassovitz are a great team that acts on the Russians and is almost indistinguishable from what is real, "almost" just because of the slight emphasis in their Russian dialogues, no matter how easy it would be to astonish an indigenous Russian heavy to get the right words. Nicole Kidman proves his talent again by playing a character different from previous roles, at least from the cultural environment. The pace of the movie is fast and exciting, and you are surely not ready to forget about the ending titles, rather you feel like you are in the middle of the plot and have a desire to see the sequel as soon as it comes out. My advice is to go out and take this movie right away and watch and enjoy it. To summarize, he has an unusual plot, a wonderful acting and ideas beneath the surface. Just as the idea of ​​"rude awakening" from the routine life of a wheel of a car of a society, the life that the members of the Wrestling Club were so eager to give up, as well as the car played by Pink Floyd ("Welcome to car! "). I bet he was, in the end, with Sophia on the way to the unknown before he did not meet him at all. Thank you, writers, for the big story, and anyone else for that great movie! Please do a follow up! And you can do it anywhere and call your location, because the authenticity of the place is irrelevant to 99.9999% of potential viewers, I'm sure of that.
