I would recommend this movie! And I will certainly personally recommend it to my friends and family here and abroad! It was anticipated with enthusiasm that I ordered it online, I liked it so much! It's not until February / March 2008, but it's worth it! But first go and see in the cinema if you can. There's nothing like Cinema-The Experience of a Motion Picture! Insist that your local cinema puts it! I went to see tonight Seachd, the Inaccessible Pinacle, here in London, and he was really impressed. It's a wonderful one: a truly beautiful film, set up in the Highlands of Scotland: you will laugh, cry, be moved in different ways, intrigued, and if the stories story is revealed, you will be amazed at this revelation. This movie is in Scottish Gaelic with English subtitles, but do not let it distract you if you are not a Gaelic speaker: I just start and my son does not, nor did many people do tonight and did not have it ruined for us by no means! Superlatives are not enough! The photo is superb - there is no CGI here, and the movie is all the better for that - here you have a true photo! The script is written so skillfully and subtly. The multi-layered terrain weaves the magical art of the ancient storytellers. Music is sometimes frightening, sometimes haunting, but always adding to the atmospheric atmosphere. And acting? ... to see ... and the actors? ... they are the true weavers of this delightful and profound film, especially the two main actors, "Padruig-Young" and "Padruig-elders" (A true bard if ever there!), Who wore both a task very heavy! And Direction? Take care of Richard! And the manufacturer, responsible for raising funds, hiring key staff and organizing distributors? A well done task! I hope you will be sure that distribution will be made in foreign communities! And the Gallic Community? Uill, without you, could not have happened! We were told that this movie was made at a low budget, but you would not have known, and I think it could be because, for what they lacked money, they did more than cope with wealth heart, and warmth and cooperation of the Scottish Scottish local community. A wholehearted thanks to all those interested in creating and sponsoring "Seachd" - Mòran taing! (Many Thanks!) From Gaels to the World! From the world to Gaels!
