Scotts excel at stories. The traditional type. Many years after the event, I can still see in my mind an elderly lady, my friend's mother, telling the battle of Culloden. It makes the characters come alive. Her passion is that of an eyewitness. One of the events on the salt hearth, about a mile from where he lives. Of course, it happened many years before it was born, but you did not guess the way she said. The same story is told in bars the length and width of Scotland. As we discussed with a friend one evening in Mallaig, a local discount to give his version. Discussions continued until the end of time. Stories transmitted as such become part of our being. Who does not remember the stories our parents told us when we were kids? They become our invisible world. And as we grow older, we can still serve as a source of inspiration or as an emotional reservoir. Fact and fiction with aspiration, role models. Warning stories. Archetypes. Magic and mystery. "My name is Aonghas, like my grandfather and grandfather before him." Our protagonist is introduced to us. And it also introduces the story that stretches back through generations. It produces stories in stories. Stories that evoke the impenetrable wonder of Scotland, its mountains wounded in the fog. Things of the legend. However, Seach'd is actually rooted. This gives it a special charm. It has a beautiful and authentic duration, temperate with some of the best Welsh songs you will ever hear. Aonghas (Angus) visits his grandfather in the hospital shortly before his death. He burns with frustration. Part of him wants to be in the 21st century, to stay in Glasgow. But he is raised on the west side of a gay-speaking community. However, there is a deeper conflict inside him. He longs to know the truth. The truth of his grandfather's old stories. Where does fiction end? And he wants to know the truth behind the death of his parents. He is fired to make a last dying trip to the tip of one of the most inaccessible mountains in Scotland. Can the truth be told? Or is it all in stories? In this storyline story, we review bloody battles, poisoned lovers, old folklore, and folklore sometimes more betrayal of accepted truth. In this sense, everyone connects us with Angus, because he lives the story of his own life. Seachd: The inaccessible pinacle is probably the most honest, most pretentious and truly beautiful Scottish movie ever made. Like Angus, I was a little annoyed, with the pretext of telling stories more. But, like Angus, I forgave them once I saw the bigger picture. Forget about Braveheart's box office and his. You may even give up the famous drama of The Wicker Man. To see a movie that is true for Scotland, it's probably unique. If you could meditate on it quite deeply, you could even reevaluate the power of the story and the old question of the existence of truths that can not be said, but only experienced.
