To summarize this documentary in a few words is almost impossible. Every fiber of your body tells you that this does not happen right from the opening of the quick images until the last Ground Zero cleaning blow, but each frame is real. The story was created by two French brothers who live in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet ("Nau-day") want to make a documentary about New York firefighters starting with a "newbie" from the academy and following it through the nine- , equipped with a firefighter. Seeking help from their close friend, actor James Hanlon (36), an actor and firefighter at station 1, engine 7, Naudets goes through the "Probies" to the academy and finds Tony Benetakos concentrating most of the documentary on. <br /> <br /> Tony gets the end of the jokes and slowly learns the invasion of the station life through members of this close family. Firefighters have a superstition about "probioms." These are either "white clouds" or "black clouds", which means that, with the latter, all kinds of fires follow "Probie". The first means that she has very little fire activity, but one day she will be the mother of all the fires. Tony is a "White Cloud". After a few growing pains, Tony sat in the fire as if he were a veteran. Then it happens inconceivable ... September 11, 2001 begins with a clear blue sky and an early morning call to go and see about an alleged gas leak not far from Wall Street. Because Jules had little experience in the room, Gideon gives a camera to his younger brother and tells him to walk with the boss, T. K. Pfeiffer. Arriving at about 8:42, the firefighters begin to use their gas detectors on a grill. Then the sudden sound of what appears to be a low flying plane breaks around the scene and, as Jules climbs up, we see the first strike of the day. Flight 11 of the US company breaks in front of the northern tower of 1 world trade. Pfeiffer orders his men into the fire engine and head for the World Trade Center. Once there, Jules asks to accompany the Chief in the tower. Pfeiffer tells Naudet to stay close to him. Once inside, the full impact of the growing disaster begins to appear on the faces of men whose sole purpose is the saving of human lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decides to leave the fire brigade and go to the impact area. Once there, he captures the impact of the second airplane, United Airlines Flight 175, with 2 World Trade. He knows that Jules is with Pfeiffer's boss inside the towers. Watching and capturing the crowd's reaction to unimaginable, Gideon begins to surprise the bigger fear in Manhattan. Inside the tower, Jules records the last view the world has or the loved ones will have from sons, parents, uncles, grandparents, spouses, friends, friends one by one, every firefighter carrying 60 kg of equipment starts a long climb up to 80 stories to save the wounded and captured. Jules also captures the last vision Pfeiffer will have from his brother, Kevin, as he goes to fulfill his altruistic duty. Also caught on the video is the sound of gutwrenching cadres falling down the sidewalk by choosing to jump from the upper floors above the impact areas earlier than faces death in the hands of flames and smoke. But Jules is respectful, never capturing a sensationalistic moment ... the shot money. His work is professional through his baptism of fire. He also drew attention to the debris falling from the second tower after being hit by the second plane and the way the firefighters evacuated civilians from the building. Then Jules is caught in the collapse of the southern tower and the first official victim is taken: Father Michael Judd, the head for the firefighters. When Jules and Chief Pfeiffer make their way out of the collapse of the second tower, the first tower begins its structural collapse. <br /> <br /> What results is a stunning look inside Ground Zero because Jules and Gideon work separately to document that day. I do not know if he's alive, everybody afraid of the worst. As each fireman arrives at the firefighters, he greets each other with cheerful hugs when they return. And in a moment of overwhelming emotion, Jules and Gideon come together. As Jules shouts on his brother's shoulder, Gideon embraces his younger brother as Hanlon is the subject of the subject. There is a frightening moment when Tony Benetakos, who left the post with a former boss, is believed to have been lost ... but returning for a walk, this "Probie" proved himself. with only three interruptions, 9/11 is an amazing achievement in the documentary film. It is classed there with the film from Hindenburg in the presentation of history as it unfolds. Naudets must be praised for their delicate manipulation of the subject. In smaller hands, the trend would be sensational, but Naudet looks at dignity and compassion. Discussed by Hanlon, we have the feeling of his words, while he takes his audience by the events of September 11th. Robert De Niro hosts the program in a sleepy, restricted way. He never searches the room for his own glory, but puts the scenes you are about to see. I also congratulate CBS for their bravery at the broadcast of this special. Punished for their attempt to grab the ratings, they temper their editing to the emotions of the relatives of those who have perished. He has to see for anyone who needs to remember true heroism. It's not about dribbling a basketball, or selling an album of hate verses ... 9/11 is about humanity at its best. Heroism at the best and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
