It is true that you always remember what you were doing at a time when disaster or tragedy hits. And no more so that September 11, 2001, once changed the global landscape in the fight against terrorism. No, this documentary did not set out to deal with the events that led to 9/11. Rather, the directors, the Gédéon brothers and Jules Naudet, tried to make a documentary about the trials and tribulations of a New York firefighter. They went to the academy and made some training trunks and selected the "sample" (firefighter) to join them in a NY fire home at Ladder 1 and Engine 7. But their production was to develop and contain time, considered to be the only shot of the first aircraft that entered the World Trace Center. I traveled back with a friend on the train from a LAN night and I got a call at around 850 o'clock local time from my father, who informed me of the above. A few minutes later, he told me there was another one and that the WTC was attacked. When I got home, the upper floors of twin towers were lit in smoke, and to horror, they collapsed under an hour. The filmmakers had two rooms running that day, one that followed a team to a routine call and ran immediately to the WTC after hearing and saw the plane crash into it. We are watching what is possible the only shot of events in the WTC1 lobby, where the first respondents of firefighters, paramedics and police had to understand what happened and develop an action plan quickly. The other camera, kept by the other brother, headed for the WTC to look for his brother, and during the journey he captured many New York's expressions, as well as the chaos of Manhatten and around him. > <br /> Through the documentary, there are numerous interviews with Ladder 1 and Engine 7 men, who, miraculously, have never suffered an accident. But survivors have also brought their own set of psychological disorders because they are struggling to meet this event. Through the events that unfold, we find out about the strong camaraderie among these people who risk every day to live in their lives, to save lives. We started with what the documentary should be, the events of the day turned and focused, until the rescue phase, where the hopes of finding survivors under the rubble were kept alive by men who were constantly working to Understands collapsed steel structures. It's not a movie that's made and what you see here can not be recreated in any other documentary (and heavens, not Hollywood blockbusters). It's just as close as you can on that day, confessing the near-safe event. Code 1 DVD contains an additional extra hour of 4 sets of Ladder 1 and Engine 7 men interviews.
