The incredible documentary captured all the chaos and frenzied misery that broke out over the NYC on that festive morning on Sept. 11. Intense, personally, and totally riveting, 9/11 is probably the biggest document ever made accidentally, which gives him an even bigger call. Until that morning, directors Gideon and Jules Naudet followed a team of firefighters in New York, focusing specifically on a new recruiter in a small piece they shot with rigorous training to become a fireman. Outside the team that filmed the morning routine, Jules picked up the camera up to the sky in time to record one of the only known pictures of the first plane that hit the World Trade Center, and from there a simple documentary was not more. Visitors get a first hand about being in and around zero because the amazing firefighters and a deeply amazed cameraman are trying to navigate this disaster. Without hesitation, Naudet follows these heroes automatically programmed into the tower while their entire support collapses around them. The brutal fear of an unknown and imminent doom hides with greater viability, then any fictitious production may be less and less understandable and less audible and visible to those trapped inside. Almost equally memorable is the sincere capture of a larger brother of Gideon of an entire city in the crowds of greater and more palpable fear than all that they have assisted collectively. Until we get to the second tower collapse while the cameraman gets up from the apocalyptic remnants, we should wash away the dirt from the amazingly close catches. filmmakers deserve only a kind of credit as being in the right place at the right time to document such an extraordinary event, although only two brothers can admire their extraordinary adaptation to such an event; in a few desperate moments we see them become the firefighters they are documenting - only to save lives they knew they had to save images, even if they would cost their own safety. After watching 9/11, and seeing it came out in 2002, I feel more resented by the recent conversion of Oliver Stone, the great shopping center of the Bank. Many criticized the film for ignoring the narrowing of the concentration on the two survivors caught in the grave, and although I liked the film for the little and sentimental ending she brought in the Hollywood film, 9/11, all make the movie completely outdated. Not only is this truly immersive shooting the only final collection of that day, but the sublime half-way motifs ensure that this documentary has all the heart and character necessary to not feel the event again.
