9/11 is a classic example of true cinema, a kind of realistic documentary, in this case the New York firefighters, fighting against one of the most extraordinary events in the history of the world. All minuscule, discreet handheld cameras are often translated by the poor quality of most movies (and by the director, Naudet's hand wiping the screen frequently). In this movie, you'll know most of the firefighters - Tony Benatatos, beginner (or "probie" in NN fireman vernacular), fire boss Joseph Pfeiffer (who learns that he lost his brother later) and a few others. There are studio interviews with most of these people throughout the movie, just to highlight the personal, reflective nature of the events. The construction is quite dramatic and well done, especially the Fire Department's ceremony, with some useful songs and a rather limited dialectical editing of the film (just like Rob Reiner's A Few Good Men). Tony looks proud. The point of view and the angle of the room are usually in the middle of the firefighters, which is exciting and there are some excellent pictures inside the WTC1 lobby, while Pfeiffer and his team are planning to continue - this is the classic cinema verite. There is also the staggering sound that causes the fatigue of the casual human body collapsing in front of the outside gate. Then a Pfeiffer from the Chief of Fire, increasingly forced, realizes that his task is desperate and probably hopeless - and this is before the WTC2 collapses. You have to give credit to Naudet to know which of the faces to shoot and at what time. The sound of the neighboring collapse of the WTC2 is so terrible, sad and frightening that you realize what a firefighter is trying for. From the hall, it seems, it feels and it seems like the end of the world, and the poor firefighters look so completely astonished and frightened. You have heard a giant and trembling noise - like a giant, monolithic beast that collapses slowly on the ground after being so wounded deadly - the neighboring tower collapsed, but the fire team remaining in the WTC1 disagrees with this event. Where is communication? This movie is captivating yet the story is amateur and should have been avoided - the clues that "it was really one day like no other" or Naudet's often banal statements like "fear in everyone's eyes" and "I knew Tony was scary "! The movie is indeed a long video record. There are no pictures from above in the building where some firefighters left. Imagine that this movie was mixed with CCTV images in some of the above cameras or some of the news coverage of the day. The effect would be greater. You could even combine this story with that of Mayor Giuliani and perhaps with the famous Cornishman Rick Riscorla, who literally was on many floors where he played the hero. I do not see much of a propaganda element in this film, as some commentators suggest. This film is not the Triumph of Will, by Riefenstahl. Sometimes firefighters take the American flag to a nearby building that has survived what Ground Zero has become. So what? There are also some moments of dubious camera work; for example, who holds the room when the two Naudet brothers meet back to the fire station? It is an excellent stage, very much in the tradition of the excellent French director Alain Resnais (Hiroshima mon amour), with two strips of light reflected in water, shimmying.
