My roommate bought this documentary and invited me to follow her. He is from China and he heard so much about September 11 and wanted to know the cold truth and wanted to tell him more after the documentary. I felt terrible by looking at this documentary, it was like resuming the nightmare and bringing tears to my eyes. But I am extremely grateful to see this documentary, because on September 11, I'm sure we all remember where we were and what we were doing when we heard that we could all just think of some questions: "Why?", "How?", "What's happening?", "God!" Almost all Americans were grateful to the brave firemen and policemen who risked their lives to save others. we actually figured out what was really going on. In fact, this was not supposed to be a documentary about 9/11, the cameraman was just taking a normal day at work, and it just happened to be a few blocks away from the World Trade Centers and get it all out and inside the band. "On September 11, I thought to myself," It's okay, the cops and the firefighters will take out the surviving people. "To be honest, I thought it was an accident, I was in junior year high school, and I was switching from a gym and I was getting ready to go to my science class. Someone went into the locker room, shouting, "A building has just been bombed in New York!" We all dressed fast and ran into the classrooms while we saw the first tower burning on television. Not less than 15 seconds later, on TV, the second plane collapses to the other World Trade Center and we know it was not an accident. A few minutes later, I heard about the Pentagon and there was a plane heading to Chicago, but it was shot down. So many thoughts have crossed our heads and continued to think, "What will the firemen and the cops do?" But it is the procedure for them I thought, they will know what to do. The first tower collapsed, we knew, so many lives were gone now, the second tower collapsed, things would never be the same. Firefighters in this documentary showed courage, confusion and strength, the real emotions of man. They did not know what to do, they were as stung as the other people in the towers. They heard the bodies that collapsed on the ground from people jumping from the windows. And here I was in a classroom crying just seeing everything on TV. I was amazed at this film and I just wanted to go to New York and tell him how grateful all the Americans were for their help. I know they feel they do their job, but they did more, they were heroes. Every day after September 11, for three weeks, they continued to dig, knowing that there were no survivors, but they continued to hope and pray. May God bless their courageous and courageous heart. As for my roommate, she complained and admitted it was the first time she complained about these attacks. He came to see the truth about what happened on that tragic day. She asked "Why?" I did not know what to say, my heart broke that people could be so bad. "It sounds a moment, but it was a common day for everyone," one firefighter said in a documentary. No one expected this to happen. Not so, those people in the World Trade Centers or the Pentagon or the hijacked planes were doing their job, they were going to be there or even had to go over there. Not only were they killed, they were killed, and those who killed him did it with a song in their hearts. Then, seeing in the Middle East all people who celebrate, why do people do that? They celebrated the death and loss of: mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, friends, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, etc. Why? <br /> <br /> So thanks to those people for making this documentary. You really think about Iraqi firefighters, policemen, and troops, and you have the hope that there are good people in this world. Thanks to all those people, you are our heroes. 10/10
