Super-slick fun with a star cast, a remarkable script, and a firm adherence to the 1950s. At that time, RKO was transformed into the new classics by dozens. But, regardless of the value of those Westerners, they reflected a state of warfare soon, in order to let go of the sunnier climate of the Eisenhower era. Some movies from the late 1940s are farther from that noir cycle or closer to the next decade of consumption than this little comedy sassy. Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) works as an ad man on Madison Ave. where, in his daughter's words, he sells things to people he does not need, at prices he can not afford. Makes good money, but like thousands of others, he's tired of living in a narrow urban cave. So with my wife Myrnah Loy, they break out after their dream house in the wild of the countryside of Connecticut. Needless to say, in the arms of nature, they get more than negotiated and hilarious. There is no lifeless line throughout the scenario. I do not know if the writers Panama and Frank have received an Oscar, but they should have. Of course, humor revolves around all the problems that arise when city dwellers build a big house on rural land. The inconvenience is growing almost as fast as the mortgage, with all the eccentric types running the construction show, and giving Grant a hard time. Naturally, no one disturbs or frustrates more than Grant, so it's just a good laugh after another, especially when the locker closet seems to have its own infernal mind. However, strangely, the film seems to have no comedy. Instead, laughter is so well spaced that it does not reach a peak. This is a true triumph movie for any age. Coming back 60 years later, we can see how immersed the ideas of the scenario look at rather than behind them. With their live service, Blandings can not be a typical American family, but post-war migration from cities crammed into spacious suburbs was typical. And what a more suggestive job for consumerism that comes apart from Blandings as a "ad-man," in charge of finding stranger ways to sell more "ham". More than anything, however, there is the sound of the movie. Sure, the feeling of bankruptcy from time to time, but the belief that a better future is on the horizon, if Blanding just misses the dream. Indeed, life will improve for a lot of people during the upcoming growth, so I expect the film has resonated deeply with the public of the day. This is the subtly surprising story alongside the value of entertainment that makes this film a key comedy statement of the post-war period. So, if you have not seen it, catch it next time.
