I was one of many who expected to see a glorified portrait, danced in the Yankee-doodle, of a day that, as it is known, should live in infamy rather than in glory. How bad I was. These guys were there, right in the middle of it, and the images they returned were so amazing and heartbreaking. And yet everything happened on an occasional trip to the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001. Two French filmmakers produced a documentary about the life of a NY firefighter, especially from the perspective of a young debutant passing through the rows. At first we see much of this material, just to remind us that there was no thought of producing a movie about terrorism. It was meant to be a film about ordinary people who earn an honest life helping others and the beauty of the film is that it never loses this edge. While investigating a suspect gas line, the memory is a bit cloudy on that), we suddenly hear a plane flying overhead. The camera opens to discover a commercial jet torpedoing in one of the towers. What should the cameraman think about at this moment? Recognizing the importance of recording your camcorder and possibly doing the same thing, FDNY allows the camera to follow them in the building. What follows is a true view of front lines. We will see the FDNY commitment, their reactions (the stunning silence after hearing that the first person fell to death is cool), as well as the collapse of one of the buildings inside, while a second room captures the events from outside. If it had not been for the horrible event they covered, only the film would have become any dream of a young doco-maker. Simply, the movie deserves to be kept forever. But what really distinguishes this movie is the authentic humanity it brings to the spectator. We see that firefighters are loading without hesitation, people of different races, helping each other to escape the misery and even the concern of those who create movies for each other (brothers), because they can not reach each other in confusion. There are stunning insights and stunning human stories in this movie, something Hollywood could never overlap (even if it tries). 9/11 is not a movie about politics. It's not a movie about religion, nationality or even jihad in this regard. 9/11 is a movie about people and a true indication of the best and most serious ones we are capable of. 9/11 is simply one of the most important movies I've ever seen and it would be the only movie that will be born out of this event if it were from me. You can not duplicate this.
