Coinciding with the start of the baby boom, years after World War II saw an unprecedented exodus of Americans moving from their city apartments to the suburbs where they can fulfill their dreams of having their own homes. Directed by H.C. Potter and co-written by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), this comical but surprisingly obsessive comedy captures the sensation of that period very well. Of course, it helps a trio of expert brothers? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy, and a particularly agile Melvin Douglas? drive procedures with their natural character, in contradiction with the escalated frustrations of home ownership. Even if the movie is now sixty years old, the Blandings dream and the barriers it faces in achieving this goal have a timeless quality. Obviously, Hollywood thinks so, since he has been remodeled at least twice - first as a very physical comedy by Tom Hanks, "The Money Pit" in 1986 and last year with Ice Cube, "We're Done? ". A look at HGTV's programming program will show you how the situations explored here still resonate today. The plot begins with Jim Blandings, Muriel's wife and two daughters in a two-bedroom bathroom Manhattan Apartment. Rather than follow Muriel's idea of ​​renovating the 7,000-dollar apartment, Jim sees a photo of a Connecticut home in a magazine, and realizes that here he has to move. With the help of an opportunist real estate agent and against the advice of their lawyer and boyfriend Bill Cole, Blandings decides to buy a bad house that needs repairs. However, the foundation sinks so much that the house has to be destroyed in favor of a new one. This sparks Blandings to push the architect to design a house so overwhelming that the second floor is twice as big as the first. Costs grow with every new complication, tempers and even a romantic triangle between Jim, Muriel and Bill. Priorities are finally resolved, but not before some fun scenes and smart dialogue that helps us ignore our homeowners. With his double processing and deliveries of impeccable lines, Grant is infallible in this type of farce, and Jim Blandings epitomizes his more domesticated characters in the midst of his career. In the original role of Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why she was Hollywood's perfect wife. It does not get many of the funniest lines, but it combines its special blend of kneading and mustache to make Muriel an attractive character on its own. Keep track of how the house painter manages handyly, with the absurdly idiosyncratic palette of colors. As Bill Avuncular, smoking smoking ("Cole Bill"), Melvyn Douglas presents his natural epoch, easy to make as a Grant film. The smaller roles are filled with remarkably memorable experience by Harry Shannon as a laconic dancer, Tesander, Lurene Tuttle as assistant nurse Mary Mary and Louise Beavers, as a beautiful servant of Blandings, Gussie. The 2004 DVD offers a number of exciting vintage material, including two versions of the movie - the first version of 1949 that ended an association between Grant and Dunne, and then a second version of the 1950s that coupled Grant with actress Betsy Drake . The most suitable cartoon of 1949, "Maine House", is also included, giving us a comic tour of a futuristic dream house. The original theatrical trailers for ten of the classic Grant film complete the excerpt.
