Tomo Akiyama's Japanese Keko Mask (1993) is an extremely enjoyable movie and it's so fun to watch! There are also some sequences, but I have not seen them because these movies are hippopotamous. Some kind of re-launches one day would be nice because I think many garbage lovers would like these movies. The language-cheek story is an extremely strict school in which teachers believe it is good to torture students to achieve discipline, which is, according to teachers, the most important thing in education. The school is led by the human wizard / everything that is the main one in the school and that adds to the plain that it never explains why she is wearing such a costume because all other teachers are usually usually dressed. The most important thing about the film is its name, Keko Mask, which is a beautiful and masked fairy tale that always comes to save girls and students who are abused and tortured by teachers! Yes, this super heroine is an effective female as she hits and fights with the bad professors with a completely raw soundtrack playing in the background. The most important thing is, of course, that she only wears a goat and a mask with the rest of her naked body! Her identity is never revealed in these movies, and credits say "Keko Mask: Unknown" while the names of the actors are listed! The most hilarious thing in this movie is how Keko Mask kills her enemies. Has a gorgeous, but deadly vagina! Yes, you read correctly. She kills her victims by flying in front of them, spreading her legs and letting her enemies become enchanted by sight, then she flies closer and fixes her neck to her feet! The most common last line that the characters say in this film are: "I've never seen a beautiful vagina before," and "Now I can die in peace." This movie is absolutely fantastic! There are also some great tales about Japanese society, for example its attitude towards sex in movies (Japanese censor of fog / blur all pubic hair in any movie), and some restrictions among students (such as girls and boys are not allowed to speak in this movie, etc.) There is a wonderful scene where a nerd sees you emptied of the girl for the first time and says, "Hey, there's no fog in it!" I could not laugh at this scene because I thought about what the Japanese think. Also, a character says he will eventually return if Japan Films will allow the sequel. I'm glad he allowed me to hear that the sequelae are just as scandalous. A sequel should include Blues Brothers (yes, those Blues Brothers!) In him, etc. <br /> <br /> This is garbage in the most pleasant, funny and careful form and so it's a little shameful that these movies are so hard to find. This would certainly be an even bigger experience if it moved a bit faster, because it becomes a little dull at some point, but fortunately, these segments are very few. This movie must be seen as fully believed that there are so many garbage items that I do not mention here, and it would not even be necessary to tell everyone here. If you enjoy the cinema and the tongue-tinted movies, I think you'll enjoy this gem as they do, and the director is certainly a genius in this field! 8/10 Perhaps the only film in which a bright vagina is this deadly?
