I borrowed this film despite its extremely low rating because I wanted to see how the crew manages to anime the presence of more worlds. In fact, they did not - at least so it seems. Some aspects of the cameo cut out pretty hard in the movie - that's what most viewers think. However, the surprise comes at the end, and, unfortunately, when most of the audience is likely to have stopped this movie. I was also amazed when I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of this film means "Voyage to Death". This is the spoiler. That this movie is about a young man who goes alone on this boat (for reasons that are completely unclear), you only understand in the last 5 minutes. When you begin the movie "Haunted Boat" in your head, you clearly think that strange camels appear to be "ghosts". But in reality, this film is not like most horror films, said by the remote perspective of the visionary writer, who can almost at any time differentiate between the different levels of reality, it is said from the perspective of the young girl. We do not see her alone, but with her four friends because she sees them. We do not see it alone. So, parallel worlds are not the cameo appearances that flicker in the flow of images, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world where the girl is and the world in which the four are friends. An intrusion of a third world is probably the young man with the medical abilities that comes for a short period of time on the boat. I can not escape the profound conviction that with this film, the filmmakers "misled" an audience of several thousand people, allowing them to believe that what they did was more or less a pseudo- "fast-acting" actors who met just the night before the start of filming after at least twelve beers. How wrong can anyone be! But in addition to this great surprise he learns only in the last few minutes, the following end gives us another surprise. The girl is saved by a crew in a helicopter and another boat. When she recovered from the shock, she again visited the place where the boat went with the four friends. And there I am again! They take her to the boat that has already taken her to the shore. He jumps into the water, gets to the boat - and I'm away. Miraculously beautiful. He remembers a bit until the end of a poem by a writer of Rhetoromance: When I woke up, I saw Death sitting in my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them again - he disappeared.
