What's happening with the rock-n-roll spirits of the late 1990s? They are launching a rebound / reunion tournament. At least, that's what Strange Fruit is doing, a rock group from the (fictional) stadiums. 70. Tony (Stephen Rea) has concession on condoms when he goes to the son of the promoter of a famous music festival. At that festival, in the '70s, Strange Fruit broke away. The '70s are' retro 'and the time is valid for that wave. He starts looking for the other members of the band. Part of what broke the band was the death and replacement of Keith, the lead singer and the brilliant writer. The band was known for their excessive lifestyle and now they all are in the working class they came from. Beano, the drummer, played by Timothy Spall (who was brilliant in Secrets and Lizards) is a layabout, the bassist is a roof, and their main singer is still a rocker. Although he has a huge mansion, he was forced to sell it because his fortune did not last. Brian, the main guitarist, is dead, so a young guitarist is hired to replace him. Somewhat unpleasant, the band accepts to try the reunion. By dropping their daily jobs, they begin to repeat, and their manager approaches the label about re-writing the albums. But she wants them to start the tournaments again. And so they hit the club circuit in Europe. The club's scene is not as good as these old rockers, old-aged, old-fashioned. In the tour, the movie really begins to grow. All the old conflicts are playing, with Keith and Brian's figures floating all the way. They all stay together because they are all looking for a second chance for the greatness that they missed earlier. And they rediscover some of the interpersonal chemistry that made them play together so enjoyable. Still Crazy begins as Spinal Tap II, but gradually becomes a more dramatic focused film following the band's relationships. While it's still a very funny film, evolving characters struggle to deal with Brian and Keith's death and personal demons that make the movie work.
