Britain's British glam rocker Strange Fruit broke down in the late 1970s. The individual members of the band are going in their separate ways and adapting uncomfortably to a middle age, boring and unbearable for 90 years: the mortifying keyboardist Stephen Rea gives birth to suspicions and down to his innocent, vain, pretentious singer Bill Nighy tries (and fails) to follow a horrible solo career, paranoid drummer Timothy Spall lives in obscurity on a remote farm to avoid paying a heavy debt back, and deaf bassist Jimmy Nail installs the roofs to live his life . The former loving group has become patient, understanding, long-lasting manager, Juliet Aubrey, reuniting the group for a nostalgic reunion tour in Europe twenty years later. Our frightening song threw into the head, trying to flourish, but to walk to throw a flame that burned bright enough that day. The scruffy sculptor, Billy Connelly, and the great young guitarist, Hans Matheson, beside him, for a pleasant pleasure, full of problems, but eventually pleasant and enjoyable. Director Brian Gibson shows extremely infectious respect and adoration for both deceiving deceiving and loud, frightening, flirtatious voice in general that surrounds this little affectionate pipe with a charm and a relentlessly lively. The brilliant scenario of Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais is drowned with a dry spirit and wonderful moments of joy on inability to drive, surprising a certain vibration that affects mournfully and frequently disturbingly, which gives the image itself an irremediably luminous glow . Ashley Rowe's most beautiful and stylish cinema assures that the movie always looks quite visible, while the perfect and tasty music makes the trick with flair and aplomb. Kudos also at terrific over-the-board performances that live soul soul burned and crushed, but still the defeat the heart of a past past first was rock outfit ragtag desperate to regain his glory finally evanescence in a single final test for great success of time. Generally, this radiant and touching jewel is very good as one of the serious seriocomic sleeping treatments of the 1990s.
