This series could well be the best Britcom ever, which says a lot, given the competitors (Fawlty Towers, Good Neighbors, to name just two). What made Butterflies so great, even the best of the best, is that it not only exemplifies an extraordinary, classical, classical and intelligent comedy, but has expanded its horizons, reflecting - without blemish, with gentleness, and every detail - the great social change that took place in the UK time I remember watching this show as a teenager and looking at everything. The life style described was remarkable in itself. This was the first time I saw real people using wireless phones. And the closet of all the characters was far from Gothic clothes of the seventies, still seen in North America. Then there were the decorations, the store fronts, the cars. These people - even the sons from the beginning, with the philosophical approach of life and epigrammatic humor - were sophisticated. These were examples of "new Europeans" that will have an impact on life and style all over the world in the next decade (1980). Of course, the premise was strange and fantastic. The idea that someone living in the suburban dream might be so dissatisfied and anxious was revolutionary, especially for North Americans for whom happiness has always been defined as money and things (surely the situation has been described in American films and televisions, but not with the intensity of Butterflies or the Montenegrin film). And if the premise was not surprising enough, the means by which it was expressed led to the extreme. A potential business that was not about sex or even romanticism? The flyers have amazed many, but they must have let people pull their foreheads in unbelief ... at that hour. <br /> <br /> The butterfly proved to be - in many ways - prophetic. She has documented before her time a post-modern ennuiment, the all-encompassing lifestyle, the notion of emotional infidelity, the disconnection of generations and the male dissatisfaction (perfectly portrayed by tense-son ties). It is very unfortunate that this series has not been rediscovered in a great way, and everyone involved has given credit to create a significant snapshot of a certain time and place and to anticipate all the gentleness and fury to come.
