It might be a bit erroneous to open a review describing a movie about other movies, but I think it's the best way to give an approximation of the place that the electorate occupies in the arena. He works somewhere between Yakuza opposed to Godfather and Kinji Fukasaku, Yakuza (AKA Battles Without Honor and Humanity), by being both romantic and realistic, dark and stony. But it's also a Johnnie To movie and as such carries the distinguished picture of the author in Hong Kong. Every two years, HK Triad chooses a new boss. Only this time one of the candidates is not too satisfied with the outcome, so he decides to take things in his own hands much to the desperation of the other triads and the police. This is the short story, but be sure she has much more for her than that. As in the Yakuza newspapers, there are a lot of arrangements, frightening, the formation and the switching of connections (sometimes everything is needed is a phone call - in one of the most memorable scenes I have seen lately) in a way necessary for profound drama, but it does for an interesting plot and a good character conflict. Gangster fans may appreciate this. The choice is not action-oriented, as one can expect; although it is violent. And I'm not talking about the glossy, glamorous version of Hollywood violence. This is dark and bleak. Cam's camera is in scenes of brutalized people in ways that reveal both humanity and the inhumanity of perpetrators and victims; after all the violence is an integral part of us, whether we like it or not. If you are familiar with the style of To, then you should know what to expect. Pacing is relatively slow and deliberate. Cinematography is great, thin and dark in equal measurements, using dark shades (brown, dark green and orange), while smooth tracking images add vibrant quality. Finally, elections take a special place. It's not even a character study, and it's not a action-oriented gangster. She explores a situation (its choices and consequences), but it does so in style and is both realistic and romantic (the triad's ceremonies, in particular the echo of an oriental goddess).
