First of all, I have to say that I made the mistake of watching the election movies in order. I say, unfortunately, that after seeing elections 2 first, the elections seemed a little disappointing. Both films are gangster episodes that are similar in shape. And while the election is a pleasant piece of cinema ... it's not as good as the sequel. In the first installment of elections, we are shown our two competitors for the President; Big D and Lok. After some discussion of "uncle" about who should have the title of president, they (almost unanimously) decide that Lok (Simon Yam) will lead the Triads. Suffice it to say that this does not work well with Big D competitor (Tony Leung Ka Fai) and, in an attempt to influence the takeover, Big D kidnaps two uncles to influence the electoral painting with him. This has disastrous results and leads the triads in a total war. Lok is determined to become president, but will not become official unless he recovers the "Dragon Head Baton", a material representation of the president's power. The current president, Whistle (Chung Wang) has hidden the baton somewhere in mainland China and the race is about to see who can recover it first. Much of the film is dedicated to recovering the Baton. While both leaders aspire to look for it, they have to escape the cops and the opposite sides, which leads to one of the election scenes, involving a subordinate named Jet (Nick Cheung), a machete and a lot of bad guys . Nick Cheung's presence is the least attention ... I wonder if this director influenced by Johhnie Too in some way during the second election because he offers more of Jet's character still. While Nick Cheung offers a performance storm scene, I must not give up on it because of the rest of the film's actors. The choice has a large set of well-thought-out performances that are both subtle and impactful. Simon Yam is his usually glorious self, and the film also benefits from top HK actors such as Louis Koo, Tony Leung Ka Fai and Suet Lam under-appreciated. There is really little tangle in acting, and one can easily believe they are pursuing true gangsters. Although the shows are great, one of the most impressive things about the election is Johnnie To's eye for the camera. There are some really striking photos in the movie and it goes without saying that He certainly knows how to frame his photos, while the spectator is treated to a series of innovations and pretty bright room and room angles. All this makes the election to be, above all, a wonderful film. My problems with the movie come mostly from the sheer amount of characters involved in the election. It's hard to watch because the movie is full of characters that are not an integral part of the plot. While the continuation focuses more on the two candidates, the first election offers the entire electoral process with tons of uncles, subordinates and police officers who crowd the story. Perhaps the film would have worked better if it had been a bit longer, with more time devoted to the inner workings of the Triad, or if director Johnnie To would have mistaken the necessary elements and exposed them more. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line - In total, this is a great brutal movie with excellent distribution, excellent direction and a rest break that packs a punch. It's just a little more complicated than it should have been.
