It can not be denied that Hak Se Wui is a well-designed and well-thought-out film. Does the film use numerous identification fragments, always playing with modernity, while remaining a tradition? a theme played throughout the movie where John Woo's films in Hong Kong are packed in action and above in their explosive content, as seen in Hard Boiled (1992), and when Hong Kong movies sit in rhythms to say the story from the point of view, sometimes stutters and becomes simply immoral, a good example being City on Fire (1987). The choice is a movie that is memorable for the mere fact of its unpredictable scenes, the spontaneous action and the violence that are made in a realistic and tasty manner (if it is the right word), as well as the least intelligent "in pieces" of film . It's hard to see during the watch, but the electorate is really built in a sort of three-act structure: is there a first worry that involves real elections and who is voted voted in? not everyone likes the decision, but what the uncles say goes. The second act is the recovery of the old Chinese baton, which demands of tradition must be present during the inauguration, with the last third after inauguration, and some characters come up with their own ideas about how the triads were and could be conducted. Needless to say; certain events and reversals occur during each of the three-thirds, some are small and immaterial, while some are much larger and more spectacular. Elections have some defects with most coming in the third opening. The attempt to destroy the time spent around elections that only takes a few minutes to complete was clearly a difficult task for writers and directors, and this shows in many points. I have the feeling that a certain scene just started to go somewhere before she was interrupted by the police and then everyone was arrested. This happens several times: a fight is triggered in a restaurant, but the police are there and everyone is arrested; there is a secret meeting about the cane between the triad, but the police appear and all are arrested; three other triads have a pre-election talk, but police show and guess what? Know. Once the movie came out of that routine I thought, it uses a sacred baton as a plotting device to make everyone move. Does the baton produce some good fight scenes, such as following a truck after being accompanied by a war, another pursuit involving a motorcycle and a kung fu fight with a body gun in a street? scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent, but, as I said, they are in a "tasty" manner. If the election really rises, attention is paid to this wonderful detail. When the triads are in prison, the bars are covered with wire, suggesting that all animals are in the cages, as they behave outside when they are in conflict. Another special attention is how toast uncles use tea and not alcohol, rising above other gangsters that use champagne and taking into account the Chinese tradition of drinking tea to celebrate or commemorate. </ p> <p> Choosing is a good film that is structured well enough to enjoy a movie that has fantastic mise-en-scenes as you look at what's going on. Some of the interior and clothing settings, as well as style buckets that are cast as search and tracking for the cane, intensify. Inauguration is like another short full film and very well integrated into the film; suggesting Chinese tradition in this process. I feel that the best scene is the final scene, as it compares it perfectly: two fluctuating characters who fish and debate the governing of the triads remain at the same time realistic, unpredictable and violent: in a tasteful way, of course.
