Twelve years ago, production stopped on the movie "Bloody Blood," because almost everyone on the set began to die. Now, some students have decided to complete the movie, despite the fact that there are rumors that the movie is cursed. Well, they are about to find out that some curses are real. When Scream was released, every country seemed to want to use its success, even in Australia. The concept, which was done today to death (a slasher movie in a slasher film) was at that relatively cold and original. This film was released just before Urban Legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (not in the US, but in Australia), so it was the first movie with this concept. When Urban Legends 2 was released, most of us were ready to get sick of this concept and since the movie was not even good, the movie flopped disastrously. Now Cut is not the best shot ever, nor does it try to be. She knows it's a shot and even threw a girl who looks like a blonde version of Neve Campbell in the lead role. But instead of trying to add new and original stories, they have decided to rip out of time, such as "Nightmare on Elm Street," and surprisingly, this works. The killer is very creepy and this mask is just a killer! And instead of trying to frighten the audience to death, they created a very good and horrifying atmosphere that keeps us in suspense for most of the movie. There are some plotting holes in the movie, although I have not managed to completely ignore it, the end being the biggest movie hole in the movie. Spoiler forward; I mean, they burned the only copy of the movie, so where the hell they found the footprint they got on the stage? It does not make sense to tell you. The end of the spoilers. In general, Cut is a pretty horrible story with a silly story, but I think this is one of the best rip-offs of Scream that have never made it big. I am surprised that this has never been a follow-up, but I think it's too late. <br /> <br /> Australian slasher strike shot with very little scare. Cut is still a pretty clean film and I will have to recommend it even if I think the story is pretty stupid because it's totally absurd.
