When I think of the foolish films of guilt, the first thing I'm thinking about are the nineteenth-century films. Very bad slasher blows. The typical type of movie, where a scenario was needed, was two parts of blood and several nudity parts to be made. Flash before until the late '90s / early '00s. The film was revived with the success of "Scream" in 1996. As in the '80s, these films were formal, hiding a lack of inspiration by being labeled as "hip, hip-hop parody" of original slasher filming. From this recent mix of neo-slasher films "hip parody", the only thing worth seeing is "Cut", small-sized, direct-to-video. Like most other "new" cuts, "Cut" is based on making a short film, in this case a fictional 1985 film "Hot Blooded", to make comments about gender. "Hot Blooded" has never finished production because of the killings by someone who carries the mask of the film's killer, Scarman, a cheerful figure with his almost seamless, dark mouth, less eyeless. Now, twelve years later, a group of filmmakers, whose professor was involved in production, decided to enter safes, reach the original surviving actress and finish the film. But, every time the movie is shot or a scene is shot, "Scarman" returns and somebody dies. To quote the slogan, will they end the movie before they finish them? <br /> <br /> All this sounds very bad, and to a certain extent is (indeed, there is such a thing as a good slasher blow?). There is no character development (the "new" director is found to be the daughter of the original director "Hot Blood," whose life was obviously ruined after the production was canceled, this would have been a perfect detail to be worked in the plot, but never mentioned) and, like in all Slasher's other movements, there are too many bodies of care. The actors are not great, even through the direct-to-video standards, but most have fun with their characters (and for those who are not, it is an inadvertently acting character because none of their characters in the movie wanted to work "Hot Blooded"), especially those who were lucky enough to play Scarman. The "Cut" earthquake has no big "dunning" outburst of the killer as in "Scream" movies. He does not have the gimmick murder of "Urban Legend". What it has is an original and exciting concept that is diluted by a "way to write a sequel if it sells well" that ends. But this is par for the course. By any sensible viewing standard, this is a horrible movie that should be avoided, but this "quality" is what makes it true for its roots in the genre of slasher, and that is what makes it more enjoyable than any of other neo-slasher movies.
