As in all Angelopoulos films, the "Suspended Bermuda Step" implicitly requires a close and intimate presence on the part of the viewer, a fact that has certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work. Dialogues are expensive, without monologues or exchanges that outline the inner conflicts of characters, doubts or feelings. The director prefers to keep viewers away from their own emotional responses and, in turn, forces them to explore and study character identities for themselves. As a result, acting is underestimated and implicit, unlike from open and explicit. <br /> <br /> Action scenarios are set between long contemplative intervals, if the viewer is asked to become a participant, to participate as an actor through his own psychic research. As in a novel in which the drama is based entirely on the author's writing, to provide a template in which the reader's imagination and / or past experience flourishes, Angelopoulos's drama relies on its images: its use of long, pacing, the stringent dialogues that have become his mark, inviting the spectator to experience the film from his personal perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture moments of high intensity, returning to the non-verbal language of gestures, observations, sounds and music, when he thinks that words can only go away until now. Music, by Angelopoulos' long-time collaborator, Eleni Karaindrou, offers more than a discreet backdrop, but becomes a dramatic element of the story itself. Much of the film consists of subtle, subtle, exterior photographs in a winter light. Angelopoulos presents us with another "Greece," one much different from Greece, the tourist brochures, the ethereal blue sky and the emerald, drowned in an eternal sun. Here the sky is covered and gray, the air is cold and misty, and the sandy beaches have been replaced with snowy, dirty snow from the streets of the village. Angelopoulos 'genius through Arvanitis' room is displayed throughout the movie. The "Suspended Step of the Stork" is above all a political statement about the social-political situation in the Balkans at the end of the twentieth century. It is deeply concerned about the meaning of "borders" and those who are victims of confusion among nations. In the "waiting room" faced by the Albanian border, refugees, politicians or others are losing to the rest of humanity. These can be blocked against a political border, but unfortunately they still carry with them, and hang on deeper frontier frontiers: those of languages, habits, and races. Although Angelopoulos 'political views are well known, the film moves away from any political discourse on the causes of refugees' hardships. In this process, Angelopoulos forces us to meditate on the concepts of "geographical, cultural, political and personal boundaries". <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos considers Greece's 20th century historical historian and likes to bring lessons in Hellenic myths in his discussions. In this film, he makes a crossing of the border between the Greek and Italian cultures, coming from a homeric and dictatorial tradition of Odysseus' journey. Alexander is Telemachus, looking for a story about an aged Greek / Odysseus politician who has disappeared and never heard before. This politician, a brilliant orator, left unexpectedly and inexplicably the comfort of his bourgeois existence, his wife and his brilliant career, living anonymously in a refugee camp with the lowest inferior level. He became a poet in exile, wondering how to change the world. Of course, the "politician" is not Alexander's father, but the "politician" stands before Alexander as a father / Odyssey figure. As with Homer's Telemah, Alexander grows up as a person during his odyssey. <br /> <br /> Of course, it would be wrong to try to see in the film a replication of Homer's Odyssey in a contemporary context. Angelopoulos relies on Odysseus' travels only as structural and thematic elements for his film. In the end of Angelopoulos, "Odysseus" is more like Dante's Odysseus: he does not go to Ithaca but continues "wearing a suitcase." And Alexandru / Telemachus is "suspended" between returning to his home and his career, or going on a voyage "elsewhere." He says, in a voice at the beginning of the film, paraphrasing a few lines in Dante's "Inferno": "And remember that the time for a trip has come again." The wind blows his eyes away. Lastly, although Angelopoulos is not a religious person, there is a Greek Orthodox religious theme introduced during the film, in the form of soothing reeds that match the yellow, moving by improving things for their fellow humans, reconnecting communications and also the figure of Christ of the "politician." In the final stage, these men in yellow demonstrate once again the influence of Byzantine iconography in Angelopoulos' work. They seem to be "stylists", religious figures found in the Orthodox tradition, solitary and fervent who have placed their place on the top of the pillars in a form of asceticism. The film ends without a resolution as to the true identity of the character played by Mastroianni. Angelopoulos gives us no clue, and the wife's statement, "It's not him", is far from convincing and left quite ambiguous. The important question of the film is not whether he or she is the politician disappeared, but that he may be the politician. But the film ends on an optimistic note. While the poles gathered from pole to pole are running only along the river, and so cross-border communications are not yet possible and remain impenetrable, we notice that this final scene is taken from a point of view over the river: the room has a crossed the border, and the reverse shot invites Alexander and the spectator to follow across the border. In this sense, Angelopoulos gives us hope that in some ways some borders will eventually break.
