One of the more appealing aspects of Asian cinema (or, indeed, most of the things made outside these worlds more brilliant than the United States) are the permutations that appear. In the Japanese post-World War II manga (comics), for example, there is a variety of unlimited subjects, many of which are handled in a unique imaginative manner. The same thing happens in genre films; although, again, I refer to films made outside U. $. (where we are too "sophisticated" in our minds to appreciate anything that is not or by the US). Would it be an American company, for example, back not one, but a series of films featuring a professional masked fighter (El Santo) or a werewolf (Paul Naschy) or a real-life martial artist (Bruce Lee) ...? As for the television: forget it. While I still love the KUNG FU series that played the role of David Carradine, I have always felt that the Americanized version of the Asian martial arts was - how to say it kindly - a little lacking. So far, there has not been a pay-per-view channel that includes Asian martial artists playing Asian Asian artists in Asia. (There is a lot of soft-core porn masquerading as entertainment shows, but the so-called Action Channel, for example, has to import or produce a True Arts Arts Teardown.) Before Cadfile brother investigated crimes on the BBC, was at least a Kung Fu film that contained a group of martial artists involved more or less in a murder mystery: The 5 VENOMES BY WHO. As fascinating as any other type of musical genre (western, police show, etc.), this masterpiece of martial arts is remarkable as a truly superior piece. Now it's available from Dynasty Dragon and the prince is beautiful, and Bey Logan's DVD commentary is exactly the kind of intelligent and brilliant analysis these stones really deserve. If you are a martial arts fan, enjoy: one of the greatest cinematic genres of all time (especially the martial arts films from the 1970s and early 1980s) get a second long and late life (and appreciated for the second time ) on DVD.
