By the end of the forties, the era of screw comedy was over, the films moving in a different direction, comic and otherwise. While the television appears on the horizon, Hollywood would soon be for a very tough time. If, she wonders, would the movies have gone if the television had not come, or would her arrival on stage be delayed for five or ten years? Mr. Blandings is building his dream home, offering a special way of comedy that could have grown. Jim Blandings, along with his wife and two daughters, live in a beautiful, but too crooked apartment in New York, as one day he becomes the enlightened idea that it might be fun to realize his dream of build a house in the suburbs. So he buys some properties in Connecticut and has one built to his exact specifications. Well close. If he knew the trouble he was in, because he could have changed his mind. Then, again, he could not. You decide. This fragile premise results in a wonderful film full of conflicts between the middle class dream of having a home and the often unpleasant reality of acquiring them. Nothing comes easy in this life, as Mr. Blandings teaches; but you do not have to be miserable just because things do not always go in the way. There is, after all, in the long run. But, Blandings wonders every few minutes, how long is it? This movie is a delight. It's probably not a masterpiece in the Capra-McCarey tradition, but it's a worthy successor to the thirty-thirty pictures, and maybe it would have been a preacher of the things to come if the arrival of the television did not change the cultural landscape so radical. There is a real heat in the picture, and much of the (W.C.) Fieldsian hard reality obtruding periodically, but not so much as to leave a bad taste. People in the movie are all very intelligent and rich, but they are certainly not in the upper professional class, but in the high class. Cari Grant and Myrna Loy play the role of Mr. and Mrs. Blandings to perfection; while Melvyn Douglas is good as their pragmatic lawyer friend, who often has to bring unpleasant subjects such as how the real world works. There is also a wonderful sense of the fact that, for lack of a better term, it might be called romance of the suburbs, which was in its infancy in the years immediately following the war, as we see forests and courses that have attracted people country first place. These people are certainly the waterfish in Connecticut, still largely rural. In a few years, things would change, while madness toward the suburbs would be in full swing, destroying forever the pastoral innocence that so many wanted in small towns that would soon have been connected by highways , littered with bottles and cans, their rivalry rivaling anything they would meet in town.
