"In the world of old-time kung fu movies, when the revenge images came a dozen, it took a lot for a movie to stand out - and even more to become the favorite of fans after these years. Cheh's film continues to influence Hong Kong's cinema industry, based on the themes of loyalty, brotherhood and revenge explored by John Woo (who began in the HK cinema industry for Chang) in the late 1980s, such as the "Man called the Hero," which has a character in a costume inspired by this film. Influence has also been in other fields, from music like the Wu-Tang Clan, Sprite and video games, such as "Mortal Kombat." So, what makes this film so special, and the plot - on the surface - is quite simple and it deals with members of a rogue group known as the "Poison Clan" for a hidden treasure by and All members of the lan have extraordinary kung fu abilities, denoted by their animal styles or "venom" (the lizard can climb the walls, the scorpion has a deadly strike, etc.). The twist is that since the clan always wears masks, not everyone knows who the others are. Thus, a simple plot becomes almost a thriller of suspense. We're not talking about the Usual Suspects here, but it's much more than many other kung-fu movies of the time. It seems Golden Harvest was not too happy with Chang's script - most of his movies felt it was too dark and violent - and in fact, they wanted to bring him a comic relief. Fortunately, Chang stayed with his weapons and remained with his original script, which has since become venerated as one of the best for his time films, if not always, finishing a nearly perfect bow and providing the perfect backbone for the extraordinary sequence of action. But what really strengthens the film is the very venom. Chang Cheh hit a magical formula with cast - not only has he won talented martial artists (whose movements, concurrent without the help of threads or other special effects, have put the shame of the most modern martial artists), but also big actors. The formula proved so popular that Chang usually had one or more of the venom in his later films. Returning to things at hand, in most old movies, actors seem to play cardboard cutouts, but here actors create characters. It seems like everybody has a favorite venom (mine is Philip Kwok - best known as Hard Mad Boot from Hard-Boiled - like Lizard) and it is this personal connection with the characters that Five Deadly Venoms Generate What makes true the classic of the genre. Even if you are not a fan of old movies, you have to check out the Five Deadly Venoms if you do not see anything from where modern movies have been inspired. "
