Of all kung-fu films made in the 1970s and 1980s, it is one that developed a true cult following. Except for all the movies Bruce Lee has featured in this film is a film that has resisted the test of time and the unique story. An aging kung-fu master tells his last student, Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about five students he trained in the past. All five wore masks and no one saw the other's face and they were all trained differently. Their specialty in kung-fu is the name they adopted as Lizard, Snake, Centipede, Toad, and Scorpio. The master called them the Poison Clan and does not know what happened to them, so he wants Tieh to find them and help those who do good to stop the wicked. An old man who once was a member of the Poison Clan has a map hiding a lot of money and seems to be a target. Tieh does not know how he looks, so he has to get involved in society and try to figure out who I am. Tieh discovered that the snake is Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) and together with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu), who is the Centipede, kills a family to find the map. A map is found by a mysterious man who turns out to be Scorpio, but knows who knows who he is. A local police officer named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) is investigating murders with his partner Ma Chow (Chien Sun). Sin has a friend named Li Ho (Meng Lo) who is the Root and they know the identity of others. The snake bribes local officials to cover the assassinations of Li Ho, and while in prison, he is tortured and murdered. When Sin finds himself, he joins Tieh and together they go to fight against Tung and Kue. <br /> <br /> This movie was directed by Cheh Chang and was a very special director when he came to these films. Chang was not your kung-fu director, and his films always had a special quality for them. While most martial arts films deal with revenge, Chang did not use it as a central theme. Even if there is a revenge that happens later in this story, this movie is more complex than that. Five people trained by the same master in different ways and wearing masks. Then they all are in the same area and do not know who else is. The very unique story makes this movie different from all the other, and most of the stories in Changs were in a class by itself. I would not have put it exactly in the same league as "Enter The Dragon" because Bruce Lee was a world icon, and the martial arts he exhibited were more authentic. This film has a few more impossible things like sticking to the side walls of the walls and everything that looks through the air, but this film is not necessarily about fighting scenes. More about story intrigue and characters involved. That's just different from all other kung-fu movies. Very well done with a unique story.
