This is definitely one of the best kung-fu movies ever and can be one of the best movies in history ... It has a wonderful plot that works like a puzzle with lots of intrigue and suspense. This movie is full of games and cats and mice with people hiding their identity and nature. The characters in this movie live and breathe much more than your average kung fu characters. They are all interesting and compelling, and the movie does a good job of giving them scenes to show their personality and their wishes. Battle scenes are played as small stories and many of them are very original and interesting. It has wonderful training sessions and martial arts skills that are so great that they come into the field of fantasy. There are 5 members of the poisonous clan, each with its own style that mimics the special ability of a venomous animal. The styles of each of these characters are fun to watch and you can see the techniques they use in the training you apply during the movie ... When this happens, the director uses the quick cut to the training scene to draw a parallel. These reductions are accompanied by musical changes and sound effects and everything works really nice. One thing about this film that is very original is how it treats death. Director Chang Cheh was obviously very concerned that the film does not trivialize death. This makes some of the scenes in the movie more effective. We actually care about when people are killed in this movie. This is because the camera remains in the horror of death, even when the wicked are killed. Some of the sequences in this movie are really frightening. When the characters go looking for vengeance, you really feel anger and pain. At the same time, it is also a fun movie. It has all the typical things you expect from a traditional kung fu movie. There is a bad double, the characters are willing to fight at the feet of a hat. Some of the sound effects are hilarious and sometimes character behavior is incredibly unrealistic ... all of this just adds to the greatness of the movie. And do not forget that this director was a stylist visualer much more endowed than most of his contemporaries. If you watch this movie closely, you will notice that the technical performance on the screen is virtuous. Everything goes so fast (because of the fast cutting style and camera shake) that it's easy to overlook how beautiful the movie really is. Lighting and composition are spectacular at times. Camera work and movement are extremely sophisticated, along with a very interesting, fast-paced editing ... In scenes that show suspense and intrigue, for example, imagine that Hitchcock moves about twice the speed. Chang Cheh was really a craftsman and artist who knew his genre and managed to produce important materials while working within his limits. He does not miss the kung fu genre, but in a subtle way, his skills penetrate every scene and every shot and adds a lot to the quality of the work. He is an important director who continues to influence many people. This is the real kung fu package that offers on every level. It's art, it's garbage, it moves emotionally and it's fun, it has a true sense of morality, but it does not allow that morality to hinder good action. I recommend it to all, whether you are a fan of this kind or not.
