When it first came out, this work of the Meysels brothers was much criticized and even judged to be exploitation. Fortunately, it is now hailed as a masterpiece of documentary cinematography, especially now that society has been exposed to real exploitation in what is real television and the bad progression of the most direct cinema. Indeed, at first, we have to say that it is not a cinema directly, it is more cinematic. The difference between the two is very easy, but the main thing is that in this documentary we are made to feel the presence of the Meysels brothers and interact with the filmed characters. This clarifies that it is not exploitation. Meysels were allowed in the house, and these are included in what is a very eccentric situation of a very eccentric household. And Edith and Edie just love the idea of ​​being filmed. It would have been very disappointing if only a voice of God's narrative and superficial interviews were shown. Here we are given a complete portrait of the house madness, a madness that seems to go down well with both Edie and her mother Edith. Their house is a mess, garbage and animals everywhere, faded colors and furniture everywhere in the house, and constant struggles that are constant interactions of reality. These two people lived with each other with their whole life and did not fight in front of the room because they wanted the attention, but rather because they can not help to talk to each other in this way. They know each other too well to hide their inner feelings, it is not necessary. In the end, however, even if they blame for their lives, they really love deeply. Edie says she does not want her mother to die, because she loves her very much, and Edith says she does not want Edie to leave her because she does not want to be alone. But the most interesting aspect of the film is that, regardless of their advanced age, the two women can not help being girls. They can not help to be alone and the other dancer. Expose all their artistic abilities in front of their room. When Edie asks David Meysels rhetorically: "Where have you been my whole life?" she is really very happy that she finally gets to show her to the whole world and her wonderful showgirls skills. A beautiful portrait of stylistic importance and a charm that is unlikely to be seen again, as only Meysels and a few others could do.
