We have discovered that Gray Garden is an amazingly intimate, exciting movie. Look at too eccentric who basically have the right idea: look at society and live in a disgusted home without heating and a huge cat of cats and raccoons who persuade their own interests rather as they talk to the room . <br /> <br /> Big Edie and Little Edie are the two crazies that Mazbers Bros. they chose to document them. They seem like the characters in a Fellini movie, just a stranger, if that makes sense. The Old Edie is almost completely seated on the back, a bunch of papers, clothes and dirty dishes that grow around it. Little Edie is even more interesting. She frees around the house, always wearing a dress like a baboushka around her head, completely covering her hair. We never see her hair throughout the movie, nor do we ever have a clue that she still has a lot. At age fifty-eight, she is still beautiful and full of life. In Gray Gardens, we get the feeling that both women, lives have become much less than what they once were. Little Edie is probably the saddest of the two. While her mother, in recent years, married, made a family, lived luxuriously and even made some recordings (the scene in which, at 77, she sings together with a recording of "Tea for Two" she's done for decades now is one of the best movie scenes), Edie and her to take care of her sick mother. At the age of 58, she still wanted to find her charming prince. If something Little Edie is still a little girl full of dreams of brilliance and fame and of domestic and romantic happiness that have not yet been fulfilled. The most important moments of the film include moments of opening, where Little explains her room, "tea for two", <br /> <br /> birthday, climactic argument, scene with grooming and scene in the attic. The whole thing is incredibly sincere and unhappy. And it's made more and more remarkable, because everything is real. I suggest you see Gray Gardens back and forth with Kenneth Wrath shortly Puce moment. The Criterion DVD is $ 35.00, but it's worth every penny.
