A question that needs to be addressed right away is: Would this film have been made if the women in her were not aunt and cousin of Jacqueline Lee Bouvier Kennedy Onassis? The answer is: Probably not. But, fortunately, they are (or were) Jackie's aunt and aunt. This Maysles brotherly documentary about life (Edith B. Beale, Jr.) and her daughter, Edith Bouvier Beale (Edie), has the same appeal to a train wreck - you do not want to look , but you have to do it. Big Edith and Little Edie live in a magnificent mansion in East Hampton, New York, which slowly slows down around them. The once beautiful garden is now a jungle. The huge oil painting rests on the wall (with cat feces on the floor behind them) and beautiful portraits of them as young people struggle for space on the walls next to old magazine covers. <br /> <br /> Living alone together for many years has broken many barriers between the two women, but has raised others. Apparel seems to be optional. Edie's favorite costume is a pair of shorts with a hose pant, pulled over them, and pieces of cloth wrapped around the throne and head. As Edith says, "Edie is still beautiful at age 56". And indeed it is. There are times when she is almost luminescent and both women show the beauty that once existed. <br /> <br /> There is a steady underground voltage of sexual tension. be polite) strange. Ice cream spread on biscuits. An Edith's birthday party for Wonder bread sandwiches served on fine china with plastic utensils. Time is irrelevant in their world; that Edie says "I do not have watches." Their relationships with men are oh-so-strange. Edie feels Edith has denied any attempt at happiness. She says, "If you can not get a man to suggest you, he might also be dead." Which Edith responds to "I'll take a dog every day." It is obvious that Edith does not see his role in the absence of Edie's company. At the beginning of the film, she says that "France has fallen, but Edie has not done it." Sometimes it is difficult to hear exactly what is said, both women speak at the same time and constantly contradict each other. There is a strange relationship with the animals throughout the movie: Edie nourishes rackets in the attic with bread and cat food Wonder and cats (and many are) are everywhere. /> At one time Edie declares that "the distinctive sign of aristocracy is the responsibility." But they seem to be incapable of taking responsibility for themselves, which is a difficult film to watch, but it is worth the effort.
