"Cypher" is a smart story about industrial espionage set in America in the not too distant future. While the themes are not complex, this film offers many different perspectives on personal loyalty, ruthlessness and corporate conspiracy. To some extent, this film also tries to represent modern groups and companies as indifferent to the risks their contract employees take on their behalf. The film starts with a mediocre salary, Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), who asks the Digicorp group to work undercover. After an initial briefing with Digicorp's security chief, Sullivan is given the new identity (Jack Thursby) and sent to a business conference with the task of recording the speeches of various spokespersons about the marketing strategies of each of the companies concerned. Upon successful completion of his first mission, Sullivan / Thursby is sent in additional missions to obtain the same information previously collected. However, in one of his "business trips," he accidentally enters a woman named Rita Foster, (Liu), whom she met in her previous assignment, and from there things are going extremely hard. The implications of a diabolical conspiracy involving Digicorp's espionage program are beginning to emerge, and Sullivan is forced to cover up deeply with one of Digicorp's main competitors, becoming a double agent involved in intense rivalry between the two companies. > ((SPOILERS END HERE)) What I liked most about this movie was the efficient use of illumination and shadows in a lot of scenes. Strong lighting was mainly used in dwellings / households, while lots of shadows and dark colors were used for settings involving deception and concealment. I was also very impressed by Jeremy Northam. Not too often I saw him as the main character, and the fact that he plays a married man who was disappointed directly from Wisconsin was brilliant. Personally, I think it is one of many industry actors who have not gotten more difficult roles. Lucy Liu was also incredible in her role and gave the film his real tone of cloak and dagger. In addition, the rest of the supporting pieces have done a great job, however, my only complaint was that some characters could have been more explored to make the plot and closing a little more complicated. For example, I'd like to see what would have happened if Jack Thursby had developed a more intimate relationship with his second wife. On the whole, this is a smart cloak and dagger story that keeps you up to date on personal and professional loyalty and if you can trust anyone in the whole movie. With an intelligent and stylish soundtrack and extraordinary camera work, this film provides a frightening look at how corporations can work in the near future. I am surprised that I have never seen this "hidden jewel". This is a brilliant spy thriller, not too complicated, and that's why I give it 9 out of 10.
