It's a good thing that Sean Connery has retired as James Bond because I'm sure he will not be able to keep up with the current espionage, where fast machines have been replaced by high tech brainwashing techniques and are considered to be gorgeous women to be more less sexy than computerized equipment. "Cypher" is a quite inventive Sci-Fi thriller that often evokes feelings of fear and claustrophobia, despite being completely implausible. You know the trend in these types of movies: nothing is what it looks like and only when you think you realized the complicated plot, the writers make sure to introduce a new twist that confuses everyone again. The events in "Cypher" are supposed to take place in the most prominent regions of the world of computers, where large companies are not very much concerned about trying to steal the other thunder. Digisoft literally spends millions of people brainwashing and giving them a new identity just to allow them to infiltrate as spies in their biggest competitor, Sunways Corporation. Sunways, on the other hand, is constantly trying to expose Digisoft rats and recruit them again as double spies. Between this unprofitable business is Morgan Sullivan; an apparently colorless employee in his thirties, who was selected by Sebastian Rooks ("spy-spy") to resolve the secret policies of the two companies. Believe me, it's actually less complicated than it seems, and director Vincenzo Natali (Tube guy) takes his time carefully to present all the important and less important characters. The first half of the film is rather reminiscent of John Secondary Frankenheimer's "second" jewelery? with Rock Hudson? as it also deals with the deletion of identity and the drastic change of your previous lifestyle. Even the pieces seem to come directly from the 1960s, with lots of empty white rooms and brilliant corridors that seem to be endless. There is also a lot of action and suspense, especially when Morgan is gradually experiencing the way Digisoft crews inspect the results of brainwashing techniques during boring conventions. The middle section of the film draws a little bit, especially because you already realize that everything is reinforced by several mistakes over the wrong plot, and we hoped to spend a little less on the future so far. Jeremy Northam is perfectly cast, and the adorable Lucy Liu is convincingly mysterious as the fox lady who seems to be next to him. The choice of director David Hewlett has the most memorable role to support as the eccentric eccentric engineer at Suways, Virgil C. Dunn. "Cypher" is well done and the hurried adventure of Sci-Fi entertainment, highly recommended to people who want to use their brain capacity from time to time.
