Although recognized as the best film to deal with the difficulty of having a house in a country built (or bought) according to your specifications, it is neither the first nor the last one. In 1940, Jack Benny and Ann Sheridan led the cinematic version of GEORGE WASHINGTON SLEPT AICI by George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart. And about fifteen years ago Shelly Long and Tom Hanks took the lead in PIT BANI. The first was to move to an 18th century country house that ... is wrong, needs work. The latter was about building the dream house - in the late 1980s. Although the two films have their moments, both are not as good as BLANDINGS, which is based on an autobiographical novel of the same name. Jim Blandings and Muriel's wife (Cary Grant and Myrna Loy) are watching the close corners of their apartment, which they share with their two daughters, Joan and Betsy (Sharyn Moffett and Connie Marshall). Although Blandings has a good income as a director of advertising (in 1948, he makes $ 15,000 a year, which was like he made $ 90,000 today) and lives in a luxury apartment - which, in New York, - feels he should look for something better. He and Muriel go to the country (Connecticut) and soon find an old ruin that they both imagine can be repaired like that dream house they want. And both fall into the hole of the financial worms that the purchase of land and construction can lead to. In a way, they are so excited about the idea of ​​building a home like this, they fail to warn after warning by their cynical friend and Bill Cole (Melvin Douglas, in a beautiful sardonic role). For example, Jim is buying land from a merchant in Connecticut (Ian Wolfe, suck the chocolate in silence) with a check before double checking the correct cost of land in that part of Connecticut. Bill says he paid about five or six thousand dollars more for land than he deserves. There are water supply issues that both Blandings never think of, such as hard and soft water - which leads to the Zis - Zis snow machine. They discover that the drawings they have in mind and who worked with their architect (Reginald Denny) can not be mitigated by Muriel's decision to build a small foundry for which no one has planned. <br /> <br /> Escalated project costs are a matter that makes Jim. He was named to manage the "Wham" account ("Spam" has become a popular result of the Second World War in that the public has begun to use it as a meat substitute, given its success with armed forces). Jim can not grab this (he's not alone - one or two directors beat him up). He comes with the next "poetry" (?): "This little pig went to the market, it was pink and as beautiful as ham. <br /> <br /> His secretary looks at him as if he needed a straight jacket then Jim is also more and more suspicious of Bill's attention to Muriel, though (in this case) Bill is blameless, but he is always around (Jim continues to forget that Bill is a clear one, and it keeps Jim and Muriel make so many mistakes.) All three have misfortunes, the best being when they get stuck in a room in the half-built house just as the men have gone That day they can not open the door, and Jim (in a panic) tries to break the door down through a mocking ram, he breaks a window and the door opens alone. with all the actors seemingly enjoying. It's a film that (despite changing the level of prices and salary levels) really does not age at all. After all, most Americans dream of owning their own house and always have it. A few years ago, a paint company used a delightful scene with Myrna Loy and Emory Parnell about Parnell's paint work to make in different rooms. It shows carefully the distinctive colors of red, blue, etc. wants - even giving him a polite Parnell one thread for the blue color. The advertisements suggested that the paint company had a wide variety of colors to choose from at work. They have proudly named Loy "Mrs. Blandings" in the introduction of the advertisement. But you can imagine how the way Parnell deals with the situation afterwards, when Loy leaves him with the paint crew.
