Cypher is a smart, efficient and extraordinary film that offers. His good premise is well presented and has its content delivered in an efficient manner, but also in a manner consistent with gender requirements. Although someone could immediately label the film science fiction, there is even more. It has obvious fictional features, but the movie looks more like a noir / detective than anything else that really adds to the story. The film, as a whole, behaves like a kind of nightmare; building and maintaining a good atmosphere. We are never sure of what happens exactly, we are not sure why certain things actually happen and we are not entirely sure of certain people, similar to having a dream? ambiguity reigns over us all? hero included, and I did not see that shot in such a way in a movie before, Terry Gilliam's bar in Brazil. Going forward with earlier emotion, Cypher portrays horror as well as detective, noir and science fiction, giving the feeling that there is something for everyone and integrates well with his elements. also a sense of espionage for the film that helps the detective part of the story. The mystery that surrounds almost everyone is disturbing to say at least and I find that the character of Rita Foster (Liu), who is supposed to be like a fatal female, can be regarded as a less threatening threat to everything that happens around the hero: People who appear as friends are not actually people who say they are actually used and those who seem pretty harmless are actually deadier than they look. Despite many changes around, the twisting of the plot several times, and following orders that are set in a way that makes them seem to end the world if they are not fulfilled; the only thing that seems most dangerous is any romantic bond or link to Lucy Liu's character? and it tries to help (!) The film keeps that two-sided feeling fighting against an espionage war spying and keeping one of its employees and opponents. Everything behaves like a kind of cold miniature war; something that resembles the United States and the United States during their word war, and it actually draws through the black, gloomy, often CGI screen we've been glued to. <br /> <br /> What was quite exciting and was a nice added touch was shot inserting the travel of certain American states made to resemble computer microchips as our hero flies to and from its declared destinations? then, the more he acts on his own motivation and Foster's motivation, this sequence disappears because he moves away from the computerized, repetitive and controlled life he is told to live and twist. Cyhper is very consistent in its content and has all the elements of a good film. To say that it resembles the first Jason Bourne movie, which is just like science fiction, it does not cut it down enough, but you can see the similarities; despite the fact that both were launched in the same year. As mentioned earlier, there is something in this movie for everyone and if you can look at the disappointing past that some people can predict successfully, you'll enjoy this movie.
