Canadian director Vincenzo Natali took the stunning arcade circuit with the intriguing and amazing Cube, which is my favorite SF movie in the 1990s. It framed the basic beauty of a group of strangers captured in a giant cube-shaped maze, shot entirely on a set, and took this idea in fascinating directions. <br /> <br /> We have been looking forward to Natali's pursuit, and although I took five years to join another project, I'm delighted to say he deserves the expectation. Cypher is a fascinating exploration of the place of a man in the world, and through a completely logical chain of events he is in a situation that can not be controlled by him. I do not want to reveal too much about the plot, because one of Cypher's joys is the different ways he took us. It's so refreshing in this day and age to see a SF movie that has more ideas in its head. Cypher is such a movie. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), one of the best people ever to travel to the planet, is hired by DigiCorp. I'm sending him to different parts of America to record different seminars. For his amazement, they are incredibly boring. While Morgan is waiting for a seminar, she meets Rita Foster (an impeccable cast Lucy Liu), defining an ice girl. She gives her a brush, but there's something she can find irresistible. This is not surprising given the dry marriage is in. When Rita returns to another Morgan seminar, tells him that his life is not what he seems. And I'm not saying anything about the plot. To do so would reduce the impact of the rest of the film on us, as well as the tortuous track that is so fun to watch. As in the case of Cuba, Natali has a great talent to encompass seemingly ordinary people, taking them out of the family and basically seeing what will happen when they are scattered into the unknown. And Cipher follow similar patterns. But it's not a carbon copy of Cube. It has its own inspiration. Cypher is a movie that has more in common with conspiracy thrillers and stories about paranoia. One of the great things about Cypher is how these themes sneak into the story without your knowledge. When Morgan realizes that his false identity is a piece of a much larger puzzle, it is just as much a shock to us as to him. One thing that distinguishes Cypher from Cube is how much more polished it is. If Cube was confined to a minimalistic framework and a budget invested with an unknown distribution, Cypher is also on a low budget, but Natali saves him as much as possible by allowing him to expand the horizon and launch Morgan in an amazing journey through the labyrinth of his own identity. Natali's direction is exceptional, with a hand on his back. There are some amazing angles of the rooms above, such as the enormity of the DigiCorp building as a vast and robust office block, in conjunction with an insignificant species that is Morgan standing out. All the color seems to have been bleached from the picture, which compliments the tone of the perfect film as a modern noir movie. The action is excellent throughout all the way. Jeremy Northam is a sympathetic figure from his unmarried marriage to the question of his own identity. Its performance is excellent because it is so modulated. Apparently he turns right in front of our eyes. From a clinic without a back to a confident man who will do anything to preserve his identity. David Hewlett makes a welcome appearance that has made such an impact in Cube. He lives in a secret silo that seems to have been borrowed from Men in black. Its stage is one of the best because it is a calm suspense exercise and carefully calculated paranoia. He is a supposed expert in identifying double agents and is a fantastic written piece, brilliantly operated by Hewlett. All he has to do is look at Morgan, and we're drawn into his complex minds. But it's Lucy Liu, that's the scene theft here. Too often, it is distributed in films where its potential is not used in its entirety. But in Cipher is finally given a character that fits like a glove. Rita is an aloof, fatally guarded females, that Liu lives with joy. I have perked every time she appeared because she is always in control, and can reduce a room to silence with the power of ice eye alone. Things come to a very pleasant end, which does not conclude on an ambiguous note how the Cube did. But Morgan deserves the happy ending. After being put into the ring like this, I greeted them in the final stage. It's a last perfect moment because it comes like a sunshine after a 90-minute dark. Cypher succeeds at any cost. Commitment, shocking, always fun, is all that it wanted to be Total Recall, but it was not. And it comes as a refreshing antidote to the overwhelming and inexplicable Matrix. A good pursuit from Natali. And now I'm a fan of this man. Great stuff!
