This is an extraordinarily imaginative, low-budget movie from the Vincenzo Natali cult director. The film behaves like a passage of Phillip K Dick with Hitchcock and Cronenberg, and the movie has a unique feel as if you have not seen anything. The movie is shot gorgeously, I like cinema in this sense, feels fresh and original. In parallel, the film explores themes like Total Recall, Dark City and Matrix, and its rather discrete things. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburban who gets bored of his life and decides to take a job as a company spy for Digicorp, a big tech corporation. He meets a recruiting officer at the beginning who brings Sullivan aboard and instructs him what he has to do. In essence, it involves participating in rival companies' conferences and recording them through a disguised satellite transmission device in the pen. It also means that he has to take a different person and keep a secret from his wife. After his first thing, things become strange, habits change, personality begins to differ and suffers sore throat and headaches as well as nightmares. He meets a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (played by an interesting cast, Lucy Liu.), To whom she takes an instantaneous attraction. However, when she goes to the next job and sees it again, she reveals to be a kind of agent who reveals that his job is not exactly what he seems to be. He later finds out that he and the other conference participants work for Digicorp. Conferences are all coverings to allow people to wash their spirits. Sullivan, whose alternate name is Jack Thursby, received an antidote for Digicorps's drug and while the other spies at the latest conference are moving away in what seems to be a dream of the brain while the speakers are stuttering speakers send all companions to sleep through subliminal messages.), the room lights quit suddenly, and the Digicorp workers come in bright lights in the eyes of all occupants to make sure they are not aware and then in a rather nightmare situation bringing head sets for every member who sends messages to the brain and brainwashing to think I'm someone else. Digicorp uses these people as dolls and creates personalities and lives for these people, wiping their own existence. Sullivan must pretend he thinks he's Jack Thursby now. Digicorp wants to steal information from their rivals Samways and want their own dolls to do it, now they actually control what these spies do, except Sullivan. When Samways catches Sullivan and discovers he has not been brainwashed, he decides to use it as a pawn to spy on Digicorp, to make Sullivan a double agent. They know that Digicorp sent Thursby to make his way to Samways and make his way to the system until he can get into a situation to download important information about the company that could close the company. Samways realizes that he has been planted and decides to play with Digicorp and allow Thursby to infiltrate their databases, but they will give Digicorp an upset disc that will destroy their system. The plot starts to spin and come back because both companies use Sullivan as a pawn. He is stuck in the middle and Rita Foster is a mystery while trying to find out why it helps. When a mysterious third-party mission engages, the person declared to work by Foster, Sullivan must decide whether to go to an independent agent who could guarantee a new life and safety or stay with one of the companies for which work. Tension builds in a climax because it seems that everyone just wants to give up once his utility has expired. The distribution is great. Northam is superb and subtlety in its performance is excellent. He brings a great visual appearance to his show, his eyes tell a story and we see a great subtle change as his character changes from Sullivan to Thursby. Lucy Liu is just sexy beyond belief, and her presence offers a tremendous momentum for the film, because it seems odd casting, but it works because of that. The rest of the cast is also good. Director Natali, whose former film was the classic sci-fi cult, has a true visual flair. She looks good at the movie and gave her a great look. For a low budget movie, it features some imaginative visual effects, and although CGI is not great, it never starts too much a central piece to negatively influence the movie. The film really brings the feelings of The Matrix and other fantastic SF movies, is there with them. Plot almost gets too convoluted sometimes, but in fact, which helps in a movie like this one, is where Cronenberg and Lynch's influence is obvious. The film constantly treats you what is happening and really surprises as it goes on. It is generally a classic cult, and I can see this being incredibly popular when launched in states. <br /> <br />
