Vincenzo Natali's Cypher Director is a complex and imaginative thriller that, although it requires a suspense of faith and a lot of concentration, manages to be a fun experience. <br /> <br /> Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), a family spouse with an arrogant wife, decides to add a little spice to her trivial existence, getting a job as an industrial spy at the high tech company Digi Corp . His mission is to travel to conferences across the country (under the identity of Jack Thursby) and secretly broadcast the speeches given back to his bosses through an electronic pen-gizmo. In reality, however, speeches are just a cover for far worse activities. Morgan, along with the conference participants, is brainwashed. The drugged drink they drink puts them in a temporary coma, when they are told to forget their past and to adopt their identity. Once they are convinced that they are someone else, they are told to engage with competing companies for jobs where they can devote themselves to corporate spying without suspicion. But Digi Corp's plans are relieved by the shadow surgery Rita Foster (Lucy Liu), who opens Morgan's eyes to what's really going on. Morgan gives an antidote to the drugs that alter the drugs so they can withstand brainwashing techniques. She also warns that if Digi Corp suspects she does not fully believe it is Jack Thursby, then it will be "removed." Morgan plays over time and applies for a job to a rival Sunways company. However, reaching his new job, he is given a polygraph test and is immediately shredded as a spy. Fortunately, the Sunways bosses see this as an ideal opportunity to feed false data to Digi Corp and Morgan becomes a double agent. Hence, things become progressively more complicated; the plot twists and turns, and Poor Morgan gets to trust no one. In the end, all are finally clear (but only if you followed the events very carefully). Natali Director is dealing with processes with confidence and certainly has a great capacity to produce a class-sized movie for a relatively low budget. He succeeds in getting some extraordinary performances from talented casting; Jeremy Northam, in particular, is fantastic - Morgan's initially somewhat nervous performance is played to perfection. Cypher is another fascinating film from a director who is willing to take chances and look forward to his forthcoming projects, High Rise and Necropolis.
