Was it based on a comic book? A video game? A 3-year drawing? <br /> <br /> There is nothing in this movie to be taken seriously; not the characters, not the dialogue, not the plot, not the action. Nothing. We have high-tech international terrorists / criminals who face pre-school children, Stallone's steel-like resistance in cold weather, the so stupid dialogue that sometimes it's almost hilarious, and so on. Even the code name the bad guys use is bad ("tango-tango"). A movie that has fun with some suspense, good action sequences and a beautiful mountain setting. Oh yes, and unintentional humor. The film opens with some really bad and unfortunate bad luck between our lucky and happy characters, who obviously have a "swollen" time. Then there is a part of the salvation that causes sweating, which should make anyone with high-level problems get their hair out. And then we have a worse dialogue, and then some bigger actions. This is the rhythm of the film at a glance. Stallone's and Turner's melodramatic exchange, when they meet for a long time, is so soapy so soiled, so fake and so bad that it should force a chuckle of any self-perceiving master. Shortly after this horrible dialogue writing, we are witnessing a spectacular and excellent operation of an airplane. The whole action is a great absurdity, but it's fun mindless to the best. Although the rest of the action is exciting and fun, airplane scenes are truly the culmination of the movie. After landing, our offenders are looking for a guide and end up with Stallone and Rooker. I send Stallone to bring the first case of money, but in a way I do everything to make it as difficult as possible for him to reach him; they get the most clothes out of it (so they can freeze) and will not give them the equipment they need (so they can fall). DO THESE GANGSTERS OR MONEY FULFILLED OR NOT? Very simple. Apparently they do not trust Stallone, but I certainly know they can always send it to black by using Rooker as hostage. However, our gangsters make it difficult for Stallone to climb, if not for logical reasons, then let us show at least how bad we are - for there to be no doubt. And for those who might still doubt how bad the bad guys are, they overlap, boast and fight in a truly evil way. Everyone convinced? Good. It would be better. Otherwise, the writers will throw a mass execution of twenty schoolchildren, just to make sure the evil of the wicked is clear to all. The old man flying the helicopter ... How the hell fell for the trap? First of all, he must have been warned by MTV about criminals, and secondly, you must have heard Stallone and Rooker's voice on the walkie-talkie. There is a lot of idiotic verbal exchanges, and Lithgow has the honor of getting the most foolish lines. "Get off my back!" Lithgow: "I did not even start climbing back." Or, Lithgow to Stallone: ​​"We had a deal, but now we have only one!" And for Lithgow's criminals: these guys do not seem to want to kill right away. They are very creative about it; they philosophize, claim to play football with your body, and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone co-wrote this. I have no idea what a drug he was when he did it. I would love to think that the script is so bad because of a I.Q.
