Cliffhanger's view makes me nostalgic for the early 1990s, a time when almost every new action movie could be described as "Die Hard in a / a a." Cliffhanger is "Die Hard on a Mountain," and pretty good for what it is. But unlike Passenger 57 and Under Siege, which are the decent die-hard clones in their terms, Cliffhanger gives up the closed feeling of many action movies and embraces stunning landscapes that in their immense threaten to overwhelm and trivialize people's conflicts that fight and die in the middle of the peaks. A few years before other movies, such as a simple plan, and Fargo dramatized murder and murder in snow, Cliffhanger director Renny Harlin recognized the visual impact of violent juxtaposed violence and hard fighting to survive the natural environment and indifferent. The opening sequence has already received substantial praise, all of which deserves: its intensity allows us to forget the artifice of the camera and actors and simply believe that what we see is actually happening. Nor is Harlin's shooting of falling animals, which is highly effective but still threatens to become too much joke (and which he repeated in Deep Blue Sea), or the ridiculous expression of Ralph Waite's face may diminish the power of the sequence. <br /> <br /> The next impressive piece is bombing and revenge on board the plane. As Stallone and Michael France wrote and directed by Harlin, the audience is full of action by not initially knowing which agents are involved in theft and who are not: bloody double crosses are completely unexpected. As Roger Ebert observed, the stuntman who made the airplane between the middle of the plane deserves a special recognition. Later, during the avalanche sequence, one of the terrorists / thieves seems to be in reality the snow wall takes him to the mountain. As far as I know, no one was killed in making this film (a little miracle, given the extreme nature of some of the stunts), so obviously a fake was used to shoot. But the shot itself remains impressive because we let ourselves wonder how Harlin (or perhaps a director of the second) knew exactly where to place the camera. I'm taking Sly Stallone like me the hero of any day of the week because he's one of the few film stars I've ever seen who's completely convincing that someone who can bear a lot of physical and emotional pain and at the same time actually feels that pain. Gabe Walker's role truly complements Stallone's strengths: he plays an older and more vulnerable hero, providing impressive performance, as a mountain saver who has to redeem himself. Unlike many of the post-Matrix action comic heroes, comic books, Stallone's Walker is an ordinary man who becomes a hero without paranormal or computerized abilities. In Cliffhanger, the hero almost freezes to death, and his clothes start to show great tears, for he can barely escape a dangerous situation after another. He wins when he is hit and bleeds when cut, especially in the cavern sequence when he takes a red-colored bombardment from one of the crazy sinners. It has to be noted that the really stupid bastards really contribute to the effectiveness of the film: when I first saw this film as a teenager, I was rooted for the good boys at every step and anticipating when another bad guy would bite the dust (or, rather, ice); at one point, I genuinely greeted one of the bloody characters in the film suffered a violent death. Lithgow's British accent is as unconvincing as the model aircraft or helicopter of the occasional model, but he is a good actor and one of the few who can recite a stupid dialogue: in a single scene, staring at the hostages, Stallone and Rooker, trying to decide what tasks to give, he says, "You, wait!" Even a better actor, such as Anthony Hopkins, might have trouble with that line. Even if Cliffhanger throws credibility occasionally, he does it just for a more fun show. > <br /> At the beginning of the movie, for example, Lithgow tells a man to retire [Stallone] when he gets down. No real criminal killer would have made this mistake even unconsciously: his negligence allows Rooker to call a warning up to Sly on the face of the rock, and this causes a war between Stallone and the bad guys trying to shoot him the rope connected to the foot. Lithgow could have given his order in a more subtle way, but it may not have been so fun to look at whether he would have given Rooker the opportunity to open contradicting his captor's arrogance. Ended very much in the style of the Saturday morning or sometimes western series, Cliffhanger is built on such a solid basis that survives some weak elements that would have undermined a smaller film. In addition to the painful airplane models mentioned above, weak moments include some scenes shot on cheap snowflake sets REAL FALS, as well as two other scenes involving bats and wolves that seem useless in an already actionable story. Eventually, Harlin's decision to shoot some slow death scenes seems useless, because the technique does not contribute anything to the scene. It is a shame that Stallone is now too old for action movies, in this film it seems so credible that I inevitably wonder what it will be like many years later. But maybe it's better for Cliffhanger to stay on his own forever without a sequel: there are already plenty of tired and outdated film franchises. It was an unofficial sequel that was called the vertical limit: compared to that clinker, Cliffhanger belongs to the IMDb Top 250. Rating: 8 (Very good, especially considering Stallone's other films).
