Four detainees share a single cell: the domineering transvestite, Marcus (Clovis Cornillac); Marcu's idiot scholar friend, Paquerette (Dimitri Rataud), who will eat everything in sight, including pocket watches, beetles, and his sister; Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), the intelligent librarian who murdered his wife; and Carrère (Gérald Laroche), the new guy who was caught up in corporate fraud and is now focused on escape. After a brick falls off the cell wall, people discover the hidden diary written by a serial killer obsessed with the "Fountain of Youth" that occupied the cell in the 1920s. Is this diary the secret of their escape? Or is there something more sinister behind her? I was a bit tired about going into this movie because the only other experience I had with Eric Valette was horrible One Missed Call (2008), which I thought was the worst theatrical movie I've ever seen . However, much of what was wrong with "One Missed Call" could be attributed to Klavan's terrible scenario because (as I remember) was not the worst part of Valette's film (if not chose to include the child). Anyway, Maléfique was a good way to bring my respect back. . . is a French film (obviously something I like) and takes place in prison (which is the second favorite place for horror after asylum). So there are two points for him before the film starts. Fortunately, Valette did it once the movie ended. Maléfique is a pretty deep, fairly complex story, quite convincing of obsession and despair. . . the desire and the need to bring fantasies to reality. Though it's not a terrible movie in the traditional sense, the strange power of it makes it pretty scary. The period between the climax and the conclusion was one of the best movies I've seen for some time, and I would wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone looking for a decent psychological thriller with some pretty sexy gore. Ultimate verdict: 8.5 / 10. A little respect won by Valette. Note: Paramount took over the rights to make an American remake (surprise surprise). That's due in 2009. I'm not sure why, to be honest, because this does not seem to be something that would be a great money producer here in the states. But, I was surprised before. <br /> <br /> Vive La France! <br /> <br />
