If you are one of those who are happy to admit titles such as "The Book of the Dead", "The Book of Eibon" or "Necronomicon," then you should feel at home with Malefique, a film that also has an occult tone, to change the destinies of all those involved. Discovered by four French prisoners sharing a cell, the scary object was placed in the wall there by Danvers, a serial killer imprisoned in the 1920s; a man obsessed with rejuvenation and black arts before he suddenly disappears. The discoverers of the book are Carrère (Gérald Laroche), a company owned by his wife, Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), aspiring to be a woman, but at the same time building bodies to execute an escape plan, Pâquerette's half (Dimitri Rataud ) who once ate his child's sister and "librarian" Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), supposedly crawling through reading, who murdered his wife. Recalling the equally bizarre male viewer, boss in the Fight Club (1999), Lassalle begins as a dominant member of the quartet, one that specifically protects the infant Pâquerette. With the coming of the book, but also with the need to decipher its dangerous content, Marcus assumes a growing significance. At first, secured by early bail, meanwhile Carrère has only academic interest in events. Suddenly, he needs an emergency escape option and, as the experience of prisoners, Danvers' book begins to reveal some of his terrifying powers ... The most part in a prison cell and between four or five characters, Malefique has a claustrophobic air adapted entirely to his subject (as well as a low budget of filming). It is only at the beginning and then at the end that we end up leaving the cell boundaries, a necessary opening that serves only to emphasize the doomed, closed nature of the procedures elsewhere. Moreover, this is a movie about being caught, either as a victim of your criminal past or about occult events that are now taking place. "I'll escape," Carrère says at the beginning of the film, wants more than anything else to reunite with his wife and son. Whether it does or not, it will be a terrible price, and the great irony of the film is that the final form of an "escape" can not be one that man can imagine. the budget limits are very much for Eric Vallette's creditor, for the first time, that his film also succeeds. As critics have noticed, it is a film of strong freelance tones - Lassalle's distinctive mammals and, for example, adult breastfeeding; the image of a vagina that comes to life and develops an eye; the grown man who dissolves back into the fetus; The original placente fetish from Danvers; dark cell like a primitive uterus from which "delivery" is expected. With so many interesting aspects of the script, Vallette does not mistaken her foot and manages to create a really unfortunate atmosphere of what, when we get to it, is just a matter of four guys, four beds, a folding table and a book. There is a genuine, growing, Lovecraftian chill, while men call the unusual darkness of his pages, while one or two moments - the intermittent vagina mentioned above or what is finally happening with Pâquerette - are unwavering memorable. The pacing of many dark events at Malefique is deliberate, rejecting the rapid cutting of many Hollywood productions: a video culture approach that often undermines the horrible look in favor of rapid action and gore. Perhaps this is a particularly European way, as recalls a similar approach, measured by shocking hallucination, made in films such as Verhoeven's "The Fourth Man" (1983), a film that accidentally splits a particularly ugly picture based on a prolapsed eye. /> <br /> Lensed well in 1.85: 1, Malefique enjoys excellent performance and, if at least for this viewpoint, the conclusion was not as explicable as it could have been, the trip to the final shot is worthwhile. Come so soon after launching Haute Tension (aka: Switchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason to be grateful for the horror movies coming back from the French industry after a time when they seemed the only valuable product come from Asia
