The horror movie in France has seen something of rebirth in recent years, with great movies, such as Inside and Switchblade Romance, that break out on stage. Maléfique has preceded the revival only slightly, but the head and shoulders stand on the most modern horror titles and is certainly one of the finest French horror films ever made! Maléfique was obviously shot at a low budget, but this is done in a number of ways than the originality of the film, and this, in turn, is complemented by excellent writing and action that ensures that the movie is winning. The plot focuses on two main ideas; imprisonment and black magic. The central character is a man named Carrère, sent to prison for fraud. He is put into a cell with three others; quietly crazy Lassalle, building the transvestite body Marcus and his late lover Daisy. After a short period of time in the cell, it hinders a wall hide that contains an old diary. After translating some of it, they soon give up their magical powers and realize that they could use it to break the prison walls. Black Magic is a very exciting topic and actually I am quite surprised that there are not many movies based on it, because there are so many possibilities for things to do with it. It is right to say that Maléfique is using everything that is best, because despite its restrictions, the film does not really feel impressed and manages to pass well all over. Director Eric Valette offers a wonderful atmosphere for the film; the fact that most of them take place inside the prison's central cell ensures that the film feels very claustrofobic, and this benefits the central idea of ​​prisoners who want to use magic to get out of the cell - it's very easy to get behind them! It is often said that the unknown is what really frightens people, and this film proves that, as a director, it ensures that we can not really be sure of what is the corner, which helps ensure that Maléfique manages to be quite frightening! The movie is memorable for many reasons outside of the central chart; the characters are all very interesting in their own way and the fact that the book itself takes its own character is very well done. Anyone worried that the movie will not deliver to the end will not be disappointed either that the end has meaning and that it manages to be quite frightening! On the whole, Maléfique is a really great horror film and one of the best of ten years - watching HIGHLY!
