The terrible movies in France are pretty rare and it's easy enough to see why! Whenever a talented young director releases a new amazing film, he emigres to glorious Hollywood as soon as he directs the remake of the great budget of another great movie classic! How can France build a strong reputation for horror when their wonderful directors leave the country after a single film? "Haute Tension" was a fantastic movie and brought the director Alexandre Aja a ticket to the United States to remake "The Hills Have Eyes" (which I added terribly). Eric Valette's "Maléfique" debut was also a very promising and engaging horror film, and he had already gone to Hollywood to direct the remake of Takashi Miike's "One Missed Call." So you have here, two very gifted French people who will not make more movies in their home country soon. "Maléfique" is a simple but efficient cooler that requires some patience due to its slow start, but once the plan develops, it offers great atmospheric tension and a handful of great special effects. The film unfolds almost entirely in one location and introduces only four characters. We are inside a French prison cell with four occupants. The new arrival is a condemned businessman to make time for fraud, the old and the "wise" detainee sadistically murdered his wife, and then there is a mad travesty and a mentally handicapped boy to end the weird four. They find an old journal inside their cell wall, belonging to a sick killer in the 1920s who specialized in black magic rites and supernatural escape routes. Do the four inmates begin to prepare their own plan of escape using the bizarre formulas of the book just to realize that occultism is something I should not disappoint you? Eric Valette dedicates to the oceans of the character time of the four protagonists, which occasionally results in redundant and boring subproductions, but the reasons why it becomes clear in terrible climax when the book proves to be a Wishmaster type of device. "Maléfique" is a dark film with claustrophobic tension trucks and more twisted details about human behavior. Look Before a Rich American Production Company decides to remake it with four teenage actors handsome in unconvincing roles of hardcore criminals.
