Maléfique is a very interesting movie. It is an endless alloy of triumphs and failures. The central concept is great, three detainees with bizarre personalities join with a fourth (identify the audience) and try to escape from the cell using a magic book they find inside the cell walls. <br /> <br /> The atmosphere is well knit, reminds me of the reading of Edmond Dantes' imprisonment in Château d'If (before becoming the Count of Monte Cristo). The director establishes the feeling that the characters are related to the cell, especially the character that we need to identify (Carrère - a criminal criminal whose offense is not specified, but it is commonly suggested that it could be fraud). On one occasion, Carrère gives away when he leaves the cell to exercise and has the cell shut door on him; we never leave the cell, claustrophobia is uninterrupted. Also, there are no prison pictures outside the cell, and the view through bars is a wanted sunset over a generic prison wall. So even if the movie seems to be very modern, it has a very old world of trust. Characters are interesting. We have Marcus, a violent pre-op transsexual who plays an abusive mother at Pâquerette (French for Daisy), a very late couple. Păquerette likes to eat everything he finds beautiful, and unfortunately he included his sister, hence the current situation (I like this commentary on internalization, very primitive). Lasalle is a retired old man, possessed, for the brutal murder of his wife. The central message of the movie is that your wishes will annihilate you and there is a ritual that goes with it. I think it bothers me most, seeing people are ruining the ritual. It has a real life ring. The simple sound column supports this well, every step deeper into the flames is accompanied by a boring noise of a gong. In fact, I hear of gong every time I do something self-destructive. I think one of the problems of the plot is that the end of the characters does not really strengthen the message consistently, especially with Carrère, too, the concept of the book seems to change throughout the film or in the terms of a successive revelation. I also think that some of the pictures we see are a bit amateur, more design than executing, such as the famous "vagina eye" and Lasalle's sodomia, for me, blurry images. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, it feels like the director is rushing to do it, and some things do not seem logical, for example, I was embarrassed to think different things about Carrère's child. But this does not change the fact that what we have here is that rare bird, a "pure" horror movie. There is no comedy noise or gender segments such as Cube (1997 / Natali), the obvious film to be compared, is a total immersion experience, in which you feel like you are in the character cell. This last comment I make about being a "pure" experience, I think is something that others have also mentioned is a pretty unanimous point. On a personal note, my favorite part of the film is when Lasalle talks about her past as a librarian. He very much describes a scene in which he goes to work one day and sits in the usual place in the center of a room where all the books are arranged in a circle around him. The books seem to sing that he will never have their knowledge. This prompts Lasalle to go crazy. This is really the problem with an obsession with understanding and knowledge. It's something I felt myself. A final comment is that two of the pretty well received comments on the blackboard confused the names of the characters. To convince you that Lasalle is the old librarian, click on Philippe Laudenbach's page and you will see that he was born in 1936.
