This film focuses on four criminals locked in a prison wishing to escape from the cell, hoping that a mysterious book of black magic, written by a former detainee around 1920, called Danvers who wanted to use spells to - And keep the young man's skin. Carrere (Gérald Laroche), the business criminal (short-circuited), landed him in prison with three strange cell buddies ... a Marcus transcendent marcus (Clovis Cornillac), a toy of Marcus Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) he eats objects he touches (and is in jail because he ate his six-month sister) and submits his accusation as if he was his mother and Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who does not read or not eating breakfast (the latter being the fact that he killed his wife at that time of day). The film follows Carrère as he reads from the book, trying to understand what it means to hope to find an exit from his prison. Carrère loves his baby and, for a while, thinks his wife will bail him out sooner. When he betrays him, Carrère tries bluntly with hatred and longs to see and keep his beloved son. Carrère's toughest critic is Marcus, who wants to be fully feminine, while still clinging to more masculine features such as working and making a leak. He speaks harshly and uses his muscles as a kind of fear tactic, though deep inside is a world of vulnerability. Păquerette is completely under Marcus' control and behaves like a canine for his master ... it is even an alarming scene in which Pâquerette nurses from Marcus! Lassalle is a disintegrating mystery, opening us to slowly understand his hidden motives and what lies within his potentially sinister brain. Obviously intellectual and possessing possible secrets from others, Lassalle is in fact the one who retains his motivation to follow the secrets of the book. Soon, those who do not pose a threat to the book seek to escape "true," not from the cell of the four walls, but also from the cell that imprisons its true desires. After a certain crime, the book is thrown out of the room with a very fascinating character who enters the movie with a video camera as if it were a new occupant ... who is this person and how he understands the power of a book to get away even better , how to use it? A constant in this film, each of the prisoners is often seen along its window in the world that is not accessible. I'm glad I had the opportunity to watch this movie. Playing as "Monkey's Paw," the characters get what they want, but a price has to be respected. There are gore in the movie, amazing moments of graphic violence, but, in my opinion, this is primarily a story told by stories. Gore is a product of what unleashes the book. One of the groups gathers their limbs while hanging in the air, while a pressed opening act shows the flesh left by a man's desire. We see Danver's fate at the end with a magnificent sequence of special effects on a child melting. Lassalle's fate is a succession of master effects. I will say that Maléfique, thanks to Eric Valette's good direction, has always kept my attention and, to be such an isolated film (about 95% of the film takes place in a singular location, the prison cell) draws. I think it is a testament to interesting actors and fascinating characters, not to mention a compelling story that uses the supernatural to drive them.
