I was born only four years after this wonderful show was first broadcast, but fortunately I managed to catch the rebels of the mid-90s, and the rest is history ...... I was comprised. The premise was quite simple; two of the strengthened Nemesis agents, Richard Barrett and Craig Stirling (William Gaunt and Stuart Damon) are partners with an expert (if not a young) Doctor and Biologist (Sharron Macready) who heads behind the bamboo curtain to recover a biological agent dangerous by China Red. While evacuating, their plane is hit by machine gun fire and collapsing in the heart of the Himalayas, where their lives are saved by a mysterious and undiscovered civilization that heals and amplifies the senses of the trio, thus setting the stage for many exciting adventures to come. The series lasted 30 long episodes and I think it was a relatively short period of life, a season that made it available for worship. <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> Monty Berman was famous for making things as cheap as possible, and sometimes the show has suffered with incredibly sticky sets - especially in episodes such as Happening (a workshop for Australian adventure) and "Snow" by "Deep Freeze" and "Beginning", but if you can get over that and focus on characters and story lines, the show really was a lot of fun. It had a combination of adventure and a lot of humorous humor (mainly from some lovely lining from William Gaunt). The chemistry of the three leadership was fantastic - you feel like they really have a lot of fun doing shows and this is confirmed in the 2005 documentary, where the three reunited after over 35 years to remember about show (and laughs Anthony Nicholls Worry Wig!). They all shared equal screen time and they all had moments to shine. I have to say that I was always a fan of Richard Barrett - I loved the sardonic humor alongside this dangerous edge - he was certainly a man you did not cross that eye ... ... the best eyes you would probably see on TV. I also followed Bill Gaunt's career with interest. Still, Craig Stirling would certainly have had his legion of fans, and I'm sure Alexandra Bastedo had a whole bunch of male fans who left her. with Donald Sutherland, Jeremy Brett, Peter Wyngarde, Burt Kwouk, Anton Rodgers, Kate O'Mara, Jenny Linden, Paul Eddington and Colin Blakely. The notable episodes for me were "Kill Auto," "Query," "Fanatics," "Mission," and "Gold Cage," but I'm sure everyone has personal preferences. If you have the opportunity to watch this show for the first time or watch it for many years, do not forget to watch it in the context of its time and just sit and enjoy - the characters and chemistry of the three leaders are what made this wonderful show I and I do not think I'll ever get bored of it. Enjoy!
