Hal Hartley's influence on Adrienne Shelly, "I'll Take You There," is not obvious, but clearly links to his work (Shelly acted in two of Hartley's films). Not only does her film have a very close narrative, but hyper-stylized and extreme characters make strange human emotions in a very real light. Although this film is not ironic in its entirety (thank God), the small and subtle ironies that burn the song allude to the bitter truths in love and loss. With a beautiful cinema and a direct soundtrack from the seventies, "I'll See You There" is a great indie film that does not bend to postmodern irony when dealing with the madness of love and the reality of human emotion. > <br /> The film begins with Bill's fall in pieces. Not only did he sell Ray's best friend, a beautiful home in the country, but Rose's wife let him join Ray in retreat. All wash, Bill dives into his own dark and sister until his sister Lucy (played by director Adrienne Shelly) brings all sorts of surprises: a self-help book and a "meeting" her brother traumatized. <br /> <br /> The unwanted Bill tries to refuse, but Bernice's sudden appearance at his door leaves no choice. Undoubtedly, Bernice's initial, superficial behavior and ridiculous hairstyle destroys her ability to "revive" herself. However, her pseudo-hippie qualities disturb him so much that he beats them at the first meeting. And Bernice is so traumatized by her disturbing observations that she attaches himself to him, forcing himself upon him. For what purpose, we do not know ... except that it's psychopathic. (And who better to play than Ally Sheedy psycho?) Aware that desperately wants to see Bill Rose, Bernice gives her car, provided it takes somewhere first. On the way, she continues to hold Prisoner Bill with her own gun (a Pinkerton detective, no less). A imbroglio of anger, resentment, redemption, passion and violence resulting from the fact that Bill and Bernice is on the way home country of Ray and Rose ... of course, with a few stops along the way.
