"Maléfique" is an example of how a horror movie can be effective with nothing more than a well executed plot and a lot of heart. Its distribution does not have recognized names, it does not have a large budget and, of course, it lacks the appearance of visual effects; but it compensates all this through a smart and well-written script, an efficient distribution, and the vision of a director focused more on telling the story than on providing cheap emotions. Eric Valette can not be a well-known name, but with "Maléfique", the debut of his feature film, he demonstrates that he is at the level of contemporaries like Jeunet, Gans or Aja. The film is the story of four prisoners in a cell, four different men with very different backgrounds, but with one purpose: to get out. Carrère (Gérald Laroche) becomes imprisoned after being declared guilty of multi-millionaire fraud; (Clovis Cornillac), the intellectual Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) and Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud), convicted of murder, are convicted of murder and give Carrère a cold welcome. Their personalities will collide, while Carrère discovers an ancient book detailing how a former prisoner escaped using black magic. Written by Alexandre Charlo and Franck Magnier, "Maléfique" is a wonderful blend of dark fantasy and horror that reminds of Clive Barker's stories. The strongest point of the film is how the characters are built, all have very complex and diverse personalities, and a lot of tension and suspense comes from the constant confrontation of personalities. The supernatural element of the story is very well manipulated and generally gives the film the feeling of reading a Gothic novel. Despite the fact that it is a film about four men locked in a room, the film does not become boring or tiring and, in fact, the isolation of the group increases the feeling of mistrust, claustrophobia and especially paranoia. Eric Valette uses a lot of atmosphere, mood and distribution to give life to the plot. In spite of the lack of an obvious budget, he made a brilliant film that feels original, fresh and very attractive. Its subtle and efficient camera work helps to achieve film dynamics despite its unique location, and the slow pace of the film is great to create the heavy isolation and mistrust of the film based on the plot. Very few exhibits of special effects are very well done, and Valette sells quality quantities in the few, but wonderful, gore scenes. Characters are what makes this movie work, and distribution is definitely worth credit. Gérald Laroche is excellent as Carrère, a man at first glance innocent, but hiding a dark past. Philippe Laudenbach and Dimitri Rataud are very effective, especially Rataud in his very demanding role. However, it is Clovis Cornillac who steals the show with his performance as Marcus, a violent and disturbing man who, deep inside, just wants to be himself. Characters are excellently developed and casta makes most of them. The movie is great, but it's not without the fault. Of course, the most notorious is its low budget. Some of the effects of CGI are slightly weak compared to actual makeup and dentures used in other scenes, but it is never too bad for it. Probably bad about "Maléfique" is that it seems to lose a bit of steam to the end when it focuses rather on supernatural black magic than on characters, not much of a bad thing, but the end may seem weak from the point of view of . However, "Maléfique" is one of the biggest horror films that have recently emerged from France and one that deserves more recognition. Valette is certainly a talent to follow because this modest (though complex) story of the supernatural proves to be sufficient for his abilities. Personally, this movie is a new favorite. 8/10
