Besides some titles and the new Sherlock Holmes movie, I think I've watched every movie Guy Ritchie guided. Twice. Needless to say, I'm a big fan and Revolver is one of the reasons why. This movie is a very different approach to Ritchie when you look at him compared to Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. The revolver makes us a psychological thriller as a gambling game that is at the mercy of a set of enemies that she did not expect and a ransom driven walk that she did not know she needed. Together with seeing André Benjamin of Outkuast's fame strut his ability to act, other standout acts are Ray Liotta playing maniacal Mr. D / Macha and Mark Strong plays Sorter, the man-hit. After being sent to jail by a tyrannous casino maker, Macha, Jake uses his solitary time to finish a plot to humor Macha and force his hand to compensate for seven years. When he wins a card game and collects a decent sum from Macha, Jake is on the brink of death when he collapses and is diagnosed with an incurable disease that left him three days to live. A team of loan sharks has an answer for him and a life ticket - only if he gives him all the money he has and falls in love with for them, all in a way that makes Moha get out and shows Jake how dangerous he was doing alone. Together with the revenge of death and a pair of loan sharks who have a day full of money with money, Jake must also deal with a shot on him, which introduces Sorter - a man who hit her under Macha . The depth with the story comes when Jake realizes that some co-condemned with whom he spent time in solitary can be very well the shooting team borrowed to take him for everything he has through crafting all the unfortunate events that Jake seems to be find the way to. When faced with this reality, Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi show Jake how twisted he has become from being solitary, having only his mind and his ego make it their real existence elusive even to Jake. The film unfolds in a humiliating process for both Jake and Macha, while both face their inner demons. The style of the movie is of prime importance, as you get the noisy sense of the world of crime represented and the characters it includes. Although a lot of knots to Ritchie's previous films are here, he still has his own presence in dialogue, sets and experiments on the genre of gangsters. It's also a wonderful journey on humility and recognition when you can easily leave your ego or a pre-defined notion to mask your ability to achieve what you want or to overcome what you need. The characters are well done in this film, all faces being strengthened and, according to Ritchie's style, all are related to some subtleties that cast a key in everyone's business. I could and I want to continue this film and its unique nuances, but I do not want to take too much from it if you have not seen it yet. It could take a few sessions to go through all the complicated layers, but it's a great movie and should be seen. If you're lucky and you have not seen the release released from the US, you can see if you can get the original UK version because it will make a great chat with your friends while trying to make puzzles during your time. with my crew at the beginning of 2006, and we are still talking about the things that we have taken today. She has earned her cult status, and it is well worth the movie in which Ritchie came out of the box and broke the norm. "Standout Line:" You're afraid or cherish me, but please, you think I specially share an addiction.
