OK ... this movie was both criticized and a poster on board (although playing the devil's lawyer, you might suggest that critics are often people who did not do it for themselves as film makers, and posters are often people who they did not do it for themselves as critics), so I wanted to sit in Guy's corner with the magic sponge to get to some people who decided not to see the movie based on how everyone looks to watch down their collective nose of approval to it. The biggest flaw of the film to win broad support is how unexpectedly complex it is. This has been described several times as making the movie "inaccessible" to the spectator. The chronology of the film is relatively nonlinear, and the characters are used not only as a means of story but as a device to show us the subtle (or not so subtle) suggestions of bias that we give to things as we commit them to memory, IE. The character of Ray Liotta, which marks a weapon that says "I'm afraid," is so tragically pathetic (from Statham's POV) or questionable and bold (from Liotta's POT). This is just an example of Ritchie's much mature approach to shooting with Revolver, we have a story that is quite archetypal (the powerful but silent, intruding hero, released from prison, unfortunately in a world of corruption ... I mean, it's painting noir films here boys, up to the vague poetic choice of the dictionary and the sparkling voice), but Guy took this frame to make a series of extreme philosophical and complex points. Take the stage where the character of Jason Statham moves away from a car. This discarded sequence could have been emitted from the movie and would have done nothing for the story ... but Ritchie refers to how such incidents, such as receiving a phone call, can make a difference between life and death. > <br /> So the final act of the movie is awesome, I would have taken it if I told myself that I did not spend the last 20 minutes or so of the movie that I'm going back to my date ... wtf? "... but this is the worst reason not to consider a piece of art." It's too easy if you do not like something because it's hard to understand, and it's even easier to say that "no one else he did not seem to understand it, so it must be a real kind of movie! "In my humble opinion, Revolver is a stylish, complex and mature piece of modern art that should be hailed the same way we would give it If we chose this opportunity to say collectively, "Ah sh * t, I wanted a movie about a bleeding task" gangsters cockney in-nit loll ... Guy Ritchie is a shit! "then the day will come when filmmakers will only be allowed to do what is expected of them by people with depth and starvation. Just because Guy made a name for him with fun, cocktails, does not mean he can not be deep without being "pretentious." And funny people can be careful.
