I recommend families, if possible, to show this to older children. Some of the things in this movie may be too disturbing for the little ones to handle. Now that's okay, let me explain about this movie. documentary of a male fox who at first protects his territory and seeks a partner. Starting with sunrise and musical scores, breathing takes place. You filled yourself better in as many landscapes as possible, ugly later. They've given both foxes and vixen names, but I do not remember what they are for me. I'm struggling with this invading man to win her love. Later creates one day, and the vixen gives birth to four adorable chickens, one of which is blind. There are many happy and playful moments with the fox family, but the tragedy and the bad luck strike too soon. The first victim is the blind chick who approaches too much a high tide and is washed away.The second victim is the mother who while stealing the chick is deceived by a dead chick hanging on a pole.Unknown, a foot trap. As she tries to escape, she breaks her leg, causing her to bleed to death. The rest of the fox family is forced to follow her to die under a tree. the man is now a single father, forced to take over the role of mother and father. He alone has to teach him the skills they need for life. Later it turns out not to be enough when two of the chickens reared now meet a nasty fate on their own; due to the negligence and cruelty of man. I will not spoil the surprising end for you but show the farmer and his dogs near the tail. And it is a well-deserved end after the public and the fox family I wanted to say that I saw this when it first came out in the early 1980s when I had something called Showbiz cable. I was only four when I saw him, but I could never understand why they did not let me see everything. Now I know why, after I watched him secretly when he came to Disney when I was 9. I felt exaggeratedly excited after seeing everything that was going wrong. I was moved to tears. was, serves a purpose. Letting people do what happens to these and other types of animals and why they are endangered. This documentary wanted to receive the message about this endangered species and we hoped it would work. just like Disney's True Life movies, they do not teach why the animals are gone. Closure of the land, killing stopping the predators of the foxes, and the senseless killing of these beautiful animals led to their being endangered. I would have liked to continue this movie (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are being treated better. either a vixen chicken called Teresa and his growing brethren. This film also reflects what happens sometimes to human families, especially when one of the parents suddenly dies. The surviving parent assumes the role of the two and tries to learn important lessons of life. It's not always enough to protect them when they're adults, especially when part of their lives gets ruined. Or fall victim to tragedy. Best around the soundtrack and the musical score I've ever heard.
