Life is not going to be serious for Harry Mitchell, he is an ex-major air force (plus little pension, I think I imagine) that rakking for a patent he developed (titanium and steel melting through the explosive process, super creation the right metal for NASA), and his twenty-year-old wife kept a pretty good break. He has a beautiful swab in LA. I love seeing the visions of the 80s consumer dream, and you have a good piece here, with Jag restored silver (an E type E type) for him, and the wonderful doll houses for her (and "Make sure there are more toys and toy boys." There must always be more, but does not exist? So Harry gets caught in some romantic shenanigans (you are just as old as the woman you feel). and in many noir films, a mistake, in a life without blotting, leads to a descendant arc for Harry, that's where value is for me, great actors who play very credible roles. "Bobby Shy played by Clarence Williams III) is an ex-black cone who is able to perform incredible psychopathic acts to avoid imprisonment and punish those who double cross.Remember Pluto, the black ex-conqueror of the neo- noir "One False Move "(1992) by Carl Franklin. There is a similar motivation I believe. Both men had enough man, and quite a lot, everyone in the extreme. Robert Trebor plays Leo Franks, a fat spider who lives in a nude salon, where ladies can photograph nude models at $ 25 for half an hour and $ 50 for an hour (someone else did not. reduction?). He's overhead and it's great to watch Trebor acting when Leo starts to feel the warmth, the credible breakdown. John Glover wins as Alan Raimy, who is the brain of the plot, a shining man who becomes pornographic and turns into a life of murder, besides the enormous sociopathic. It is sexually sadistic and does some very unpleasant things during the movie, including what I think is a pretty good rape involved (attention to reading the RAP sheet, is easy to lose and read between the lines for the motel scene with "Slim") . Together with "One False Move", though not exclusively, I think the real impact of the film is in unusual violence communication scenes. so good, but I think there is a real problem with the movie. Harry Mitchell is told, at one point, that he has "the title in the blood". My problem is that Harry Mitchell is played by Roy Scheider. Roy Scheider's protagonists never lose, they are safe and smooth, but not in an annoying fashion. I feel obliged to believe that his character is in danger, the film relies on this for a dramatic tension; yet I did not believe. For me, I'm kindly asked to think that Sandra Bullock's character will end up sleeping alone by the end of a romantic drama, or Stephen Seagal's character will be taken by baddies (it happened in a movie, but it was done in deliberately for the shock value). Roy Scheider does not even convince him of adultery, he feels no annoyance with him, his character is covered with teflon. It also felt like a movie that made some cuts. 110 minutes is still underdeveloped: Harry's wife, Ann Margaret, is almost a cardboard cut, an extension of Harry, her back story as a politician going to the office receives little attention. The effect that business has on Harry's marriage is not properly communicated. This may be a problem for Frankenheimer, he is not known for character development. I have never felt that Harry was dealing with a little more than an exorbitant and annoying tax complaint from the IRS. <br /> <br /> There is good content of violent impatience in this movie, but I feel it is in the excellent ranking that Harry's casting could have been made better (no disrespect for the great Roy Scheider). The movie felt short, even with its long running life, and I think it could have taken some more. But you can not even forget the sleaze, like Harry's delicious, perverse scene, taking pictures of Doreen in the nude salon.
