The sopranos are probably the most appreciated TV series ever, so naturally, my expectations were through the roof, but the show went beyond them. I like the genre of mafia and crime in the movie and I like to follow the compelling stories set in these worlds, but that's a lot more. 86 hours of material offers the story of a chance not only to be one of the most thrilling and unpredictable mafia / action stories but also to be a great family drama, a shocking character study, a laughing comedy, a brilliant the psychological exam of the nature of good and evil and an artistic intellectual collaboration of representative dreams and hallucinations, all in one. David Chase's epic series manages to do all this and more, and HBO cines the closest television that can get to cinematic perfection, paving the way for a series of other series to continue to throw the audience away. Realism is present when necessary, but Chase's decisions to move away from it to have an occasional effect on "dream episodes" and the like adds more layers to the series. Chase - along with a strong writing staff, including Matthew Weiner and Terrence Winter, future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire, turn New Jersey into a complex universe full of the biggest characters I've seen on TV . /> <br /> James Gandolfini dominates the show as Tony, one of the most innovative characters on television. Tony adheres to half of the mafioso pop culture stereotypes, but he defies the other half entirely and through family interactions and his therapy sessions with Dr. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco, with whom he has a considerable chemistry that ensures that the scenes of therapy have a feeling completely different from the rest of the show), we see almost every part of Tony Soprano and find out he is more than a man than he expected. Edie Falco fits the power of Gandolfini's performance as Tony's wife, Carmela. From her mixed feelings about Tony's lifestyle, to her suspicions of crime, her torment to Tony's sadness, her own thoughts about infidelity, Carmela drives the range of emotions in six seasons, and Falco makes her the first vehicle for non-mafia viewers to have eyes in such a corrupt world. Scenes between Tony and Carmela offer some of the most unimaginable and painfully realistic drama ever seen on television. The distribution of support is almost as phenomenal, and a wide range of popular characters cast in all six seasons, somehow without layoffs. Nancy Marchand stole the show as Tony Livia's mother, an insight into Tony's personality problems and panic attacks. The familiarity of Marchand's incessant complaints is almost frightening, since it takes the character so credible from far. Michael Imperioli is Christopher, the protector of Tony, whose various choices lead him on a path that is painstakingly watched but brilliantly executed. Drea De Matteo plays Christopher's sweetheart, Adriana, and is so good and loving that the dark bow takes his character because he's too involved in Christopher's career. Tony Sirico is Paulie, introduced as the ultimate mafia stereotype and comic book source, but ultimately becomes one of the most sympathetic and complex characters in the show and no one plays real anger better than him. And this is just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> Famous people such as Peter Bogdanovich, Jon Favreau, Ben Kingsley, Lauren Bacall, Will Arnett, Nancy Sinatra, David Strathairn, Robert Patrick, Hal Holbrook, Burt Young and Eric Mangini make appearances during the show, while names such as Joe Pantoliano, Steve Buscemi and Steven Van Zandt have regular roles as main characters in the series. There are 50 great characters with powerful arcs, and emotion and tension have never been left in any of the different subtitles of the show. Comic elements and full episodes filled with brilliant hilarity dilute the dramatic intensity of the power in the series, which is so multipurpose that for some reason or enough, the credits of almost any episode have left me somewhat amazed. The sopranos are the most powerful and captivating series I have seen on the whole, and her highs are so great that I should call it my favorite show, despite some reasonable minimums (most of which are not agreement). /> Regardless of whether you like or hate the end, or what you make of it is irrelevant: the discussion it has created is an accomplishment in itself. The iconic nature of the whole series makes it an essential part of television history. There are many elements for anyone to love and marvel at this show, so if you think about seeing something else, do yourself a favor and fuhgeddabout.
