Although the "Sopranos" is still a gift from the megahite "Naşul" and the sequels, which have dramatized and, to a certain extent, shined the mafia, the "Sopranos" take another point. There are no classmates with Lake Tahoe houses and stakes in Vegas casinos - these guys are goombahi, with a waste management front, dealing with things that fall behind trucks, bars, protection money - in short , what were around the neighborhood monkeys. <br /> <br /> Colorful characters dominate this series, which does not prevent sexual violence and graphics. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) is a head of the crowd with a wife and two children living in New Jersey who suffer from panic attacks while trying to balance their biological and mafia family. To get to the bottom of his attacks, he sees a psychiatrist, Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who is afraid of him and still attracted him at the same time. Tony Paulie's father, his nephew Christopher, his junior uncle (the head of the crowd), his good friend Pussy - are fully braided characters. As we learn to go through the series, there are enemies not only from the outside, but from the inside, and one of those enemies includes Tony's sick, but horrifying mother (Nancy Marchand), who convinces Junior that Tony is a danger to he. Janice's sister, meanwhile, is looking for money in her mother's home with a stethoscope and a Geiger counter. Tony has a mistress and a wife (Edie Falco) who deals with a lot because she loves him, keeping all the ties to her Catholic religion. "The church frowns on divorce," she tells a woman who was thinking of a break-up. "Let the pope live with him," is the answer. As for Tony's mistress, his psychiatrist shows that Tony is drawn to asking women for whom nothing is enough and asks him if he sounds familiar. Yeah, he sounds like his mom. I am of Italian origin, and yes, I'm sick of the fact that the Italians have shown themselves in a negative light and that everyone assumes that all Italians are mafia. However, you can not enjoy this show, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving, it's not the turkey and the sweet potato pie - it's antipasto, manicotti, meatballs and escarole, and then the bird!) Not to mention the correct pronouncement of words like melenzana (mullinyan), escarole (scarole) , manicotti (manigot), etc. The only non-Italian thing about Tony is that he does not have a finished basement, something unexpected in the rest of my family (except my parents did not have one). <br /> <br /> Standouts in this show are Gandolfini, as a ruthless gangster on antidepressants, Falco, who is brilliant as his wife, and Bracco as tortured Jennifer. But everyone is excellent. If you can take violence and tongue, this is a great show, an incessant portrait of New Jersey's mob life.
