Now I've read some negative reviews for this show on this site and, frankly, I'm scary. For anyone to think that the Sopranos are not Television, then I'm afraid I do not know what the world has come to. Let me tell you something. I started looking at many T.V shows like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even Invasion. But all these shows have lost their mark after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break, which I refused to see because companies took two genius ideas and sacrificed them for more than a season. Then we have the Sopranos. I can honestly say this is the only television series I've ever seen where I was excited throughout the season and, most importantly, all of her episodes. There is no department in which this show does not excel. Let's act - Nothing smaller than gorgeous. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I think his action is absolutely stunning in every episode, after hearing that HBO wanted Ray Liotta to play Tony, I felt it was the best choice, but after saw the first few episodes, I knew HBO did an excellent job of casting James as Tony. The gross emotion it presents is superb. Then we have all the others, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (whom I remembered as Johnny Ola in Godfather Part 2) and my personal favorites Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie Walnuts Gualtieri and Silvio Dante. All of these actors behave to the highest quality, all delivering excellent performance in each episode. Then we have the story, I've never been so sucked in a T.V show before. The story is not at all excellent. Each episode is gorgeously directed, and the score of this show is fantastic. I feel Sopranos are a show I can watch again and again and I can never get bored. It has everything from hilarious humor to brutal violence, yet it is and will always be the best thing to ever talk about the TV and I challenge anyone to find a real flaw in the show. Do not just say too violently or feel that Tony's character is immoral, I mean it's a mafia show at the end of the day, I do not think the characters will be very honest or loyal to God. I beg everybody to watch this show, because believe me, you will be covered by the first episode, I was and even got some friends who first refused to watch the show, they realized. Believe me when I say this show is a Godsend versus the crap that appears on television After watching the first season, you will inevitably agree with me when I once again say that this show dominates the television and no current TV show or the future will ever lift the wonder that is the Sopranos.
