Not only the Soprano stories engage audiences from all sides, but I think (at least for me) what the spectators bring back is the act. (You, Gary, can not contest this statement) James Gandolfini, who plays the lead role, Tony Soprano, became (in the opinion of this spectator) one of the "Hollywood elites" as they act on a television series . I will not go any further and compare it to Robert DeNiro or Al Pacino, or at least not just yet. He, however, make a fucking job, playing Tony Soprano. In 1999, Gandolfini grew so much as an actor (mainly due to his role in Sopranos) that today he is considered one of the best in business. And not only him. "Sopranii" plays a large cast of support, including Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese, and Nancy Marchand who played Tony's mother. At this moment of the existence of the show, it is considered a classic and rightly worship. The first two seasons were extraordinary. Violent and quite frightening in a fairly frequent but undoubtedly extraordinary way. The third season was great, but it did not go until the hype of seasons 1 and 2. Season 4, which ended just before the new year, was the weakest season (or at least, in my opinion ). Despite a spell, I have found it (Season 4 of the "Sopranos") to be more fun than most of the competition, and that's a lot, because lately we have seen a trend in new television shows . Examples of this: Six Feet Under, The Shield, Curb your enthusiasm and OZ (which is not a technically new show but ended with an unforgettable final season this year). However, to get back to my point of view, to consider a better show than all the competition in a particularly bad year, not less, is a great achievement from the writers. "The Sopranos" is above and beyond all the other television shows in its era, and its writers deserve a lot of confidence. To close, I would like to say, "Sopranos" are real people. For the mature average viewer (17 years and over) who enjoys drama and does not mind a mix of little violence and profanity, you may want to check out the "Sopranos" if you have the chance. Believe me it's worth your time.
