It's probably not fair that I have to see most of all the interesting reviews about Soprani and then add what people have forgotten, but well ... From the point of view of acting, how could any actor not to succeed with these characters? Everyone is fascinating and intense in search of life. Tony Soprano - while a lot of "Capo" suffers from mental illness, he still sees his life in front of him and knows what to do to survive. Each of his people, you see their life virtually from the inside as the most true form of voyeurism. It definitely brings out a certain part of "nasy" in every view and I fit into it! While some of the above do not care about Bracco, I have to say that this is the most fresh role she had in the years of Fellas good. She is Tony's part, which makes him listen to reason, which makes him decent, which gives him a respite when dealing with his human emotions that he has not felt so much, if ever. It is simply put down, its savior. (It does not speak in religious tones) But the knock-out performance here is undoubtedly Edie Falco. To see her role as a prison guard in the other HBO series, "Oz" and then see her as Livia is the supreme compliment for any actor or actress. She has crossed the borders of a recognized actress, something that only actresses like Merle Streep can escape. A sort of chameleon quality to overcome roles. But, as I mentioned earlier, with strong characters like these, how can an actor not succeed? <br /> <br /> Livia's power is in the daily affirmation of faith in herself. She is a survivor because she hopes her husband and her family will be survivors. She is prepared for the worst because she knows the dangers of her husband's business, but she knows that the lifestyle she has is more than the majority of women in Jersey. She is wise if she is not wiser and more full of street than Tony himself. Generally, the biggest murder of the Soprano family is that we must wait until January 2000 to see the next season. This is, in my opinion, the worst thing about the HBO series. It was what Larry Sanders performed, Sex and the City, Dream On, and others who have returned to Earth in popularity and eventually killed them. Too much space between the seasons and very sporadic. Until then, I will follow up the re-runs with the hope that this programming gap will be filled.
