I like MIDNIGHT COWBOY and I have it in my video collection because it's my favorite. What is interesting to me is how, when MIDNIGHT COWBOY came out in 1969, it was so shocking to viewers that X was rated. Of course, at that moment X meant maturity. Since I was just two years old when I released the film, I find it hard to imagine how many spectators there were then. However, when I try to keep in mind that many of the topics covered by the film, including prostitution (the title itself was a slang for a male prostitute); homosexuality; loneliness; Physically (and to some extent emotional) abuse and drugs are hard for many people to talk about until this day, I can begin to get a sense of why viewers of this film thought back to its release. It is noteworthy that in the 1970s, MIDNIGHT COWBOY was relegated to a R rating and even if R is still rated, some scenes could be nearly rated PG-13 by today's standards. you want to make a brief presentation of the plot, though it is probably known to almost everyone who has heard of the film. Jon Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck of Texas, who decides he can become great as a New York masculine hostess who escorts wealthy women. He emits cowboy actors like Roy Rogers, wearing a cowboy suit, thinking that will impress women. After being rejected by all the women she met, she meets a bloody con man named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, played by Dustin Hoffman. Ratso persuades Joe to make all sorts of money if he has a manager. Once again, Joe is conned and before long is homeless. However, Joe meets Ratso and is invited to stay in a dilapidated apartment. Without much more of the plot, I mean the rest of the movie deals with Joe and Ratso as they try to help one another in an attempt to fulfill their dreams. I.E. Joe makes a gigolo and Ratso go to Florida where he thinks he can regain his health. I want to make some comments about the movie itself. First, the action is excellent, especially the one that drives. Although the movie is very sad from start to finish, there are some classic scenes. In fact, there are some scenes that, although not intended to be fun, find them funny. For example, there is a classical scene in which Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight walk around a city street and a taxi basically leads them. Dustin Hoffman knocks in the cabin and says, "Hey, I'm going here! I'm going here!" I got a shot from that scene, because it's so typical of New York City, where so many people are in a hurry. Another scene that comes to mind is the scene where Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) to a guy named O'Daniel. What's funny is that at first we think O'Daniel is there to recruit gigoloes and see why Joe is so excited, but then we start to realize that O'Daniel is nothing more than a religious madman. Besides the two scenes I mentioned, I love the scene where Ratso and Joe were quarreling in their apartment when Ratso tells Joe that his cowboy outfit attracts only homosexuals and Joe says in self-defense "John Wayne, a beggar! "What I like is delivery to that scene. I would say that although MIDNIGHT COWBOY was established in the late 1960s, much of it is true today. That's because although the area around New York Street 42 has been cleared as Disneyification in recent years, homelessness is still as prevalent now as it was 40 years ago. Also, many people have unrealistic dreams about how they want to hit it just to destroy their dreams, as was the case with Jon Voight. One thing that impresses me about the character of Jon Voight is how he is the survivor, and I felt that at the end of the film he matured a lot and that Ratso (the character of Dustin Hoffman) had a good influence on him. > <br /> In conclusion, I mean, I suggest that when you look at this movie, you should watch it at least twice, because there are so many things that continue. For example, there are a lot of retrospectives and dream sequences that made me more sense after a few views. Also, what seems to me to be interesting is that there is much in this movie that is left to play, such as what really happened to Joe Buck (Jon Voight's character) and the people who were in his life in Texas. Even the end, while I do not want to give it away to those who have not seen the movie, is rather open.
