This is an excellent example of a good and bad film. No, it is not a high art by any means. Not even the script is close to Woody Allen or Mel Brooks. But so why! The "Killer Tomatoes" series (four movies and a series of cartoons) is, in fact, a good and joyful story on the territory Zuckers led him before making serious footage. As the title suggests, the fourth installment of the Killer Tomatoes trilogy deals with Tommei Killer's plot against France. In this case, Professor Gangrene (the third moment in the role of John Astin) has a plan to lead France through an ancient prophecy about the return of the legal king of France. Steve Lundquist returns as Igor, a humanoid tomato wishing to be an athlete and who happens to be a heir to the true king of France. Obviously, he also plays Ll t K by F, keeping himself happy in French. Opposing them is Tomato Fuzzy (like the others, FT was introduced into the second film and would be the main character in cartoons) and its human allies. Mark Price, recently unemployed, following the end of the FAMILY TIES series, plays a subtly disguised version of himself, going as "Michael J Fox" as a way to win the face of his dreams. And Angela Visser is a dream like Marie, full of joy between unbridled virginity and a limit psychosis. Oh, the former Miss Holland had more of a movie career! Another member returning to Killer Tomatoes is Rick Rockwell (now best known as "Who Wants to Marry a Millionaire?"). As co-creator John De Bello, Rockwell works both in front and behind the camera in this series. What can you say about Jon De Bello? Not much, except that he had a singular vision and managed to get him out and, after doing so, appeared apparently in obscurity. John, if you ever see this, thank you for killing us tomatoes. The script is very aware of the fact that this is just a movie. Just like RETURN OF THE TOMATOAN KILLER, the action falls occasionally from the set and in the middle of the movie crew. And Mark Price has a funny forum complaining about his lack of success compared to his former costume, Michael J Fox. This is the largest budget of all Killer Tomatoes movies and is a nice extras for the series. Okay, the show then moved to Fox Kids as a series of cartoons (which was also smart enough), but the cartoons are not the same.
