I did not think the same at all, but my friend said the first thing he thought when he heard the title "Cowboy at midnight" was a gay porn. At that moment, all I knew about him was the reference made in that episode, "Seinfeld," with Jerry trying to bring Kramer to Florida on the bus, and Kramer was sick and sick of blood. The film was awesome and surprisingly optimistic and not all pessimistic pessimists pessimistic like movies that I can not remember even because they are all stupid. The land consisted essentially of a naive young cowboy, Joe Buck, in New York, trying to be a hustler (a practically male masculine prostitute), believing it would be an easy operation just to hit the brick wall hard when a woman ends up hating HIM, perceiving it for the sexual encounter. <br /> <br /> Then he meets Enrico Salvatore Rizzo, named "Ratso" by all, and those gay homosexuals who always have fun with him. You think of him as a villain, but the lover (such as Han Solo or Lando Calrissian) and, surprisingly, he and Joe become friends, and the movie is so sweet and unimaginable, aiming to be more friendly and so. Rizzo is actually revealing that he is a sad and pitiful man who is very ill and very depressed and self-conscious, he hates called "Ratso" and wants to go to Florida where he thinks that life will be much better and all his problems solved , and he will teach you to be a chef and be famous there. It's harmless looking at Joe doing everything he does to make them both in Florida along with many hilarious moments (like Ratso trying to steal food at that hippie party and catch up with the woman who says, "Gee, well, you know, it's free, you do not have to steal, "and he says," Well, if it's free, then I'm not stolen, "and that classic full-time unspoken and unscheduled where Hoffman is almost hit by that Taxi and shouts" "I do not believe that Joe Buck will become the distinguished and respected actor Jon Voight, and Ratso Rizzo will become the legendary and beloved Dustin Hoffman. It's not the first time they worked together in but the chemistry is so thick and intense, and then there's the sad part I think is a pretty "overshadowing overestimation." Ratso Rizzo breaks through the film all the time, barely walking, barely eating, coughing a lot, get sick he's reaching a point on the bus on his way to Florida. He's doing bad, and only miles away from Miami, he finally dies on the bus. The bus driver assures everyone that nothing is wrong and continuous. Sad, but not in the way it would make you go home and cry and bulge around you as if you had lost your 13-year-old dog. Generally, a great movie. And the soundtrack is almost exactly from "Everybody talks" "played throughout the movie at the right moments. A strange, but awesome move because the song is good and fits perfectly with the movie tone. wonderful, go and buy
