Acidic, unremitting and beautiful, John Schlesinger's masterpiece is no less effective than 35 years ago, when American life was even more disoriented. Perhaps the film could never have been made in history, because so many changes took place in the late 1960s: the final disappearance of the Great West of America, the intensification of the war in Vietnam, and the clash of social ideals that were amazing in variety. Midnight Cowboy is known as the only Oscar-winning film to get an "X" rating, but there is much more in his fame; also goes beyond the norm as a work of art. While this movie (from James Leo Herlihy's novel) has much to say about the erosion of American life, it goes beyond the policy of the 1960s, looking at the hidden links of friendship and dealing with topics familiar to man in all ages. The two main characters, in fact, are standard antibodies - men who have nothing to offer but have a lot of airing about our world. The original focus of "Midnight Cowboy" is 28-year-old Joe Buck, a native Texas physicist, imposed by Jon Voight. In the opening scenes, we are following a bus ride to New York City where he intends to use one of his few genuine talents - the ability to please women - and earn his fortune as a hustler. We learn on his arrival that Joe is ruthlessly naïve to sex. Frozen in cowboy duds and proclaiming himself as a villain, the young Texan walked through his early tricks before joining Enrico 'Ratso' Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sick cone and a miserable thief in the Bronx. Ratso, who is short, thin and limp, proves little help for Joe. He remains fast, and as life grows severe in the winter months, Joe and Ratso shudder in a Manhattan condemned apartment building, weighing a dollar or a square of their name. During this period a strong friendship develops between them, the two men relying on each other to fight against extraordinary chances. Throughout the movie, Joe listened back to previous years in Texas, including his life with Grandma Sally (Ruth White), who served as a guardian; his relationship with "Crazy" Annie (Jennifer Salt), a notorious local girl; and a traumatic event in which Joe and Annie were assaulted by people in the city who wanted to discover their love affair. For a long time, Midnight Cowboy is launching together a wide range of flashbacks, dream sequences and psychedelic images that shed light on the main characters while distorting their environments. For every moment of understanding we gain from Joe and Ratso, there are more questions about their lives. Both men are undoubtedly in tatters; they do not have a clear sense of direction until Ratso falls into disease sickness and Joe finally feels a purpose to be alive. This revelation pushes the "Midnight Cowboy" to its conclusion, a bit hopeful in a very grim story. While Joe and Ratso need some luck, John Schlesinger's direction is clearly outlined and uses the stones of the atmosphere of Waldo Salt's script, which allows Voight and Hoffman to thrive. Their interactions look extremely natural, and the supportive distribution, characterized by Sylvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro and the clique members Andy Warhol, is offered as an essential part of the story. The retrospective sequences involving Voight, Ruth White and Jennifer Salt are particularly impressive in terms of painful treatment of lost time. Anyone who wonders about the psychedelic age is advised to watch this movie thanks to Adam Holender's excellent cinematography ("The Boy Who Could Fly", "Smoke") and Hugh Robertson's ("Shaft") editing. "Midnight Cowboy" works with the soundtrack (assembled by John Barry) as a cohesive unit, sometimes providing music videos for the past two decades. The main song "Everybody's Talking" is sung by Nilsson, who was actually used as a temporary piece during the editing phase. The memorable theme is played by Jean 'Toots "Thielemans." Midnight Cowboy "was released in a two-disc collector edition by MGM / UA, which contains extensive features and comments. Also available is a DVD version of 1998 (used for this review) that provides a dual format wide and standard with an 5.1 Dolby Digital sound enhancement, subtitles in three languages ​​and closed subtitles, French Dabbing, a remanufactured trailer (not the "original" as announced), and an eight-page production brochure. DVDs contain an invigorated version of the 25-year film, showing the original glow. Well, the merit of the three Oscars (Best Picture, Schlesinger, Waldo Salt) and the extra nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson) "Cowboy at midnight" will surely be the place of immortal classics.
