Although I love this movie, I can hardly follow it, it is so real. So I put it tonight and I hid behind my computer bank. I remembered a lot, but I just wanted to see if I could find something I did not see before ........ I did not: because it's so real to me. <br /> <br /> Another "user" written by the commentators ages should be displayed along with their summary. I'm for this! It is obvious that most of these people who have made comments about "Midnight Cowboy" may not have been born when they were released. They mention other films in which Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman appeared later. I will be as shameful: I am 82 years old. If you are familiar with some of my other remarks, you will be aware that I have been a professional female actress for 60 years and I also appeared in the film - you would never have recognized me, even if you Make yourself familiar with my night character. Do you think I know a lot about the characters in this movie? SHOULD HAVE TO DO! .... .... and I'm not a little shameful. If you have not run into some of them, it is your loss - but there is a great chance you have, but you just did not know that. So many mothers, fathers, sons and daughters might surprise you. It should not be a secret Many actors / actresses have emerged from "Cowboy at midnight". Who is to judge? I can name more BIG-TIME current stars, which have been raised on the wild streets of many cities, and have not been affected by the time spent there. I do not judge because they are people, just as we all are - love, courage, kindness, compassion, intelligence, humility: naming the attributes, are all there, no matter what the package looks like. <br /> <br /> "Trivia" about Hoffman actually begging on the street to prove he could make the role of "Ratzo" is a jewel - he can be seen driving his car around Los Angeles - how do you think that he gets his contribution? I can also call a lot of male celebrities who stood on the street and traveled to bars for money. Although the nightclub where I worked for the last 26 years was world famous and famous, I can also name some HUGE celebrities who had to constantly drive their streets down and try to make a pick-up. <br /> <br /> It should not be a surprise today, though it's definitely an action in Hollywood and other big cities and small towns. Wake up and smell the roses. They smell no less sweet, because they are of a different nuance. Some of the "users" thought "Joe Buck" was molested by his grandmother. Although I saw him in bed with a friend, I found no incidence. Believe it or not, kids did not always have their own rooms - because that's a necessity today, I should tell you that something strange can happen in the master bedroom. Whose business? Hoffman would have called for change on the streets, but some "users" show that Jon Voight was not an important star for filming the "Midnight Cowboy" - his real salary would surprise you. I think he was robbed! No one can question the clarity it put in its role, nor did it make a star for such a great work as "Deliverance." He defined a powerful man who conquered the devils and was better for him: few people commented that he was sodomized in this film. The end of the 1960s was one of the first movies to have been so open, but the company has always been hip. I have not found any homosexuality between "Ratzo" and "Joe" - they were clearly opposite, unattractive to each other. They found a much bigger relationship - a real friendship. If you did not understand this at the end of the movie, then you lost your time. "Joe's Confusion," but unnatural devotion was obvious. Yes, Voight deserved an Oscar for this role - one that John Wayne could never pull, and it was just as beautiful in his youth. Hoffman is Hoffman - wait for fireworks. He gave them gorgeous. Wayne took his Oscar. Every character in this movie was beautifully defined - if you do not think I'm still around, you're wrong. "Party"? - Participate in some of the "raves" that young people are attending ..... if you can come in. Look at the lines of people who try to enter the hot clubs - you will see every exaggerated personality. /> Brenda Viccaro was the symbol of social societies of society, who must sometimes descend to scratches. If you were shocked by her brilliant act, thinking "is not real", look at the "ladies" of today who live on the edge of mistrust ... and are admired for her. <br /> <br /> The "Joe" brutality displayed in the looting of the old man, unfortunately, is also a part of life. You do not have to approve it, but it's not too different from any violence. "Joe" intentionally called his goal - in this situation, I would have handed my money faster than she asked. This is one of the scenes that make this movie a break-through, one that I do not forget. I have an incomparable heart for both of them ..... John Schlesinger must certainly have been familiar with this sordidity to direct this eye-opener beautiful-Waldo Salt did not write out of clairvoyance. Anyone who took part in receiving it on the screen must have realized he was making history and should be proud of his honesty. Perhaps "just in America" ​​can close our eyes to unpleasant situations, while other filmmakers make no controversy in presenting them to the public. Do not look does not mean it is not there - give me the truth every time. Bravo! to all......
