It's not a timeless masterpiece that you would have hoped will be based on the appreciation it won, but the 1969 midnight Cowboy is still a power show for two young actors who have just begun will give. Directed by John Schlesinger and written by Waldo Salt, the film seems to be a product of his time in the late 1960s, when American films were particularly expressionist but still cast a spell because the story goes to loneliness and ties that resonate no matter what period. The cinematic influence of the film can still be felt in the unspoken emotionality discovered in Ang Lee's Brokeback Mountain. The meandering plot follows Joe Buck, a naive, young Texasian who decides to move to Manhattan to become a stud-for-hiring for rich women. Fully energetic, but lacking in any skill, he fails miserably, but he does not want to lay off defeat, despite the fact that his finances are dwindling. He meets a sick, cynical thief called "Ratso" Rizzo, who sees Joe as an easy pawn. The two become addicted to one another and Rizzo begins to drive Joe. Things go to a psychedelic party where Joe finally lands a paying client. Meanwhile, Rizzo gets sicker and the two have gone to Florida to look for a better life. This is not a story that will attract everybody, in fact, some people may find their repulsion that a hustler and a thief are transformed into sympathetic figures, yet their possessions feel painfully authentic. the lead role, Jon Voight, is ideally expressed while highlighting Joe's thin paper and deepening sexual insecurity. Like Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman successfully improves his clean, post-college image at The Graduate and sinks into personal degradation and hoping to behave like a strange counterpoint to Joe. The sincerity of their portraits is complemented by Schlesinger's film treatment, which captures live the traps of Times Square at the time. The director also effectively introduces flashbacks and fantasy sequences to fill the character's fragile psyche. The credit must also go to Jump to keep the omnipresent cynicism from overwhelming the pathos of the story. The other shows are just incidental to the main character travels, including Brenda Vaccaro as the woman Joe meets at the party, Sylvia Miles as a matron, John McGiver as a religious zealot, and Barnard Hughes as a single citizen. The 2006 DVD Two-Pack DVD contains an original 1994 original print transfer and an informative commentary from producer Jerome Hellman, since, unfortunately, neither Schlesinger nor Salt live. On the second disc there are three extraordinary characters - a documentary "After Midnight: Reflections on a Classic 35 Years Later", which contains comments from Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as clips and materials Voight's screen test archive; "Controversy and Acclaim", which examines the generation of the original "X" rating of the film and the public response to the film; and a tribute to the director "Schlesinger's Celebration".
