Midnight Cowboy opens with a run down Drive in the theater with the voice-over of the main character Joe Buck (Jon Voight) singing in the shower. Sing a song of cowboy, just what strives to be. Joe lives in Texas and takes her to New York City with a woman's dream and even more money. He dresses like a cowboy symbol, but in a cartoon manner, his friends do not take him seriously. He starts his bus trip to NYC and we can quickly see how dilute Joe is through interactions with other passengers. This is primarily a story about Joe's realization of the realities of the real world. He starts like a very naive southern mind thinking he can do in NYC just for his good looks. He has no other reason to think otherwise, because they have proven useful in the past; we learn this from many flashbacks it has. At first, flashbacks are filmed in a way that portrays them as something whimsical. They are dirty, and the voices sound as if they come from a great distance, as they are, they go out of their past. However, as Joe sinks deeper and deeper into the reality of the tough atmosphere in New York, we see more of his past, which is no longer whimsical, but rocky, filmed in black and white with fast editing for reflect the cruel nature of past events. This is especially seen in his flashback and his girlfriend being assaulted, and she was raped. In one of these flashbacks we see a broken brick building. This reflects how Joe himself breaks down; the naivety he once wore had collapsed from him. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in poverty, barely able to take their food; Joe realizes he can not live out his gaze, that there is a subterranean in New York he does not imagine. His subconscious mirrors the way his real life lies outside. Ratso also serves as a kind of mirror for Joe, but in a different way; Ratso is Joe's foil. Joe is a handsome, powerful man who, for the most part, has a good outside look. Ratso, on the other hand, from the first time we see him sitting next to Joe in the bar, we can say he's the opposite. It is short, dark and always covered with a sweat feeling. He understands how the world works, it is unforgiving, and sometimes, no matter how hard you try, you will fail; as his father did. They live in the same world, the same apartment, but they understand things on a completely different level. The theme of alienation, one common to this era, is very obvious in this film. Neither Joe nor Ratso falls into the culture that surrounds them. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moves to NYC where he is still a stranger. Ratso, who lives in the cold in New York, wants to move to sunny Florida where he thinks he can find a good life. Even though this is his ideal, in the fantasy that we receive from Ratso's perspective, it is obvious that he knows that he will never really fit in society. In that fantasy, he is started by the people who live around him, he is again an outsider, alienated from society. By the end of the year, the difference between Joe and Ratso begins to narrow. Joe resorts to violence; he takes the mentality of this city to get money to fund a Florida escape for him and Ratso. On the way, we see Joe coming out of a store that does not wear the cowboy clothes he never had in the rest of the movie. He's dressed up like someone who seems to be heading for Florida for vacation. He dresses Ratso in the same way; he tire to make them fit into the new society they enter, but it is of no use. After Ratso's death on the bus, their colleagues again see them as strangers. Even in this new culture they have entered, they can not escape the alienation that they have met at every step in this film. Despite the death of Ratso and Joe's continued alienation, the film ends with the hope that Joe will be able to take his new knowledge of how the world works and create a better life than he would have in NYC. Midnight Cowboy is an excellent film about the harsh reality of society and alienation, with Voight's and Hoffman's stellar performances.
