John Schlesinger's "Cowboy at Midnight" is probably the most notable because he was the only Oscar-winning film to have the best photo in the history of the Academy. It was certainly the way I started to hear about it and, to be completely honest, I did not really expect much of the film. This does not mean that I thought it would be horrible, but in a way I did not realize it was a kind of movie that I would love to see. Is that why you do not have to trust your own instincts in such manners? a remarkable combination of star players, ambitious directors and a memorable soundtrack ("Everyone Speaks to Me, I Do not hear a word they say") makes this film one of the most beautiful explorations of life, naivety and friendship ever. Young Joe Buck (newcomer Jon Voight), proudly dressed as a rodeo cowboy, travels from Texas to New York to seek a new life as a male prostitute. Women, however, do not seem willing to pay for their services, and Joe is experiencing extreme poverty because the money supply is beginning to dry. During these exploits, Joe comes to meet Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sickened robber who tries to convince Joe of all his money. When they realize that they are both in the same situation, Ratso gives Joe a place to stay, and together they try to make their life (most dishonest) for themselves in the cold New York metropolis. /> <br /> Joe convinced that women in New York would be more willing to pay for sex; however, his first business deal ends with the guilty payment of the woman (Sylvia Miles) twenty dollars. Though he may be considered somewhat intelligent, Ratso is as naive as Joe. Ratso, with his painful cough and hacking, always ensures that if he could only travel to the warmth of Miami, it would all be okay. This waited expectation that things will improve so easily is Lennie and George's reminiscence of John Steinbeck's classic novel, "Of Mice and Men." Shot largely on the streets of New York, "Midnight Cowboy" is a realistic look at life in slums. Watching the movie, we can almost feel inside Ratso's unheated residence, our rigid joints because of the cold winter. The actor certainly contributes to this ultra-realism, both Voight and Hoffman portraying, on the one hand, the two decades of modern society. In particular, Hoffman has an exceptional role in his role (I'm going here, I'm going here! "), And managed to avoid being broadcast after his much-lauded debut in 1967, The Graduate, both of which were nominated later at the Oscar for the best actor (also nominated for the role of "Sylvia Miles" for an appearance that could not be more than five minutes), although both eventually lost John Wayne in "Pebble." "Midnight Cowboy" eventually won three Oscars of seven nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director for Schlesinger, and Best Writing for Waldo Salt. "Cowboy midnight," though there are many flashbacks that suggest Joe's past. Rather than explicitly explaining these short fragments, the public is invited to think about himself and how these circumstances would have led Joe in the path he is pursuing now. The painful-beautiful final stage leaves us with a glamor of hope, but a great uncertainty. Gritty, challenging thinking and fascinating intense, "Cowboy Midnight" is one for centuries.
