"Midnight Cowboy" has never been a great movie to get started, but it's a classic. You know it's a classic when the insistent song "Everybody's Talking," starts from the soundtrack (not for the movie) and how the room introduces Joe Buck (empty and in the shower). I saw Jon Voight before, but I never noticed him, but when he tells us he's a "helluva stud" who doubts him? This was an extraordinary performance that had the iconic star status as well as a complete understanding of the character and if Voight did nothing else, his performance here would still be legendary. Just as Voight seldom disappointed on the screen; even a piece of ham, also healed, because its performance in that "Anaconda" garbage is a source of pleasure). The film became famous and almost infinite overnight. It was a lot of pleasure, (even with his slanderous end), funny and sexy and admitted "real"; (it was the late 60s and all the characters were true). It was also the first X film to win the Oscar as the best picture of the year. Adaptable (brilliant) by Waldo Salt from a novel by James Leo Herlihy was probably the first American commercial film to deal with taboo issues such as homosexuality and drug use in a real way. Everyone is human, denying and everyone and everyone is treated sympathetically. Joe Buck's voice is an innocent overseas, a Candide who comes to New York to seek his luck as a hustler (a profession he sees as glamorous and ruthless is a cross between a gigolo and a social worker). But when he himself is shot by a scary little man named "Ratso" Rizzo, (Dustin Hoffman, fresh from "The Graduate" and he is a revelation), he realizes that maybe reality is a bit different from the pipe Essentially, is a masculine love story, (though totally platonic), between these two, not so unlikely. Both as a whole and the needy, each becomes the protector of the other (Voight with his physical skill, Hoffman with his understanding of the street). They are helpless from the mainstream, tolerant of their own peculiarities and the deviations of others. Although "Voight" is not outside of a homosexual encounter in a street 42 cinema, with a boy even more lonely than himself. (The entire movie presents a strange "Christian" attitude). It is also magnificent. While Voight and Hoffman keep the screen, there are exceptional veneers from Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles, as well as John McGiver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes, as different clients, while John Schlesinger's direction gives the movie a sense of view of a documentary, as well as a completely detached alien of the American submarine, without any confusion or criticism. Finally, maybe it's a great movie.
