The only reason I knew about Cowboy at midnight was because she was in the top 100 of AFI Critic. For a top 100 is not a well-known film; I really had to look hard to find a copy, I got the DVD version for about half the price. Surprisingly, only M15 + (smooth version) was evaluated. I doubt that many will take note of this review (more like the comment), so I will make it short. <br /> <br /> This is probably one of the weirdest movies I've seen, partly because of the use of assemblies, artistic filming (art) and unusual theme. There are many things in the movie that I still do not understand (I've seen it twice), and that for an emotional confusing film. Filming and acting were great, and it's the bigger characters than the life that makes this movie memorable. The main character is Joe Buck, a Texas "cowboy" who moves to New York to become a male prostitute. He meets Enrico 'Ratso' Rizzo and, of course, they become friends who go through the usual escapades. What makes the movie interesting is that the two characters are so different. I felt that the film did not really develop the relationship between Buck and Enrico Rizzo for the audience to have a real emotional bond, although the end is certainly quite sad and tragic. You probably already know what is going on reading the reviews, but it's pretty obvious from the start. Personally, the movie feels the movie is really exploring the main themes. Lack of humanity (shown by the darkness of the streets of the city, the tenement houses). Most movie characters are beyond the law (a conman, giggolo.etc), but you can not help them like it. Joe Buck is happy because he is so naive and optimistic as we begin to feel pity for Ratso later in the movie. I think the movie was rated so high, because it was certainly a starting point for its time. At the time (and right now), it was certainly not a typical film (quite art). At a time when the cinema was dominated by tired, musical and dramatic westerns, a movie with such an unusual theme as the midnight Cowboy appears. Personally, I have to say that I really enjoyed the movie. The images brought a dreamlike quality. I really enjoyed the scene at the party, the music, the pictures, etc. stay in your mind long after watching. However, as a movie for the sake of love, I missed a little (not my own film style) in thrills. This is a movie to be enjoyed and appreciated, rather than an action-packed action movie. <br /> <br /> Although I would not consider myself qualified to analyze this film, their characters and motives were quite interesting. As far as I understand from flashbacks, Joe Buck was sexually abused by his grandmother, though it still does not seem relevant to the story. He is a happy young man who hinders his darker memories. Religious connotations in the film are also embarrassed. Some have suggested a homosexual relationship between Buck and Ratso, though they fail to see where they had the idea. The theme of homosexuality in general is more than reached in their conversation, and later in Joe Buck's encounter with a lonely old man, but has nothing to do with the main story. from a technical point of view, one of the best films of the decade (with more than 70 years of feeling than a 60-year feeling) and the revolutionary of his time, touching topics that some other films dared to do. While having a simple and sentimental story (disguised by a rough edge) the beauty of the film lies in strange, often psychedelic sequences.
