I sat down to see "Midnight Cowboy," thinking it would be an overrated movie in the 1960s and 70s. Some of my favorite films came from the 1970s, in the same sense as "Cowboy at midnight "(" The Taxi Driver, "" Middle Streets, "Needle Park, etc.), but there are many, good ones who have gained strong reputations among critics for being revolutionaries - unfortunately, a great deal of them does not get stuck today. I feel so much about "Easy Rider". (Although he is one of my favorites.) So I did not expect too much at midnight Cowboy, but I got a long way back. It's an appealing, well-done and well-told tale with some of the best performances of all time. Dustin Hoffman, like Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, gives one of the best - sometimes it's funny (sounds like a cartoon character when he talks - perhaps because of the Lenny / Simpsons link), but Hoffman is completely convincing. Half of the film's budget went to his salary, becoming just a major star in Hollywood. Together with him, Jon Voight is the second, as Joe Buck, "cowboy," who travels north to Big Apple, hoping to become a male prostitute. Soon, his naive paths catch him in trouble and mate with a frightening, misleading artist called "Ratso" - who offers to become Joe's "manager" for a certain percentage of profits. The film is quite long in two hours, but it never seems very long. Some films may have a tendency to shoot, especially some of the films made in the '70s because (as told in "Easy Riders, Raging Bulls"), the directors were the stars of the 1970s and sometimes bit too infuriated with their material, going too long by examining characters / scenes / etc. which are not important. Just about the only scene I felt was too long and useless was the drug party - it makes the movie look extremely outdated (similar to drug odysseys in "Easy Rider") and even hurts its flow because it's not necessary. /> <br /> Besides, "Cowboy at Midnight" is an almost impeccable cinematographic image. I was pleasantly surprised. It has its flaws (flashbacks are a bit sticky and have never been used as it could have been, for example) and some of the scenes are a little awkward (such as gay movie theater sequences) but if you can "Midnight Cowboy" is a really cool movie, uncompromising examination of life on the streets in the late 1960s / early 1970s. It's a depressing film, yes, and today's standards may seem a bit overpriced and heavy in the liberal perspective of "life is horrible, etc." ... but I still love her and, in particular, the extremely moving conclusion will remain with me for a long, long time. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended. One of the best movies in the '70s. (He was technically released at the end of 1969, but I would still classify him as a 1970 film. He also won the best Oscar film, being the first and only film to feature X. R in the call.) 4.5 / 5
