Horror is probably one of two genres in which logic does not always win the imagination. We all know that criminals like Freddy, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface should not be able to sustain the pain they are doing, and they still have to fight for another day. Most of us do not think the zombies really get up from the dead to disturb people and eat their brains. And hopefully at least some people know that when you enter places like Funhouses and old villas, no crimes will be committed against them. Here the imagination actually wins. The horror and most of the films generally force us to suspend our mistrust for a few hours and go with the flow. Usually this is not a problem when I look at the bounces balls that are thrown on George C. Scott's stairs or when they see an unseen force watching three amateur filmmakers in the forests near Burketsville. But what I have to digest (I do not want to come back) is when a movie has a killer like the one in this movie. To give the killer a giant spoiler, it would be fun to watch your own, but it suffices to say that I actually enjoyed this film right up to the final scene when the killer is revealed. There are too many events in the movie that sweat to make it sense that the killer is who he is. But 90 minutes before this point is a well-made, suspenseful, soaked, blood-stained film, skillful with John Hough. If the movie had offered me a different killer, I would have wanted to give it. This may seem like a complete reason to discredit the movie, but believe me, anyone who saw the movie is almost certain he agrees with me. John Cassevetes plays Dr. Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (played beautifully by Erin Flannery) have recently moved to this small town in New England. Cordell is a recent widow, and it is not clear how his wife died. We see several retrospective scenes in which a mysterious woman (supposed to be only his wife) sprawls on the bottom of the ground during a torrential rain. Her face is blood and her eyes are closed. Again, I'm not sure who this woman is and how relevant it is to the story, but she is anyway there. Cassettes, it must be mentioned, it is strange to say at least. Cordell is a loving father, but his love for his daughter seems to be something more than the parent. There are some scenarios that indicate incestuous possibilities. It never comes to fruition, but it seems to be omnipotent, but somewhere under the proverbial carpet. Fortunately, the film does not really explore this element of the relationship, but it makes you a little anxious. Casevettes seems like a cross between porn star John Leslie and big screen James Caan. He has a deceiving smile and a vicious voice that makes you stay and figure it out. But he also shows that he is about to disrobe during a business lunch in every scene. He has only that slim, disingenuous, phlegmatic and anxious way about him. He never seems to have confidence in this movie. I think it is a credit for writers, director and Cassevetes himself. There has always been something that has bothered me about its character from the beginning. <br /> <br /> The story begins on an excellent note as two lovers swim in the local career. There is an old vague change of old and, as we see, something or someone is following them. When the young man disappears to remove something from the truck, the young man wanders in the storehouse just to play a joke. Once there, she is attacked. The young man throws himself to the shed and finds it and is pushed with a board and nails. Hough gives us to help us earn the salary when the young man enters. He looks scary in the room and shows his sergeant bleeding in the corner and then the smacko, the guy gets it. It is a very tense moment and begins the movie on the right note. Also introduced into the confused marriage of a story is a young man named Tim, who seems to have strange dreams of a womanless woman who is tied up in a torture room surrounded by men with shirts covering her face. Tim seems to think that his dreams are related to murders, because every time a crime takes place, he has another dream. Take a quiet and turbulent grandmother, a female reporter and a strong local and local sheriff and you have all the ingredients necessary to create an imbroglio in the small town of Galen. film more people are massacred, but most of the time, males are sacrificed with extreme prejudice and females are raped. This is my first weak (and careful) attempt to tell you that this left me unconvinced by the outcome. It just did not hit the right rope. Incubus is a good movie. It is tense, tight and even most of the performance is very well done. I was intrigued by Tim's dreams and I wanted to know what significance they had in the story and, ultimately, in murder. But when you go through all that was good in the movie, you are still left with your acerbic taste in your mouth. And bitter pills are always harder to swallow than sweet ones. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10 - It could have been new. Sin.
