If you ever have the chance to see Sandra Bernhard live in person, you'd better move on to it. I saw her last year in Los Angeles at the opening of Everything Bad and Beautiful and I still can not believe I was first and I was lucky to see a phenomenal show. She is now in New York with the show and coincides with the release of her stunning stunning, "without you I am nothing." We lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is missing in action, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand continues to wash his head out once, but Sandra does more than he does for the place where Babs leaves. Okay, I want to be known, Mrs. Bernhard is a little of these influential animators and more. I really wanted to push this film for truth, honesty, humor, eclectic song (from Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince) and a script that defines decadence, joy, sadness, and the '80s. In my opinion, many (and even more) comic books have risen, well stolen, so much from this show, if not from Sandra. I will not name names, but come on, people, you and I know who I am. See, the thing is that Bernhard plays by her rules. This film shows, like her live performances, that she is an interpreter who has remained true to the old school of performance as well as pushed forward. His performances recall smoky jazz clubs (during Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), 70 TV shows, intimate cabaret acts and concerts that remind everyone of Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most of the comedies could not even touch where Sandra came from or where I was going from. So here I was, a year ago, looking at Sandra at the Silent Movie Theater, in total astonishment and joy. I wanted to know her after the show, to give her something that meant something to me, which hopefully would mean something to her. But I listen to my copy of Giving Til it Hurts and thank her only in prayer, as if it makes me laugh, making me think, making me FEEL. You can not deny this lady's presence, and you certainly can not deny the hurry on the stage. She's still here, damn it, even after releasing Without You I'm Nothing, 15 years ago. And looks great, by the way. I know this, going from the theater, a member of the audience told another: "VERY VERY ... and still looks incredible ... If you can not live it yet, please see this movie. to see this You wanted to tell me a lot of me, you made me crazy times If you can send me an e-mail, please do this If you do not, knowing that you are still striking it out and will continue to do it, it's enough for me. Come on, people, give up the lady !!
