"Pet Sematary" is an adaptation of the novel Stephen King with the same title. The story follows Creeds - a middle-class American family who moves into a house outside the country. The family is composed of Louis and Rachel and their two children, Ellie and their son, Gage. The house could not be better, and the family encounters a weird old friend, Jud, who lives on the road. He leads them on an old road in the forest on a day when there is a cemetery of animals - filled with a bunch of animal tombs. And beyond, there is a sacred burial sacred Indian temple that seems to possess a strange power. When the family cat, the Church, is killed, Louis finds it appropriate to bury him in the pet cemetery - and quite oddly, soon afterwards, the Church returns to life. But now it's bad about him now, he's not the same cat he's been. And when a tragic accident takes the life of young Gage, Louis decides to apply the same concept hoping to revive his dead son ... unfortunately, he becomes more than negotiated. After reading Stephen King's story, I can say that the book is much better than the movie. Let's not say the movie is bad, because it's not - the book is a bit better. The real power of this film lies in its story, which is both bizarre and extremely original, something the King's tales are usually known about. Script is very well adapted from the story, and while it differs little in some respects, it is a pretty good transformation between screen and page. There are some plot holes here and there, nothing important. Besides, this movie is actually quite scary and manages to do this. There are some really disturbing scenes in the movie and I should say that the flashback sequence of Rachel Zelda's sister is number one. Honestly, this is one of the most disgusting and disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror movie - it's not bruises and bloody, it's just naughty. One thing is certain, that picture will not leave your head anytime soon. The performances of this movie have grown a lot and I really did not have a problem there. This movie is actually on the gorilla side, there are lots of bad ugly sequences to thank all the gobble hobos there, including the shocker of an end. I really liked the way they finished the film, it was sudden and little conclusive, but it worked better in this way with all the things considered. In general, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror movie, recommending those who are fans of Stephen King or just fans of genre in general. The story is the greatest value of the film and it is also a gruesome one. One of Stephen King's best adaptations, I'd say. 7/10.
