Making a book in a movie, following the page page of the page, is NEVER a good idea. When people read the book, they automatically begin to make their own "mental film" about the characters, the places they are in, the progress of the situation. And the opposite of each other's mind is different, so when "REAL" finally comes out, you will always have a ticked segment of the movie audience that is disappointed that it does not measure everything a screenwriter and a director can hope to accomplish is any of his own vision of the movie and we hope to get as close as possible to what their audience expects to see. /> <br /> There is no better case than movies based on Stephen King's novels. When the film captures at least the essence of its stories, the results can be amazing and truly terrifying (CARRIE, SALEM LOT, DEVELOPMENT AREA) or may be what fans think of as a terrible misery (Kubrick's version of THE SHINING, the miniseries for IT and TOMMYKNOCKERS). <br /> <br /> Although it's not even close to being the king's perfect adaptation, PET SEMATARY has so many moments of skin and bone uneasiness that seemed to bleed directly on the screen from the book that you can forgive yourself quite its many shortcomings. For this, we are grateful to director Mary Lambert, video-film director (she also directed SIESTA, not even a horror film, but another strange guy needs to see that you should be on the list ) scenario of the "man-ster" and probably one of the best. Because most of you know the story, I will not make you sleep with too much detail. Dr. Louis Creed (Dale Midkiff) moved his family to the perfect house in the country. Well, almost perfect, with the exception of two minor details: the dangerous distance of an interstate highway in the front and the big cemetery of animals in the back forest. Since Louis is a veterinarian and has a little child for a son ... well, even if you have not read the book, do math. It is a story of the king, after all, so there is no mystery to do that. <br /> <br /> There is not so much the destination that matters here, but the scary one stops along the way. Some scenes that are so familiar from the book are brought to life on the knees that spur: Rachel Creed (Denise Crosby from STAR TREK) terribly reminded of her ill, sick sister; Louis's encounters with murdered mortal cousin Victor Pascow (Brad Greenquist), both before and after his death; trip to the "other" cemetery beyond the pet cemetery. And this third act ... if it does not give you a few nightmares, maybe you should check your pulse. Good performances by everyone here, especially young Fred Gwynne as a well-intentioned neighbor, Jud Crandall, who has the best line in the story that synthesizes everything: "Sometimes the dead is better." The only problem with the movie version is the casting of Louis's son, Gage (Miko Hughes). Knowing that it would be almost impossible to get the kind of performance an elderly child needs to conclude the deal, Lambert and the crew have done everything they could and, unfortunately, Hughes at that time was too damn " sells "his desired role as an evil zomb possessed by demons. This will take you out of the movie whenever it will appear, although the scenes in which he was present is still spectacular (especially the scene of Gwynne's death.) In addition, everything is still as good becomes. CARRIE continues to hold the title for the king's best adaptation as far as I am concerned; but SEMATARY is right there in the Top Five. However, anything adapted to the queen-based screen would be as terrifying as reading the story? It's not possible for SYNDIC ... for now.
