In the trilogy section for Pet Sematary, George Romero (the director of two stories by Stephen King, Creepshow and The Half Half) was forced to direct and then retire. One wonders what he would have brought to the film, while director Mary Lambert, though not really a bad director, does not really bring that much imagination to the adaptation of King's novel about which he wrote the script. There are, of course, very effective, grotesque and surrealistic scenes (mainly involving Sister Zelda, probably more than a creep-out for children if I see the movie), and pouring in some of the roles is dead - perfect. But something feels sometimes lacking, a kind of style that might correspond to the unmistakably royal atmosphere, which in this case is just as morbid as you can without incestuous cannibals rising from the graves thrown in (who knows if save this for his final novel ...) As I mentioned, part of the casting is great, especially Miko Hughes as Gage Creed, the boy who goes from being one of the young children to this part of the horror movie from the 80s as a small monster (I say this as a compliment, of course, especially in scenes that mark a certain scalpel). And there's also a brief support role for Fred Gwynne of Munsters, who plays this old secret man with the correct sub-game and doom tones. And applause goes to who made the makeup of Andrew Hubatsek. But there are other defects in the other casting; Dale Midkiff is good, not great, while his frightened, troubled brother, Creed, and his daughter Ellie is interpreted by an actress who has not worked for me at all. In terms of setting up some cooling sets, only one couple really differs: a thickening of the plot (not to spoil, involves a cool Ramones song), and the first visit to the pet signer (the biggest ), including some mystical miracles that the king had in Shining. It is mostly a very polished steering job, although it could have become even darker to fit the scenario. If it is thought in logical terms (though in terms of the king), it is indeed one of its more efficient works of the period. But it does not add as it should, or should. Still, it's a great little movie.
