Louis Creed, a Chicago doctor, moves into a big house near a small town, since he's going to get a job at the University of Maine. Together with him, he is Rachel's wife and their two children, Ellie and Gage, as well as the Ellie cat, the Church. Soon they met their new neighbor and the old man named Judd Crandall. Judd not only warns Louis and Rachel of the dangers of the highway that runs through their home (which is constantly a way of using large trucks), but also shows a family cemetery company that is located near the house their. Judd begins to talk about the importance of the pet cemetery, but Rachel is opposed to talking about death and spirituality with her children because she has traumas from her sister Zelda's death. In the first week the family in the new house, Louis already has dead people: Victor Pascow, a student who has been fatally injured in a car accident, personally addresses Ludovic's deadly words, even though the two men are foreigners. The night after Pascow's death, Louis feels what he thinks is a very vivid dream to meet Pascow, who leads him to the pet cemetery, and warns Louis not to "go anywhere, no matter how you have long felt it necessary ". Louis wakes up in bed the next morning, convinced it's just a dream until he discovers his legs and bed sheets covered with dirt and pine needles. Anyway, he rejects the dream. Many strange things begin to happen and the Church, Ellie's cat, dies while walking on the highway. Ludovic remains concerned about how he will talk about the death of the Church with Ellie, but Judd, sympathizing with him, takes Louis to the pet cemetery, supposed to bury the Church. But instead of stopping there, Jud leads Louis on a frightening journey to the "real cemetery": an ancient burial temple, used by Micmac ("... Indians ..."). There, Louis kills the cat with Jud's instructions, and Jud says the animals buried there have returned to life. And there begins the real horror story ... <br /> <br /> I personally find this movie very good. It's not the worst of all, but it's one of the best horror movies I've ever watched. The way Gage dies is almost impossible not to remain in your memory, especially since he is a young child. It's great to see Stephen King's cameo as the funeral minister. Of course, there are a few misspellings: How can a rich doctor, with two young children, live in a place where there is a dangerous motorway near his home? How does Gage have no scratches or anything after being hit by a truck? Why does Louis continue to invigorate every member of his family, knowing that all will remain like monsters? Things of that kind make no sense, but I can understand that all horror scenarios need to have some suprareal work ideas. A good thing I have seen in this movie is the need to talk about death with children, regardless of your religion or if you are an atheist and also that avoiding important topics does not help. Because Louis was afraid to be honest with Ellie, confronting her and saying that her cat would not return, the nightmare began.
