The title has many meanings - the boxing ring, where there are differences and discontents, a wedding ring, where Mabel feels trapped, and Jack feels that his troubles will end and the cause of the problem, a ring-shaped bracelet that Bill yes Mabel as a sign of love. <br /> <br /> Former professional boxer, Danish Carl Brisson, was released in Alfred Hitchcock's The Ring. A very young Ian Hunter, who continued to have such a long career in movies, plays Bob Corby, who captures the eye of a beautiful girl, Mabel (Lillian Hall Davis), at a fun fair. It happens to be engaged in "One Round", Jack Sander (Carl Brisson), but that does not stop flirting with Bob. Bob is convinced to go "with one round" with Jack. He goes on several rounds and wins - he's a professional boxer and he and his manager came to the fair to find out if Jack is a fighter as good as they heard. He offers to take Jack and Jack goes out with his hard coach (great Gordon Harker) to make his fortune with the intention of marrying Mabel when he does well. Jack wins the battle and marries Mabel the next day, but the deep attraction I feel between them and Bob is still there. Jack is suspicious and puts everything in his training to fight Bob for his wife. Finally, a boxing movie where the hero does not go on the rails - Bob is acting and doing everything he can to be a champion - if only Mabel acted in the same way! He left it for Bob - and the struggle from the end is a strong one. It's extremely realistic - it's the last 20 minutes of the movie. From being brutal and enthusiastic, Jack is almost eliminated - then between the rounds, reuniting with Mabel, gives him the courage to triumph. The question is why she would have wanted her back - from the beginning she did not think anything about starting an affair with Bob - why would not she do it again? The film is loaded with symbolism. Jack, shaking his hand with the promoter, changes into Mabel's hands, accepting a bracelet from Bob. When Jack puts the ring on Mabel's finger, Bobs's bracelet slips over his arm. Finally, Jack sees Mabel's reflection in a bucket of water, and that gives him the confidence to continue. This is an excellent movie that will not disappoint you. Highly recommended.
