Sometimes I'm tired of reading reviews of some of Hitchcock's less well-known films, because almost everyone starts with someone who says this movie is seriously neglected or is a hidden Hitchcock jewel or a true Hitchcock great or other genic if - people - would - be - watch - that - they would - see - that - this - it is - a wonderful - Hitchcock - movie - etc. So, as I said, I would like to say that if - only - the people - would watch - that - they would - see - that - that - it is - a great - Hitchcock - movie - just - - North - North - Psiho - Back - Window - etc etc Now maybe we are overtaking a little, The ring is no stretch of imagination in the same league with any of the films mentioned twice, but compared to other films on which Hitchcock did in the late 1920s and early 1930s, I really think tha • The ring is one of the best films photographed and interpreted by most of them. As an almost brand new director, there are some breathtaking dream sequences and brilliant editing segments that show that Hitchcock generates so much attention at the beginning of his career. The film starts, among other things, the extremely disturbing performance of an idiot black circus performer (and I use the idiot definitively, the way Stephen King does so often), having eggs and fruits thrown at him by a crowd of people who do not have the most classic white look. I suppose this only illustrates how different different circuses and people were then, but I think it's one of the most hidden sequences in any Hitchcock movie I've seen. The main attraction in the circus is a fighter who claims to be able to beat any man down in a single round, but when he meets the match he is against a man who provokes his authority not only in the boxing ring but also in the ring around his wife's finger. This begins a fun, if not a very tense, challenge for the love of a woman who seems to behave from one person to another effortlessly and without care. (Spoilere) There is, for example, a scene where her husband follows her from the top while she was left at home late at night and, just before entering the building, she is driven back to the car for a kiss. This kiss is never explained, and there is also the fact that even at the end of the period when she turns out to be faithful to her husband, at least eventually chooses, she looks at each other but does not kiss in fact. <br /> <The film is certainly beautiful, even more than a few Hitch movies released in the years to come. There is also an interpretation of Gordon Harker as a coach of One Round Jack, who, in Expressionism facing the stone, reminds me of the brilliant Buster Keaton quite often. Hitch leaves a little ambiguous, but this is a great sample of his early work.
