Sandra Bernhard's Without You There's nothing, the movie released in 1990, followed by stage production outfits outside Broadway in 1988 ... which she and the others refer to as "the show of a woman." "<br /> <br /> There have been several changes in monologues and in one line, and the movie version reminds the story visually, taking Sandra from a fabulous existence as a successful performer in New York, they" summer superstar, "in an illusory, almost desperate existence, back to her home in Los Angeles - her fictional film manager refers to her as adding Sandra back" to her roots at ... luxury clubs such as Parisian Room "Sandra is trying to appeal to his liberal worldview and to her sometimes criticism of American pop culture towards an audience that does not see her completely In LA, she plays in a predominantly black audience, trying to relate her ideas when all these people seem to want is "Shashonna," a stripper Madonna. And even then, with Shashonna dancing at drum beats that resembles those of "Like a Virgin", I'm not a lot to say to the spectator. The scene in the club throughout the movie is dry than a bone. A funny scene to catch is a round audience guy who helps Shashonna get out of his pants. But if she gets down, Sandra does it with style and strength, passing everything, vulnerability ... to the point where she is stripped (literally), pleading for acceptance, yet swimming somewhere in the pool of her own transparent state. Her interracial images with Calvin Klein, Jerry Lewis, Bianca Jagger, Ralph Lauren and (what we think it is), Warren Beatty are fictional and hilarious. Sandra begins her performance at the strangest moment, realizing a quiet but mystical interpretation of Nina Simone's "Four Women", dressed in a mufti and other African clothes, playing lines like "my skin is black," "hair my is wool "tell me" Sweet Thing ". He invests and celebrates the ghosts of the interlopian art in an extraordinarily funny description of the auction for Andy Warhol: "Let Andy have wisdom and sensitivity in the hours and hours of work and work that went into the Indian product ... that they were so fortunate to pay money in all this from Santa Fe. "He expresses the excess of Hollywood, consoling a distracted friend, and then advising him, saying," Sir, if it is Ishtar, I am right now and through your life because it's too rewarding for me too! "Sandra illustrates the expectations of women in the age of feminism. Dressed as a Cosmo girl, Sandra retells the young girl fantasy to become executive secretary and marries her boss. Finally it ends easily: "I will never be a statistic, not me, I'm under 35 and I'm going to be married!" Sandra supports the opening of sexuality in society: "When you touch in the night, feels good or feels real? I say it is real ... Real MIGHTY." Finally, she complains of progressive change in the American Society by channeling disco, Patrick Cowley and Sylvester, and proclaiming: "Ultimately everyone will be funk!" All of this comes in the form of gigantic, wonderful, but wonderful, cabaret performances of the songs written by Billy Paul, Burt Bacharach, Hank Williams and Laura Nyro to name a few. At the same time, Sandra's ideal, fictitious incarnation - the mirror image generated by her - floats around the city, a wonderful black pattern, with red gowns and tight bushes reading Kabala, studying chemistry and listening to NWA rap music. Without You, There's Nothing, Sandra Bernhard explores the excitement and excitement she has just played as a regular guest in Late Night with David Letterman. Her enthusiasm close to her child for shock, exposed in the 1980s, is set aside in front of a subtle glide, and her confidence in materialism and American celebrity turns out to be refreshing. This comedy approach will change Sandra's direction forever and will mark the more mature and personalizing artist to come. If you like subtle humor to the point of engaging in the inner jokes about glamor, celebrity, sex, loneliness, despair and superficial expressions of love and kinship, this film will keep you sewn. Maybe it should not be fun everywhere. Perhaps it is a bit disturbing or even a maudlin for some. But think about the nakedness of the world that Sandra is painting and you will understand how funny and bright it is. But I see without No I am nothing with a friend "I know" because it is certainly more fun in this way. Before you know that, you two will negotiate with Sandra and you will be confused by everyone else.
