The ring was made from the only scenario written by Hitchcock and deals, like many of the oldest pictures, with a triangle of love. At first glance, it seems to be a more cynical update of Cecil B. De Mille's infallibility thematic comedies, but more than that, it is Hitchcock's first truly competent picture. Even if he did not yet use the ideas and motives of suspicious thrillers, he developed at least the tools to create suspense. In addition to being a student of German expressionist style, Sergei Eisenstein's style of editing had an impact on Hitchcock. But here it keeps pace not only with edits, but also with the content of the images. This is obvious from the opening photos, where strolling ride riding terrain shines a good tempo. And like Eisenstein, the style of editing seems to suggest the sound? for example when a second shot of the bell is shot, the sound is almost subconsciously because the picture is so offensive. There is also a contrast, especially with silent films in the US, because Ring is not crowded with too many title books. As much as possible, it is transmitted through images, and Hitch has enough audience confidence to read either on the lips or at least to infer the meaning of most of the character's speeches. And not done by controversial symbolism or overacting, everything happens by getting the right angles and the right calendar, especially with point-of-view images, as well as some powerful but subtle performances. There are, unfortunately, too many obvious expressionist devices (especially double exposures), many of which are useless, but this is much smaller than there is in Lodger. Let's make some honest mention to the actors mentioned above. First, Carl Brisson in the lead role, amazingly beautiful and very talented. In spite of his talent, at first I was a little confused as to why he was given the role to be honest that he looked more like a ballet dancer than a pugilist! But that just shows how much I know, because it seems that Brisson was actually a professional and inexperienced boxer in acting. The play of his rival is Ian Hunter, who will continue to have a long career in supporting the roles until the 1960s. The most pretentious role in Ring must be that of Lillian Hall-Davis, torn between two lovers. She does it very well, however, with an emotional, undervalued performance, and it is a shame that her career has never lasted in the era of sound. And, last but not least, the great Gordon Harker offers a comic relief in what is probably his best role ever. The climate scene of the ring is one of Hitchcock's most impressive moments in the silent era. Martin Scorcese could have been staring at The Ring when he directed the battle scenes in the Raging Bull because his guarding word for these scenes was "Stay Inside the Ring". The fight in The Ring starts with some pretty common photos, but when action intensifies Hitchcock leaves us right in the middle of it, with close-up photos and points of view. Hitchcock's goal seems to have always been his public involvement, and this was crucial in his later career, where the secret of his success has often been to sneak the spectator into the fear or paranoia of the character. deserves more recognition than the inferior but better known The Lodger. It is a much more polished and professional work than the previous picture and perhaps the best of all its silent features.
