/ * The light spoilers * / The path back before the Evangelion was made before Hideaki Anno was an idol and a household name for many anime fans and before Gainax reached status by fanfare, was made Gunbuster. Only with Gainax's Wings of Honneamise at the time, and the famous pants or courses at Otakon, Gunbuster had some harsh acts to continue. It did not make it easier by selecting a genre that has already been done a number of times before, the space operation. Fortunately, Gainax decided to figure out as a six-part FVO (directly to the video). This allows the series to have a greater range of action than would have been possible if it had been made in a movie. This also prevents you from becoming too boring and too long, with lots of unnecessary beats and stuffing along the way. In addition, they have made efforts to stay clear of the tried and tested spacecraft mechanics used in Macross or Gundam and many other popular space works. For one, the shows start to be quite bright, with Noriko in Okinawa High School for mechapilotare. Noriko is the daughter of a ship commander who died in battle when she was still a small child. This makes her life at the academy pretty difficult, as some colleagues start to suspect that Noriko is favored by teachers. The first episode is quite a comedy drama, with a very close focus on characters and school setting. Things are changing quickly when the threat of an alien invasion is announced, and Noriko and Kazumi (the best girl in the class) are chosen to help the assembled fleet. The average size of Gunbuster leaves our female leadership in space, focusing on both personal drama and action. Several other characters are introduced, and some parts of Noriko's past are squeezed again. In addition, the alien threat becomes more imminent every minute, and the Gunbuster, the ultimate hope of mankind, is presented. Intelligent as the writer Okada has been, has embedded the principles of the dilation of time, to refresh things a little. In short, time is moving slower for those who travel at the speed of light. This means that Noriko can be part of a war that lasts almost a century to completion. Also, the dramatic aspect of this is accentuated when Noriko sees her friends back on the bottom, who have aged considerably more than her. Science may not be perfect, but it is presented in a credible manner, even with short SD theater pants, between the episodes in which Noriko, Kazumi and their coach provide a brief description of the scientific principles used in the series. /> <br /> Animation, for a series made in the 1980s, is certainly good. The designs are the 80s retro style, of course, but it has its charm. The animation is fluid enough and the characters' design is beautiful, though the costumes betray some of Gainax's most fascinating fantasies to exploit to the full. The mechanisms throughout the show are pretty cool, with Gunbuster as the ultimate, powerful and vast killing machine. The last episode was made entirely black and white. While it is generally believed (but it is not confirmed) that this was done for budgetary reasons, it gives a completely different atmosphere to the series, which is perfectly suited to the second part. Music is a very typical work space. Too bombastic in places, very generic, and certainly not worth buying. It matches the series for the most part, but it can become quite annoying at times. Tanaka is not really a famous composer, and the only serious series he has worked on is Dragon Half. If you think about anime music of the 80s, you will know what to expect. As the series progresses, the transition gradually slows from theater to space operation in epic battle, but the viewer will not notice this. Step by step drama will be toned and battles will take the front row. Neither is the layout completely left out, though. With the last episode in sight, Noriko and the crew are struggling for the continued existence of human nature, and with the last battle in the blood, some questions are asked to the public about the position of the human race in the galaxy and how far it can go to guarantee self-preservation . While they never responded later, they still have something interesting about thinking. The last episode is very epic, with a beautiful end, but quite predictable, although not all finalizations must of course contain many twists. Again, it matches the series. Gunbuster can sound like your average work anime at first with alien invasions, huge battles and personal drama, and for the most part it is. But it is extremely good for a change. Instead of going for a constant mix of previous elements with six long episodes, Gunbuster shows us a change from small-scale drama to widespread epic heroism. Along the way, we meet some interesting and well-developed characters, whose mutual relationships change strongly due to the phenomenon of time expansion. The show is very written, although it does not tend to slip in some points. Extremely dramatic events and too messy attacks could easily be avoided. On the whole, the journey that Gunbuster takes on you is a very relaxed, sometimes sad, sometimes heroic person. You may not have crushed the boundaries and boundaries of the spatial work genre, but at least bend them a little. Very nice classic anime, but not without defects. <br /> <br />
