This is the second time for A Spy Perfect. I watched 2 or 3 years ago and I liked it. I still like it. It's natural to compare it to Le Carre's big series, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy. Tinker Tailor focuses on spy game play; Perfect Spy gives us the other axis - what kind of person is a spy. There are a number of themes that these films share, along with others of the genre. Ambiguity - moral, sexual, interpersonal - that creates a multidimensional space of true vs. fake, inside and outside, love vs. love responsibility. In a way, these characters are the happiest when they are treated with the greatest hesitation by those they love and respect - "turned" in their various nuances. The theme of parents and father is also important. One of the most exciting characters in "Un Spy Perfect" is Rick, Magnus's main character, probably the father of ersatz. Throughout the story he betrays and is betrayed. A dishonest man who always manages to climb the ladder when he is overthrown, which seems to be imperceptible to what others think about him, asks Magnus every time they meet: "Do you love your old man?" and never, "Do you love me?" He can say that somewhere else, but A Spy Perfect is a love story. Another theme is malignancy. The nature of the business is to turn others - turning them against their government, against their friends and associates, turning them into values ​​and beliefs. In each of Le Carre's films I saw, the spy who came in the cold war, the glass war, the Tinker Tailor's Spy Soldier, the Smile People and the perfect Spy, are turning and turning into the foundation of the tragedy. <br /> <br /> Finally, not so much a theme as an artistic touch - in each of these films there is usually just one shot of a gun, or maybe two photographs that resume the story. Violence, torture, cruelty are always under the surface. We see their results not as blood streams or dank prison cells, but in the objects that Le Carre's characters characterize as they are ineluctably sucked into the moras. If you have not seen the above movies and enjoy a perfect spy, you are in a treatment. I would also recommend the Sandbagger series (Yorkshire TV), the 2nd and 3rd seasons that begin to reach the level of complexity. The IPCRESS file and burying in Berlin are beautiful, though lightweight. For political intrigues try a very British movie, the House of Cards and yes, Minister / Yes, Prime Minister. <br /> <br /> If only a Brit would get his hands on making the Three Kingdoms - it would be a film of intrigue and complexity.
