As a fan of the author John le Carre, I slowly worked my way through his books and adapting them. I found this adaptation of 1987's le Carre's creation at my local library, and I sat down to see him thinking I'd know what to expect. I was surprised to discover that my expectations were overtaken in this miniseries, a beautiful cross between a spy thriller and a human drama. Peter Egan offers extraordinary performance like Magnus Pym, the perfect spy of the title. Continuing in the long tradition of Le Carre's strong main characters, Pym is also probably the best. Egan interprets Pym (which in fact contains many shades of the author Carre) as a forced man to spend his entire life liar and sometimes betraying the circumstance and sometimes just to survive, with the consequence of becoming a "perfect spy." Egan interprets Pym to perfection as a man always on the run, if not from others, then from himself. Only Egan makes the six hours of this ministry worth seeing from his own performances. Egan sourcing is a fantastic cast. Ray McAnally gives one of his most beautiful performances as Rick's father, Pym, who (as Carre told them) relies heavily on the author's father. McAnally plays a man who comes in and out of Pym's life and is one of those responsible for Pym becoming a "perfect spy." In fact, if it were not for McAnally's performance a year later, in a very British race, it would be the best performance of his too late career. The rest of the support is excellent. From Caroline John as Pym's mother to Alan Howard, as an espionage mentor to Rüdiger Weigang, when young boy friend Pym became controller for Jane Booker as Pym's wife, the support distribution is fantastic. Special mention should be made of three young actors who played young Pym (Jonathan Haley, Nicholas Haley and Benedict Taylor) who set the young man who will become the man played so well by Peter Egan. <br /> <br /> Ministerial production values ​​are also strong. As Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy, and Smiley miniseries have demonstrated that these stories can only be transmitted in miniseries. Locations are excellent from locations in English to scattered in Eastern Europe and the US, such as Chris Edwards' sets. Elmer Cossey's cinema adds realism to the miniseries world. However, the pinnacle of the miniseries is indeed the scenario. Screenwriter Arthur Hopcraft approached the work of adapting six hundred pages of excellent novels. The novel was largely (at least in its early parts) autobiographical in the fact that Pym's early life revealed much of John le Carre's life. The script for this miniseries is no exception, as it reveals the development of Magnus Pym from the boy to a "perfect spy". Never miniseries deviate from the purpose of telling a good human drama in the context of espionage. If anyone ever wants proof that a spy thriller can be tense and fascinating without ever having a gun fight, a punch or a James Bond-style car, that would be proof. While the miniseries have six hours plus, they do not waste any time and it is all the better for her. Though it may be too long for some for those who do not have a very short attention here is you have to see. From the performances of Peter Egan and Ray McAnally to fine production values ​​and an excellent literary script A Spy Perfect is one of the wonderful miners to expect to see. It's a fascinating journey in the history of the Cold War, but it's more than that. It is also a journey that John le Carre calls the "secret way": the path of the spy the man who must lie and betray to survive. Just as much human drama as Spy Perfect spy thriller is not to be missed.
