It has been a long time since I saw this mini-series and I am happy to say that its merits have resisted the test of time. <br /> <br /> Most of the "A Spy Perfect" components, the adaptation of LeCarré's best novel, in my opinion, are the top drawer. Among his remarkable aspects are the musical score and the masterful script, the latter written by Arthur Hopcraft, who also thinks the scriptwriter for "Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy" with Alec Guinness a few years ago. > The actors are largely very good, some gorgeous, such as Alan Howard's Jack Brotherhood and Ray McAnally's Ricky Pym. Peter Egan is fascinating to look at because his face changes with every corner of the room. The passage of time and the effects on the physical appearances of the characters are very credible. So much I wondered exactly how elderly Peter Egan was in the movie. The only jolt comes after the character of Magnus Pym is transferred from the very capable hands of a young actor named Benedict Taylor to those of an old Egan, too old, just fresh from Oxford. But this is a minor and unimportant stitch. Egan has trouble convincing only when the text becomes melodramatic and must be emotionally "upset", that is, crying. None of the actors have a very short time with these moments, except for the wonderful Frances Tomelty, who plays Peggy Wentworth for everything that deserves and steals the episode easily. Jane Booker is annoying like Mary Pym. She has a part of the character under her skin, but she often displays amateur petaliness that diminishes her as a tough noisy housewife Mary Pym has. Rüdiger Weigang is splendid as Axel, funny, ironic and brilliant. I also enjoyed Sarah Badel's camp as baroness. The British view of the Americans is interpreted alive in some hilarious scenes. When the pals arrived abroad to confuse Bo Brammell (the MI6 chief), the US contingent is portrayed as empty-headed buffs who seem to have memorized a lot of long words in the Dictionary and freely spit on them with the American jargon and psychologist, much to the contempt of English. <br /> <br /> Humor and sadness are subtly mixed. LeCarré has a talent for mixing disparate elements in his stories, and Hopcraft has captured the melancholy atmosphere of the original, but full of feelings. It's not a perfect production (what is it?) And yet the best of LeCarré Adaptations to get to film or television to date. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended for all spy-thriller lovers and especially LeCarré fans. DVD available from Acorn.
