Tarzan and his partner (1934) were the only Tarzan movie I did not see when I was a child. Too boring. Now I saw it. I saw the monkey man (1932) about a hundred times and keep a copy on my way. It's a remarkable movie. It's almost flawless. However, Tarzan and his colleague (1934) doubt it. It is not harmonic and its parts tend to live a life of its own. The parts themselves are often very good and the sequences of action are wonderful. Big expensive budget. Tarzan himself plays together. Jane dominates. She has grown up and became a jungle girl, so sexy that I tend to forget about criticism and praise him. Good. She let her be deceived by a crock who casts a kiss from her and later kills an elephant. She insists that Tarzan wear a bracelet belonging to her father. Forever. The thing would have split into pieces when he did business in the jungle. Dumbass? Later, someone finds him in the river. Well, he should prove that Tarzan is dead. Some cheap dramas. Brothers who have an obvious interest in a dead Tarzan convince Jane that he's gone. She takes her words and wishes to be taken (in England). Stupid Jane seems to have forgotten how strong Tarzan is, how hard it is to kill. The caravan leaves and Jane goes. Again, a channel. She could easily make the caravan rest for several hours or more, take a few things, and say goodbye to the jungle and her dead husband. She could be smart. They could sink where they found the floating bracelet, check the trace banks. He can fire in 15 seconds and turn around in Liana. Raising tracks should not be too hard for Jane Jungle. He could talk to monkeys and so on. If she gets home in England without doing this, she would become miserable. Jane is intelligent, but the dramatic cheap one brings her down. And why the earth leaves the kidnapper to escape with "I blame myself like you". A punishment to be probably hunting? Nonsense. Fighting, a hard slap and saying to Tarzan would be right. Yet. This film is far from bad, even though the pits are many and often deep. Just leaning back and enjoying yourself. I'm Tarzan and Jane for God.
