I have the entire Weissmuller Tarzan series on DVD (completely restored editions) and I do not get used to watching them. My personal preference is "Tarzan and Matthew", due entirely (almost entirely) to Maureen O'Sullivan's costume and the occasional flash of the genital area, under the leather flap hanging up front. Before someone says that A - She was not really she or B - It was not exactly what it looks like, let me say that I've seen it a long time in the big zoom mode and trust me ... It's she, and she is completely naked under this costume ... many times, especially during the lion attack at the end, a careful watch in slow motion and maximum zoom will reveal that she was shaved, except for a small patch the dark hair covering her labia ... There is no mistake about it at all. As for the swimming scene being a double body in a "leather" suit, yes, it's a double but does NOT wear any "skin" or something else ... again, slow motion and maximum zoom show everything they want to see. Now this controversy has come out of the way, let's move on to the real movie ... I thought the script was very well thought out and written well ... The sequences of action were simply wonderful, though it is obvious a monk riding on the rhino, Weissmuller really fight the male lion ... The use of background shots that were things of the second unit in Africa is very well mixed with the studio and locations in the US making it sometimes hard to tell who is who. Do not weep too much, however, remember that 90% of all movies are fakes anyway, so just relax and enjoy the damn thing with a large bowl of popcorn, a cold beer and a fresh pack of smoke ... your beloved wife is never out of line either ... lol. Oh ... A last word about nudity ... right from the beginning, while white hunters talk about dialogue, keep your eyes on the extra background ... there are some good pictures of nude African girls (obviously shot at the site) behind them. One thing more, the film is not racist according to the standards of the 1930s to the 1960s ... so people who were colorful and portrayed then thought. The tree had not even been thought of at the time, nor would the public accept any of their other portraits at that time in history. Safaris actually used natives carrying their luggage ... and Tiny's character died a heroic death trying to save the white hunters and Jane. In fact, it was not until Gene Autry treated the native Americans and colored people in the West as real human beings who began to see Hollywood think it would be good to do it.
