One year after losing the gorgeous Jane Parker (Maureen O'Sullivan) to love rival Tarzan, hunter Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton) returns to the jungle to have another bath to win the heart of the babe. Mix business with pleasure, too, intend to take an ivory in the elephant cemetery, which is beyond Mutia escarpment, the land of Tarzan stomping. Accompanied by his wonderful wife, Martin Arlington, and a group of supplies to his bearers, Harry finally arrives at the destination (minuscule avoiding death in the hands of wild monkeys and rock monkeys) just to find out that Jane is still infatuated with yodeller- and, worse, that Tarzan refuses to let the hunters take any ivory in the cemetery. Nasty Arlington decides to solve the problems by ambushing and shooting the monkey and then tells Jane and Holt that Tarzan was attacked and eaten by a crocodile. Of course, Tarzan is not dead, just injured; after being breastfed back to health by Cheetah (!), he returns to action in time to save Jane from a tribe of savages who attacked Holt's expedition. , the second film to play Weismuller as a jungle man with a few words, is often quoted by fans as the best in the series; although I prefer the original, I can definitely understand the popularity of the movie: it's sexy and there are some great action sequences! The indisputable chemistry between Weismuller and O'Sullivan is fabulous and leads to pretty stellar scenes, and with both stars wearing bright clothes all over it, there are candy eyes apt for spectators of both sexes to enjoy (despite O'Sullivan much-touted underwater scene, actually performed by a double body, the lovely lady still shows a lot of skin, even threatening to make a "Sharon stone" at a time, while the cloth from the back to a The most exciting moments of the film come in the form of a wonderful underwater battle between Tarzan and a crocodile and the spectacular ending of Jane's attack on lions and natives, but it is saved by her drink his monkey friends and a load of elephants in the process of crushing the lion (once again, violence is surprisingly unpleasant sometimes, though, for my part, there is nothing quite as shocking and vicious pyramids and their pit gorillas from the first film). The cheetah also has a fair share of emotion, walking on rhinos, crocodiles, and big cats, riding on Tarzan's back as he crosses a river and even jumping on a stunt for a walk. Like his predecessor, Tarzan and Matthew suffer easily from unfortunate bad projections, retrospective projection, some ridiculous monkey costumes, more Indian elephants masked like their African cousin, and badly disgusting trapeze swings, but they do not you should spoil the joy of this very fun movie. If not, they are even more fun! 8.5 out of 10, rounded to 9 for IMDb.
