It's hard to believe, but this movie has been denounced as immoral from more than one stunner than any other film produced before the Hayes code of blues. Yes, indeed, the priests actually told their staff that anyone who visited this movie committed such a mortal sin. I do not do that. They had several reasons, as follows: Item: Jane likes sex. She and Tarzan are shown awake one morning in their shelter. It stretches sensibly, and with a coquettish look says: "Tarzan, you were a bad boy!" So, not only did they have sex, they had pungent sex! A few years later, according to the Hays Code, people (especially women) should not have been described as enjoying sex. Jane prefers a guileless, if wise and inventive, savage (Tarzan) to a civilized man, respectable for nine to five years (Holt). When Holt first drinks it with a fairly beautiful dress in London, she stirs a little; when Holt tries to kill Tarzan, and Holt and Jane think she's dead, she's a great interpreter. But when she realizes that her husband lives very much, the attractions of civilization disappear for her. Why not? Tarzan and Jane's relationships are equal: he lacks the "civilized" uncertainty that forces him to assert himself as his wife's head. At boot, he lacks much more "civilized" agitation, for example jealousy. When Holt and his buddy arrive, Tarzan greets both of them cordially, knowing perfectly that Holt is Jane's old flame. When Holt takes her doll in a dress in London and slowly dancing with her to a portable phonograph, Tarzan comes out of a tree and pulls his knife. Jealous? Not. He's only cautious about the strange musical car because he has never seen before. Once it's explained, he's cool. Item: Civilized Holt is dirty. Savage Tarzan is sexy innocent. As Jane enters Holt's tent, Holt descends looking at her silhouette as she turns into a luxury dress. Unlike this, after Tarzan removes her dress, she strikes her in the swimming hole and sinks after her, following the most erotic nude erotic scene in all the cinemas: the couple spends five minutes in a wonderful water ballet. filmed in three versions - dressed, topless and nude - the scene was cut off before the release of the movie, but the nude version is restored in the video now available.) And when Jane goes out, and the Cheetah chimp steals the dress just for jelly, Jane makes clear that her irritation is due only to the proximity of "civilized" men and their hangouts. Where is "universal prudence" so dear to the hearts of seminarians? Nowhere is this place. Another reason why prison saw this movie as a sinner. <br /> <br /> Item: The notion that man is the crown of creation, and animals are here only for the use and comfort of man, take a severe beating. Holt and his buddy want to be guided to the "elephant cemetery" so they can take the ivory and take him home. They want Tarzan to guide them to the cemetery mentioned. Reader, you're thinking, "Chances of fat!" and you are right. He's shocked. He exclaims, "Elephants sleep!" which explains everything. Jane explains Tarzan's feelings, which the two "gentlemen" find ridiculous. Post: Jane, the former civilized woman, is more inventive than the two civilized men she accompanies. Holt and her friend hit her and find themselves besieged by hostile tribes and wild animals. It's Jane who keeps her cool. As boys panic, she preoccupies, raises orders to them, and crosses the guns. Item: Jane's costume is a kind of poncho without anything under. (The original idea was to be topless, with artificial leaves blocking nipples, which really happens in a single scene.) Finally, some men in the cloth complained because the movie was called " Tarzan and Matthew ", rather than" Tarzan and his wife ". No comment! Of course, Tarzan, who was breastfed back to health by his monkey friends, comes to salvation, wanders white hunters and induces elephants from packs and African bearers to return the ivory they have stolen in the sacred place they come from. End. <br /> <br /> So you have it here. A completely subversive movie. Like all the other interesting and complex films about the women (see, for example, Possession with Rita Hayworth and Raymond Massey), which were such a flowing genre in the early 1930s and brought to such a steep end by adopting the Hays Code. <br /> <br /> The vividness of this film is best expressed by the soprano version of the famous Tarzan scorpion. A pleasant touch, which, unfortunately, was abandoned in future productions. Let's hear about artistic freedom, feminist Jane and sex.
