This splendidly-directed fantasy is the second of Tarzan's popular series, unveiled by MGM. It is a first class adventure for many reasons, I suggest - beautiful photo, powerful imaginative qualities, a delightful distribution, good locations of the simulated jungle and a very interesting story. Johnny Weissmuller plays the role of Tarzan, a kind of untouchable mono-syllabic unlike Edgar Rice Burroughs; but he is honest, loyal, courageous and very brave, and must be during this narrative. While Jane Parker, his wife, who was Jane Porter in novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very appealing and lively, but also athletic, where the script demands this quality. The effect of illumination, the spacious and intelligent sets is quite unusual. This is an outdoor adventure filmed on the MGM back-lot that really works. Fabulous Mutir Escarpment is a remote location that allows Tarzan and Jane to live unmoving; but in their idol come people looking for them, emissaries of a civilization that Jane left behind, and in which Tarzan could not really be accustomed to. One is Harry Holt, still in love with her, who, with her friend, tempts her to return to civilization with him; dress and perfume interest, but refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan has to protect her against some wild animals in scenes that look like a humanized King. The group claims to want to hunt animals, and Tarzan agrees for Jane's sake for a little big game trap; but at one point, the idea of ​​ivory and getting a fortune turns the minds of the head of the expedition. Tarzan is shot, left for death; and the group forces Jane to accompany them on an expedition as they follow an elephant dying at the fabulous "elephant cemetery." But they find the area protected by a wild tribe and are attacked by lions. Tarzan walked on an elephant he raised in time to call him; in an elephant scene, she saves Jane and what remains of the expedition, who return home a little richer but much wiser as Jane continues her wild idiot with her new husband. The film was directed by the designer-set designer Cedric Gibbons, and pretty nice. His work and light are the remarkable achievements of this fun and exciting film, which manages to look real despite all its Hollywood flaws from beginning to end. Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Cavanagh is even better before and after he finds it very bad. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry round out a very professional cast. An unusual and well-done fantasy film with exciting situations and some powerful dialogues. Recommended.
