"Tarzan and Matthew," the second of MGM's Tarzan pictures, takes a year after the events of Tarzan the Ape Man. Tarzan and Jane live happily in the jungle, and Harry Holt (one of the first film senders) returns, this time accompanied by Martin Arlington, who was not honored, looking for the ivory cemetery ivory. Of course, a dangerous and adventurous adventure takes place along the way. The first film romanticizes everything - jungle, adventure, romanticism, wild animals and even death. The second film still has a lot of romance and lots of wonderful action sequences, but a more serious tone underlines the action. The characters dare ask questions such as: What happens if something happened to Tarzan? What would Jane do if she were stuck in the middle of the jungle and she should do it alone? While these are probably the questions that real people would ask in this situation, it creates a certain amount of drowsiness, which is not always as entertaining as the prudent-prudent attitude of the original. One of the most enjoyable aspects of this film is the growth we see in Tarzan and Jane's relationships. Tarzan still speaks English, but he has clearly learned some new words from his partner. In addition, their love for each other really bloomed and I felt they really spent a year together in the jungle. Most people think that "Tarzan and Matei" are superior to the original "Tarzan Monkey Man". Personally, I liked the first movie just a little better. The main reason is that the relationship between Harry Holt's and Martin Arlington's team is not as enjoyable as Holt's relationship with James Parker (Jane's father) from the original. Mr. Arlington's character could have been a great movie character, but he plays the role of the hero for the movie too. The film can never decide whether she should like or hate it. (I also do not want to give anything, but in one of the scenes where I ought to hate her clearly, Jane never finds out about these events, so the end is not as satisfying as he could.) All these detractors are relatively minor, but it's still a great movie. Like the first movie, "Tarzan and His Mate" has amazing action scenes, wonderful pictures of wildlife and one of the screens all the biggest stories. If you liked the first movie in the series, this is certainly a sequel to see.
