This was the second series of six "classic Tarzan" films starring Johnny Weismuller and Maureen O'Sullivan as Jane. As usual, it was a great movie in this series; and is probably a film "in the middle" in an evolution that could almost exemplify the development of cinema from the early 1930s to the 1940s. As such, it had a good rhythm, though not as good as the subsequent films. Also, cinema is less accomplished than Tarzan's later films from this series. The stock we saw was of uneven quality, containing granular landscapes and some exposed and exposed scenes. The clear display of the late Tarzan films is missing here. On the other hand, there is only one scene, very early, in which the strange movements of a camera with leaves protruding in front, while the camera supports, showing the safari men who were forcing themselves forward in the jungle, was really near-modern in style, and is in sharp contrast to stationary photos that make up the rest of the movie. Regarding the plot, an interesting feature here was Jane's almost fiction and inconstancy when she was submitted to Martin flirting. Kiss ?? and Jane's reaction, stunned and partly guilty? prefigures something of Jane we see in the future in these movies. Compare, for example, in Tarzan finds a son! Jane's dubious actions deceive Tarzan and give him a boy to his family. Later, she admits to Tarzan that she was wrong. There is nothing so explicit about that, but Jane "returns" to Jane Parker before and in a series of almost repurtinent actions, stripping herself of Martin and Harry's evening dress to drive her away from Tarzan. /> <br /> There was a whole series of representations and sequences that hit me especially in this viewing. , a combination of sensual idiot with always the possibility of approaching violent death. This for me is very much at the heart of Tarzan's experience. I was really surprised by some pretty violent scenes even by today's standards. There were a whole series of scenes that I particularly enjoyed: Tarzan leading the elephants in the Elephant Cemetery Valley; Tarzan being saved by the hippopotamus water death and then groomed by monkeys for health; The cheetah will find Tarzan when Jane and the other men are trapped at the stop; The cheetah, in particular, crosses the river on the log. Final battle scenes of savages and lions on the ground, and wild and monkeys in the trees. Jane, showing us that it's really Tarzan's world, quickly displays her own wood to create a line of fire to keep the lions away. The final series of scenes is splendid: suddenly Tarzan is on stage, throwing savages out of the trees and acting on the lions and calling the elephants to rescue! This triumphant final cry, holding a happy Jane in his arms, with a cheetah dancer and excited by her, is a memorable picture and a summation of Tarzan and Jane's story. On the whole, this is another wonderful classic Tarzan movie. I would recommend this powerful movie to anyone.
