Well, I've heard from somewhere that Ossessione is a precursor to the Italian genre, and a special favorite of me, "Giallo" ... but in fact, apart from the fact that this is a thriller that was made in Italy ; the two have no connection. In the sixties and seventies, Italian filmmakers would get the reputation of destroying almost every successful American film. They did not do it here, but Ossessione follows almost the same story as the American film "The Postman always with rings twice" without giving the author of the book, James M. Cain, so much faith! However, the plot focuses on Gino Costa, a beautiful climber who accidentally stops in a cafe where a woman named Giovanna Bragana is working. She soon learns she is married to Giuseppe; an annoying man of fat that Giovanna can not even touch. He wants their pair to run together, but he is not so keen on the idea. However, fate ends by intervening, and her plan to kill her husband is successful ... Despite the fact that the film loses some credibility because it has not credited the author whose story is based, we must say that director Luchino Visconti implements the noir movie style and, in a way, I really prefer the atmosphere of this film to some of the greatest classics in America's Noir. The story is, as you would expect, extremely powerful and Visconti manages to get good performance from its distribution. Visconti shoots the film a little too much, however, and with a running time of nearly 135 minutes, I felt the story was too thin to justify this type of length. I almost feel guilty about the leveling of all these critics at Ossessione, because it's a good movie, but it's not a "wonderful" movie. The relationship between the two central characters is never explored properly, and it seems that the film is more energetic to distract our attention than to let ourselves into the heads of the characters. There is not much mystery about this plot, because we almost always know what's going on and we do not always focus on the characters; the movie is not as exciting as it could have been. However, it is an interesting view and is recommended for this reason ... although it is not as good as the 1946 version of the same James M. Cain classic.
