This film is a rippled of James Cain's novel, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE. Apparently, the director and the producer have never bothered to pay for this story - maybe the fact that I was in the middle of the Italians' struggle during the Second World War could explain that they forgot to take the royalties into account! Despite this, the film is not even an Italian version of the Hollywood movie. In some ways it is much better and in other ways it certainly is not. The three central characters in this movie are really ugly people. In fact, male and female lovers are a little attentive. Male leadership is quite common except for deep hair (especially on the back and shoulders), and the lady's love is, to say honestly, unattractive. They are a very cry, very far from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. And the sick husband is indeed really obese and loves to walk without shirts - and his American film counterpart, Cecil Kellaway, is certainly better looked for (and probably better than the other two Italian leaders). And this unattractive is generally a reason why I prefer the Italian movie - because I could not imagine a kind of "plate" such as Lana Turner in the middle of nowhere married to Kellaway - I'm 100% sure she would have had dozens better deals! While the sincere Italian wife CAN NOT do much better, and that's what makes marriage actually credible. Part of the credibility of the Italian film comes from the way it deals with sex. The disappointed American film tries to make you think that even though Turner and Garfield are killing Kellaway, they never get to sex! This is quite stupid and totally unrealistic. In addition to the casual sexuality of the film, he is also casual in showing the black side of life - with a crowd of sweaty people, a flying band hanging over the kitchen table and everyone seemed to need a bath. <br /> <Film is also fast enough, compared to the long-lasting American movie. And what is due to shortness is not good. The film does not have much American style and polish - with fatter images, relatively poor orchestration and sets. It's definitely not a pretty movie, but the neo-realist style makes the movie look more realistic. But it can not compensate for leakage in the plot. Many of the plot items in the later American version are missing or are taken into account. And the end seems much less interesting than the American movie - and it damages the whole dilemma of human nature when Turner and Garfield return each other like rats (the best part of the American film). which is the better movie? Well, many of them probably depend on you. As far as I'm concerned, the Warner Brothers movie was simply too polished and too unrealistic (though many enjoy this style and may not like watching subtitled movies) - but it wrapped up a wonderful ending. And the Italian film was much, much more realistic - to the stinging end that seemed too hasty. So, the movie is not exactly great, but I'd like to say that the Italian one is a little better. It's too bad he could not combine the best elements of both movies into an exceptional movie.
