The release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, in 1932, caused a sensation. Maybe it's hard to believe, 70 years later, but the movie had the same impact as the MATRIX, or Lord of the Rings, at a time when movies and radio were the main sources of entertainment. Tarzan became an instant iconic poet, the "noble savage" that every woman fancy and every man wanted to be. The only person dissatisfied with the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, despite accepting MGM's creative freedoms and enjoying the King's royal checks, felt the personalized version of his character (no plan to allow him to "grow") was unfaithful to his vision (he will start a production company and soon will make his own films "Tarzan"). MGM, realizing the value of the newest "star," knew that the sequel should be even more spectacular than the original one ... and TARZAN AND HIS MATE were delivered! The film had an interesting story; Cedric Gibbons, MGM's legendary art director, received a commitment from the studio to direct the sequel before TARZAN THE APE MAN was released, despite the fact that he never directed (the studio did not anticipate the impact of the film and did not believe that a novice director would really count on a "novelty" movie ... and they wanted to keep the Oscar winning boss happy. Gibbons, a talented and imaginative visual artist, loved Hollywood pre-code freedom and decided to make TARZAN AND HATE MATE push the envelope to the limit ... Tarzan and Jane would swim in a swim nude and Jane would appear TOPLESS through most of the movie. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before his death in 1998 that while a double was used for swimming, she trusted the studio and made a few days of sans top ... but has become too big a headache trying to put herbs and fruits strategically to block the nipples and the idea was abandoned (the movie filmed in those days would deserve a fortune!). He made a nude silhouette scene in a tent, pierced her breasts to finish her "swimming" and dressed a revised, jungle, extremely challenging, very thin and open to the edge ... and the cry who will do it would help to "create" the Hays Bureau and self-censorship that will soon swallow the entire industry. MGM shot Gibbons out of production (the "official" motif due to Art Director's workload), and veteran Jack Conway was listed as the new director, critics ... although James C. McKay actually directed the film , because Conway was occupied by three other projects in 2009 (the film has incorporated the best elements of the original (safari, killer tribes, jungle fighters with Tarzan to death to save Jane) and, in fact, Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton), from the first film, returns to Africa for her ivory Elephant Cinderella and tries to seduce Jane to return to England with gifts of silk dresses, lingerie body and perfume. He brought Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), a shot and an angry woman who laughs in Holt's happy quest for Jane and crosses her as a potential "conquest" by any means including the killing of Tarzan, if and when he can escape with it without being seen). Tarzan barely tolerates the intrusion into his happy life with Jane and puts his foot down, refusing to let the hunters in the Cemetery. Arlington finds the opportunity to catch the Waterman himself and shoots him, then returns to the camp with a story about his disappearance. Now, Jane has no reason to stay in the jungle and can guide her to the Graveyard before her long journey back to England, comforted by the sympathetic Arlington. But a wild tribe and terrible torture are waiting for the group ... maybe Tarzan, being taken care of by his monkey family, is recovering in time to save Jane? While the film is being used again on a large scale, the racial stereotypes of the 1930s are obvious and the gorillas are obviously actors in monkey costumes, TARZAN AND HIS MATE reach a level of sophistication unmatched in any other film "Tarzan "as well as a sexuality that Bo Derek's erotic Tarzan, APE MAN could not achieve. Johnny Weissmuller was on top, physically, Maureen O'Sullivan was never prettier and "Africa" ​​never looked more romantic and dangerous. TARZAN AND MATE-L was a triumph (though drastically edited for many years), and remains the classic of the series so far!
