With Iphigenia, Mikhali Cacoyannis is probably the first film director to successfully deliver the sense of ancient Greek theater on screen. His own script, an adaptation of Euripides' tragedy, was not at all easy compared to the other two films of the trilogy he led. The story was very carefully deconstructed from the Euripides version and placed in a logical framework, strictly chronologically, more in line with modern cinematographic storytelling methods. Cacoyannis also added some characters to his film that do not appear in Euripides' tragedy: Odysseus, Calchas, and the army. This has been done to make some of Euripides' points on war, church and government clearer. In the end, Jacobia Cacoyannis's end is somewhat ambiguous in comparison to Euripides' film. "The film was shot in Aulis." The director of photography, Giorgos Arvanitis, shows us a strange but beautiful Greece, from which, from the days of the Homeric days , it seems to have stayed in. Take advantage of the corpses, the arid land, the ruins, the intense light and the darkness, the landscape aspiration fits in particular to the soul of the characters. , enhancing the extent and despair of the landscape, as well as the human scale involved, to the very near, dissecting and deeply scrutinizing the troubled characters. craft, followed by an aerial view of many thousands of soldiers standing on the beach, is a foa efficient communication of Agamemnon's great political and military responsibility. No word, but "sublime," can describe the amazing performances of Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clytemnestra) and Tatiana Papamoschou (Iphigenia). Kazakos and Papas embodies the sublime classical tragedy of Greece. Kazakos' character is extremely low, and his powerful appearance in the camera, more than his words, reveals the incredible torment that tears his soul. Irene Papas is the modern quintessence of classical Greek songs. In Iphigenia, she is terrible in her pain, and all the more so for what we know her revenge will be. Tatiana Papamoskou, in her first role on the screen, is remarkable in her portrait of Innocent Iphigenia, which contrasts with Kazakos' auspicious image of her father, Agamemnon. Cacoyannis is faithful to Euripides in his representation of the other characters: Odysseus is a wily politician, instinctively, Achilles, a narcissistic warrior, Menalaus is centered on himself, obsessed with his honor, eager to be avenged and restore his wife and property. <br /> The costumes and sets are realistic: there is no Hollywood out there. Agamemnon's places resemble a barn, dress like the other, in utility, hand-woven and simple woven clothing. The royal caravan of Clytemnestra is made of coarse wood carriages. The music is composed of the prolific contemporary musician Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis' score strengthens dramatic and cinematic depiction, reflects the psychological aspect of the tragedy and emphasizes its dimensions and timeliness. This film and the story it reveals gives a considerable insight into the lost world of the ancient Greek Thought was the crucible for so much of our modern civilization. It teaches us a lot about us as individuals and as social and political creatures. Euripides casts doubt on the value of war and patriotism, measured against the simple virtues of family and love, and reflects the vulnerable position of women in a world of human violence. In adapting to the tragedy of Euripides, Cacoyannis revises all these themes in a modern, clear and dramatic way. The relationships that govern political machinations are clearly demonstrated: war corrupts and destroys the human soul to such an extent that neither the individual nor the group can function normally normally. With the possible exception of Menelaus, whose honor was affected by the fall of her own wife with her boyfriend, everyone else has her private motivation to go to war with Troy, which has nothing to do with Helen: the thirst for power (Agamemnon), greed (army, Odyssey) or glory (Achilles). And in a real sense, Helen became the WMD of the Trojan War. The war, stripped of all Homeric glamor and religious sanction, was just an imperialist adventure, stimulated primarily by the desire to get a material gain, another being a convenient pretext. Another conflict in the film is that between the Church and the state. Calchas, representing the Church, feeling the challenge of his priestly authority and wanting to destroy Agamemnon for insulting the goddess he serves, tells him to sacrifice his daughter. In the consensus of sacrifice, the king approaches his moral overthrow, but refusing, loses his power over the masses (his army) who are washed away by religion. Of course, for Agamemnon, it's a game. The King must go along with the brigade if he believes sinfully to the gods or not, until he realizes, too late, that he has committed himself to the accomplishment of a perfect philosopher. Is it a sacrifice or a killing and how can we tell the difference between the two? Focusing on the violent and primitive horror of human sacrifice - and, worst, on the sacrifice of his own child - Euripides / Cacoyannis creates a drama that is at once a profoundly political and agonizing personal. It touches a most complex and delicate ethical problem faced by any society: the close conflict between the individual's needs and those of society. In the case of Iphigenia, however, as in the biblical story of Abraham and Isaac, the father is asked to kill his own child by his hand. What kind of God would insist on such a payment? Can it be just moral, even if it is inspired by the divine? Finally, the death of the daughter differs from the death of all the sons and daughters who are sent to war? These are many deep questions raised by a two-hour film.
