Ruth Snyder's crime - Judd Gray, in 1927, inspired Ogden Nash to write a play on Broadway called Machinal. Moreover, he inspired James M. Cain to write two short novels, which anyone actually got to the point where I read this review, would be familiar with - Double Indemnity and The Postman Always Rings Twice. Both have become movie noir films since the 1940s, Double Indemnity being probably the most perfect noir ever made. Some of the elements in the real life of the Snyder-Gray story were caught by Cain - Albert Gray's old age and indifference, Ruth's highest sexual journey, Ruth and Judd's passionate affair, and Ruth and Judd's assassination and double insurances indemnity. The missing elements included that the real setting was a very urban Manhattan - Albert Snyder being a respected publisher. The many incompetent and failed attempts have also been ignored to be removed at follow-up. Cain's Double Indemnity was filmed perfectly by Billy Wilder - let's ignore Stanwyck's ridiculous wig as one of those exciting movie accidents! The postman Always Rings Twice, however, was filmed three times, and Ossessione, the Italian version and Luchino Visconti's first film, was the first of three versions. Before commenting on this, we recommend the Lana Turner - John Garfield version of 1946 in full and five minutes of Jack Nicholson's version - 1981's Jessica Lange for the biggest sex scene on the table. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Ossessione is not as neat as Postman always rings twice. It has a strong neorealistic look that makes it a great movie, but it lacks many essential elements of noir. It has no illumination and unconventional camera angles. The dialogue is not hot and the film focuses more on the characterization. This is the longest version of the story and goes deep in characterization. It's also sexier than the Lana Turner version. We have a very obvious adultery relationship, and Giovanna is obviously a nymph. A new character is introduced into the story - La Spagnola - with very obvious homosexual accents. There is also a small role, but very well played for a dancer who lights up as a prostitute. This is a much larger study of the working class than the crime. The public really gets the feeling of poverty and dirt. The transporter is a complete tramp, the wife is not Lana Turner, and she may even have been a prostitute before marriage. Her husband is an obscene capitalist - obese, rude and arrogant. I think the casting was brilliant for this movie. My only beef is too long. Everything is extracted too much and would have been more efficient if it were more economical. However, noir fans and realism will certainly want Ossessione, as we have done.
