Today's audiences will probably watch a movie like Ossessione and will not consider how unprecedented it was when they left. The structure of the film is truly divorced from the Hollywood conventions as well as other important theatrical elements. It relies more on illustrating reality in a very gloomy and sober light. Films of this kind - the neorealist films - were made to reflect the darkness felt during the Second World War. Ossessione addresses some rather provocative issues that were probably not seen on the screen before the war, including: adultery, conspiracy, killing, pregnancy, etc. In addition to a single crane hit and certain moments of muscular inflating, the aesthetics of the film are very rough and stony: shot on-site, use natural lighting and perhaps non-popular actors. All of these elements helped transmit the problems explored in the film, generating the following theme: Karmic negative repercussions will haunt those who act deliberately immoral. The two leaders "Gino and Giovanna" are polar opposites, but both bear the mentality: we are bored and want to have fun. Gino is a traitor; a lonely traveler who embraces her life and her constant fluctuations. Giovanna is a bored woman, cemented in the marriage family: she does not want to leave her house and husband, but rather stay where she is, because she is safer. Gino's lifestyle represents the ideal lifestyle Giovanna craves; the only difference is that she is too afraid to live it alone - that's why she falls in love with Gino: she represents everything she wants, but she does not have the courage to get it. Wants to live in a world free of monotony to live with her corporeal husband? Gino is the perfect ticket to this world. The business that breaks out between the two most likely left-wing audiences in the 1940s is a little restless. I mean, films that appeared before the neo-realistic age never showed such a scandalous behavior on the screen. To say at least it was probably a bit alarming. In connection with the theme, the neo-realist style helps to show the negative repercussions of adultery behavior. Repeatedly, adultery behavior (as shown in the film) leads to depression and, ultimately, to death. When Gino and Giovanna conspired with each other to "remove" Giovanna's husband, karma gets to haunt them as a plague after the act was done. They return home: the atmosphere is dark and bloody (as can be expected from the neorealist style). They are not happy; are actually more depressed. They thought that, by eliminating Giovanna's husband, they would live happier, but they were deceived. The film ends with the death of Giovanna, being in the karmic similarity of his husband's death. I think this is a very satisfactory end for many reasons. Here's why. There is a lot of discussion about whether or not the evil should be described on the screen, and if so, to what extent. I think the representation of evil is very necessary if and only if the evil described is not glorified, but it rather shows what negative consequences the evil actions have. As Ossessione points out, is adultery and evil killing? I think the film reacts with patience yes! Adultery behavior between the two reveals how unhappy they are. Ironically, however, toward the end of the movie, when they seem to have been cured by depression and seen to be struggling in the other's arms inside the car, the author of the film shows that their happiness is in fact a facade: the car crashes off rock and the river, killing Giovanna; the police arrested Gino. I think the author's intention was to say that although people sometimes try and justify their immoral behavior, karma will eventually return to haunt them. I agree. I think the two have received what happened to them because they were both incredibly selfish, they always wanted to satisfy instantly and did not want to endure in hard times. This was clarified especially after the first sign of difficulty that Gino and Giovanna experienced in their relationship: they can not bear the pressure to live in the shadow of Giovanna's husband, so they leave Giovanna and sleep with another girl. This is typical of the insidious, hedonistic personality. Overall, the movie seemed very risky for his time. The audience, however, was prepared to see such a film because of the patience of the war. Those pre-war films, happy and lucky, did not believe. The film audiences were ready to watch and watch difficult films with complex characters: they wanted to see characters whose lives were embroiled in the so-called "sin" because it was a reflection of their own life problems. Ossessione, therefore, acts as a great catalyst for the future of the film. That is, a lot of pieces of naturalism that we see today can be said to have been influenced by the neorealist film movement.
