When people today hear about a 1940s drama, they seem to create a distance of irony, claiming to be another tearjerker with great seers in the tragic, melancholy roles. This opinion, however, does not resemble neorealistic films, especially that of King Luchino Visconti. OSSESSIONE, after his once debated and crushed debut, as a realistic masterpiece is still loved by some people and strongly criticized by others. The contradictory opinions about the film that appeared in these 65 years seem to have been caused by the content of the film itself, particularly controversial for both the modern age and the past. At the same time, while based on the novel by James M. Cain, Postman ALWAYS START TWICE, is one of the most authentic adaptations of the screen, where the director retains the style, vision, its own art. I saw the movie twice, and the second view led me to a very detailed analysis, part of which I would like to continue below. First of all, Visconti's film seems to touch all the psychology and actions that can make people alive, especially those absorbed by desire. These people make such tragic decisions despite the terrible consequences they have to deal with. Gino (Massimo Girotti), a bear bears traveler, returns to the intersection of a motorway near Ferrara and enters the tavern. Although many people go there to have a meal, Gino appears to get something more - much more: the desire unfortunate beautiful Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a woman already married to an old man who runs the bar, Mr. Giuseppe Bragan (Juan De Landa). Her body and her song have their minds completely and since their first love, the couple plans to get rid of the old obstacles and build a new life together ... However, people are bound to face facts wrong desire? Can someone build love for murder? What is love and what is loyalty? Does the desire lead to a dangerous addiction or even an obsession? Such questions appear intensely while viewing the movie, when the viewer gets a character look to the core. "We must love one another with affection," replied Giovanni, apparently giving a cure all conscience crying, but maybe want to love and heal justify everything? "I did not both want to," one of the couple says ... it does not seem to be. Therefore, the content of the film seems to be very dangerous if it is not analyzed intellectually and with heart. Still, he still thinks it's provocative. Secondly, OSSESSIONE has a very strong point that discusses with modern viewers: brilliant moments and wonderful cinemas that blend in with memorable sequences and visual power. They make a modern viewer realize that a movie made almost 70 years ago is absolutely fun to watch. These range from erotic pictures with taste to pure technical photos. Who can ignore that moment in Ferrara where Gino meets a beautiful girl, a kind of "Perfetti Ragazza" (a perfect girl), a dancer Anita and buys ice cream. His desires show him a totally different direction ... Do spectators remain indifferent to Gino-Giovanna's first encounter? The first focus of the room is on Giovanna's feet, which apparently represents the carnal desire for Gino's love. A miracle of the shot is that Gino and Giovanna leave the investigation room and their shadows, which turn our attention to their suspicious look. Thirdly, OSSESSIONE can enjoy remarkable performance from both leaders and support. Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that working in this film was one of the most difficult jobs he ever did; however, consequently, what comes out is a perfect action. He portrays a bisexual man torn into desires that commit a crime, but can not bear any of the objects that remind him of the victim, who represents the conscience. His bisexuality is indicated by the character of Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo), whom he encounters under very surprising conditions in the train for Ancona. Clara Calamai, who was cast as eminent Anna Magnani, refused, fits her role well and can claim that there is a real chemistry between the couple. They are both very convincing. In addition, I liked Juan De Langa as Bragana: he portrays an old husband who is not affectionate to his wife and still crazy of high art. In some of the wildest moments, he asked his wife to wash behind or walk through the empty streets singing favorite songs of his work as a kind of karaoke performance. In conclusion, we, as modern viewers, who are critically capable, have to look at this very objective film. It is certainly an art due to the above-mentioned aspects, it is a powerful story and due to the controversy it carries; is it educational? Visconti was not Fellini who said he did not send any message to mankind. In this case, his films would only distract (which, of course, is not entirely Fellini's style). Visconti always had something to say. What did he mean here? Is the film against bad marriage? Or is it against the wrong actions of people absorbed by desire? Ultimate shocking moments say for granted. Although you do not have to agree with the vision, OSSESSIONE is really a realistic movie, one of the best 8/10 of Visconti
