A deplorable social state triggers the disaster: a poor Giovanna has reached the trough but has yet another assault in his sleeve: beauty and youth. Bragana, a richer tenant who gets rich for years, takes her out of the street and offers her bed and home along with his clumsy affection. But the physical contact that Giovanna exhibits now gives him only feelings of disgust and therefore does not see a benefactor in it, but a torment he must escape. The arrival of Gino, a young migrant worker, finally gives him the desired opportunity. And you do not have to ask it twice: at the first meeting it gives you the feeling of being physically desirable and a little later lets them seduce her without giving up resistance. the partnership must comply with Giovanna's strict rules. Gino's desire for freedom is suppressed, the desire to leave the place with Giovanna and to start a new life away from fatso is pushed. Giovanna pursues another purpose: to kill Bragana, to inherit and, in addition, to collect the insurance premium. In her hands, Gino degenerates into a slaughter tool. Being completely at the mercy of this woman, he turns into a cold-blooded murderer. But unlike Giovanna, he questions moral crime. Even taking Bragana's place, which includes sleeping in a dead man's bed, provokes profound contempt for himself. Later, after learning about the future insurance payments and apparently seeing through Giovanna's plan, he runs a physical separation from his lover and finds comfort in the arms of a prostitute. <br /> <If Visconti's movie ended at this time, it could easily be classified as a condamatory portrait of a cool, computerized and unscrupulous woman with a slight touch of social criticism. But the last sequence does this carefully constructed by the collapse of ideas. Eventually, Giovanna feels overwhelmed by what she has done, and uncompromisingly revealing her most intimate feelings, manages to inflate Gino's love again. Her violent death through an absurd road accident does not only leave him powerless at the mercy of an arbitrary fate. It also affects us, while we realize that none of the acting characters will be responsible for their disaster. The guilty is just the state of a society that determines the person's path without problems from the beginning. <br /> <br />
