Ossessione, poorly adapted (or as weak or close to the version as I saw by James M. Cain, The Postman Always Rings Twice, with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange, can not be sure) by director Luchino Visconti , less remarkable with mis-en-scene use, music (both dietetic and non-dietetic) and act. I did not know what to expect Visconti to approach the material after seeing La Terra Trema and seeing how sometimes his political motivations slipped a little. But this is a drama based exclusively on characters and emotions, bordering on the melodrama (however, without the smallest conventions) and style in the best way of film-noir motion, Visconti creates a debut that is as implicit as any other neorealist film. Neo-realism could be claimed rightly because it is an ancestor (along with De Sica, the Children are overseeing us), which would take shape after the war. Although love and love are more at stake than some of the most famous neo-realistic efforts, it is approached in a manner of empty bones stories and is related to other familiar themes in neo-realism (inferior class, death , despair). Apart from the story, which is simply as described on this site, the art with which Visconti captures the images, then spreads them with objects (a shawl over Gino Costa's profile when it is guilty), shadows and darkness that tend to overcome many of the later scenes of the movie (usually over Gian and Giovanna), and the sensation of Italian streets in many of the exterior scenes. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who will watch some of Rossellini's and Fellini's films) help portray Ossessione's appearance, which usually moves into a character, then stops reading as much emotion as their faces, voices and manners wonderful and ugly, sad and dark and romantic. I think I just scratched the surface as effectively as the film itself moved, though I was afraid of the future of the two leaders. The two leaders (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) portray all convincing, truthful and almost operative emotions, and the key actors supported are also without their attributes. <br /> <br /> It is a brilliant, crushing adaptation, and looks like a sign of visibility of what was to come for Visconti in his career.
