Watching "Ossessione" today - more than 6 decades later - is still a strong experience, especially for those interested in the history of the film, and more specifically, how Italian directors have changed movies forever (about "Ossessione" "I Bambini Ci" Guardano, "both 1943 and 20 years later with Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini.) Visconti makes a stunning storyline story, taking the (unbelievable) plot of" The Postman Always Rings Twice "as a guide to develop our own themes. It hits us even today as before its time "Ossessione" was. Shot in Fascist Italy during the Second World War (think!), Illustrated scenes and themes that made that the movie is immediately banned in the theaters - and the fact that he used the plot of a famous American novel and did not pay copyright did not help. "Ossessione" alarmingly reveals the rash rewarded by poverty in Italy (far from idealized Italy described in fascist films "Bianchi Telephones"); but is extremely daring in his franchise with Gino ("Massimo Girotti", which certainly precedes Brando's Kowalski in "A Streetcar Named Desire"), taking Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a married woman, to sleep just 5 minutes from the first meeting. We look at the disparaging discouragement of Calamai's material matter and the subtle but incontestable homosexual suggestions between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo - a very attractive actor, his face unlike Pierre Clémenti, who was shot by the Nazis in 1945, 28 years old ...) ... In a few words: sex, lust, greed and poverty, as unusual as in the case of Italian cinema, seldom if ever. All copies of the "Ossessione" were destroyed shortly after its opening - it was called scandalous and immoral. Visconti managed to save a print, and when the film resumed after the war, most critics called him the leader of the neo-realistic movement, preceding "Ross CIttà Aperta" by Rossellini and "Sciuscià" by De Sica. Some other critics, perhaps more appropriate, have seen the Italian counterpart "Ossessione" at the French cinema's "poetic realism" (remember that Visconti had been Renoir's assistant), especially "Quai des Brumes" and "Le Jour se Lève" Pépé le Moko "by Julien Duvivier. <br /> <br /> While Ossessione may be neo-realistic in its visual language (the representation of the wartime pawn war in Italy with its popular fairs, poverty, child labor, prostitution, vagabonds, deceivers, etc.), the characters and the themes were already decided by Viscontian. He has always been more interested in tragic, passionate, obsessive and greedy characters in social / political / sexual apartheid, in the decadence of elites, than in realistic "everyday" characters and themes favored by DeSica and Rossellini. In "Ossessione" we already find elements of drama and tragedy later developed in many of his films, especially "Senso" (the final departure of Visconti in neo-realistic aesthetics) and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli" ... Even in the most "realistic", "La Terra Trema," makes his fishermen rise from mythological figures to daily characters. "Ossessione" is a good opportunity to confirm the theory of great artists whose working skills are analyzing and develops specific themes and concerns from their first to the last, whether the landscape, background or timing can change - Visconti can play with the frame, but with the themes and essence of his art is, well, obsessively recurrent. "Ossessione" should not be missed: you will surely be fascinated by this powerful and powerful film.
