(Some Spoilers) I have not read the novel by James M. Cain ("The Postman Always Rings Twice") on which this film is based, so I can not compare this version of the film, but I have seen and loved the 1946 American version called "Postman"). Even better is this jewel in Italy, which, I read, was "mutilated" in editing because of too many bizarre references to the fascist regime. Well, it does not matter ?? what is left is a good cinematic play, apparently the precursor of the neo-realistic movement in the film. Can you see for sure why? despite any harsh edification, a pervasive sense of social and cultural oppression, as well as personal oppression, remains hanging over protagonists, who are therefore confronted with many limits in life. Consider Gino, who is not well educated, unemployed, and resorts to storing, stealing and conning people to arrive with a pair of shoes so disordered that they are virtually useless. In Giovanna, he sees a way out, yet she should have continued because Giovanna is assaulted by her marriage without love with an older man with some money, with her job (working on her husband's treaty, slapping behind bar and in the kitchen); her sex. In the past, he had limited options and decides to marry anyway with the owner of the gas station (Giuseppe Bregana, played by Juan de Landa), knowing he would not make it happy. She tells Gino that she feels bad every time Bregana touches her. With the pretext of helping Bregana fix his car and send him to the village to buy a necessary part (which he put in the hood) Gino wins Bregana's favor (also promising to fix the pump broken water - symbolizes life or lack thereof) and remains alone with Giovanna. They immediately begin a heated, passionate and yet volatile love business. Gino is soon struck by the relationship and feels the need to go again when Giovanna proposes to remove her husband. She did not want any of her, Gino leaves a city on a train ride he can not afford, paid by another gypsy named Spagnolo, a colleague. For Gino, Spagnolo represents a kind of freedom and becomes friends (Spagnolo also symbolizes Gino's morality and consciousness), traveling and finding a carnival together. Eventually, Gino has a constant job. To delight (not yet in his love for Giovanna), it's been a month when Bregana and his wife go to the carnival, and Bregana convinces Gino to go home and work with them again to have around. <br /> <br /> Too little wanted to resist, knowing that this will bring him and Giovanna together, Gino agrees and returns to the couple. After a while, he gives Gina's requests to get rid of her husband. Once the evil act is done, Giovanna gets colder than ever, seems to have a very low consciousness, while guilt and shame eats at Gino because it hurts a man who has done no harm. How long does it want to leave? he does it again for a short time, they are now inextricably linked and have to face the consequences. Did I like the way the Spagnolo character returned to Gino's life to act as a judge of his mistakes? which was very good and interesting, adding another dimension to the story. While the American version with Lana Turner and John Garfield becomes a bit lost in a swamp of peripheral characters, especially policemen and lawyers, Ossessione feels good to focus much more on the psychological effects of crime on lovers alone. This gives the final result greater potency and makes a strong statement that strengthens the helplessness inherent in the society in which the characters have to live. A minor thumbnail: Time (barely) before love is spoken by lovers, how quickly I kill my husband (there is no unpleasant attempt as in the American version); Gino is very fast-to-escalate relationship with dancers / prostitutes ??? they quickly confess love, and she is willing to risk a lot for a man he just met! ?? all quite unrealistic, is not it? Did I find this problem of time quite distracting? it made me think I probably lost something somewhere. Otherwise, it is worth the time of the visionary. Action and direction have been so good around the world. Recommended.
