Visconti's first feature, Ossessione, is an adaptation of James M. Cain, The Postman Always Rings Twice. Now I'm not familiar with that book or the other versions of the movie, but I'm a big fan of Cain's Double Indemnity (much more than I'm actually Billy Wilder's movie fan). The two novelties seem to be very similar. Both involve a business of illicit love in which a wretched wife complains of a morally weak man that her husband does not value and does not want. Giovanna, the woman in this Italian version, played very well by Clara Calamai, she is not badly incarnated as a double-wage wife, but she seems very spoiled. Her husband (a great interpretation by Juan de Landa) is a bit cruel to her, but she hits me as if at least as uncompromising with him. She's older than she and unattractive, so she's rather unstable. When Gino shows up, a young, muscular man, it takes about five minutes to bring him to bed. She sweats she wants to be with him forever, but she's stuck with her husband. They break out at first, but when they meet again, they (apparently, though this is deliberately vague) intend to kill the husband. They are successful and move back to the hometown of the woman to run the bar owned by her husband. Gino is not very excited about this idea. He wishes to Giovanna, but the only thing he certainly does not want is to stay in one place for the rest of his life. Their relationship is draining rapidly. Ossessione is a very complex film with complex characters. It's always fascinating, but it takes too long. At two hours and twenty-two minutes, I can not, for my life, figure out how long it took! This is partly due to the neorealistic style Visconti had invented in this film. It was, after all, the first movie to win that label. We see a lot of prolonged actions, as they would in real life, without hurrying to the next point of the plan. I've seen many of Visconti's movies and the only one I like is Rocco and his brothers (1960). Its direction is as great as in the past, the camera moves brilliantly, and the editing is perfect. I also feel the need to show the best interpretation of the film by Dhia Christiani as a young (exotic) dancer and half-time prostitute named Anita whom Gino meets after he starts trying to get away with Giovanna . It's just in the movie, maybe five or six minutes, and it's just a few lines. It is shocking how much Visconti and Christiani are capable of doing with this character in such a short time. It's absolutely craving. 9/10.
