Luchino Visconti was a few years ahead of his contemporaries. The great directors of Italy in the 1940s and 1950s were the men who understood the environment, but Luchino Visconti, a visionary, dared to bring a movie to show what he was capable of doing. He clearly shows his genius at the beginning of his career with "Ossessione," a film based on James Cain's "The Postman Always Ring Twice," which was later made by Hollywood, but that version is opposed to what Visconti got it in the movie. Luchino Visconti and his collaborators on the screen included an unbelievable Alberto Moravia, a man who knew about the effect of passion on human beings. The movie was well preserved in the DVD format we recently watched. The film is a must for all serious film fans, because we can see how Visconti's vision translated the text into a movie that sounds plausible, something that did not have the American version. movie, is the intensity that the director received from the key players. Magnificent Clara Calamai does an amazing job like Giovanna, the woman who married an older man, but when Gino appears in her life, all she wants to do is get rid of a good man who has given him an opportunity in life. Giovanna is one of Mna's best creations. Calm in Italian cinema. The last sequence of the film shows Mrs Calamai to the best source of irony that serves as a moral redemption for the monstrous crime that has been committed. Equally excellent is Massimo Girotti, one of the best actors in his generation that appears as Gino, the tiring man who awakens obsessive passion in Giovanna. Gino is the perfect man for Giovanna, which Mr. Girotti projects with such ease and sophistication that was not previously matched on the screen. Mister. Girotti makes a man come alive in a show that seems so easy, but with another actor might not have been so obvious. Juan DeLanda is seen as Giuseppe, the eldest who fell in love with Giovanna. In fact, his character begins to be more real than his counterpart in the American film, where he is seen more as a buffoon. The film is beautifully photographed by Domenic Scala and Aldo Tonti. They gave the film a naturalistic look, as the Italian directors of the time preferred. Giuseppe Rosati's original musical score is perfect. Visconti, a man who loved the work and was one of the best directors, includes the areas of Bizet and Verdi that fit well in the context of the film. Ossessione is a treasure film because we see a great Luchino Visconti at the top of his form.
