Normally, I do not have to write a review for a movie, but the only comment for this movie is pretty unfair, so I feel it necessary to share my point of view. "Krisana" (or as he was called to the theater I've seen, "Fallen") follows Matiss, a lonely Latvian archivist, while trying to learn about a woman she was not trying to stop jumping off the bridge, the reasons for doing so. This is the plot in a nutshell, but this film is not concerned about the story just as much in describing the guilt of a man who has failed to act. As a detective investigating the incident, he does not bother us, as usual, to care about the anonymous faces that we pass every day until we die. Comparisons with Michaelango Antonioni and his "Blowup" will probably abound in any review you read about "Krisana". The influence of Antonioni's philosophical and austere style and the story of "Blowup" are clear and, in fact, writer / director Fred Kelemen makes a clear reference to that movie in scenes where Matiss tries to come to know the woman who jumped off or at least who thinks it did. The only person to share his views on the film distorts the "film of the college" the appearance and sound of the film. He or she neglects to take into account the budgetary constraints most likely faced by an existentialist Latvian film, but atmospheric black and white cinema and ambient sound are at an artistic level to illustrate the loneliness of Matiss. The background sound of wind and street noise gives a threatening aura and reminds him of a Fellini film, whether or not Kelemen's intention was. Producers have undoubtedly had little money, but this constraint is used to the advantage of the film. "Krisana" succeeds as a study of characters with enough humor thrown to keep them from being too serious. He could easily fall into the traps of a mysterious story, but he avoids this and becomes a smart film about loneliness and guilt. If you are more concerned about the plot, this film and the end of it can frustrate you. Otherwise, take time to be hired by it. It's worth looking.
