Each child has a growing trauma and the active imagination of each child has become the best of them, but for Jake (Anthony De Marco of the forthcoming Clint Eastwood CHANGELING - which resembles Henry Thomas about 1982), the combination may turn out to be dead. One single six-year-old whose imagination is hit by high-speed when he's crestfallen to teach Peter's parents (Sean Bridgers, late "DEADWOOD") and Jules (Brooke Bloom , "CBS: Miami") suddenly decides to divorce, leaving it to its devices and unleashing a new tenant? a zombie in his closet. Jake actually receives this seed planted while playing with neighbor Dillon's friend (Matthew Josten), who offers him a print out of the Internet of FAQs: zombies. Jake is so convinced that one is out to take it? and his family? he starts drafting an action plan to protect them before it's too late. India's newcomer Shelli Ryan ?? who wrote and directed? (De Marco is the rare breed of a child actor in which he is a COPIL and does not "act" - all his nuances are very obvious to the strange, shy, introverted child that many can bind and I (surely can) Bridgers do his empathic spouse in realizing that he loves his son while Bloom has a more difficult task to build sympathy that the mummy mother who is quick to emotion over rationality does not help when Dillon Ruth's mother Monette Magrath, who resembles Laura Dern) constantly feeds her implicit information, leading a feather between Jake and her father. Her manipulative character is relatively enjoyable, but it turns out in a revealing scene that I will not go into details but shows (and, more importantly, how she also affected her baby) ./> The subjective photo of the filler is also well-engaged (many angles shown as POV's Jake at the waist level or somewhat shifted, that is, Peter's head-down shot that carries his son in the same position while having fun in the back yard) and editing is relatively impeccable. Ryan based the scenario on growing personal experiences and also confessing the first-hand account of a friend who goes through the same situation and how the affections of adult relationships can be detrimental if they cause their fears, their children. Here the movie has a great success in getting its theme. However, horror fundamentals are a bit disjointed, but the least homage to George A. Romero's zombie films is revealed to love by Ryan (Jake's mother is asleep in front of the TV as NIGHT OF LIFE DEVELOPMENT, provoking his own faith of the strigoes to be in their home). The metaphor of a monster that acts as a surrogate for domestic abuse can be a bit hard, but again, the child's fear of something under his bed is universal.
