CitizenX (1995) is the developing world's response to the Silence of the Lambs. If "silence" has terrified our peace of mind, "Citizen" urges and sadens us instead. This dramatization of the Chikatilo case translates quite well, thanks to a Western friendship between two Rostov policemen who become equal. CitizenX can also oppose (!) The death penalty much better than the life of Kevin Spacey David Gayle (2002). <br /> <br /> People are Machiavellian mammals, under which lies the limbic brain (lizard-logic). Why two children who knew better killed a wounded kid with a stone? Why are the blood-thirsty women crying for the acts of OBSCENE terrorism? - My own term for this is "limbic domination", the lizard-logic logic to dominate an "enemy". If you have the word "enemy" / "revenge" in your vocabulary, you are easily capable of "language domination". In the 80's Rostov War (located at the mouth of the Don River near the Black Sea, nothing suppressed Andrei Chikatilo's desire to "dominate limbic" from burdening its layers of civilization.) Chikatilo's light casualties (Jeffrey DeMunn) they were sinners, usually children, who traveled by interurban train for fun because they could not afford anything else. "CitizenX reminds us that the denial of a Soviet exaggerated bureaucracy cost the lives of 52 such" lambs. "Rostov's serial kidnapper he has traveled for free for almost seven years after the police arrested and let him leave. The politicization of the fight against crime is damaging to the police forces everywhere, although police usually suffer corruption throughout the world, in the West, grabbing votes politicians can create chronic cross-agency rivalries, ruining a more coordinated response to crime. However, in Union Sovi ethics of CitizenX, Viktor Burakov's murder department (Stephen Rea) suffered from a repressive bureaucracy. Geoffrey DeMunn interprets Chikatilo psychologically inadequate with an ingenious but undervalued authority - a complete obscurity. In real life, Chikatilo had an experience of mixing life and avoiding capture. On the other hand, his pursuer collapses like a strange bird, given by naive outbursts. Maybe through design, Stephen Rea gives a very strange performance as Burakov chief of medicine. Russian emphasis on Rea is impenetrable; and Burakov is humorous and frightening, in contradiction with everyone. So it's Donald Sutherland who goes with the picture. Colonel Fetisov from Sutherland, the head of Burakov and, initially, his only supporter, is a worried Militia, whose worthy journey confesses his decades of bureaucratic makeup. Reauding him as a logical policeman and still passionate becomes the idealism of the film. Joss Ackland makes another rebellion as a vicious apparatchik, secretary of communist ideology Bondarchuk, who oversees the investigation. Of course, he removed the arrest of the most likely suspect, a Communist, in 1984, a man wearing a rope and a knife in the purse, supposedly went home: Andrei Chikatilo. Soon, he replaced Burakov with another detective in Moscow, Detective Gorbunov (John Wood), insisting that the investigation now focuses on "known homosexuals." The funniest scene of this sad and sad film comes during the institutionalized harassment of Bondarchuk & Gorbunov: a stupid policeman earnestly reports: "As I suspected, Comrade, it is about prostitution, I made some drawings with lashings. after the bodies began to gather, the police finally tried to ask for criminal profiles in 1987. The only cooperating Soviet psychiatrist was Dr. Aleksandr Bukhanovsky (Max Von Sydow), who named UNSUB "CitizenX". Later, he also noticed Fetisov & Burakov that "together you make a wonderful person." We compete. "The rhythm, spread over a decade, perfectly captures the institutional inertia of Glasnost - the" opening "- which was not The contrast with Perestroika - "restructuring" - could not have been greater for the case. Although Chikatilo was still looking for railway stations, the police plans were to bear fruit. Mr. Fetisov was quickly promoted to general. His Nemesis Bondarchuk disappeared from the scene, allowing the investigation to take place without political interference. Staff, communication, advertising - all of them were available. In one telephoning night, Fetisov accessed the head of depressive criminal medicine at the Quantico FBI Crime Operation Force, where Fetisov discovered that staff are routed regularly from serial killers to prevent psychological harm of the investigators. Fetisov advises his forensic chief, now "Colonel" Burakov, to make all these changes in a confessional avalanche that becomes the scene of the hydrographic basin of the film. Fetisov's is the most bidding excuse I have ever seen in the film, "I personally give my deepest apologies to you and your wife. I hope one day you can forgive my ignorance," he almost whispers. An HBO production, CitizenX is a high-end movie. Not only is the exterior look authentic (shot exclusively in the most spoiled parts of Budapest, otherwise spectacular), but Randy Edelman's soundtrack is totally overwhelming - and often our only respite from bleak brutality. Those who speak Hungarian will recognize many Hungarian accents and credits. Chikatilo's real killing is described as an aberrant and impatient behavior, born out of character flaws and ignorance in an equally ghastly world. This makes crimes not entirely out of place, but of course they were. As President Kennedy reminded us, "We all cherish the future of our children." CitizenX perfectly communicates that killing is more upset and more obscene than any fancy revenge might involve. Violent violence on races to dominate; serial killers kill to dominate. So do some soldiers. Such "limb dominions" make poor people. <br /> <br /> WARNING-SPOILER: ----------------------------- --------- --------- Real Andrei Chikatilo was the most prolific serial killer. Convicted, he was executed in 1992 in the way that all the death sentences of the Soviet Union were condemned: a single blow, in the back of his head. Nonsense, such methods destroy any possibility of studying a deviant brain after death. Conclusion: ------------------------- The best result is always crime prevention, not prosecution. Executions only guarantee society's failure to learn from the complex reality of victims' deaths when we send even anecdotal evidence about HOW / WHY they have died. Neither the killers teach regret if they are dead. Vengeance does not kill the victims. Baying for the murderer's blood is nothing better than counter-domination - once it's too late. Revenge in the name of mourning is not right for the deceased - it is the despise of the living. / 10)
