Warning: May contain spoilers ... <br /> <br /> I saw this movie 3 times and I liked it every time. When I see it again, I always remember how good it is. An HBO TV movie - very well done like most of their films - would have achieved Oscar for his performance if it had been released for general distribution instead of being made for television. anyone knows from reading other reviews here, this is the story of serial killer, Andrei Chikatilo. He killed 56 people aged over 8 in the former Soviet Union. (3 victims were buried and could not be found, so he was sentenced for only 52 out of 53 crimes.) The story focuses more on forensic analyst Victor Burakov played to perfection by Stephen Rea. A man who becomes tortured and obsessed with finding this killer, despite the hurdles of party hacks, is essential to being sure. There is a very moving scene at the end of the film, which mentions how in America, investigators are usually exempt from serial murder cases after 18 months, whether or not they wish to do it because of mental distress and frustration. According to this document, Burakov worked for more than 5 years before getting his first break. He followed the case to his conclusion three years later. In this scene, General Fetisov, played by Donald Sutherland, tells him that he admires his dedication and apologizes for not knowing he should have given him a break earlier. Rea's performance is so good he does, does not bother, chew or scares anything that distracts attention from the portrait of a man who wants to find his killer. He is a passionate man, but he does not look it the same way he is usually featured in detective movies. He only occasional outbursts after he has quietly done more than most could have been in such circumstances. Rea makes so much to face, eyes, does not need to survive. He is just * - His character so frustrated for so long, at a certain point determined by frustration, he says he prefers to find 3 more at a time than none in a year. Of course, what he means does not mean he wants more people to die, he just wants some clues to catch this man. Rea makes us feel for this man. It makes us understand, but let's see what it means to live with such horror and futility. A mutant to be sure that Chikatilo's childhood was the one that produces such "monsters". The character of Chikatilo is very well done by Jeffrey DeMunn. He, in some way (impossible, though it seems) gives birth to a sympathy for himself. Perhaps he is the worst of us terribly wrong? However, its performance is very well done. Donald Sutherland as Colonel Fetisov (later promoted to the general) also does a wonderful job. He starts to look like a cynical official in the world who does not seem much interested in helping the investigation than anyone else who blocks Burakov. But, ultimately, he becomes more than an assistant, he actually participates in helping Burakov. There is also a very nice tower by Max Von Sydow as psychiatrist brought to help profile and find out what type of deviant they are looking for. Although this film deals with a morbid, grotesque and violent story, it's really more about what it takes to catch a killer than the killer himself. Around a very well done film with fine performances and a great script. The script succeeds in doing what makes the best of this type of film: you give factual events and place them in a dramatic setting that makes you feel the people * behind the facts *. from 10 stars
