There I was sitting alone in my apartment on a Saturday night with the choice to watch CITIZEN X or the Eurovision Song Contest, and for the benefit of Americans reading this, I will explain that TESC is an annual event in which musicians from countries across Europe and Asia Minor have a song contest. At the end of the contest countries vote to see what song was best. It is a contest that is even less interesting than it sounds and it can not be a shock when I say that singing and composing are not Lennon and McCartney's caliber. And I should correct something in the first sentence of this review because the word "Choice" is misleading because being a music lover I was not going to look at TESC in any circumstance. So I sat down that the credits rolled for CITIZEN X, waiting for a serial death run, but I would have cheated on all those who said it. It is evident in the first 10 minutes of CITIZEN X whisper. What the film is doing is to highlight the failures of communism: "A deceptive comrade in a series! This is the Soviet Union, serial killers can only exist in decadent imperialist capitalist systems." This farcical attitude goes far beyond denial, there is a scene where an undercover cop stays in a train station freezing potential suspects eyes while wearing a police coat because it's the only warm coat it has! And, of course, all suspects who are members of the Communist Party are released without questioning something that will affect the number of dead people. All this is very well done because we are told that the party's communist system is in process, but about two-thirds of the way through CITIZEN X we find ourselves in 1990, when communism is in its last stage and reforms of the police investigation took place. At this point, the film becomes rather uninteresting due to the lack of political subtext, and the film comes down to an ordinary movie. But do not let you break up, CITIZEN X is a smart thriller well-played by the cast, especially Donald Sutherland as a paternal police chief. Very strange a few years ago, I read something written by the famous criminologist Colin Wilson, in which he said something along the lines that the serial killers had left him captured for them to be the focus of attention in the light of mass- media, and I almost sympathized with party leaders denying that he could be a serial killer in the Soviet Union. After all media are controlled by the party and anyone old enough to be listened to Radio Moscow or to read the English translations, Pravda will know that the USSR only reported news like potato crops, coal production and you thank the letters from Afghanistan, Cuba, etc. Soviet assistance. The concept of becoming a serial killer in a communist system is illogical. But I think if a tree falls into a remote Siberian forest, it will make a sound even if no one is around to hear.
