I remember following the case of Andre Chicatillo in newspapers while I was living in South Africa. They had pictures of him standing in the cage, being tried in court. No, as it turned out, to protect the members of the court, but to protect them from the public. This was fascinating, even morbid, reading. Then I heard that HBO made a movie about this case, but it was done for American television. Bummed! Strangely, CITIZEN X has obtained a limited film release in South Africa. I charged the Ster Kinekor local complex and bought a ticket properly (I was alone, my friend at that time was only interested in MAGNOLIAS rice and TOMATOI GREEN FRIED). Wow! What a brilliant film. Why was it not released to the public? If it had not been made for television, it could have been an Oscar nomination or 2. There is no way to ruin the end; whoever is the killer is never held by the audience. Jeffrey DeMunn portrays a truly frightening psycho. He is calm, spoiled, considered a failure of his wife and subject to ridicule and constant humiliation by his superiors at work. By committing these terrible acts, he feels strong, powerful. Fighting him against all chances is a pathologist, played in an excellent role by Stephen Rea, in one of his most powerful performances. He has to fight the rhythm of the snail of Russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources it has at its disposal, and, above all, the refusal of its superiors to recognize that the USSR even has a serial killer. General Manager (Joss Ackland) says serial killers are "a decadent, Western phenomenon." Only Donald Sutherland is willing to help but his help has to be under the counter. The brightest Max Von Sydow plays a Russian psychiatrist who interrupts the protocol and decides to help the investigators in their search. It is for the first time in Russia's history that a psychiatrist is used to build a profile of a serial killer still at large and he has everything he can lose if his involvement is made public. CITIZEN X is brilliant, very well written, and music and editing adds only to the tension and the theme of the movie. The excellent support of immoral Imelda Staunton and a true sense of impending doom make CITIZEN X a worthwhile film. It was too good to be done for television
