The Blood Castle (alias Scream of the Demon Lover, Altar of Blood, Ivanna - the best but least exploited cinematic sound and so on) is a traditional romantic Gothic movie. That means she has big, horrible castles, a young woman, a young, mysterious person, spells and supernatural and romantic elements in the contemporary sense of this genre. It also means that it is deliberately rhythmic and that the film will work best for horror monsters who are great fans of underestimation. If you like movies such as Robert Wise's The Haunting (1963), but also have a taste for Spanish and Italian horror at the end of the 1960s / early 1970s, you can also love the castle. Baron Janos Dalmar (Carlos Quiney) lives in a large castle on the edge of a traditional, unspecified European village. The locals are afraid of him because the legend says that whenever a woman posts, he soon becomes dead - the consensus is that he puts his ferocious dogs on them. This is a pretty big problem because the baron has a very healthy appetite for women. At the start of the movie, another woman returned dead and mutilated. Meanwhile, Dr. Ivanna Rakowsky (Erna Schürer) appeared in the center of the village, asking for Baron to be taken to Dalmar's Castle. She is a locality that has been hired by the Baron for her chemistry expertise. Of course, nobody wants to get close to the castle. Eventually, Ivanna finds a shadowy person (who gets even shadowy) to take it. Once, a strange woman living in the castle, Olga (Cristiana Galloni), rejects Ivanna and says she should not be there when she is a woman. Baron Dalmar complains why he should stay. It ends to stay, but to a certain extent with reluctance. The Baron hired her to try to reverse the effects of the severe burns suffered by Baron's brother Igor. Unfortunately, the baron's brother seems to be just a piece of meat decomposed into a bizarre black liquid tank. And more, Ivanna has bizarre and hallucinating dreams. What's happening at the castle? Is the Baron responsible for crimes? He's crazy? <br /> <br /> I wanted to like the bloodhouse more than I did. As I mentioned, the film is very deliberate in its rhythm, and most of it is highly underestimated. I can go somehow on such materials. I do not care about The Haunting (yes, I'm in a very small minority there), but I'm a big fan of European horror in the 1960s and 1970s. One of my favorite directors is Mario Bava. I also love Dario Argento's work at that time. But occasionally, the Blood Castle has moved me a bit too slow sometimes. There are large pieces that come up with scenes of stories that are not very interesting, alternating with Ivanna's scenes, which are slowly going on the corridors of the castle. But the atmosphere of the movie is decent. Director José Luis Merino managed more than acceptable sets and locations and was shot quite well by Emanuele Di Cola. However, the bloodhouse feels in a relatively low budget, and this is a film produced by Roger Corman, after all (which usually means a low-budget, though often surprising high-quality "quickie "). So, while there is a clue about the brightness of Bava's colors and the complex decoration of the set, everything is much more minimalist. Of course, it does not help me that the Retromedia footprint I've been watching looks like a 30-year-old photo that has been left too long in the sun. It appears "washed" with compromised contrast. However, Merino and Di Cola occasionally created fantastic visual images. For example, a scene by Ivanna walking in a dark hallway shot from an exaggerated angle and where an important plot is revealed only by shadows on the wall. There are also a series of Ingmar Bergmanesque photos, where actors are extremely impeded to engage in complex relationships, besides being just attractive and pulling your eyes deep into the frame. The performances are pretty good, and women - especially Schürer - are very attractive. Merino exploits this by incorporating a decent amount of nudity. Schürer continued to perform a series of films that were as soft maize porn as other genres with English titles such as Sex Life in a Women's Prison (1974), Naked and Lustful (1974), Strip Nude for Killer 1975) and the erotic exploits of a sexy seducer (1977). The bloodhouse is much more deceiving, but in addition to nudity, there are still light scenes that suggest rape and slavery and, of course, scenes that mix sex and death. The primary attraction here, however, is probably the story, which is a much slower story than anything else. Horror elements, mysterious elements and somewhat unexpected tipping near the end are bonuses, but eventually the bloodstain is a story of love, a couple that overcomes various difficulties and antagonisms (often with threats or damage physical).
