If I remember, Ira Gershwin, the lyricist and brother of George, offered the Gershwin catalog for this film and was overthrown by the producers. In many ways, it was a typical 50-unit free MGM and directed by Vincente Minelli with much help from Gene Kelly. Gershwins were, of course, among the biggest of all Broadway musical teams, but, in my opinion, George himself was among the greatest of all American composers, time !!! Gene Kelly was, of course, one of the greatest male dancers in the musical film (One Guess about the Other?) And I do not imagine his pouring was never a question. But I think the rest of the cast needs explanations: Oscar Levant was a remarkable figure in his time, and as a real friend of George Gershwin, he had to be in this movie. He was a talented pianist and even a moderately talented composer, as well as a remarkable neurotic and hypochondriac and here, as always, he plays himself. Leslie Caron was unknown at this time and was Frenchman "gamin". A talented dancer, she was never a real beauty. George Guétary, who plays Maurice Chavalier, oops, that is, Henri Baurel, was Greek and not French, but he is certainly more than OK as a French avenue, even if he is a little too young for the role. > Gene's Hoofer's voice is useful here, but Guétary has much better vocal equipment. Although Gene was better expressed elsewhere, obviously in "Singin 'in the Rain" where his character is much more computerized, even here he appears to be a sort of heel sometimes (he was, not for nothing , expressed as the original version of Joey in Pal Joey, Broadway music.) I was not so excited about the I Got Rhythm scene with the kids, which does not seem spontaneous, as I was intended. also discovered the character of Nina Foch, Milo, to be quite irritating. But the film is obviously the long ballet at the end of the film, based on the title music, with sets and costumes in the styles of the great French impressionist painters. It has been hard for me to think that Gene and Oscar, as the artists who are fighting, do not think the musical numbers are well established, as they are, but in balance, Gershwin's music is very well served in this film. The DVD is well done with fine and clear graphics (when subject to ed), and the mono sound is good, but it is a little deep.
