An American in Paris is an integrated music, which means that songs and dances fit perfectly with the story. The film was inspired by George Gershwin's orchestral composition from 1928. The film's story is interwoven with Gene Keller's choreographed dances and set for popular Gershwin songs. Songs and music include "I love," "It's wonderful," and "Our love is here to stay." She set a new standard for the subgenus known as the "songbook" with dozens of Gershwin melodies buried in underlining. The climax is the "The American in Paris," an 18-minute dance with Kelly and Caron set by Gershwin, "An American in Paris," with an impressionist style of painters, is one of the longest sequences of uninterrupted dance any Hollywood movie. Ballet alone costs more than half a million dollars, an amazing amount at that time. It's fun to think of such artworks being born on a pool game between film producer Arthur Freed (SINGIN IN RAIN, WIZARD OF OZ, MOUNTAIN, ME ME IN ST. LOUIS and THE WAGON BAND) and Ira Gershwin. It was Freed's idea to buy the title so it could be used in a film about Paris and Gershwin's idea that they would only use Gershwin's music. The original was to have Cyd Charisse, but she discovered she was pregnant before shooting. A major reason why Gene Kelly suggested to Leslie Caron that the female leadership was because she felt that this film needed a true French girl to interpret Lise, not just an American actress who interprets it. Gene Kelly discovered Leslie Caron on holiday in Paris, where she saw her performing in a ballet. When she called to the audition, she said, "Who is Gene Kelly?" According to Leslie Caron, the introductory dance sequence, which included a seductive dance with a chair, was considered too suggestive by some censors. Gene Kelly directed the short fantasy dance sequences presented as Lise. Vincent Minnelli first wanted Maurice Chevalier in Georges Guétary and Celeste Holm in "Nina Foch". <Br /> <br /> Minnelli was a revolutionary music director with Meet Me in St. Louis. Louis (1944), An American in Paris and The Wagon The Band (1953). They used colors and songs in ways that had not been used before. He used imaginative space and time. The best of all, however, has allowed her to break up for the long ballet sequences that conclude all of her films. The Paris American ballet can be his best film. Even though Vincente Minnelli is credited as the only director, he has sometimes been linked to his divorce from Judy Garland and other directorial projects, leaving Gene Kelly to take over the routing duties. Other important issues include Guitar's interpretation of "Stairway to Paradise"; Oscar Levant's fantasy to lead and interpret Gershwin's "Concert in F" (see why was Oscar Levant's favorite.) The ballet sequence, now that we know it was successful, everyone now wants to give credit, Freed, Minnelli, Kelly? but before finishing the film, MGM's New York office said it would not spend half a million dollars on a ballet. So, Freed went to the studio head Louis B. Mayer himself and agreed, New York said no. Finally, Gene Kelly showed the New York office how a British movie, THE RED SHOES, used a long ballet sequence, and the movie became a hit worldwide? and is still considered today the prime example of a successful art film. Well, the financial boys finally did and signed the checks. After 1 November 1950 there was a break in production, when Gene Kelly began to repeat ballet choreography. Until production for this final sequence resumed on December 6, Vincente Minnelli finished the film "Little Dividend of Father" (1951). Irene Sharaff designed a style for each set of ballet sequences, reflecting the French impressionist painters: "Raoul Dufy", "Edouard Manet" (flower market), Maurice Utrillo (Paris street), Henri Rousseau (fair), "Vincent Van Gogh "Opera) and Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec (Moulin Rouge). The context lasted six weeks to build, with 30 painters working without interruption. Roger Ebert said after seeing recent restorations: "An American in Paris has many qualities, not least the famous ballet production, with Kelly and Leslie Caron symbolizing the whole story of their dancing courtyard." An American in Paris is often compared to SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN, for which this is the greatest musical ever made and a critic best did when he said: "SINGIN" IN RAIN makes me happy and an American in Paris makes me feel "The ballet represents Kelly's fantasies, as exemplified by the great French artists (Renoir, Rousseau, Lautrec, Dufy) whom he admires.Acting a screening film for Raoul Dufy, the actor and producer who got worse then, they went out to the end of the year, where they were relieved, found the artist, moved to tears, demanding a second assistance of the sumptuous finale, and the film was the first to win the Golden Globe Award for Best Cinematography (comedy or musical.) Gene Kelly received an honor award this year for his "versatility as actor, singer, director and dancer and especially for his brilliant achievements in the art of film choreography." He was his only Oscar.
