What does Best Picture do? The Oscars came for a lot of sticks to reward superheated glasses that were badly aged and ignoring the "car" to be deified in the coming decades. Not because Hollywood was against art or creativity. The Academy Awards are the selections made by the industry itself and, therefore, at least in the classical age, they tended to reward the greatest collaborations, the most sensational encounters of the creative minds. Arthur The free unit at MGM has been centered on the Oscar glory for many years; it was only a matter of time before Freed, helped by the most powerful director Vincente Minnelli and the best music stars in the field, landed a Best Picture. Freed certainly did more to raise the status of music than anyone else, making pictures that embrace the story and song together without losing the dynamic performance of the music of the 1930s. The point about free music is that the verses of the songs, unlike those of Hammerstein or Lerner, must not say or even relate to stories. What is important is that the tone of the piece and the way it is presented falls into the structure of the film. An American in Paris was the first of three free musicians (the other two being Singin in the Rain and The Wagon Band) who took the classic numbers from their original context and made them work in a completely different story. Words do not match the plot, but routines fit the show. So when Gene Kelly sings I got Rhythm, he did not even get a girl, but the way he did with the French children who join is a great part of the characterization and the optimistic song and dance give the film a small lift needs At this point. An American in Paris also uses the rules allowed to add unconventional fantasy flights to tell the story, such as the dance series that accompanies the description of Leslie Caron. <br /> <br /> What better director for this project than Minnelli, himself a painter and pianist? At this time, there was no one who felt better for Technicolor. While some executives would saturate each scene in one color or fill the screen with strange shades, Minnelli's color schemes are strictly controlled, but they are never forced. In the opening scenes, the tones are quite silent, but not straight, and especially there is a lack of red. During the meeting of Oscar Levant and Georges Guetary in the café, some more vibrant shades are introduced. Then, during the first musical number, "By Strauss" Minnelli gradually brings red splashes? a table cloth, a bunch of roses? until it ultimately dominates, as if the piece awakened the color scheme of the image. For most songs, colors are choreographed as complicated as humans. However, in some numbers, such as "Tra-la-la", it keeps the shades the same, and instead opens the space as the melody swells and the characters become more animated. the heel of an American in Paris is his story. I personally find the particularly unattractive romantic angle, playing as it resembles a final hatred for the misogynist love stories that reigned supreme in the 1930s; the capricious, independent woman is rejected, while a gentle, delicate girl is harassed in the hero's love. Even if it does not bother you, it's difficult to connect emotionally with the story because it's always shaded by songs and dances. Compare this to Singin 'in the Rain, which does not have as many excellent routines or memorable sets as an American in Paris but has a winning story. Singin 'in the Rain was overlooked at the 1952 Oscars, but today he is considered a classic of the genre. But I think sometimes people forget that cinema is a comprehensive form of visual entertainment, not just a means of telling a story. An American in Paris is not deep or engaged, but as a DeMille image that won the top prize the following year is certainly a great show.
