The seventy-minute dance sequence of George Gershwin's 1928 Orchestra, "An American in Paris," is an indisputable masterpiece. Right, Gene Kelly's unmatched talent and talent, the vibrant combination of color, music and dance is still stunning, as the play is divided into scenes inspired by the selected master artists - Dufy in Place de la Concorde, Manet in the market Flowers, Utrillo on a street in Paris, Rousseau at the fair, Vincent Van Gogh in the spectacular Place de l'Opera and Toulouse-Lautrec for Moulin Rouge, where Kelly wears famous white clothing. The 97 minutes before this end are not as interesting, not a long shot, but there are some charm that must be taken into consideration throughout the 1951 Oscar winning music. Director Vincente Minnelli and screenwriter Alan Jay Lerner created a surprisingly sophisticated story, if not quite romantic, focused on Jerry Mulligan, a former GI who stayed in Paris after the end of the Second World War, trying to make a living as a painter. With its braggadocio style and athletic dance style, Gene Kelly can be hilarious and irritating as a screen personality, but seems to find her work as Jerry worried. The love of the triangle focuses on Jerry's involvement with Milo Roberts, a self-proclaimed patron of art, but a sexual predator when it comes to young artists. At her first meeting in a busy nightclub in Montmartre, Jerry falls for Lise, a young woman who turns out to be Henri's fiancé, a professional amateur and friend of Jerry's friend Adam, a concert pianist. Romantic behaviors appear to the inevitable end, but not before several more classic Gershwin songs are performed. The best of these is the most imitated - a romantic song swooning and dancing to "Our love is here to stay" a faux-seine river in a blue fog, with yellow fog light. The way Kelly and Leslie Caron circle each other are transcendent as they come closest to the beginning and then sync with the music that leads to the final. Few movies have shown so elegantly and succinctly that two people fall in love. "I got Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" Kelly's spotlight while singing "Embraceable You" is impressively danced by Caron in a five-scene set of Henri's description throughout Lise Adam. Designed to show the versatility of Caron's dance, the sequence is similar to "On the Town" where Vera-Ellen introduced his considerable dance skills when the character of Kelly's sailor described his multi-famous vision of Turnstiles . As Lise, Caron (in her first film), ninety years old, she dances incredibly long and treats her role with uninformed charm, her talent for not blooming more years. Looking pretty glamorous, Nina Foch plays older as a Milo manipulator and manages to be pretty small for us to care about her fate, while Oscar Levant is just sardonic as Adam. Making a stylish "I'm building a stairway in paradise," George Guétary plays Henri so pleasantly that you feel sorry to lose the girl at the end. This is not the best musical MGM, but there is certainly enough magic to make it quite useful. The DVD 2000 contains a fairly clean print, but not much in the extract.
