Parsifal (1982) with Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and Reiner Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schone, director Hans-Jurgen Syberberg. from the German film school, the genre that favors the tone of symbolism and surrealism Ingmar Bergmanesque, came the 1982 film of Wagner-Parsifal's masterpiece, written to correspond to Good Friday and the dedication of the Bayreuth Opera. This film follows the musical score and compiles accurately, but the way it was filmed and made is bold and avant-garde, and no other Parsifal takes the crown in bizarre cinema. Syberberg is known for controversial films. Prior to this film he released films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal antisemitism, and a documentary about Winifred Wagner, one of his great daughters. The movie is possibly disturbing in many ways. Parsifal (sung by Reiner Goldberg but Michael Kutter) is a man during the first part of the film and then, after the kundown of Kundry's kiss, is transformed into a woman. This gender bending element displays the feminine / masculine / ying-yang nature of the search for the Holy Grail, which serves all mankind and redeems it through the blood of Christ. In the pagan pagan fortress, Klingsor's fortress, there are photographs of notorious figures like Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner, and Wagner's mistress, Matilde Wesendock. The Swaztika flag hangs out of the city. Parsifal travels in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries throughout the film. The tempting virgins are in nude. Kundry is portrayed as a beautiful, but corrupt Mary Magdalene or Eva of Genesis (played by Edith Clever, but beautiful by mezzo-soprano Yvonne Minton). Finally, this film is for fans of this kind of bizarre German / European symbolic metaphysics and for intellectuals who appreciate the symbolism, history and lovers of Wagner's work. Indeed, singing is great and convincing. Reiner Goldberg's parsiphil is a concentrated and intense voice, but he does not have the general depth and grandeur of the greatest Parsifals of the scene - James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, Rene Kollo and his own Placido Domingo. Yvone Minton is a sensual, expressive, dramatic and interesting Kundry that fits perfectly in her tortured condition. While production is certainly unorthodox and non-governmental as far as it can be obtained (Wagner's concept was Christian ceremony with speech, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, a dark wizard, darkness transforming into light, etc.). It is still a pleasant, artful film.
