updated January 1, 2006 Parsifal is one of two Wagner's favorite works or musical dramas to be more accurate (Meistersinger is the other one), although it's hard to imagine him as the "top of anybody." The Libretto, as usual, is a a mixture of religion, heathenism, eroticism, and possibly even homo-eroticism, and its length may make the audience seem to have heard the dry paint. Wagner, being a famous anti-Semite (Klingsor can be one of his Jewish surrogate villains, naturally entrusted the premiere of an unconverted (not from RW's lack of test!), Hermann Levi, his favorite conductor! (Kunci!) Kundry, a homage and another potential Jewish surrogate , is so villainous and benevolent, depending on the scene. Since many of Parsifal's videos appear to be bumpy lateral, this film of the work is, in comparison, a mouth of fresh air. "Hans-Jürgen Syberberg , the director, to bring have a considerable imagination, but it's hard to know why he did some of his choices. For example: Notorious Double Parsifals (of every kind!), Marionettes, Wagner's deadly set of masks, and various dolls and symbols, such as Nazi paper, in one of the travel scenes. (If I remember, the "real" Engelbert Humperdinck wrote the current music to change the scene). Although Wagner himself died too early to be a true Nazi, many of his followers (Like the second Cosima husband). were at least fellow travelers, including their nephew Wolfgang Wagner who still leads the Bayreuth Festival at an advanced age. In fact, Wolfgang Gottfried Wagner's son, in complete opposition to his father, has tried to be honest with his great-grandfather. Syberberg also seems politely ambiguous about what I read. In 1977 he made a well-known film about Hitler: "Hitler: ein Film aus Deutschland" (Sometimes called "our Hitler" in English). Since it lasted 8 hours and was not widely distributed, most people did not see it (including myself). Armin Jordan, conductor of the audio CD on which this film is based, plays Amfortas (played by Wolfgang Schöne) Edith Clever (Yvonne Minton) plays Kundry, Michael Kutter and Karin Krick play the dual parallels of Parsifals and Robert Lloyd and Aage Haugland sing and sings Gurnemanz and Klingsor. While the opera takes place over a long period of time and all (except for Kundry?) have been described as having a considerable length between Acts 2 and 3, no one shows an older day until the end of the opera. (The Grail Magic? In this work, the Grail is the one from which Jesus drank at the Last Supper and not at Mary Magdalene, as in the more recent times, an idea they find absurd!). guiding and singing are quite useful and the DVD seems to have greatly improved the sound, if not the image. (Yes, I agree that the "Kna" approach is superior, even on the second stereo version, but probably superior to all versions as a whole.) Not a Parsifal for all Wagnerians I think it works pretty well a filmed work.
