Vincent Minnelli directed some of the most famous entertainment in cinema history ... He was among the first Hollywood directors to show that a deep love of color, movement and music could produce intelligent entertainment ... "American in Paris "is the story of a former GI who stays in France after the war to study and paint ... He falls in love with a charming little lady Lise Bourvier ... Their romantic love adventure shines as bright as the Light City itself ... The whole film brings a note of French elegance in which technique, artistic style and music come together in perfect synchronicity ... The first musical sequence introduces Leslie Caron's extraordinary personality to the onset of her screen ... She is like a diamond, a touch of class ... George Guitar describes his ambiguous charity grace in a fitting of different dance styles, sweet and shy, vivacious and modern, graceful and wonderful ... The number leads to an amazing bistro, where Kelly and the good friends of Paris shared a mild parody of Viennese waltzes ... Later, Kelly celebrates a popular dance with plenty of enthusiastic children, singing with him "I fell in love," and at the massive jazz club, Kelly sees the face of his dreams ... He is instantly hit by her blue sapphire blue eyes, and only a clear thing is in his mind, to shoot Lize on the dance floor and sing to her: "It is very clear, our love is here to stay." For the "Tra-La-La" joy, Kelly offers humor, spirit and talent everywhere in Oscar Levant's room and even on the top of his brown piano ... <br /> <br /> When he meets the Beautiful Crese along the Seine, Kelly is away from his happy encounter with Caron ... He expresses all his emotions with "Our love is here to stay." The song had an evening feeling while the two lovers bathed in blue, blue and blue smoke ... They started an enigmatic duet dancing different elements ... Caron dances with his head on his shoulder, then tries to escape in a way fluid ... Moving back, away from each other, then stopping to hurry with each other for a small kiss and a warm hug ... The weakest numbers of the film were those that had a little relationship with the story ... In one, Georges Guetary performs a spectacle of entertainment with showgirls in huge ornaments floating on the stage ... in another, Oscar Levant imagines himself conducting a concert and playing not only a piano recital , but also the other instruments ... He even applauds for himself as members of the audience ... The extravagant superpower of the super climat of the film is quite an adventure, a breakthrough in taste, direct and design ... It is a flamboyance of love, anger and vivacity ... Kelly's fantasy is his love and feelings about Paris, seen through the giant backdrop of some of the most impressed French painters ... The number starts from Ball Beaux Arts, after Kelly is separated from Lise and begins a sketch with a black pencil ... It brings together the important parts of the film's story through a constantly changing location, all in the style of the painters who have influenced it Jerry ... The tour, attractive and extremely atmospheric, includes the Place Concorde Fountain, the Madeleine Flower Market, Place de l'Opéra, at Rendez-Vous in Montmartre, with the Cancan dancers in a representation of Moulin Rouge at Lautrec ... Kelly seems to defy the limits of her own physical self ... Caron seems to dominate her space and moves you away at another moment and place ... Nina Foch appeared very attractive and stylish in rochi her white one-shoulder ... In one of the most famous lines of the film, Kelly asks, "It's pretty close to you. "Nina, respond with intelligence", a modest! "An American in Paris" won six Oscars, including an honorary prize for Gene Kelly ... The film gave us plenty of memories to take home ...
