An American in Paris was, in many ways, the ultimate blend of art and music from Hollywood. Achieved at the height of MGM's powers as a musical power, the film contains memorable music from Gershwin, which was rightly called the equivalent of Beethoven and Mozart in the twentieth century. Gene Kelly was also at the height of his powers in this film, though it could be rightly argued that this film was just warm-up for his best work in Singin ' in the rain (1952). The two films are actually closely linked. In addition to Arthur Freed's connection, Rainway's Broadway Melody segment owes its existence to the incredible American of the Paris ballet sequence in this film. This could have been the only time when a number of dances are mentioned especially in the opening credits of the film. And it deserves to be, because it features the qualities of Gene Kelly as a dancer and choreographer in their maximum degree. The film's distribution is excellent. Leslie Caron, making her film debut incredible, shows a maturity that makes you think he's been making movies for years. Her introductory dance sequence and later ballet work offers some surprising moments of sexy rivalry in MGM Musicals only by Cyd Charisse's work in Singin 'in Rain and The Wagon Band. Oscar Levant is hilarious as Kelly's stoic friend, who receives two of the best moments of the movie: during the final sequence (which I will not give for anyone who did not see the movie) and one of the most memorable musical numbers combines the incredible piano skills with cutting-edge special effects. <br /> <br /> Less memorable are Georges Guitar as Kelly's romantic rival, although he gets some musical moments and Nina Foch as a romantic rival of Leslie Caron. The May-December relationship between Kelly and Nina's character reminded me of the same "kept man" relationship seen between George Peppard and Patricia Neal in Breakfast at Tiffany's. There are a few elements of the movie they made is less satisfactory to me than Singin 'in the rain. The ballet, though generous and well produced, does not fit the rest of the film. Without deactivating the plot, Ballet happens without real rhyme or reason. And, unlike the Broadway song sequence, it has nothing to do with the plot - and in the best musical, the songs always have a kind of raison d'etre. <br /> <br /> Making things worse is the end of the movie that happens just after Ballet. Although the end should not be a surprise (in the end, it is a MGM musical), we hope for a little more ... movie after the end of the ballet. It's as if director Vincente Minnelli felt he could not follow the Ballet with anything else. The film left me literally in the cross. On the negative side, An American in Paris is right with Hollywood's best musicals. He does not touch Singin's height in the rain, but he gets closer and remains a testament to Gene Kelly's skills as one of the greatest dancers of all time.
