This very strange frame of Wagner's last work has definitely grown upon me. When I saw it for the first time, I was very disturbed by many of the Surrealist movies, and I felt that too much was overlaid over the story. However, if you can do a lot of "tricks", I think you'll find that the movie manages to capture the very strange atmosphere, otherwise the world of the work, and that there are moments that are especially beautiful. Personally, I have never really understood Kundry's role until I have seen Edith Clever portraying him. Her performance (a mimic of sounds synchronized with Yvonne Minton's voice) is not at all dazzling from end to end, and alone justifies the hours it takes to absorb the film. delighted with this film is that it captures Robert Lloyd's spectacular interpretation of Gurnemanz's crucial role, one that Lloyd has performed at opera houses around the world. I have been privileged to enjoy Gurnemanz several times on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera, and the cheerfulness of his voice, and the quality and firmness of his interpretation of this noble character had to be preserved, just like his performance in the two monologues the major character of the character, the Karfreitag scene, and the recount of the prophecy of Act 1. The variant we saw was a video tape made for America and so there were subtitles that unfortunately could not be removed. This is particularly unfortunate because the translation used is very inaccurate and forces an extremely Christian interpretation on a movie that already forces the performance on the opera. This seemed to me to be quite contrary to the clear avoidance of Christian Wagner, and to his deliberate attempt to "generalize" the Christian elements of the story. (See footnotes with the spoiler at the end of this review.) It seems almost impossible for me, when watching a movie with subtitles, not to absorb them and strongly recommend that if in DVD versions you can turn subtitles off, do this, and instead, if the operation is not known to you, read the libretto carefully beforehand. The bottom line is that there is much in the movie I do not like and as I have seen differently ... but it has steadily increased in my estimation over the years since I first saw it and I feel attracted to enjoy again and again. FOOTNOTE CONTAINING A SPOILER: A good example would be Kundry's famous line, "I saw him ... and he laughed." This is translated into subtitles for reasons that escape me because "I have seen the image of the Savior." It is particularly irritating to me, because in the entire libretto, Wagner refers very carefully to this unseen character, which does not have to be the biblical Jesus as "der Heiland," the German for the "Healer" - a reference to Amfortas' wound at all wounds and diseases and the need for healing.
