Gene Kelly came up with some great ideas for musicians while with MGM. Here he is at the peak of his creative powers working with the music unit Arthur Freed. It's hard to believe when watching an American in Paris that players have never left the MGM back. <br /> <br /> The magic of an American in Paris is due to creative editing under the direction of Vincent Minnelli and the sets that MGM has designed by mixing with a background setting photos. The idea of ​​the film came from Kelly, who simply wanted to make a long-lasting ballet film that involved the American poem in Paris, George Gershwin. He sounded good to Arthur Freed, who approached Ira Gershwin, who had said good to him as long as he was using other Gershwin material. Gershwin obtained a kind of agreement for Gershwin music that Irving Berlin normally received. No note of non-Gershwin music is heard in an American from Paris. Listen to some of the background music and you'll hear things like Embraceable You and But Not For Me, which are not real musical numbers. Another guy who was a good hand on writing, Alan Jay Lerner, wrote the story, which is, of course, a thin one. Everything about an ex-GI played by Gene Kelly, who after World War II never left France, settled in an apartment on the left bank and began to become a hungry artist. He lives with Oscar Levant's eccentric composer, and this seems to be a redundancy. <br /> <br /> Two women are interested in it. Another expatriate American, played by Nina Foch, who wants to sponsor him as a painter if he answers other issues. But Kelly falls for a shop girl played by Leslie Caron in her film debut. Caron also has a musical comedy star, Georges Guinet, interested here. Of course, the plot is just an excuse to sing and dance to George Gershwin's music. An American in Paris is going to be the first movie I've ever seen as a flying movie on the first plane trip I've ever taken. I still remember flying back from Phoenix Arizona to Kennedy Airport, seeing that Gene Kelly is doing Rhythm. My favorite movie is Tra-La-La, which Kelly plays and plays in the entire Oscar Levant apartment joining the piano. At one point, Kelly dances over the piano. In a book about Arthur Freed, I read a quote in which he said that the Parisian American ballet sequence would be based on the French Impressionists whom the public would have felt rather than in a realistic setting on the streets or on the back. That's how it happened. Kelly had made long ballet sequences in Words and Music, Pirate, and the City. But this has surpassed all of them. Still, in my opinion, this includes some of Gene Kelly's films. In an angry upset at the Oscars, an American in Paris was chosen as the best film for 1951, knocking on his favorite A Streetcar Named Desire. I think the fantasy has reached realism that year. Big budgets also have a superior hand in these things as well. Another American in Paris is one of the best musical films ever made and since studios do not have all the creative talent under the same roof, something less likely to repeat.
