I did not know anything about Chocolat before I looked. I did not know anything about story, distribution, director or anything about the history of the movie. All I knew was that it was a very appreciated French film. If I knew more, I probably would not have seen the picture with an open mind. On paper, the premise does not seem interesting to me. If I knew what was ahead of time in Chocolat, my interest, while watching, would have been limited. However, not knowing the story helped me to enjoy myself. Along the way, I had no clue if the story would go, what would the characters do, and what the final result would be. It was, if not something else, a predictable movie. Indeed, it could have been the story in flashbacks. Telling a story in flashback is often a risky move from filmmakers. Since the main character is currently seen, the audience knows he will stay alive. Using flashback, director Claire Denis is able to provide the audience with the maturity of the young woman without any serious physical injury, giving the viewer the impression that Chocolat is more about emotions than what is on the outside. A smaller filmmaker would give France a face-to-face, one that screams of a confused and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis presents France as a beautiful girl, someone who looks good outside. <br /> <br /> It can be argued that Chocolat is more about the mother of France because it is given much more time on the screen, though I think it is ultimately about France. For me, what Chocolat really is is how a mother's actions affect her daughter. It's about how parents behave with their descendants. France is not destroyed by her mother's actions in the story, but her mother's actions have clearly made an impression on France. If France had not been affected at all by its mother's actions, the flashback aspect would be irrelevant. <br /> <br /> For a movie that deals with two periods of time, past and present, Chocolat has been a very good rhythm, they have no scene of excess fat. None of the scenes felt free or off-site. The film had a beautiful rhythm, the crisp edition, leaving only what was needed to tell the story. With a well-told story, solid editing and directed production, Chocolat is one of the best French films I've ever seen. He was responsible for the launch of Claire Denis's career and for good reason: it's an incredible directorial debut.
