This is a great movie to watch or show to young people. Apart from a very short nude scene, it offers an interesting look at the colonial rule in Africa that you will rarely find in other films. It has a superficial resemblance to OUT OF Africa, but without all the romantic drops. The white French people of Cameroon is fascinating, because it does not even seem to think locals as people. Whites are all heads and expect black serving to be no doubt. However, unlike true servants, you just hear one of the white people saying "thank you" and no other attention is paid to these people. Again and again, it's like pets or slaves because people's feelings are never taken into account. <br /> <br /> The central picture of this misunderstanding is the relationship between Mother, Aimee and her servant, Protée. Although sometimes they spend a lot of time together and it is normal to start having sexual feelings for each other, the white woman does not even consider Protée or the existence of her feelings. A good example of this lack of sensitivity is when she has a dress in the dress and she is obviously very frustrated sexually. Apart from this relationship, while almost all whites are completely forgotten about the fact that Africans are people, some go so far as to verbally abuse and treat them as garbage. Also, the relationship between Protée and the little girl (which is cultivated at the beginning and end of the film) is also interesting. While you are very close, sometimes he is more like a toy or pet and the little girl never plays with native children. There is a strange white character who sometimes seems to consider blacks better, but unfortunately, his character is very inconsistent and confusing. At one point, he is doing hard work alongside the Blacks or eating with them (what the other whites would never have done) and the next attempt to beat Protée! I could only guess what I motivated him - maybe he was just a bastard or he was crazy or maybe he was a communist agitator trying to make blacks against the whites (who knows!). Besides, besides some good scenes, this character seems rather lost. While I really enjoyed the vision this film gave, I would have liked to be more than just a few fragments of this world through a child's perspective during a small period of his life. The context and what happened to escape the country of colonialism is never approached and the film left me to want more. The film seems to start in the early 1980s (when wearing a Walkman-style headset), and when the movie came back in time, it seems to have been set around 1960 (more or less), but it has never been mentioned The 1950s, the violence or independence of anti-colonialism for the nation in the early 1960s. I think some of this confusion might be that the filmmakers have overturned and should have made the beginning of the film earlier (such as the 1970s) and they had the lady think of her life there in the early 1950s - before the country faced political changes. Apart from the lack of context and the confusion over time, the use of the prologue and the epilogue that showed it to an adult traveling in the country was a good idea. And I also appreciated the end, because it was a pleasant surprise when you learn more about the beautiful man who gives her a walk. But overall, it simply feels something is lacking - there is no other resolution or message, than showing that colonialism is ruthless and cruel.
