Located in Cameroon, West Africa in the 1950s, Claire Denis "Chocolat is a beautifully photographed and emotionally resonant poem that describes the effects of a dying colony on a young family in recent years of French domination." The theme is similar to the recent Africa, although the films are very different in terms of scope and focus.The film is said from the perspective of an adult returning to her childhood home in a foreign country France Dalens (Mireille Perrier), a young woman traveling through Cameroon, He recalls his childhood when his father (Francois Cluzet) was officially governmental in the French Cameron and had a loving friendship with Protée's servant (Isaach de Bankolé), but the heart of the film revolves around the French mother Aimée (Giulia Boschi) and the love / hate with Protée, worsening unspoken sexual tension. <br /> <br /> The household is divided in private and public spaces. The White House chambers are private and limited to all except Protée, who work in the house, while servants are forced to eat and go outdoors, exposing the bare bronze bodies to white family looks. It is clear that her husband, Marc (François Cluzet), leaves the business that Aimée and Protée are sexually attracted to each other, but society's rules prevent him from being openly recognized. In a series of words, she invites her in her bedroom to help her put her dress, and the two look at the other's image in the mirror with a defiant desire in their eyes, knowing that any interaction is taboo. <br /> <br /> Young France (Cecile Ducasse) also forms a bond with the servant, feeding him out of the dish, while he shows him how to eat the broken ants and takes her on his shoulders while walking under the sky nocturnal. In spite of their connection, the true nature of the relationship between the master and the servant is obvious when France orders Protée to interrupt his conversation with a teacher and take her home immediately, and when Protée stands next to her at the table, waiting for the next order. When a plane loses its propeller and is forced to land in the nearby mountains, the crew and passengers must move into the compound until a spare piece can be located. Each visitor shows his contempt for Africans, one, a wealthy owner of a coffee plantation, brings the rest of the kitchen, to his black mistress hidden in his room. Another, Lucy (Jean-Claude Adelin), an arrogant white Frenchman, upset the racial balance when using the shower outside, eating with the servants, and beating his attraction to Protée, leading her to a final emotional confrontation with the servant. <br /> <br /> Chocolat is a little autobiographical, adapted from the childhood memories of the director, and is blurred and mysterious as the seclusion of the land on which it is filmed. Denis focuses on the effects of colonialism without preaching or romanizing the characters. There are no casualties or oppressors, no good simplistic boys. Protée is a servant, but he is also a protector as when he keeps the fence over the bed where Aimee and her daughter sleep to protect them from an emergency henna. It is sad that Protée is treated as a boy and not as a man, but Bankolé imbues his character with such dignity and stature as to reduce the pain. Because of his rhythm, the Western audience can work hard to fully appreciate the film, and Denis, in Roger Ebert's expression, "drives our emotions." The truth of Chocolat consists in the gestures and looks that reach the attainment of the silent desire of our heart.
