Back in 1955, the British made a comedy called Simon and Laura, along with Peter Finch and brilliant Kay Kendall. So far, this is one of the best examples of British comedy and, more specifically, about how television sitcoms become so popular. It was, and is, an excellent example of self-referential cinema. So, Soapdish, a movie I have not heard before so many nights when I caught on the TV late. I was a little dubious at first because comedy is so hard to do, as you know. However, I was pleasantly surprised and pleased to see a very clever satire about American television during the day. In fact, it's been a while since I laughed so frighteningly. So if you like satire, I'd recommend seeing it. The main actors? Sally Field, Kevin Kline, Robert Downey and Cathy Moriarty? it simply does a great job, revealing how degrading and superficial it is to work. As I watched him, I always thought: how much of this kneading takes place in real life? That is, if the actors ever have a real life? As you probably know, Peter Sellers, for example, was known to hide his true character behind a multitude of characters, so no one knew the real person. As I saw Sally Field playing Celeste Talbot's role when playing Maggie, I once again thought of the previous British film with Kay Kendall, playing Laura playing a character in a TV sitcom, along with Peter Finch ... I wonder if some actors have nerve malfunctions? And that feeling was crystallized when Celeste finally faced her daughter (Lori, played by Elizabeth Shue) and, at an emotional moment, repeated the fictional lines she had used in a previous episode of soap when they face her fictitious daughter like that! Are you confused? Well, that's not all, but the dialogue is amazing for originality, comedy, anger, anger, depravity, duplicity and even ... love. The story? Well, there are many stories in this movie, all intertwined and that come together in the end (of course, but not as a Robert Altman movie, well!), And not all are finally resolved. Life is not so, anyway, right? The rhythm is almost frenetic and you even have to watch and listen carefully to catch all the subtle jokes and jokes. Spend 97 minutes of your life and watch them; you will not regret the use of time. The rest of the cast have good performances, although I did not take too much for Whoopi Goldberg. Perhaps the most fun exchanges are between Robert Downey and Cathy Moriarty, and for my money, the latter steals so many scenes from the others, she voted me as a remarkable player. I'm not bored, she gives the term bitch a whole new face ...
