Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy embraces natural materials in ephemeral artwork, assembling stones in egg-shaped cairns, filling river stones with flowering flowers, and blending spins and branches into complicated web designs. An original work and some photos of his other creations are hidden in a corner of Southampton's art gallery (near where I live), but although I found these interesting pieces, I realized only the miracle of the work Goldsworthy when I was quite lucky a film by Thomas Reidelsheimer, accompanied by a beautiful instrumental soundtrack by Fred Frith, brings Goldsworthy and his art to life by pointing the artist to the workplace. The opening scene captures the merging of ice fragments into a snake wire, sitting on top of a tree. Working with teeth and bare hands, Goldsworthy operates a beautiful, ephemeral work. No longer this delicate sculpture melts into nothingness in the glow of the Nova Scotian sun. This scene is among the most beautiful in the film, but the scale and inventiveness of Goldsworthy's work is remarkable. Reidelsheimer shows both successes and failures, capturing the frustration of falling parts before they are finished, and the glory of those who shine, even for only a few hours, minutes or seconds. <br /> <br /> Goldsworthy himself offers the narration, speaking slowly but carefully about the themes in his work. He clearly expresses the need to work with nature, to be alone in it, and to develop his understanding by trying to work with natural materials, even when it seems he is working against it. Sometimes he is down-earth and humorous; sometimes they struggle for words to express their purpose? which is quite easy to understand when witnessing his first amazing work. "Rivers and Trilles" in the title become more and more pertinent as we see that natural materials pass through the hands of the artist, flowing from one form to another. The capture of creation and the dissolution of Goldworthy's work is, in itself, a remarkable piece of art. Although Goldsworthy is working on a variety of materials and covers the territory of North America and Europe, showing artworks one by one in this film is tiring; gave me the same feeling of fatigue I get when I spend too much time in an art gallery and struggling to get something new. A short interval in which we are introduced to the Andy family and Andy's hometown is all that breaks the long succession of his artwork. However, Reidelsheimer does a great job in photographing Goldsworthy and his creations, locating them in their wider environments, from Canadian rivers to Scottish rainy hills. Naturally, the film ends with Goldsworthy, sliding stones and snow in the sky. Dust particles have flammable particles, even if they dissipate in the air; this is the purest expression of beauty that is found in the work of this remarkable artist.
