As the jacket proclaims, this film is "Superbly crafted and crafted with craftsmanship," and, yes, it is very beautiful. The supremacy that we perceive in the stoic and continuous rocks and the flow of water frames the ephemeral works of Goldsworthy's hands so that, in their very ephemerity, they indicate eternity. And so the beauty of his compositions haunts us with just a touch of woven melancholy - or in the words of Matthew Arnold of "Dover Beach": Listen! hear the noise of the pebbles that the waves pull back and throw, on the turn, on the high thread, Begin, cease, and then start again with a trembling rhythm, and bring the Eternal Note of Silence. At one point, near the end of the movie, Goldsworthy says "Words do their job, but what they do here says a lot more." As a spokesperson, I do not commit any crime and I do not think for a moment, because the combination of shape and time and change and texture, and the color and composition that Goldsworthy creates instinctively and instinctively is indeed something more than the simple word. <br /> <br /> At another point he noticed: "What is here to stay ... and what is not." That's his theme. I think artists from the twentieth century have become extremely aware of how ephemeral even the greatest works of art are compared with the vast expanse of cosmic time; and thus began to reflect this understanding by composing works that were deliberately ephemeral. The point was that, underlining how short the man's most powerful works were, he would have expressed a sense of art. Perhaps part of the effectiveness of Goldsworthy's work is in this way of expression. He carefully pays a straw or leaf form, where he will get to the tide, or put it in the river where he will be removed; and in this process both the composition and its ephemerity are combined. Both transient and timeless are necessary to understand our world and its place in it. And it is important that these works be made in the context of nature so that what is composed is established in what is natural. Thus, the stone walls and stone eggs that Goldsworthy builds are silent and solid, but we know that they are not eternal monuments but will remain indefinitely and then dissipate and return to a similar state to the one who existed before coming along. This is the art that art should be, like the spiritual one. In a sense, Goldsworthy's work is a sordid understanding. It is a pure experience of time and form. In a sense, his work "responds" to Shelley's famous poem "Ozymandias," saying that even when the stream removes work, and even when the river dissipates expression, even art lives out of our experience of it. Similarly, one thinks of Tibetan sand paintings so carefully composed and measured, and then, as they were so beautiful and precious finished, they are given to the wind so that we know that everything is flowing. > However, in the modern world, these works of art resist photos and videos. Goldsworthy is an accomplished photographer (I need to say) and all his work, even the unsuccessful ones, he tells us, are photographed so that they can look back at them in a more reflective mood and see what they have done and what succeeded. Cinematographic production directed by Thomas Riedelsheimer, with beautiful music and properly haunted by Fred Frith, should not be missed. It is one of the most beautiful documentaries I have ever seen and one of the most spiritual.
