This is a romantic comedy, with a focus on comedy for a change. As usual, lovers - Sally Field as the queen near-hill soap opera, Celeste Talbert; and Kevin Kline as a poorly engaged and little talented actor, Jeffrey Anderson - works for crucial purposes, not knowing they are crazy in love, etc. Due to a bit of Bette Davis's Margo Channing in All About Eve (1950) and a whole lot of theatrical hat tradition, Sally Field goes over the hill to the hilarious, while mistaking her way to love and happiness. Kevin Kline, one of the most stressed leaders in recent years, is also very good and very successful as he manages to be handsome, vulnerable, selfish and loving at the same time. The center of misadventures around Celeste's fear of losing his audience after he turned 40 and reached the point of crisis with the arrival of his niece, aspiring actress Cori Craven (Elisabeth Shue) who turns out being her granddaughter, Cori manages to get a small part of the soap opera as a homeless deaf mute before discovering her true relationship with Celeste (and Jeffrey Anderson as well) - but it does not matter. Like a romantic counterpoint or (with opera director David Barnes) and Cathy Moriarty (Montana and Nurse Nan). David Barnes is so hot for her, but she only cares about one thing: getting away from Celeste to make her shine on the stage. To this end, Barnes is doing all sorts of things to destroy Celeste's career, but by casualties and / or perverse logic, all his attempts go by mistake to the joy of the viewer. Whoopie Goldberg interprets Rose Schwartz, the main writer of Celeste's show and alter ego, and confidentiality, while Carrie Fisher has a modest part as a tough nail maker. I thought this was more fun than just another spoof of the world of soap opera that I saw (Young Doctors in Love 1982, who burlesqued TV General Hospital and was pretty good). Soapdish is more fun with a daffy script and a lot of laugh-out-of-a-kind line and terrific performances of Field, Kline and Downy, Jr. But see this for Sally Field, which is remarkable.
