This German documentary, in English, refers to a Scottish environmental sculptor called Andy Goldsworthy. He makes the art of the objects he finds in nature. For example, at the beginning of the film, we see it taking sections of ice and "sticking them" together with some moisture in a serpentine shape that seems to pass repeatedly through a vertical rock. the ice melts, but that transition is part of Goldsworthy's work. He goes to a site and gets a feeling for him, intuitively deciding what to do on that day. He talks about a "dialogue" with the rocks and other materials they work with, trying to work with * rather than against them. It could be stones, flowers or leaves or sticks. Sculpture could take a few minutes or even years, or it could take quite a while to complete and photograph. The work seems to be more than a purpose. The film and the opera are beautiful, inspiring and challenging. It moves pretty slowly, which is good for the material, but you have to be sure you go when you have a good night's sleep. But go if you have the opportunity. Search the web for other pages about Andy Goldsworthy or read about local sculpture at Stanford University. There are also several books available with photographs of his sculptures. My Thoughts: Throw this section if you want to find out what this movie means to you completely independently. I remember a few ideas that appeared to me while watching the movie I thought I would share for those who are still reading. First of all, the transient nature of many works by Andy Goldsworthy reminded me of the natural discharge and the flow of human life. We are born, we live and eventually die. This is natural, and that's also part of Goldsworthy's art. The other thought was to be frightened of the way Goldsworthy managed to integrate his passion and work so deep into his life. Most of us have a work that is tolerated at best, a life we ​​can hardly see living, and passions that we really want to spend more time if we really remember what we are. Andy Goldsworthy has managed to create an amalgam of all these aspects of his life, which show that he works very well and nourishes him and those around him. Wow. <br /> <br /> Seen on 8/28/2002.
