I admit that in the first 20 minutes of this movie I was not entirely sure I would be sitting on the whole thing. Like many other people, it seemed boring to me, and I did not expect an hour and a half to see the bite type bikes and stick them together. However, if you stay by creating your first long enough work to see the finished product, you will get an idea of ​​how impressive the rest of the movie is. I really think it sad that so many people have found this impossible to boring or rebuilding the ideas made by other artists. <br /> <br /> Rivers and Tides is a quiet study of some of Andy Goldsworthy's works and methods that make his art entirely out of nature, generating in general pieces that will be consumed by nature by nature entropy process. It moves slowly and unpleasantly, but I think much of the film is meant to show that Goldsworthy's art does not need accompaniment for it to be appreciated. I have even heard that people complain about the way he always speaks throughout the film, rather than letting nature and artwork speak for themselves, which I just think is crazy. On the other hand, people complain about CDs coming up with the written lyrics inside them. Many musicians believe that their music should mean what the listener wants to mean without the musician presenting the exact lyrics, I think I'm just a guy who thinks I want to know what the artist tried to do with his work. I can still get what I want, even if I know what she was supposed to do. I understand I do not want to hear him talking through the movie. He, after all, loses his thoughts and can not explain part of his work on several occasions, but if you do not want Goldsworthy to talk about his art while watching the movie, you feel free to stop the sound. It's like you did not read the lyrics if you do not want to know what a musician is playing and would rather interpret your words. I think the work of Andy Goldsworthy, which I had no idea before me watching this movie, is incredibly impressive and I'm glad this movie was made to present it. Indeed, since his work is not generally the one that can be transported to a studio, photography is the only other environment than the movie that can express it, and I really appreciated it was able to see the work that comes in his art, that only things in nature are used. Whether or not you appreciate certain aspects of how this movie is presented, Goldsworthy's work moves enough to overlook the fact that, because the movie is not the star, Goldsworthy's art is. And given the lack of any music or even the smallest special effects and the slow nature of the film, it seems to me that director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows this.
