Daily Day has a purpose and is not simply entertainment, but provides a message about its specialized school shooting. Analyzing the lives of two friends, Andre and Cal led to an attack at their high school. <br /> <br /> While the film began in a somewhat uncertain way, an immoral advertisement of the amateur adolescent style, followed by a few brief encounters with the boys' families. Not long before we get along with the boys who show their collection of weapons, their fetishist love for them, their sporadic narcissistic fantasies, and even a controversial scene about how to build pipe bombs. <br /> <br /> So what's the movie trying to say? What motivates them to become murderers soon. It seems hard to score. Certainly, they do not meet cold-blooded psychopaths, but they intend to do an act of brutality. This brings me to what I feel is genius in Zero day. Cal and Andre constantly talked about how much they were at a different level, how much we are above the others, and how they would "let everyone behind". The columbine killers feel really superior. Like Nietzsche's resentment, the Cal and Andre values ​​system seems to have been born out of the rejection of their society. However, we are only given some glimpses, an expression of hatred for a popular sportsman, for example. So where's the motivation? What I feel is that Coccio portrayed two desperate people to make a statement of superiority a gesture of their power, but they do not have a reasonable place for it. Therefore, they return to mass murder, and in this way will attract more attention than they might ever realize. That is why, in part, school drivers seem to be able to perform atrocious acts despite the fact that they come from stable and loving homes. Killing is part of a fantasy, Cal and Andre are totally lost in their fantasy, they almost fail to see the reality of their actions. They become fantasy in the tragedy. What is secondarily the most enthusiastic about this film is the character's development and the unique dependence between Cal and Andre that have each other. Andre is in the open film the leader of the two, Cal's embrace of his behavior and clothing seems to be somewhat forced. Andre is supported, Andre is intense and serious. He completely removes the others, except for his family, is meticulous and precise about everything he does, and for the first time appears in the first place in the plot to attack the school. However, he is pleased in his own way, he does not accept the teasing of adolescence, and in part we feel compelled to agree with him, yet these moments are shaken by Andre's violent gestures that treat our audience as confidants and potential victims . Horse, on the other hand, seems more relaxed than Andre, more accepting reality. However, he is dominant. We have many personal moments of introspection with Cal's video diary, scenes when he's alone and apart from Andre. The horse seems to struggle with his personal demons and use their plan to exorcise them. Andre is jealous for Cal to go to the ball with an old friend, that he wants Cal alone. Horse likes Andre and encourages him. For the first time in his life, Andre seems to have found someone who believes in him and who admire him that he can not lose him. While Cal found someone giving him a way out. The movie certainly takes a rhythm and improves as it draws near to its bleak conclusion. There is an excellent moment when Cal attends the high school ball. Suddenly, the movie's star becomes shy and introverted, not at all at ease with his colleagues. However, we are inclined to feel more of a connection with the Horse than with the hoarse crowd shouting the juvenile obscenities while drinking a lot in their limousine. It's a very common and recognizable episode. We do not want to talk about them when it ends and Cal goes back with Andre and silences one of their final videos, and we love the characters feeling safe again in the fantastic world they created. We feel as if we are avoiding the masses as it is. The penultimate scene is superb. The last video sees Andre and Cal arming himself in the car just a few moments before attacking. Everything is too real and really creates a sense of doom imminent. We know that we know Cal and Andre and realize they're about to do it, with some sort of morbid fascination, we also enjoy the catharsis movies. CCTV-shot shooting is sometimes shocking, and although it was certainly the perfect choice to describe the massacre, if I went to it it is not without defects. What is most important is the sudden radical change in the perception we have of Cal and Andre, looking at that person, suddenly these are the crypts who knew they would still be refused to admit they wanted to. It's violent and real, our heroes have become monsters, and the reality of their fantasy is a terrible tragedy that costs them everything. The final scene shows a group of teenagers filming burning the high crosses for Andre and the disgust that they have been remembered. After we met Andre and Cal, we can almost feel sad that they are actually gone forever and that they certainly did not win anything. Zero days is a vision for anyone interested in these sensational violent acts of the media. It's a career study that deserves to be experienced.
