As always, controversial movies like this have mixed reviews. You either love or hate him, and not everyone will love this movie. This shows the prospect of killers, which I personally feel is something important to consider. You can hate them, you can claim to understand them and feel like you could refer, but no matter if this movie will make you think about school shots from a different perspective. The movie is shot entirely using the handheld, something that I think works pretty well as it makes it more realistic. It is said completely from the point of view of killers, from their "missions" to family excursions, all leading the big day "Zero Zero," in which a massacre is wanted at their school. Zero Day does not provide answers, but just a look at the lives of two troubled boys and allows the public to decide on their own. Our feelings about boys are something mixed between sympathy and hatred, but we are still confused about why two ordinary boys would do that. It turns out to be surprisingly normal, teenage guys who bring ordinary lives, and if we do not know what they planned, we did not expect anything (They clarify throughout the movie that no one else knows about the plan) The actor is extremely good since the two actors are unknown. We can only hope to see more work from both of us in the future. Despite the way it is a fictional film, we can not fail to notice the obvious similarities with Columbine. Calvin and Andre are similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold (not so much in appearance, but in the manner) As someone who searched extensively Columbine, I could see the similarities and rely almost certainly on it. <br /> <br /> The real massacre is shown through school surveillance cameras and is one of the most frozen things I've ever seen. I was completely shocked after seeing her, and her feeling staying around for a while. It's very realistic and well done, and it's very hard to look. Everything in Zero Day is an excellent movie and I think everyone should at least check it out. In the past, we simply branded killer "psychopaths" and assumed that either they were biologically linked to the disaster, whether they influenced the media, but Zero Day sometimes shows that the reasons are deeper than and that we never understand why tragedies like school shots are happening until we have seen it from the point of view of the killers.
