The Unborn tells the story of a married couple named Virginia (Brooke Adames) and Bradley Marshall (Jeff Hayenga) who have tried over the past five years to conceive, Virginia has had two pregnancy errors since then and is desperate to have a baby. They visit Dr. Richard Meyerling (James Karen) for help after being recommended by some of their friends, Dr. Meyerling says he will be able to help them have a baby. Dr. Meyerling operates Virginia and soon confirms that surgery was a success and Virginia is pregnant. At first, everything looks perfect, and Marshall can not be happier, but the perfect life of their image does not last long, as Virginia's task grows up, becomes dissatisfied, and acts entirely out of character and gets a terrible phone from Beth Jane Cameron), another woman who underwent the procedure of Dr. Meyerling, who claims that Meyerling actually uses the patients for her own sinister purposes, and is in fact a disgusting genetic researcher. Virginia is starting to ask questions about what's going on inside her ... Produced & directed by Rodman Flender I thought the Wretch was a decent horror / thriller (it's not definitely a science fiction movie IMDb would have thought you) which surprised me pleasantly. Henry Dominic's screenplay tries to be different, and at least it must be worth it. Unborn goes for psychological horror rather than cheap scares and bad special effects, has a fairly intelligent story that works and plays in basic human fears. It moves along a fair rhythm, though it is not even a movie with action by any means. The climax was good and it seemed a good way to remove things, and the warnings that genetics seems to be more relevant today than it should have been then, maybe Flender knew something we did not do. The lower part lacks some elements of exploitation, and a dialogue-oriented film is at hand, focusing more on one person, so you can become a bit tired sometimes. I also have to mention what was on Erath which was the black skateboarding black noise all about eh ?! Director Flender does a good job, The Nenborn is far from the most stylish or visually interesting film ever, but it's pretty good. The atmosphere is good and there is little tension that what Virginia has within her self-healing plans and Dr. Meyerling's are not fully revealed until the last possible moment. Unfortunately, the blood and the gorilla are almost non-existent, which in some way allows the film to collapse, because in retrospect nothing really happens, The Unborn is based on a good story that is good, but in a weekly I doubt I will remember too much about it. Technically, the movie is OK, I would imagine that Unborn has a fairly low budget, but it's well done, even if it's a little small and forgetful. The baby's creature is actually a particularly decent effect and has a fairly realistic face movement. The actress is good and this was one of the first accredited workplaces at Friends (1994 - 2004) star Lisa Kudrow, I have to be honest I do not like Friends and I do not even know who she was in it so I can not they say how she did it. The unborn is a good horror / thriller that deserves to be better known and seen, it is much better than a lot of low budget carp. If you are a horror fan and look for something slightly different, something slightly smarter and more challenging than usual, then I think you could do much worse than the unborn. Followed by a terrible sequel to The Unborn II (1994), which I watched right after that, check my opinion if you want to.
