"Kolchak: The Night Stalker" is a very entertaining television series in which a boring, sarcastic, forty-year-old reporter is repeatedly drawn into mortal combat with supernatural (and occasionally extraterrestrial) forces. Based on a very popular TV series with the Kolchak character, this series died a rapid death in the mid-1970s due to low ratings, but still keeps a strong cult after today. But will the average daily vista be able to dig Kolchak and his weekly confrontations with the undead? <br /> <br /> This is actually a difficult question to answer correctly. Detractors in this series tend to claim that it is dated with forms and hopelessness. On the other hand, fans claim that it is written intelligently, well acted, and sometimes really scary. And I? I have one foot in both camps. I really enjoyed watching recently all 20 episodes of Kolchak on DVD, although I clearly see that the series has major flaws. I will address the question whether Kolchak is "fiction" formulated first. Now, I think we all agree that most television shows have formulas - almost every episode in Columbo is running the same pattern, for example. Repetition is not necessarily a bad thing in itself; in fact, critics have long recognized that audiences often enjoy and actively seek repetitive entertainment. However, the problem with Kolchak is that his formula is simply too rigid - too repetitive even by the most generous standards. In almost every episode, Kolchak investigates a murder and assesses that he was committed in a monster form. He tries to publish a story about this monster, but his editor, Vincenzo, blocks it, always on the grounds that Kolchak has not enough evidence to support his claims that supernatural forces are at work. And, unfortunately, Kolchak is also prevented by the police. So, in the end, Kolchak does some independent research on the monster, shows how to kill her ... and then kills her. Without ceremony, reward or writing a big story about it. You can see where you can get tiring this formula so strict, right? I am particularly mistaken by Vincenzo - if Kolchak continues to see monsters, and Vincenzo never thinks ... Well, then, why does Vincenzo not shoot or oblige him? That would make any boss normal. But the series avoids this realism and prefers to keep Vincenzo and Kolchak as comic antagonists. As a result, many of their scenes together are profoundly incredible - though they are quite funny. The best episodes of Kolchak manage to rise beyond the limits of this formulation, however, usually because they contain some kind of unexpected upsurge. These selected episodes are pretty good that I think they are largely immune to the typical series critics. Some of my favorites include: Horror in Heights - an episode that is noteworthy to be dirty, inventive and socially conscious. Kolchak's dialogue has an unusually sharp and cynical edge. While adhering closely to Kolchak's formula, the script (written by Jimmy Sangster, a veteran of Hammer Studios) is remarkable to learn and collapses deep into the monster's ass. The devil platform - a possible inspiration for the film "Omen," this episode comes to light because the villain - a very young couple Tom Skerritt - is tempting Kolchak with a gracious satanic contract (and thus reveals much about the character of the reporter ) Firefall - This episode seems to have a bad reputation among fans, but I liked it because it has a great red herring and a really creepy monster, almost unstoppable. I've assigned you these three episodes of praise, I would say most of the stories are fun at least. For my money, there are only two complete turkeys in the run of 20 episodes: Primal Scream, about monkeys taking place in Chicago, and about Sentry showing the makeup creatures showing in the history of filming entertainment, and this evaluation comes from a Doctor Who -Who and Godzilla throughout life!) Libra, then, this is a good series. A little repetitive, maybe a little cheese, but it has elements of greatness. Even during the weaker episodes, Darren McGavin's wonderful spectacle, like Kolchak, caustic, tired of the world, really amusing, really shines. He bears the series effortlessly, in a way that, for example, Sarah Michelle Gellar never managed to make Buffy. McGavin was a great personality actor, and this series is only worth watching for him.
