A few years ago, I bought (and I enjoyed) the double-featured MGM DVD of two TV films "Kolchak", THE NIGHT STALKER (1971) and THE NIGHT STRANGLER (1972). When the Universal TV series set came up, I was going to buy it right away; but the rumors about the issues of playing with dreaded DVDs prevent me from adding to my collection; I recently placed an online order that consisted of a set of Universal Box Set and decided to take KOLCHAK 3-Discer. After I watched him now, I can safely say that I have not regretted that he will acquire this series of beloved crime / concern (if short-lived): he can follow a standardized formula - the journalist Carl Kolchak, remarkably interpreted by Darren McGavin, falls into everyone's hair with his Oakland attitude, long-time colleagues, authoritarian figures, a lot of monsters and villains) faces the inevitable (and supernatural) threat alone, but ultimately is pressured to - and keeps the story undercover - but a winning one stimulated by an impressive series of stars and noteworthy credits behind the scenes, making the show very entertaining. That being said, the quality differs from one episode to another, and modest budgets have yielded specific results of makeup effects that sometimes leave much to be desired (eg the werewolf in the homonymous entrance and the alligatoral creature in the last installment) - not to mention that they were limited to 50-minute programs for family consumption to boot, rather exclude a simplified and sound rendering of its often psychological and metaphysical themes (in the case of the werewolf, he again did not never saw anyone biting, but, somewhat stupid, it's just to throw people around)! <br /> <br /> While the cynical narrative of the hero has a lot to pull one into fantastic plots, there is a healthy dose of comedy relaxation involved in each episode (often, but not exclusively, around McGavin's relationship with Oakland or reporter geeky Jack Grinnage) - not to say anything about a reasonable atmosphere (the setting, for the most part, is Chicago) and suspense. To make the walk even more enjoyable, there is a bouncy score by Gil Melle and Jerry Fielding. For recording, the monsters encountered (but not always defeated) by Kolchak throughout the series are: a revived Jack The Ripper, a variety of cults (voodoo, native american, aztec), aliens, vampires, werewolves (going over his concept too familiar, having a complete custom episode on a cruise ship!), Doppelganger, Satanist, creature swamp, electricity table, robot, apeman, wizard, headless biker, succubus, a knight armor, taking a living life Crime (the best contributing episode - with John Dehner as a morose police captain, Hans Conried and Robert Emhardt), Helen Of Troy (!) And the crocodile. Some actors (apart from those who play Kolchak's colleagues) return to the same roles - Keenan Wynn and Ramon Bieri (both as law officers), John Fiedler (as a rough morgue) and Richard Kiel as two the nemesis of the hero. If I were pressured to choose the best (or the most fun) episodes, I would go to HORROR IN HEIGHTS (along with Phil Silvers and Abraham Sofaer) and the above (for the reasons I have already explained) and CHOPPER (based on a story written by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale!). Unfortunately, the set does not contain an extract: it would have been nice to see a feature that would discuss the many concepts approached in KOLCHAK: NIGHT STALKER, as well as introduce the series in the context of the TV when it was originally broadcast or even denoting the influence she had on the seemingly endless phase of the popular science fiction series today. In fact, Kolchak himself - in a much younger and seemingly darker way - has returned to a revival since 2005; this version is available at the local DVD rental store ... but for various reasons I'm not sure I would like to check it out soon after the 1974-5 classic!
