There are two distinct ways to enjoy this show with a brief, seminal ("godfather" to X-Files and Buffy, etc.); as a monster show (it scared me when I was a kid!), or as a gingasho / film-noir well written / acted. Works on both levels. Scarcity may have been diluted over the years (it was done in the mid-1970s), but I was pleasantly surprised by the rediscovery of the show (through DVD) that I enjoy it now for more of the last reasons. Darrell McGavin, Karl Kolchak, is an eccentric, tenacious, news wizard who, in search of a story, always finds a supernatural angle; more for the pain of Kolchak, prestigious, put-on boss Tony Vincenzo (played with huge world-fatigue by also late, great Simon Oakland, you can practically feel the pain of his thriving ulcer!). The interplay between these characters is crackling and witchcraft (just like Spock and McCoy from STAR TREK, more acidic!). During two pilot televisions and a series of one season, Kolchack fought vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government conspiracies, aliens and old legends (sounds like the entire X-Files edition! !). And Kolchak did it first! As for Gil Melle's main musical melody ... well, X-creator Chris Carter calls the main theme of Mike Snow's title, a "tribute." Both themes work well; leave it to that. And unlike many contemporary horror / sci-fi shows, most of KOLCHAK's monsters are shown in shadow and in rapid reductions (effectively and sometimes fortunately, as some are not subject to modern attention) Modern horror events take Note: One is one of the few defects of the show (and it is a small one) is the excessive use of sunny places in California that pass through the city of Chicago, GALLERY NIGHT had the same problem, inevitably for a show based on a modest budget, LA And some of the supporting characters seem to fit into what they are (now) seen as clichés (the effeminate reporter, Ron Updike, always used for the kindness of the comic, cute, old / journalist Emily). all their moments to shine (WHERE more support TV characters because, cliché or not!) KOLCHAK is an endless show that ser it's like a template for many who have followed. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for a horror television show (agent Mulder's REAL tat). And, as a footnote, I tried to track a few episodes of the new "re-imagination" of the show. Is it an X-Files clone (a copy of a copy?). And one bad at this. Carl Kolchak is now a pretty, angstous 30-something model (played dismally by a boring Stuart Townsend). And offering her a Scully type partner is also a tough idea; undermines Kolchak as a single cruiser Don Quixote! And Kolchak and Vincenzo GETTING ALGG? Where's the tension? Interplay site? That they chose to hang the name KOLCHAK on this regurgited bit O'Crap is a prime example of how not to make a remake: Take a series of loved cult, scrape off everything unique about it, drain from all the character and color name! You need cult believe!), And voila! Instant re-hash! It becomes an "F" in "Re-Imaginings 101"! This new version of the DESERVED ax! Stick to the short, but classic classic. She gets really better with her age.
