WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILS (but not really - keep reading). There are so many reasons to become completely dependent on this precious stones, so that there will not be a list of them all. The opening credits set up a playful scene with late 1950s kitsch photos; a delightful theme of Peres 'Prez' Prado mambo, which seems to be unbelievable curiosity (but his astonishment is unmistakable and no one has done it); and with well-known names, including Kathy Najimi, a full year before being hit with Sister Acts 1 and 2, as well as Teri Hatcher of the television Superman. Each scene is impressed with deep injustices to various actors, actresses and television producers during the day. Looking behind these people's careers is just an excuse for an old, delicious fashion farce. Robert Harling wrote this evil spoil playing as a problem with MAD, but feels like a gift to us in public. Some of the cliche characters are a little dwindled, but everyone is moving with high jealousy, especially against Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), which is the winning story of the perennial prize called "Sweetheart America." The Golden Emmies Award, which was presented to us during the day, introduces us to Celeste's show, The Sun Also Sets. Against all the worst worries, Celeste wins again. She is glad, because it is always "such a genuine enthusiasm": "Adam, have you seen? We have won ... Well, nguh ..." The reason why Adam's absence soon becomes the justification of the whole plot and we are instant travel with Celeste's neuroses. She yells, gnashles and pulls her hands along the rest of the film, while her Tawnee toilet (Kathy Najimi, constantly spinning after Celeste, unseen through the celestial fog of paranoia) likes a taste for Tammy Faye Baker , for which Tawnee had in fact been especially engaged. Rosie Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) saw it before. She is the main writer of the show, and she and Celeste have been excellent support networks for each other for 15 years. So, when Celeste is weird, Rosie offers to write on the show for six months: "We'll say that Maggie went to visit the Dalai Lama." But Celeste has doubts: "I thought the Dalai Lama moved to LA." "Then another blade, Fernando Lamas, come on!" Such a defeat line must be rather offended by Lorenzo Lamas, the son of Fernando Lamas, who still lived alive (1982). Those who can remember economics teacher (Ben Stein) on the day of Ferris Bueller Off (1986), while critically calling it ("Bueller Bueller Bueller"), will be pleased to see him again as writer in nitwit. Another well-hidden member of the cast includes Garry Marshall (in real life, Mr Happy Days and Penny's brother), who "gets $ 1.2 million to make order decisions" on "The Sun Also Set" "and" Carrie Fisher "as Betsy Faye Sharon, who is" a bitch. "Geoffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) is the" delicious spoon "dinner theater (and he is, by the way) an actor now saved by Hell by David Seaton Barnes (Robert Downey Jr), and brought back to the same show was preserved for 20 years earlier. Of course, this presents some logical challenges for current screenwriters because his character, Rod Randall, should have to be beheaded with all those years ago. In a way, they face logical difficulties, and Geoffrey Anderson moves away from the choo-choo. "Celeste may get worse now, and her trick to cross the Washington Bridge no longer help the hands shake as they try to put their mascara, but soon degenerate into a stalker. Unfortunately, he can not escape Geoffrey Anderson so easily. Geoffrey was promised to develop his unique Hamlet game and intends to keep the producer in that promise. "I'm not going back to Florida like no!", Argues Geoffrey. "Try playing Willie Loman in front of a bunch of old pranks who eat pork!" And indeed, seeing Geoffrey's lifestyle lifestyle, among all the mistakes and accidents, he's hilarious. Back in Florida, in his fat suit Willie Loman in his room, Geoffrey Anderson used to avoid being called to the stage like "Mr. Loman." He was forced to spit, no matter what the bugs collided on the TV with a shoe, and use pliers instead of the broken analogue channel changer. Now he finds himself as a yummy surgeon who meets Laurie Craven, the new invention of the show; so he does not leave. The beautiful Elizabeth Shue (just like Laurie) concludes the extraordinary overall show that does all the fantastic job of those who know the stereotypes well. But, of course, the course to true love did not work smoothly. Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty) gets anxious waiting for her star to rise and becomes more and more desperate for publicity. Will her payments eventually succeed? Will Celeste get his nerves, or will he kill Tawnee first? The manufacturer will receive Mr. Fuzzy? - You just have to look at the second half of this absolutely wonderful and mischievous uprising. And you really have to think that Geoffrey, with a brief look, reads his glasses without live glasses on TelePrompter. If you are not in stitches with laughter and tears that throw in the stomach and tears that pour on your face, you can not ask for the money back for renting the video. Soapdish (1991) is an unforgettable gem that you will have to see again and again, because it is often not the case that a movie can be delivered so vast with so many hilarious lines. This is a very well-done humor, almost all written. A draw with Sad Sadles (1974) for an apoplexist, albeit different, value. Look and cry. A happy source for anyone's video addiction. 10 out of 10.
