When originally introduced in America in 1972, "The Night Stalker" became the most highly rated T.V. film in history. Based on Jeff Rice's unpublished novel, he said how a fearless investigative reporter called Carl Kolchak (late Darren McGavin) discovered the existence of a vampire in modern Las Vegas. When he arrived in British television four years later, he did not have the same impact, but my friends talk about it at school on the morning of Monday, as I really was. We all agreed that it was one of the most interesting things he had seen. <br /> <br /> I did not know about the existence of "The Night Strangler" until it appeared almost a decade later. I.TV, who filmed "Kolchak", seems to have decided to pass the spin-off series; they felt "Barnaby Jones" in which Buddy Ebsen played more, and viewers could confuse "Kolchak" with "Kojak"! For years, my only source of information about the show was an article in the Fangoria magazine. I could not even buy Jeff Rice's novels. Then something wonderful happened. In 1990, B.B.C-2 launched the show in the late Friday series, dedicated to the supernatural "Train Mystery," hosted by Richard O'Brian. "Kolchak" felt rubbed his shoulders with "The Einers Brain" and "Earth Vs. The Spider". The opening titles were embellished, removing Kolchak's whistle and closing credits ... well, they did not exist. The first episode that was visited was "Werewolf". I can not say I was too impressed, but I stayed with him and I'm glad I did it! I really would have liked to see him in 1974. My twenty-year-old self would have worshiped it. Creepy, humorous, exciting, no wonder he fired Chris Carter's imagination. <br /> <br /> The biggest advantage of the show was, of course, McGavin. Unlike the recent Kolchak, the original was a human figure, eccentrically dressed, quite conservative. He was supernatural what "Columbo" was to criminality. Also, Simon Oakland, who came in late, was great as Kolchak's boss, Tony Vincenzo. The Scriptures have been filled with a wonderful, dry spirit. I found myself enjoying the program more for humor content than horror. When the twenty episodes ceased, I felt fearless. The "X Files" appeared a few years later and filled the gaps - but only to a certain extent. I wanted Kolchak and Vincenzo back. I'm glad the show has never been revived. Without Oakland it would not have been the same. I now have rice books and have read them many times. I was very surprised when Stephen King planned the first (in his book "Danse Macabre"), because it is as good as anything he wrote. <br /> <br /> Well, so some of the monsters were hard-to-state, but what? The new "Kolchak" completely missed the original point. What you do not see is sometimes more frightening than what you do ... The Best Episode - "Horror In Heights" - "Sentry"
