I loved KOLCHAK: NIGHT STALKER ever since I saw him the night he premiered on September 13, 1974. I liked monsters that seemed scary and cool music by Gil Melle (hey, where are the boys sound - often thinking about what makes this show work for me so completely and finally concluded that the reason it suffers when many others are not a simple, important element that has almost no other scenario Scary Scary seems to have and this is a main character most people can relate to a daily level When Darren McGavin's Carl Kolchak begins to discover strange situations he reacts like most people do. strange, and as he approaches danger, he is frightened, even though he knows he has to go ahead to try to defeat any threat in this episode. brave enough to oppose a certain supernatural superior force. He usually has a trap and is hiding or waiting in his wings to see if he works. Sometimes he seems so surprised he has managed to defeat a shower like we are. In an episode, he goes to find a monster in a canal, but when he sees it for the first time, he goes to get inside, but he's so reluctant, he has to go back and defend himself. He's heroic because he's willing to do things that most of us probably would not, but that does not mean that he probably would not rather be someone else if he did it for him. He's an ordinary guy, he's doing his job, trying to make a dollar, not a monster hunter. He only wraps things that involve the supernatural, of which he has an interest, but does not want to be hurt or killed more than any of us. If his plan to defeat the creature did not work, you will often see him let him alive to get rid of him, which of course I would do in this situation. That's why I often look at the top of the show with my fingers as a child. Kolchak was nice and you would care if anything bad happened to her. You were afraid for him and the other characters. Producers and writers obviously knew that anyone can create a monster suit, scary music, and can straighten a scene with suspense, but it's nothing for nothing if you do not care about the characters. Darren McGavin said the reason the show lasted only during the season was because she was tired of making a "monster of the week" show and decided not to go on. I can tell you that I was crying when this show was canceled when I was a child, but as an adult I see why it could not last long in this formula. I still like the 20 episodes and two films that played McGavin as a blasphemous reporter, determined and insensitive, but willingly for the INS, known as Carl Kolchak. I seriously doubt that someone doing shows or movies will ever understand why I liked the show. There are no monsters, dark sets, creepy music or hidden stars, though they are all vital ingredients. The secret of his success is right there in the title - "Kolchak: The Night Stalker". Without McGavin's strike, which faces Carl Kolchak to twist and care for him, he's just not a Night Stalker.
