It's hard to look at this movie without thinking about the television show it will become, especially if, like me, you'll enjoy the TV show more. But there is much to say about the source. Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau) is a New York sportsman who lives alone in an eight-room apartment, a divorce accident and his own stubborn. Enter his friend Felix Ungar (Jack Lemmon), who needs a place to live after his wife threw him out for his stubborn mentality. The result is a train wreck and one of the most beloved film adaptations of Neil Simon. The first thing is first: I like this apartment! The poker table, novelty darts, askew photos of baseball players, empty beans and beer containers, even a pair of Roman columns. It's a place where people can be boys. Simon and director Gene Saks are doing a great job opening the only scene set, Oscar's living room, moving into bedroom and kitchen, and rising tension between Oscar and Felix to get out of the corners. <br /> <br /> Neal Hefti's familiar score was heard on the TV show, but it was never as orchestrated as it is here in several different arrangements that make the on-screen action increase or how many times they play. Manhattan's real-world location and night shots give the film a common energy to the films shot in that place and over time ("Buddwing," Henry Orient's World, "Midnight Cowboy," "Manchurian Candidate," "Rosemary's Baby "etc.) Are Lemmon and Matthau too heavy compared to Tony Randall and Jack Klugman? To be fair, the film must be a more serious business to deal with a less common condition of half-life divorce and frustration inherent in the lack of a working relationship. Simon has more in mind than Felix and Oscar in a "Password" or a battle of intelligence with Howard Cosell. But I do not know ... Both Lemmon and Matthau were extraordinary comedies I like to watch especially in the middle of the movie, as they often do in their separate films, but I never understood why they were regarded as a great the comedy team. Here, in the best-known partnership, they seem to act in two different films; Lemmon in a comedy drama and Matthau in a hoax. Matthau is great at the beginning, we are thrilled with his plush beard behavior around the poker table, but near the end of the movie, he returns like Jack Torrance in "The Shining," reacting to Felix cleaning his apartment and serving tasty food for his friends in a way that totally upsets the delicate balance of guilt. While the end is bothering me, the part that many see as the most stomach, the beginning, works well as I see it. Watching Felix stumble for trying to commit suicide is not a great comedy, no, but it's a good way to get into a big comedy that set us up with real pain before we bring it heat and laughter. (In addition, he has some wonderful pictures of the poor parts of the city.) In the middle of the movie, this scene would have been a wrong calculation, but it works as a way to establish Felix's torment and a sense of easy relief to come when we see that Oscar and his poker friends are bicker and feud. <br /> <br /> Here Simon's lines are so great. These are the fundamental force of the film. He becomes a banter just right and real, and it still makes fun. "I do not mind talking, Felix, you have something to say. What scares me is that I'm starting to listen. The TV show has shown how wrong it is to assume that the movie is always better, in fact, the TV show has once made a good point about "assuming" something, but the film is a solid foundation and it is a joy in itself.
