Bill Crain's film, rarely "rarely" does not follow the guidelines and standard standards that have become so essential to his counterparts. Bogeyman this time uses grenades and small arms, as well as a great range of body weapons; - a sin that is virtually unacceptable in most post-Halloween genres. But there is still enough familiarity to keep your buddies from checking up the regulatory book, and the plot never goes too far from the path you've grown. As surprisingly decent, Wally Koz's 555 appeared, with the help of various members of his family, Mirage seems to have been a common production from the director's relatives. Looking through credits, I noticed numerous "Crains" listed in key positions throughout the construction of the feature. Despite the fairly good distribution across the globe, the film failed to make an impression on the Atlantic side and has now become almost a ghost of the VHS market. However, this only made me even more appealing to me and so I tightened my resources to track down a copy ?? <br /> <br /> Everything takes place in the middle of the desert, which, as I'm sure you will agree, is hardly the most interesting place. However, I have to admit that there will be no chance to unexpectedly return any of John Q's laws. Four undeniably beautiful young men head for the sand for a night of despondency and stutter that always seems to rub the maniacal homicide the wrong way. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her friend, Greg (Kenny Johnson), meet with new hip-hop Trip (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton) in a change camp in the middle of the vault. Greg's older brother, Kyle (Todd Schaefer), and Bambi's girlfriend (Laura Albert) soon return to join the applicants in search of an early tomb. Did Kyle use Chris before his younger brother gave up his freedom to steal his squeeze? something Kyle does not seem too keen to forget. Call it a reason for a massacre? Well, what would you expect? No longer, an unseen person driving a truck with colored windows joins the meeting with a unique set of tricks in his sleeve. Will any of the children survive a sequel? <br /> <br /> I have had trouble tracking any information about this feature. I do not even know if director Bill Crain is known as William Crain? the man behind Midnight Fear and Blacula, among others. Mirage certainly does not appear in his official film, so your guess is as good as mine. Judging by the credible work behind the room, I have to say that I find it hard to believe that this is the debut of a man without previous cinematic experience. The film is elegantly photographed with a superb work by DP Michael Crain, and the director has a credible talent to build suspense when needed. R. Christopher Biggs "Gore FX are imaginatively created and terrible, and kudos to the sleepy head over to the BBFC which inexplicably let this pass through UNCUT on a strictly strictly 18. Rating Some crimes are really extremely macabre. buried to his neck in the sand, before confronting a grenade, while another really ends up losing his battle with a chain and a lifting truck! but when he revealed that he resembled Keanu Reeves around Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey, I did not know exactly what he was doing Fortunately, Crain knows exactly how to keep things creepy and the showdown is particularly mind-boggling as the sadistic Chris taunts. surprisingly good on screen from an extremely inexperienced expression. Divine Jennifer McAllister does a great job as a heroine and B.G. Steers portrays his rocker dementia with finesse. The casting director chose wisely to choose some of the most beautiful females ever slaughtered in the slasher cinema and, with gratitude, do not come at the cost of the Spanish potential. The soundtrack works well to build up the desolate isolation atmosphere, which is carefully treated by a director who should have been signed and cared for by Hollywood puppets. Beware of the superb sequence of nightmare, which is truly a horror movie in which it is the most freakest. Mirage is a good entry at the end of the cycle, which was somewhat unhappy to lose a year of boom among the elite slasher. When you think this was only done with a seven-piece cast and a pickup truck, you have to say they did a good job. The defects are numerous but never diminish the credibility of the net result. Unfortunately, you probably had more chances to find golden liquid in the coffee mug than you ever have to track a copy of. If you see this dust covered on the top shelf of your local video store, be sure to pick it up. Recommended.
