Some of the best movies that are classified as "comedies" actually fade away between comedy and drama. "Graduate" and "Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid", which were made in the late 1960s, are perfect examples. Are comedies with dramatic subtleties or dramas with much humor? In many ways, the "Weird Couple" falls into the same category of being both comedy and dramatically dramatic, deeply related to human nature. Much of what's going on can be fun to the audience, but the characters do not laugh. Despite the serious TV show of the 1970s, the original "Weird Couple" is not just a neat guy and a dirty guy who is forced to live together because of the marital situation. It's about two opposites, who have to face up to why their marriages broke up and how their damaging idiosyncrasies unfold outside their marriage. The neatness, the feature of Felix Ungar (Jack Lemon perfectly expressed) and the misery, the feature of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau), are just beginning and somewhat superficial. As the story unfolds, we see that there is much more to these men than to the simplicity of disorder. In short, the story is really about Felix Ungar, who has to face an imminent divorce from his wife, Francis, whom we never meet, but he is an important character throughout the story. On the point of committing suicide, Ungar goes to the only place he knows: Oscar Madison's apartment, where a group of poker friends spend so often. We learn that Hungarian is not just a member of this "poker club," but the group knows what's going on with him and tries, in their incessant ways, to help. Madison is the best way to help Hungarian let him move with him until his suicidal tendencies are wiped out. Unfortunately, for Madison, he does not know what he's getting involved with. Madison is happily happy, if it is quite irresponsible, that the fridge was last cleansed, probably when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks is to grab the mold cheese and stick them between two pieces of bread and then throw the contents of a bag of chips on the table. On the other hand, enjoying the drink and the women, in short, having a good time. <br /> <br /> Ungar is not entirely different, it is diametrically opposed. He is not just an obsessive observer who finds more joy in disinfecting the apartment than meeting women, but he knows more than most women about cooking and fine food. At one point, he calls his ex-wife, not to talk about reconciliation, but to take his beef recipe. At one point, Ungar was going to spend the rest of his cabbage night for coleslaw. When Madison seems unpressed, Ungar finally confesses that he does it only for his roommate because he can not stand. Who is this guy? But it has another charming feature: Felix is ​​also a hippocampus. He obsesses about his health to the point where he makes strange noises in public places, claiming that he helps his sinuses. He seems to have all the health of the book. And if he did more, probably Felix would have. Eventually, he is too much self-absorbed. Running throughout the movie is a reference to marriage. At a time when Madison tries to persuade Hungarian to enter, she says, "What do you want, a wedding ring?" But he knows he's not the kind he can not handle with the disorderly type, but the other way around. Their friendship becomes an inappropriate relationship. And the climax comes when Oscar invites two British sisters to come together with both comic and tragic results. This is one of the best comedies of its kind written and not to be missed with superlative performances by Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon in hard-to-imagine roles better played by anyone else. It is regrettable that the writing of this caliber is sad from the most comedies produced today.
