The original movie, The Couple Odd, has some wonderful comics. The whole world seems to know the story of Felix Ungar, a strange neurotic, and Oscar Madison, funny and unpleasant. This paraphrasing of inappropriate roommates created one of the most successful television series of all time, as well as countless, not nearly as good imitations. The Odd Couple has some wonderful jokes about Oscar's apartment and about him foolish habits. He says, "Who wants food?" One of his poker friends asks, "What do you have?" Oscar says, "I have brown sandwiches and green sandwiches." - What's brown? It is very new cheese or very old meat! "I also like the Oscar refrigerator line:" I've been dysfunctional for two weeks, I've seen milk standing there and it's not in a bottle! "that Walter Matthau's Oscar Madison is a joy to watch on the screen is almost as good as Jack Klugman's version of the TV series. The film's problem is Jack Lemmon's Felix Ungar , very loud, honest, to make Felix SO depressing and downward, as he becomes more annoying than comic. Tony Randall's production in series brought some kind of humor, warmth and sensibility to Felix's character on who misses Lemmon's portrayal, obviously Felix Unger's Tony could have been annoying in some cases, but in the television series he referred to specific situations in which was needed annoyance in the story of Jack Felix Ungar (notes different orthography ) The film, seems to never be happy, entertaining or entertaining. The film Felix Ungar is a roommate who leads you to the wall all the time. The film still has wonderful moments that resist the test of time, the famous fight with the meat is one ofthe biggest scenes! One of Felix's other wonderful examples of Oscar's pillow will be remembered forever. However, there are several darker sides, where Oscar goes over the top, his "cry" at the end, after they have stripped Felix, and a scene involving Felix's Linguine dinner (though lighted by a funny line) seems more depressing than comical. br /> <br /> Perhaps there was not enough time to see the lightest part of those characters that made the series so memorable in the movie. The first 20 minutes are very dull. The same problem happens with Felix's conversation with Pidgeon sisters. The end of the movie is predictable and too clear. There is very little care or compassion for each of them by the other. The result is that the darker part of the film leads to a lot of depression and anger, rather than comedy, unless you look at the great scenes described above. It seems that Jack Lemmon of Felix's monotonous character brings the film rather than enriches or embraces the comedy of the characters. He really took the 1970 television series to make The Couple strange the best thing he could be. The original film is still very good. However, the TV series is much better.
