I do not think I gave Walter Matthau a comedian. He was certainly wonderful in many light roles, but I think I have always put success on the mistakes and ruthlessness of his characters, a contrast that is unclear with the flamboyant personality of his co-star Jack Lemmon, and I suppose the extension of his previous work in dramatic images. Following Gene Saks' 'The Couple Odd (1968)', adapted from a popular game by Neil Simon, the sudden accomplishment clicked on: Matthau is, in itself, absolutely hilarious! Initially, striking the audience as dirty, brutal and generally untouched, Oscar Madison eventually succeeds in seeing in our hearts, culminating in a harassing confession of emotions that Matthau browses in a voice that is not entirely entirely. At the same time, while holding him as a comic, his interaction with Lemmon is, of course, perfect; Indeed, the movie belongs rightly to the two actors who have never managed to turn on the screen of the cinema, not to mention together. We remind Billy Wilder's screenplay for "The Apartment (1960)," which Neil Simon's comedy is building around a rather morbid premise. Compulsive housing curator Felix Unger (Lemmon), who has just been evicted by his twelve- he tries to commit suicide, but abandons this idea without thinking after he has overturned his back trying to open the window of the hotel. Dispossessed, he arrives at the house of his good friend Oscar (Matthau), a divorcee who lives alone on a diet of potato chips and green sandwiches which could contain either very new cheese or very old meat!) Oscar gives Felix a place to stay, but is soon overwhelmed by his friend's fine personality and constant insistence on absolute cleanliness The pair forms an arrangement unusual marriage, and Felix assumes the role of his effeminate wife and continuously-nagging, and the Oscar as a negligent husband, I do not want that's always coming home later than he should have. This is a marriage that barely lasts for three weeks, and until the end of it we can feel completely with Felix's ex-wife, who remains unseen. The "weird couple" is an extraordinary comedy, especially because it has a lot of heart. For all their arguments, it is obvious that the two roommates have a lot of affection for each other, most often seen when Felix tries to launch in an angry thirst instead of? maybe inadvertently? ending with informing Oscar about his "peaks". The four poker friends (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haines) always showed up about an obscure obsession, but you can not deny that they had the best intentions. Their decision to treat Felix as if nothing had happened might have sounded good in theory, but perhaps ignored was not the right solution for the bleak feelings of Felix's inadequacy and nonconstancality. Unlike some popular theater comedies (I was recently disappointed by "The Seven Year Itch (1955)" by Wilder, this film does not just hit the same string and the relationship between the two leaders is progressively developed by tears, laughter and much disagreement.
