There is much to offer in opening The Couple Odd than in most of the films. Felix Unger (monogram of the poor even curses him) checks in a hotel in New York. A cleaning lady says, "Good night." "Goodbye," he says back. In his room he empties his pockets, then struggles to take off his wedding ring just to put the objects in an envelope addressed to his wife and loved ones. When the viewer finally puts it together? aha, will he leave himself? Are we watching him fight to open the window? oh no, he will jump ?? The poor guy hurt his lower back. Is this all you need to know about Felix Unger? his wife left him, is a compulsive curator and a hypochondriac. And all in one scene. Is that the special genius of Neil Simon's comedy? it is about situation and character. Are there any obvious physical jokes? no blow to swallow, no cheap gag? just funny characters in awkward situations. And, of course, he is a master of manipulating audience expectations. Coming from Swingers, imagine what I thought in the scene when Felix began to complain about the separation of his marriage with the girls whom his roommate, Oscar, worked so hard to enter his apartment. It blows it, does not it? Think it over. Girls love their sensitivity, the ability to cry in front of them. They have invited him back to their place since their fodder was burned, for Oscar did not pay enough attention. It's in Flynn, right? Yeah, but she does not want to go with the girls because she feels vulnerable. Wonderful things. And it's made even bigger with a style that minimizes editing and maximizes the wonderful set of eight-room apartments. You took Jack Lemmon and Walchy Matthau for a drink, why did you do it? The visual style reminded me of breakfast at Tiffany, where the great effect is made of the depth of the field and the interaction between the different action plans. Especially memorable is the scene in which Felix, running from Oscar, closes a partition just to realize that the partition does not cover where the Oscar comes from. You have a true sense of the layout of the apartment and, thus, of the approach of the two divorced. Turn around here is that these two are really married? each other. Thus, observations about married life that could be ignored in an ordinary romantic comedy are all the more painful, since there are two guys.
