In the 1930s, studios will use short films like this type of test for new actors, given their relative production ease compared to feature films, so it is interesting that Shirley Temple should play it itself as the most famous star of all time. Then it was probably not the one that was tested, I would have imagined it was Frank Coghlan Jr., who played Shirley's son, Sonny, in the film and played less impressive performance. Then, a 9-year-old Shirley temple was probably not an easy act to accompany. The film opens with an unimpressive gaze that implies an unclear ceiling, which I suppose was designed to have the Shirley Temple to have a scornful glance at the ceiling, illustrate the status of the family working class in the film, and provide a clean transition in the next scene, which gives Shirley a glowing glow. and his father makes occasional and terrible efforts to hide the fact that he wants to give Sonny a dog he really wants for himself, but Sonny is afraid of dogs because he was bite only once and has been dragged ever since. It is curious that when his father insists on getting a dog, Sonny decides to run home rather than have a dog in his house and as he runs away, he is curious and the film illustrates what he seems to be indifference to homeless people, overcoming even the stunning indifference that exists today. Sonny passes a kind of man cooking in an iron skillet on the railroad (right after a train flew by which, considering how close the tracks were, would you think he would have thrown it off the type on the track, but it does not matter). After Sonny gives up breakfast, thanks to the sour vision of his joyous smile, he continues and the homeless man disappears from the film. It's interesting to think about what a long movie would do, because it leaves this guy poor as a free end. Not that that matters, Sonny soon listens to a dog shouting under her feet when she passes, and jumps down to find a dog covered in burrs. It would seem that he took the dog right away and adopted him since he left home because of dog fear, but it seemed to me that he was just reminded of his power over the dogs, but of their lack of power over him. As soon as he saw a dog in need, he overcame his fear. If that's all I need, I have to find a helpless spider and I'm put! <br /> <br /> It's a very convenient movie in which everything works exactly as it is supposed to, but it's pretty nice and pretty nice (and pretty short, as it was) to be a fun movie. We do not already expect an epic film in a 19 minute film, but Pardon My Pups is still bathed in a substantial amount of story and character development in its short runtime. And it also has a battle scene at the end of the movie, which must have made Charlie Chaplin proud. I'm not an expert on Shirley Temple's movies, but it's not hard to see how he became the most famous star of all time.
