I received this film from a cousin from Norway and I had to convert it from Norwegian to American with a copied video. By comparing this film (1948) with Heroes of Telemark (1965), Kampen om Tungtvannet (Fight for Heavy Water) throws the saboteurs themselves, playing their roles, although the actors were also involved in the roles of the robots who gave their life to the struggle for Norway's freedom in subsequent campaigns. The plot is in four languages: Norwegian, along with French, German and English (complete with Norwegian subtitles). <br /> <br /> Impressive during this history was what led to the battle. French scientists were interested in getting two hundred pounds of heavy water from Norsk Hydro in Vemork to take back to France to do laboratory studies on its effectiveness. At the same time, the Nazis were interested in getting heavy water to build a secret weapon. The French were worried that the Nazis could have led early by invading Norway, and by secret codes, their man carefully circumvented the Nazi spies on his trip to Oslo, where he received heavy water and managed to get him back without obstacles . He was followed by two spies when he boarded a plane, but they did not see him coming out of the other side where he crossed the asphalt in another nearby plane where his cargo was waiting for him. This clever trick worked by using the plane as a bait that the Nazis later forced into Hamburg. However, the invasion of Norway on the morning of 9 April 1940, the Nazis took over Norsk Hydro and had to take action against the Norwegian Underground and British intelligence service in London. Professor Leif Trondstad volunteered the services of eleven Norwegian youths; "Swallow" and "Gunnerside" groups that would successfully sabotage heavy water production in Vemork. This was shown in detail on how they actually carried out the operation, including the diving of the ferry, after the Nazis abandoned Norsk Hydro to take the heavy water transfer on trains to Berlin. The quality of the movie was fair, although there were several shots in the film. I recommend this film to everyone interested in the history of the Second World War.
