"In April 1946, the University of Chicago agreed to operate the Argonne National Laboratory with an association of Midwestern universities that sponsored research. Argonne thus became the first" national "lab but did not stay in its original location in 1947 , moved further west of Windy City to a new location in Illinois farmland. In 1947, when Alvin Weinberg visited Argonne's director Walter Zinn, he asked him what kind of reactor was to be built when Zinn described a heavy water reactor operating at one-tenth of the Oak Ridge materials test reactor power, Weinberg joked that it would be simpler if Zinn took the Oak Ridge design and operated the test reactor materials at a capacity of one tenth. The work turned out to be unintended prophecy. "The S-50 plant used convection to separate isotopes into thousands of high columns. It was built near the K-25, which provided the necessary steam. Much less efficient than the K-25, the S-50 was destroyed after the war. Given that the research program of the Atomic Energy Commission may become too academic, Lilienthal has set up a committee of industrial advisers, and during a visit to Oak Ridge in November, he discussed with Carbide & Carbon's Clark Center subsidiary of Union Carbide Corporation at Oak Ridge, the opportunity to assume the laboratory administration. Henry (de Prusia) Arriving in Washington and visiting the German Embassy (1902). Obviously, with Prince Henry of Prussia in accordance with the principles of science and their dangers, they were already concerned with the applications of the new science with military applications. Hohenzollern (1902 / II), "the splendid yacht of Kaiser Wilhelm, located at the 34th St. Pier, New York, at the exact time of Prince Henry's arrival and the rise of the royal standard." If he knew about these precautions necessary for the well-being of the citizen, then what was the necessity of the war, the first and the second world war. The quality of the driving control they assume? So, Commanders of Sworn volunteer operation for a military mission or business plan, based on the safety principles of laboratory management? Because they are supposed to be not survivors, and those who were caught in Europe have ordered them to be executed. From the command team of 400 people, the survivors who were captured were executed according to the German army's orders against the subversion and spying of the German state. <br /> <br /> Führer nr. 003830/42 g. Kdos. OKW / WFST, Führer HQ, 18 October 1942, (signed) Adolf Hitler; Translation of document no. 498-PS, Chief of the US Counsel, Genuine Kipp Major Copy, Declassified DOD 5200.30 March 23, 1983, reproduced at the National Archives of the United States. OSS Society® 6723 Whittier Ave., 200 McLean, VA 22101
