A pampered farce in the soapy world of charm during the day! This movie is hilarious! Of course, you must have a taste for shrieking, hysterical, top-acting, and melodramatic plot. But if you do, you're in a hell of a treat. Sally Field performs Celeste Talbert, "Queen of Misery" during the day. What is happening in Celeste's life is thrown into overturning, with the unexpected arrival of Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), her long lost granddaughter, and simultaneously Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline - splendid as always), Celeste's lover . But Celeste conceals a deep and dark secret, and the arrival of Lori and Jeffrey could bring it to the surface. Add to the diabolical Montana Moorehead (a wonderful Cathy Moriarty, full of "beautiful testosterone woman in backup mode"), who is trying to make it hard to destroy Celeste's career; David (Robert Downey, Jr.), the soap maker who secretly deals with Montana to ruin Celeste; and Rose Schwarz (Whoopi Goldberg), the screenwriter and a true confidant of Celeste, and you are in a bunch of help in underground and general chaos. Chaotic comedies like this are difficult to do "Mixed Nuts"?) But when it does well, it can be quite funny! A major ingredient that is required for any good comedy is the casting of seasoned professionals who know that often fun things are not said but seen in an expression or a look. The field, Kline, Goldberg and the others work together so well and clearly have a wonderful time that it's hard not to be attracted to their energy and enthusiasm. Shue is clearly the weakest link, but she just draws attention to her because she is surrounded by Field, Kline, and colleagues. Moriarty is a stand-out in the role of spectacular villainess, making you think of the hottest dominatrix you've ever seen! There are also many familiar faces that you will recognize in the small (but still very fun) roles, including Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Kathy Najimy and Teri Hatcher. Director Michael Hoffman keeps the rhythm fast and the histrion parcel heads to the big finish. It should also be mentioned Robert Harling's scenario, built carefully to create a soap opera in a soap opera. The dialogue stagger with extraordinary lines provided by brilliant actors (I would be willing to bet that many of these things have been improvised). Look, if you want to see a bunch of professionals doing what they do best and doing a lot of time doing that, put your hands on it. If not for anything else, it will put you in a good state and make you laugh!
