It sounds weird to call a movie about the war and about the Holocaust as many of us will know too well about the horrors of war and violence. By using the adjective "shocking" I do not intend to suggest that I am surprised by the things we talked about in this movie or that I was not previously informed about them, it's just that I am very impressed with the way this film shows how crazy and incomprehensible it is horrible to kill each other, with or without reason. The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's successful participation in Hungarian resistance. Maruschka Detmers would never have won an Oscar for this performance because of the inconsistent direction, but yet her action is solid enough and has a huge charisma. She is very well expressed as Hanna and immediately has our sympathy. Her very beautiful look seems to be of help, of course, but that has nothing to do with her being simply a good actress playing a good part. Certain inconsistencies continue to appear in Hanna's War. Sometimes, the director of ideas, Menahem Golan (often despised for Gianni Versace's crime), was in a heap and should have allowed some recordings on stage. On the other hand, I am very grateful to have made this film impressive and challenging to think, and because I am very positive, I think it did a good job. The second half of the movie is the most exciting and tragic. He focuses on Hanna's suffering (beware of the terrible portrait of Donald Pleasence's cruel captain and Rosa sardonic), and shows intense and horrible hatred, violence, and war. I take Hanna's war, especially the second half, as a powerful film against the war, and only Golan deserves credit. It is also the second half in which Maruschka Detmer's talent comes out, creating a character that enters the history of the film as one of the most telling, powerful and tragic ever portrayed. It is also wonderful to see Ellen Burstyn, whose appearance and style of action I always remember by Romy Schneider, who would have been alive and thrown - would have made an equally similar contribution to Hanna's war. the tragic impact of the second half and the desperate tension, which is sometimes replaced by hopeful prospects and good news, lead to a series of final scenes that show something so unexpected, so moving and poetic in its tragedy that he hit me like a bomb and tears me. And when I realized once again that it was not even a fiction, it all happened, I woke up with more tears. Hanna's portrayal of Maruschka Detmers will be in my mind forever.
