This film captures a lot of flakes, but this is usually based on the horrible and cover-up version of the movie that starred in American television and was also shot dead on VHS and DVD companies like Alpha, Unicorn, etc. the film never had a theatrical release in states, although it was taken over by the Avco Embassy in 1973. In Spain, when nudity was involved, the directors drew two versions, one with clothes and one without. Fully exported printing in English was called WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS and appears to have been launched at home only in Sweden in the 1980s. Can be found on Ebay and on the beach and comes highly recommended. I think Avco has cut the movie for a R launch, which has never happened. In 1974 it was launched by Avco on television titled FURY OF THE WOLFMAN, and the dressed version was used for this TV print. Shot 12 years later and FURY OF THE WOLFMAN appears on the home movie on the label of the Charter. This version seems to be what Avco was about to launch back in '73. It's the uncovered, nudity version that never goes on TV or in a PG movie. There are several scenes on the nudity-playing Chart strip that are dressed in TV printing (the source for all Dud Dollar and VHS editions). But a comparison with WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS does not reveal that 2 scenes are cut on this version! (the spoilers in the next paragraph) The scene in which Ilona has Waldermar attached to the wall and whips it after turning into a werewolf is incomplete. After his whip in obedience, he begins to remove his clothes and begins to make love with the eagle! The Werewolf also responds positively to these sex shunans. This scene is certainly one of the most unusual in horror film history and is delirious. It's not graphic, but implicit bestiality was too much for the American audience, or more likely for the MPAA. Ilona falls in love with Waldemar desperately and could not hold her, so his entire scheme to control Waldermar's wife and engage her in an adventure. He wanted to destroy his marriage, and she does this while Waldemar is in Tibet. Unfortunately, he turns a werewolf, but this does not slow down a bit. If he can not physically be a man, he loves him enough to have sex with him like a werewolf. This also helps explain the later scene in which the werewolf sleeps with a woman whom he spots that became naked before bed while peeping through her window. This scene is presented without nudity in the cover version and makes no sense. In the plain version, it would seem that Ilona's illnesses have made the excited werewolf and need release, so he violates the first woman she can after escaping. The other cut is a complete scene of Waldemar in bed with Karen and she's seen naked. A scene very similar to the bedroom was removed from the American version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) as well. The film has its problems, however, with certainty. The director was drunk, evil remained at the top of the werewolf, doubling English atrocities, including sequences from the first Waldemar MARK OF THE WOLFMAN, known as the FRANKENSTEIN HEALTH TERROR and the grotesque excess of the music score of this film. (WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS) is one of the wildliest and most scandalous of the Daninsky series of werewolves, with an unparalleled plot line in everything except the sink kitchen. The cut / clad panel and the scanning of the children on the full screen of this movie are not favored and, unfortunately, this is the version almost everyone commented on about the film. The film bears a copyright in 1970 and I bet that the 1972 release date on IMDb is incorrect. The film precedes WEREWOLF SHADOW (aka WEREWOLF VS VAMPIRE WOMAN) from the series and was definitely released before WEREWOLF SHADOW. The WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS / FURY OF THE WOLFMAN ending blends directly into the WEREWOLF SHADOW opening, providing concrete evidence of this. Unfortunately a complete version of this can never get a decent release. A perfect version would be the untrained English version, but in Spanish with English subtitles. Doubling English seriously damages the film. But any Spanish version would reflect the covert version as shown in Spain during the frantic era, where nudity was verboten.
