This movie is filled with horror horror in horror films: chain liths, premeditated murder, a vague lesbian, a crazy father who carries a mask because of horrible ornamentation, poisoning, scary castles, werewolves and feminine), adultery, killed lovers, Tibetan mystics, half-man / half-experienced victim, serious slaves, mind control, fenced bodies, a car crash on a lonely road, electrocution, batch, an incredibly terrible score and some of the worst Foley work ever done. The script is incomprehensible (even the badly called Spanish horror film standards), and some editing is just bizarre. In a scene where the evil female scientist goes to visit our heroine in her bedroom for one of the bad ones called "That's fantastic, I do not understand. Explain to me again how it is ..." movie, there is a thin jaw of the girl's thigh when she gets out of bed for no apparent reason than to cover a cut in "Mwahaha!" all werewolves are mine! speech. Though why they went to the disturbance I do not know, because there are a lot of other jarring cuts everywhere - even for the atrocious tray and the scan of the pattern I've seen. was, after an interview with the star, drunk for most of the film and the film looks like that. It's an incoherent mess. It was made even more incoherent by including warlords with werewolves in another movie The Mark of the Wolf Man (made 4 years ago with the same actor, but playing the role with more aggression and a different shirt and make up - Is there a Spanish word for "Continuity"?) And more than another actor in the wolf to take-ambling about in the long shot. The music is incredibly bad ranges almost randomly from full orchestral creepy house music, to bosannova, to the longest piano and gong duet ever recorded. (Think about it, maybe it would not have been a duet, maybe it would have been a solo, the piano part was so simple it could have been extracted with one hand while the player hit the gong- It's one of the most amazing trance-states that bring bad movies of the year so far for me. Enjoy. <br /> <br /> My favorite line: "Ilona! madness and perversity will turn against you! "How true." Shot Favorite: The lover, discover his girlfriend killed, throwing the candle in a surprise show as a cartoon.
