One day someone will write an essay comparing Paul Naschy's "Wolf's Fury" with the great surrealist Spanish films "L'age D'or" and "Un Chien Andelou". Naschy is a masterpiece of the delirium from the beginning to the end. Dali and Bunuel probably loved it, and they ate their hearts, seeing someone do so apparently what they had to hide their brains to take off the film. The film does not have a coherent structure, even if it has a plot that moves from A to B to C. Some mishmash about a "Professor Walterman" - his first name, you remember - that was bitten by a Yeti monster during a expeditions in Tibet and has not been the same since then, which is understandable. One of his jealous colleagues, Dr. Wolfstein's crazy daughter known, knows about his condition and reveals that his wife cheats him. But it is a set for a twisted scientific experiment to unleash its inner beast. "Walterman" moves away, turns into a werewolf, kills a few people, is electrocuted, dies, is buried, inanimate, taken to a castle full of circus weirds, tied to various cars, stung with assorted electronic effects, injected with strong elixir, is chained, turns into a werewolf, a woman dressed in evening dress with fetish boots, escapes, helps the doctor to find his way out of the castle, takes revenge on the circus weirds with a battle ax, returns back to a werewolf, and has to fight to death against the witty female incarnation of his deceiving wife. The lady with the Nazi boots shot him with silver bullets from Luger's gun, they die together, and the cute doctor goes in the morning with the reporter who did nothing. "Here's a beautiful day!" <br /> <br /> "La furia del Hombre Lobo" was written by Paul Naschy in a hurry. Original director Enrique Eguilez was fired and replaced by José María Zabalza, a drunk who was drunk in whole production. He was often incapable of working (although he had time to teach his 14-year-old nephew to make some changes to the script), and Naschy drove much of the unbelievable film. Zabalza made quite a rally to snap action scenes from one of Naschy's earlier films, Mark of the Wolfman. The scenes were fortunately good enough to use twice, even if the costumes were different, and helped eliminate the runtime after Zabalza refused to get out of bed to finish the movie. The production of the post was a nightmare. No one knew who did the editing, the money had fled, the main footprint vanished for a while, and then, at a press screening for a film distributor, the executive came to find Zabalza urinating in the gutter in front of the theater. He was too drunk to find the toilet, but at least he got to the curb. Still, somehow the movie works if you left it. It's called in those ataic memories we have about mural castles, vaulted catacombs, chains, whips, gloomy marshes. The fans of these things will find it hypnotizable, even if the story as a whole does not make much sense due to the fractured discontinuity of the execution. In one scene, the pouring rain and the wolf scream in lightning; In the next blow the bones dry and roar to the full moon. Then it rained again. And yet you do not look at her as a blunder. It is like a dream that unfolds when contradictions are possible, the opposite is the same, and the effects continue to cause; First of all, the lollipop raises the power cord and shouts, and then begins to launch the power cord. People say their low budget is damaging to global effectiveness - they say the film would have been indescribable if it had more money to spend. It's a miracle to do something out of nothing and it does not succeed because of what it might have, but because of what it does. It's easy to laugh at such things and even easier to reject. Trick is able to see through chaos or rather to regard chaos as part of the effect. Paul Naschy died last week at the age of 75. He was ill with pancreatic cancer for a year or more, he was working on film projects until his last day, but died in Madrid, Spain, along with his family, while receiving chemotherapy. His rich, varied and surprisingly long career is a legacy of a man who stubbornly follows his artistic vision in the face of the mainstream lack of interest. And yet, we all have an eleven-year-old child who will watch his films as "Wolfman's Fury" with a great astonishment. Even those who do not like Euro Horror will find something in this movie to marvel, even if only for a minute in a couple. You can find it free at Archive.Org or even buy it on a DVD for a nickel. It's worth more. Naschy was terrified to find that many others like me look at this hideous, sick and demented film as a classic masterpiece, if not a cinematic masterpiece of Cinematography. The problems he has encountered during production and the misery of a movie that has remained after was probably too personal and an artistic disappointment for Naschy to forgive. I would not dare to forgive him for it, but I'll say that: I'd rather see Wolfman's Fury in the dangest, most cut and degraded screen-screen public than ever, churning out on this day or any other weekend influenza swine flu. The world has lost a great artist this month. Watch the movies and remember. <br /> <br /> 9/10
