I saw this when it was premiered and re-tracked at the IFC. This is a very good story of the many possible stories about the population of immigrant farmers who came to Hawaii to work on sugar plantations in the early 1900s. My grandparents were part of this migration; my parents were born on a Kohala planting (Big Island) when setting the time for the film. I moved to the big island one year ago after I've been living in California for over 30 years. I was surprised to see that many of the former reed cultivation fields are still underdeveloped, with the growing cane still growing years after the plantations were shut down. I have heard many stories from my aunts and uncles who were children growing up on the plantation. This movie helps you imagine such stories and memories. This story is more of a historical document than a romantic plot based on plot. She lets me shake my head to read a review as a ccthemovieman. Some people do not get it. I did not remember that Youki Kudoh had the lead role with which he did an incredible job. I remember his performances in Jim Jarmusch's "The Mystery Train," and in an Australian film, along with Russell Crowe, "Heaven's Burning." Tamlyn Tomita did a great job in English, especially for someone who did not grow in the islands. I forgot that Toshiro Mifune played a cameo role while the moving picture shows a narrator. And I missed the fact that Jason Scott Lee had an unbelievable and unspoken part as one of the planting workers during the writing of salaries. <br /> <br /> I was saddened to find out that the director and co-writer Kayo Hatta died in an accidental drowning since 2005. There are two other excellent foreign movies I reflect this sugar cane planting experience: "Gaijin" about Brazilian immigrant cane workers (many of them Japanese) over the same period of time; and "Sugar Cane Alley" on the experience of African cane plantations. The latter is still available, but "Gaijin", unfortunately, does not seem to have been presented for too long. Another great film about the Asian experience in America when immigrants were rather slaves is "A Thousand Gold Pieces." This was put on the involvement of Chinese workers in railway construction, with Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dun.
