This is undoubtedly the best film director, Haim Bouzaglo, made so far. A talented director trained in stories and conducting his actors through long epochs attempted to capture in this film with a very low budget the essence of the particular psychological situation that Israel are living under the perpetual threat of terror attacks, resulting in "distorted" . Each character tries to live his own life, supervise and control the other, while he is watched and controlled by other characters, and especially by the continued pressure, by the political and historical forces that were beyond of its control. Some call this destiny, but fate has a very concrete representation in this film. There is no explicit political expression in "Distortion". Characters never talk about politics, not even at the level of saying "bastards!" when they heard there was a new terrorist attack. Their reaction to events is to locate the attack and count victims using official terminology and media for the dead and wounded. They do not really live, but rather survive in time borrowed happy that they have survived a bomb and waiting for the next to happen. Personal, social and professional life seems to work, but is deeply erroneous and influenced by events. The main character played by the director is a playwright whose half-life personal and creative crisis is amplified by the pressure of the events and the fact that he is fortunate enough to leave a terrorist attack site for a few minutes before the bomb explodes. He hires a private detective to follow his TV interviewer girlfriend, suspected of falling into the subject of his next show - another failed, former military man, whose business and family life are breaking up in the events. He begins to write a play where carbon copies reality and brings it to the stage in theater on the stage of the movie that reminds Hamlet and Synecdoche of New York. It's not that I dare to suspect Charlie Kaufman looking at Bouzaglo's shoulder, certainly he does not need that, but the screenplay of the Israeli director is brilliant in anticipation of the film later (and first directed by Kaufman). As in the American film, actors play real people and interact with them in a reality-meeting-stage-meeting-reality, which never has a logic, at least an artistic logic. Bouzaglo directs actors to their regular talents, entrusts them with and allows them to live in situations rather than to act. His style is far more relaxed than in his television series, and the effects of "distortion", though borrowed from American horror films, work pretty well everywhere. The end seemed to me a little rhetorical and unsatisfactory, but the shadow of the suicidal murderer who haunts the film and the whole situation in a time loop will also follow the viewer when he recalls the film later.
