Distortion is a disturbing, haunting film about life that mimics art and life that reflects life. Haim Bouzaglo, director of the film, plays Haim Bouzaglo, an artistically blocked and impotent playwright, who is inspired by his suspicions about the subject of his friend's documentary. As a suicide bomber, disguised in the head and in the American shirt, he wanders through the landscape in search of a target and nerves, Haim transcribes his girlfriend's life while filming the documentary and incorporating the actors and actors' lives during the rehearsals. But the bomber has already hit and Haim left the restaurant just a few minutes earlier. Despite the manipulation of time and space, the story is clear, comprehensive and absorbent, a brilliant commentary on the "distortion" of the daily life of Israelis, in which politics intertwines with the personality in which everyone lives "on the sidelines" I never know if they play main roles in their own lives or are simply players that can not be played in the dramatic narrative of someone else. Bouzaglo plays with this notion that everyone is an actor in someone else's brilliant production. We are always voyeur, seeing what the fictional director sees illicitly, but also what the "real" director chooses to reveal. To remind ourselves that these views are privacy violations, Bouzaglo takes us to the bathroom and bedroom (sometimes the bedroom is on the street and on the roof) and repeatedly fits the views on TV, video or security screens. Actors play the role of actors who represent "real" characters played by actors. Of course, each of the actors is the star of their own production, only a little aware of their diminished roles in the personal films of their actors. The detective hired detective becomes a character in the game. The actor hired to play the detective's role seeks the detective for "tips" about how to play the role, is caught by the detective on surveillance cameras and takes part in a casting party as their real self. Despite this multitude of opinions, there is no doubt about the clear lines of this narrative: the playwright looks for the subject, the bomber is looking for a target, and the detective follows the filmmaker. There is no difficulty in locating the ultimate goal of Bouzaglo, the impacted and impotent Israel, fully aware of the threatening danger, but incapable of meaningful action. Israel is Bouzaglo, the impressive fictional playwright who cannibalize his own life for his play. Israel is also the bankrupt soldier who is the subject of the documentary film, the deceptive actors and actresses and the husband they are facing. They are all Israel, because they are all helpless, trapped in inaction or actionlessly because the bomber scans the landscape for the best target. All the characters can make that another bombardment is reported is to have sex and to keep the "score" of the victims. There is personal triumph, justification, maybe revenge at the end of this game in a story in a movie, but viewers will be allowed to fight for the state of Israel, even if they are admired for Bouzaglo's memorable interpretation of a nation's situation in a story about an individual.
