Wonderful thriller. I was expecting some kind of great horror movie, but what we got was a short thriller that does nothing of our time. Most of these films have to go into the stories of the characters back, so we will feel either sympathy for them or hate when people start being killed. such a madness here. Yes, you see some characters, but they interact with the main characters. Like the husband's wife at the motel whose room was canceled. I have seen them, so that it could be as effective as Lisa's character and how ineffectual the New Registrar of the Hotel was. We see the girl simply because it will have a very small, but important role, later in the movie, when all the breaks break out. Flight enthusiasts, because we need, in particular, to move the parcel in front. The bad guy needs her in particular at the beginning of the flight. The rude guy in the airport was also important for the movie. The only two characters that were just five seals that had no use in the plot were the two youngsters on the plane. He was intelligent because I thought he was related to the plot. From the first scene to the last character of a woman, an executive director, Lisa, is responsible. Even when Jackson shows his true colors, she does not panic. She thinks she can do to stay in time. Any other film, intelligent executive women will act like idiots. But not that. It was a very short film and I waited for the usual plotting devices to kick, because the movie seemed to come to its conclusion quickly. Thank you, none of them was used. The new hotel clerk did not make the usual call and told her what to do, panic by throwing the phone and going out of the hotel without saying anything or asking your boss and telling him he had to drink a lot and just reject it. Craven would have had to do more of these types of movies. Also a last comment. Brian Cox is in the movie, but I did not have any clue about who he was. I was supposed to come here to see Lisa's father. He is completely unrecognizable.
