- A very beautiful and red woman, waiting for her plane, meets a charming young man with whom she connects. As the two get in their flight and sit next to each other, the young Jack gets fatal, threatening Lisa to change the room that a politician and his wife will stay or someone else dies her father. You see now that this happens when you fly the coach, things like this never happen in the first class. - Other than the conflict that takes place on a flight, the other thing that this movie shares with Flightplan is an incredible incredible * if this is a word * of the story. The whole thing is to get the main character to change a politician's room so he can be assassinated, which is a pretty plausible plan, but it will not be easier for Jack to find just someone who is computer savvy and -I hack into the hotel system? Today's teens can do almost anything with computers, so I'm pretty sure it would have been easier for him to make someone change him using a computer instead of going through the trouble of spying on Lisa and to take her into the situation she takes in the movie. <br /> <br /> -One thing that struck me as strange was how no one on the plane heard one thing they were talking about. This is a very small plane I was talking about here, and since their voices were raised occasionally, it seems to me that the other passengers should have heard something. But I'm 100% sure I'm reading too much in it. The film is meant to be as realistic as an episode of "24" so it can not be disturbed by such complexities. With all my complaints, however, this is still a very fun movie that does the job. It's not exactly the type that calls for brain shutdown, but at the same time it does not require great intelligence to fully enjoy. I would love to sit here in my comfortable and rave seat about the glow that works in the movie, but I really can not. I love Rachel McAdams, I love Cillian Murphy and I love Brian Cox, but I do not stretch the masks that work here. It's not a problem, because it's not the movie where the studios hope to win more awards, and the acting is not horrible, it's not great. Wes Craven is not the first to come to your mind when you think of such a movie, but it does a very nice job, considering the time it was supposed to film and the lack of depth of the script. It was certainly a huge improvement over the disappointed "Curse" and, as much as I liked to do something different with this movie, she would still like to go back to what she did in the past, what is the great movie of horror that has been spoken about decades after its launch. - A beautiful thing about the movie I really appreciated was how short the movie was. It's great to stay and watch a beautiful three-hour movie from time to time, but nowadays it's as if any movie that comes out feels too much, while this movie feels just as good. Not too long and too short. They do not waste their time trying to develop their characters too much because they know it's not the movie for that and making a very beautiful movie. Being a huge geek of film music, I have to say that the best part of the movie is the ultra cool score by Marco Beltrami. It is very nice to see Beltrami escape from writing predictable things to the extraordinary music he is doing now. It's really the real techno / orchestral stuff that makes for the headlines. Too bad I can not find the soundtrack anywhere, it would be nice to listen to the title whenever I want, instead of having to defend the DVD when I want to hear. <br /> <br /> -Overall It's nice for what it is and while it's away from the big cinema, it should still offer some little fun for an hour and a half
