Scream was Wes Craven's last decent thriller. Since then, it has been an unbearable slump of Hollywood trash, barely good enough for a bad night, including the disappointment of Scream's sequels. Perhaps the genius and the craftsmanship of the film brought out all the energy and creativity, so when the time came for dinner, he had nothing to serve but his doo doo. Finally, after knowing how many bad movies later, he gives us a delicious, ruthless, captivating, refreshing red eye. Rachel McAdams once again offers a pleasant performance by playing a hotel manager who is unhappy with an important and regular political figure at her hotel. Then he meets Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, which he knows best after a delayed flight and a golf breeze. What he does not know is that he already knows it. And she also knows her father, who will never see him again if he fails to cooperate and meet Jackson's demands - to use his ties to establish his regular murder hotel. is nothing but your daily thriller with predictability and tracking scenes. Though this is a good old-fashioned thriller, that's his beauty. There are no special effects. Without make-up cheap. Just classic suspense. Feel the despair and regret of every decision that McAdams is forced to do and care for her as you cheer her up with every move she makes to find a way out of her claustrophobic position. a fun and compelling performance. She's either her sweet girl or her strange ability to cry frankly, but she always seems to like her if her role asks her. Cillian Murphy, on the other hand, is naturally frightening, so even if the trailer did not reveal it, its final pass from a charming stranger to a ruthless scream is not so surprising. Perhaps it would have been more old to see a typical character as Toby Maguire turned into a bad madman. However, Cillian Murphy, having established his true identity, has played such a solid role that you really want to die or at least take his ass off. Do not overlook this feature. There are plenty of blackouts and hearts that will keep your eyes on the screen instead of the clock, as you would with Craven's latest pictures. If not for you, do it for all the time when you see your girlfriend, boyfriend or popcorn man jumping and clinging to you. Finally, Wes is right. In addition to keeping the trademark in suspense, Red Eye is not humorless as Cynthia McAdams's replacement at the reception is in a hurry to keep order in order. It was a relief that Red Eye was not a disappointment. Instead, you'll have the pleasure of seeing McAdams offering another incredibly talented performance, that Murphy looks later, and Craven is a classic classic thriller. A flight that was delayed and was the beginning of Craven's rebirth would have arrived just after Scream.
