Red Eye starts in Texas, where hotel receptionist Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) is about to catch her last red-haired flight in Miami, where she lives and works. As she waits for her plane, Lisa meets Jackson Rippner (Cillian Murphy), beautiful and charming, and they both seem to hit her, then when they board the plane they discover that by coincidence they are next to each other. Once the plane takes off and is in the air, Jackson reveals who he really is and that their apparently haphazard encounter was not a coincidence, Jackson says he works for someone who wants to assassinate Secretary of National Security, Charles Keefe (Jack Scalia ) and need to change their rooms to a hotel where they work in Miami. Jackson tells Lisa to call the hotel and do her or her father will be killed ... Directed by Wes Craven, who may be better known for his horror movies, such as The Last House on the Left (1972 ), "A Nightmare on Elm Street" (1984), "The Serpent and the Rainbow" (1989), "The People under the Stairs" (1991) and Scream of Teen Slashers, a short thriller, a big deviation from the movie which Craven usually makes. Carl Ellsworth's script for a surprisingly delightful thriller that I have to admit that I enjoyed a lot, only 85 minutes long, is a very moving, economic and straightforward film that focuses almost entirely on one tight, learned plot, rather than going in different directions with a lot of subplots. Some might like this approach, as I did while others can not, but I think it attracts you in action a lot more because it comes thick and fast without the film slowing down anything and giving you a chance relaxation. I really liked the plot for Red Eye, of course a movie like this will always have one or two doubting moments about the plot, but what the hell is a movie made for you to have fun and for me that's what you did, a. I really liked the character of the two, Lisa happens very easily while Jackson Rippner (an obvious play about the name Victor The Victorian Victor The Jack The Ripper) is an appropriately slim, "type of mentality. Another additional point is that I did not think anyone was acting too stupid here, they all seemed like human beings and the movies were playing in a relatively plausible way. I liked it a lot and it's one of Craven's latest movies. Craven turns into a solid, tense, taught and fast-paced thriller with an attractive cast, good action and plot. Surely he does not hang and once the action and tension that he never leaves, the most effective part of the film is when Rippner holds Lisa soldier on the plane and once the film moves to Miami & Lisa's parents the house gets a bit more routine, but it's still good. A special mention refers to Rachel McAdams, who is absolutely gorgeous in this regard, I could probably see Red Eye again just because she is in it and looks stunningly amazing. Those who see Wes Craven's name attached to Red Eye, waiting for a horror movie, should think again because there is no horror in it (despite IMDb citing "Horror" as the Red Eye genre). I'm not sure of the end, on the one hand it was nice to see the villain living for a change that goes against traditional expectations, but it would have been more satisfying to see Lisa kill him somehow. <br /> <br /> DreamWorks offered Red Eye an initial budget of $ 44,000,000 but reduced it to $ 25,000,000, though it is still a very well-made film with glossy production values . Actually shot in Los Angeles and Florida, California. The movie is supposed to have been written with Sean Penn's husband and wife and Robin Wright Penn for leadership, but ultimately the producers have opted for smaller leadership. As I have already said that Rachel McAdams is a pure candy and is a total babe in this quality and it's worth watching the movie by yourself. Oh, and she does a decent performance too. Red eyes is a very fast rhythm learned tense full of thriller that I liked a lot, I do not think I would enjoy as much as I did & I'm glad I decided to look at it. This is definitely a recommendation from me & Rachel McAdams is really hot stuff in this ...
