In an overnight flight from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a charming man who turns out to be a committed killer who asks for help to kill the businessman or otherwise his dad will die . > Red Eye is an extraordinary thriller that keeps the audience at the edge of the seats. The premise is similar to Cellular and Phone Booth, but the red eye is better than both movies. Almost everything about Red Eye is above average, including suspense, drive and direction. Most of the movie takes place on an airplane, but it does not slow the movie. The film is very fast and exciting, with no slow or dull spots. Wes Craven does a really good job behind the room. Instead of focusing on emotions, he focuses on storytelling and characters. The film has tense moments, but that's not exactly what the movie is. I also like Wes Craven's focus on other passengers and the little details that become important later. Red Eye really proves his skills in stories. Red Eye works well thanks to its young and talented distribution. Rachel McAdams offers very interesting performance and her character is hard to hate. You might even get to cheer it out loud. Cillian Murphy offers very creepy and effective performance as the negative character. The way in which it acts charming at first, but then transforms the psycho is particularly impressive. Supporting actors are also pretty good, including Brain Cox and Jayma Mays. The film is also very stylish and has this creepy general vibration at it. The setting works well because there is a clear fear of isolation and escape. Generally, the tone of the movie is constantly creepy. The scenario is not as strong as anything else. There are some unrealistic moments that can distract the viewer. Most of them did not bother me, but there were few who let me shake my head. Also, the conclusion is disappointing. It is not a bad one that ends with a very simple one and a different approach would have been better. Since the movie focuses on characters, there really are no screaming moments, maybe just a few jumps. If you expect a horror film, then you will be disappointed. Eventually, Red Eye is a committed thriller and is one of the best movies of the summer. Evaluation 8/10
