I seem to like this show, but the format needs something. First, the good attributes. I like how this show will take us through the everyday life of a addict, because producers have a talent in getting addicted to show how bad their lives have allowed them to become. This is followed by an intervention that is then followed by a result. Intervention does not take on things, and sometimes the result (often in the short run due to time constraints between filming and broadcast) is a negative result. This makes the positive results even better. Another thing I like about the show is the quality of camera work. Given the reality that these cameramen have to squeeze anywhere and do not have the benefit of playing scenes, the photo is surprisingly good and stable. It's actually superior to written shows, like "The Shield," in which photography is so bad that it can cause nausea. Now for the wicked. An episode will sometimes contain two completely different and unrelated cases that will be mixed during the show. You will be caught in the story of a dependent, then suddenly you are thrown into the story of another. Get into that story, then suddenly you go back to the first addict ... or are you? So far, have you forgotten which case belongs to the person on the screen. This constant flip-flopping between addicts becomes really disruptive during the intervention scenes, because the show will mix even the two completely independent interventions! I once heard B.S. reason for this bad design: "The show can become so intense that switching to another addict allows the spectator to absorb what he is watching." Oh, please. Obviously, the reason why this is done is that they have two cases that are not big enough for an hourly presentation so they mix together. If he mixes them instead of giving them every half-block, as he should have, he forces the viewer to look at everything (and the commercials) if they are interested in a case, but not the other. <br /> <br /> We used these "blender" episodes so annoying that I would only tell my TiVo to record episodes containing a dependency, but then it became easier to record them all.
