The "intervention" helped me with my own dependencies and recoveries. I'm a two-year-old middle-aged father. I'm quite functional in my personal and professional life. However, I have pains in my past that I use addictions to calm down and problems from which I recover slowly. When these addicts and their families share their lives with me, they help me improve my life and relationship with my family. The show, unlike many others, digs into the past of the addict and reveals events that have probably caused their addiction. Many of us suffer because it is too scary to return and do, as Alice Miller says, "the discovery and emotional acceptance of truth in the individual and unique history of our childhood." The show deserves a lot of credit for at least getting this started process. This excavation is painful and difficult, but it is worth it. So much coverage of addiction - fictitious and non-fictitious - seems to ignore fundamental issues. Often, it is assumed that the addict in a single day began to pull up or anything for fun or pleasure or own interest, and now can not stop. Not like this: Dependencies aim at killing pain. I can refer to the different events and difficulties in people's lives. There are common themes and surprising exceptions. Many addicts have been miserable. Some children respond poorly to divorce. For those who believe that addiction is an excessive reaction to weight, I would say that people differ differently. Although some children are good at divorce, others, like Cristy in the show, "collapse in a bunch on the floor" and change their lives forever. For example, the last night's counselor said that cute Andrea is looking for validation from men. She calls for money for her 75-year-old neighbor and allows people to abuse her. Call everyone familiar? The series is full of information that we can use to understand our own motivations and to adapt to our lives. Often, those with smaller problems suffer the most. As it is said, even a clock off is right twice a day, but a slow clock can go undetected for some time until it has made your life miserable. For Producers: Thank you for showing up, to dig in the past for tracking. Also, the graphics, format and theme of the music are brilliant. For addicts: Thank you for your courage to share. If you helped or not, you helped me.
