The first animated film in Ireland is also one of the best animated movies I've ever seen. It's a real wolf and all the story that is different from any other Oscar nominee and any other movie this year or any other year. Ireland building a wall around the city to prevent the Vikings from destroying the city if they ever attacked. His nephew, Brendon, is a young monk who does everything he can but he meets his uncle's anger by doing things in his day. When a legendary Aidan arrives from a destroyed monastery, Brendon heads toward him and his warm personality. Aiden's crowd gives Aiden to teach Brendon how to illuminate. To help Aidan work on his great book, rescued from his destroyed monastery, Brendan goes out into the woods to get material to make ink. While outside the walls he meets Ashley, a forest spirit with whom he develops a friendship. Unfortunately, the abbot finds out that he has gone outside the wall and it is hell to pay. But hiding in the distance is the Vikings ... Forget what you think you know about this movie you're wrong with. Even what I explained does not make this movie right. It's a simple story, with so much going on. This is a wonderful movie about trying to find your way around the world, come over demons and find the beauty of the world outside the walls. (The film says the world is a dangerous place and does not cease to be even if you are building walls). A movie that treats audiences as adults and deals with the whole life, darkness. There is death and destruction, joy and happiness. It is not covered with sugar. People die. The monsters are hiding. (some of the children scared), but there is hope. Frankly, the darkness of this film is completely different from any of the recent American films. Forget the "sadness" in a Pixar movie, this is the real thing and refreshing and shows how even Pixar is homogenized. It is an animated film by Genndy Tartakovsky-esquire (Samurai Jack) which is the layout is actually based on Celtic art of the period. A movie that looks different from the other. Here again is another film that takes the frame of the film and uses it in every possible way. Images are designed to fill as much space as possible. Many times the film manipulated things to make it look like a page in Kell's legendary Book. His amazing beautiful and best described as art came to life. Director Tomm Moore made a film that is a masterpiece. I can not say more than that. It's a masterpiece. It's one of the best animated movies I've ever met.
