KELLS SECRET is a stunning, animated feature that will delight your eye and move your heart. The deficiencies of the limited budget of the film and sometimes limited animation are more than offset by the visual poetry of the story about the younger heroic desire of young Brendan to become a master illustrator during the dark epoch. From a historical point of view, it was at the end of the eighth century, when the Irish learning centers were overtaken by the Vikings. The Vikings appear here as crude antagonists, the equivalent in the North Sea of ​​the Huna and the Mongols further in the Orient. The narrative of the film - which works more like a parable - focuses around the conflict between Brendan, who tries to create beauty in his illuminations in a darkening darkness, and one of his uncle's abbot - who is trying to protect the city of Kells and grandson with a wall as a barrier against the Norsemen. Abbey ignores the value of Brendan's art in search of security. This is the outer conflict of the film. Brendan's inner conflict is to find the hidden eye of creative enlightenment that will enable him to complete the most difficult painting in the Book of Kells. This eye is guarded by a Dragon Ouroboros, who destroys those who are not fit for this search, just as sure as the Vikings will kill from the outside (It's so much of the story I'm going to reveal!) <br /> < What I really like in this film is the imaginative understanding of the creators about some of the greatest works of art to survive in the West 1200 years ago. Characters are stylized in flat abstract shapes defined by the line, as in Kells' original book. (Extremely remarkable is Aidan Aidan's cat, defined in a few lines, but simply - and even congratulated with magical metamorphosis.) The range of emotions that Brendan and the other animated characters convey to their abstract design economics are a tribute to excellence the art of the director and his animators. The decorative borders on the edge of the image change to complement the dramatic impact of a given scene, and this feature of the illumination of the Dark Age is brought to the wonderful animated life of the CELEBRATION SECRET. Of course, historical drama tells us more about our own times than the ones that these dramas are trying to describe. However, by introducing archetypal elements into this story, the writers and director of the SECRET DE KELLS transmit a sentiment called the life lived from that distant period in Ireland that feels true psychologically, no matter how much the script might deviate from a pedestrian historical fact. (The United Nations Enlightenment Band, which appears as an artists' club in "THE SECRET OF KELLS", is probably unlikely historically, but they are all well-designed and personalized characters who do much to convey the appeal universal of this quintessentially Irish History.) Animation has always kept the best vehicle for me to better help us understand the visual art of different times and cultures. The magnificent artistic direction of this film is clearly derived from the historical visual source, but has also been intelligently adapted to the requirements of the animated story; if there had been animation in the Middle Ages, THE CELL SECRET would show what it would look like! Finally, looking for Brendan's hero in this film is the artist's perennial quest to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without being a preacher or even a particularly Christian, this film states the dictum of Jesus that "Man does not live with bread only"). In my opinion, the most inspired film about the creative process of visual artists is ANDREI RUBLEV by Andrei Tarkovsky, a film about the great Russian icon painter of the fifteenth century. SECRET KELLS similarly expresses the same sense of mystery and exaltation on the visual search of the artist and the creative process. It's certainly not as profound as ANDREY RUBLEV, but --- make a cartoon! (And one that will attract both young and old). I think this movie will be good for repeated viewing: in its modest way of modest assertion, this stylized SECRET OF KELLS is a classic.
