While watching this movie, I was frustrated and distracted, and to the end I wanted to give the movie a 4 or 5 solid. I thought the animation was random and everywhere, and too much happened. Even my DD could not keep up. It felt as if it was an easy ride. Everything seemed flat, there was no size for anything. There were so many shapes, lines and patterns. I really wanted to stop the movie halfway and crush my burned copy of this movie. But after I finished watching her, I went online to read the movie and I should have done a little research in this movie before watching. Kell's secret is based on the true story of Kell's original book. A young boy, Brendan, has the task of creating new pages in what is the greatest book ever written. This book will contain information that will help "change darkness into light". Brendan lives in the village of Kells behind the huge stone walls. Taking place in the 8th century, Brendan's uncle, Kell's abbot, is trying to build the wall to keep the Vikings out. Brendan's uncle insists on helping to fill the wall, but a traveler and owner of the book drives Brendan to perfect his illustrating skills and convinces him to complete the book and fulfill his word. Meanwhile, when I watched the movie, I thought something was missing because I do not quite understand what's going on. I figured I was just missing a piece of Irish history. A simple Google search taught me everything I needed to know about Kell's original book. After reading many articles, my opinion about the film has changed a lot. Kell's book is a copy of the first New Testament books transcribed in Latin by the Welsh monks in Ireland in the 8th century. Together with the paleographic and insular scenario, the book is also beautifully illustrated in island art, a type of early art form known for its complexity, complexity and miniature illustrations. Much of the art in Kell's Book is described as a lot of art was at that time, flat and dimensionally challenged without perspective. But what makes Kells's Book stand out from other original arts is the use of many colors. Kell's secret is very colorful. Initially I thought the animation was smooth and boring. He reminded me very much of Samurai Jack, who also had a flat look and "amine". Once we've learned about the art styles in Kell's book, it's obvious that many of the styles in the book are imitated in the film. There are lines, bolts and various shapes that live in Brendan's mind. Whenever he goes into his imagination, circular shapes resembling the sun, noises, clocks and wheels begin to fill the screen. The edges of the screen become embedded in triangles or moving circles decorated. Transitions are full of color and celtic knots. From trees to floors, many things in this world are covered in shapes or patterns. As it ends with 70 minutes minus the credits, Kell's Secret is a less fun little history lesson, with little adventure and silliness thrown to keep people (maybe only children) interested. I think you generally need to be open to Kell's Secret as half a piece of art, half a movie about history. Despite being animated with Adobe Illustrator, it's a very nice movie. But on the basis of the 20 films presented for Oscar, I do not think it deserves to be nominated over Mary and Max. ThatWasJunk.Blogspot.com
