Until 1945, after a series of powerful propaganda pieces, Errol Flynn's, began to decline, despite the increase in the task of watching soon, he released a series of films about that genre, made his name: swashbuckler. The first one was a good one - ADVENTURES OF DON JUAN (1948) - but it also proved to be his latest Hollywood movie car. The rest of his sword days have been killed throughout Europe: in England for KIM (1950), MASTER OF BALLANTRAE (1953) and AVENGER DARK (1955) in France for CAPTAIN FABIAN ADVENTURES (1951) for William Williams' aborted stories (1953) and the few seen SWORDS CROSSED (1954). Nevertheless, Hollywood gave it its last time on its old sailing routes - though for a modest budget with a modest budget rather than a Warner Brothers' A production that was used to when it was at its peak <br /> </ strong> <br /> </ p> <p> Still, Technicolor glorious cinema greets the screen, and while an older and flicker Flynn may look like the pale shadow of its former car, Maureen O'Hara, has a field day as a tomboy buccaneer leader who deepens in craves romance and wants to be treated like a lady. Anthony Quinn was still a few years older than his lifetime vehicles, so here is usually considered baddie - pirate captain Roc Brasiliano, a role he is attacking with gusto. Like the BLACK SHIELD OF FALWORTH (1954) - a vision that preceded it - Despite all the FLAGs, it takes me back to my wonderful childhood days, constantly watching TV when Hollywood films were day order both on local Italian channels. As far as I know, this could have been the first pirate movie I've ever seen and wandering about at the thought of today's generation of young people who are supposed to think the Caribbean PIRATES trilogy is what is buccaneering about everything! As I said earlier, ANY FLAGs may not be the best pirate ever seen on the screen, but it is a solid example of this prolific genre, alike. At present, the Indian princess (Alice Kelley)'s amorous perseverance towards his captive pirate Flynn may strike one as terrible, but the rest - despite the fact that the heights of THE SEA HAWK (1940) and THE BLACK SWAN (1942), to mention the best navigational motions of his respective stars - is accelerating and reasonably engaged. Incidentally, the film will be released later as THE PIRATES KING (1967) with Doug McClure! <br /> <br /> For what it deserves, the unprecedented success of the box office of the frantic, modern franchise is most likely what caused reluctant film studios to collapse their titles and create them on DVD and, in fact, against all the FLAGs itself was the only jewel in a collection of "Pirates of the Golden Age Movie" films in Universal, which also contained obscure slaughter, such as BUCCANEER'S GIRL (1950 with Yvonne De Carlo), DOULE CROSSBONES (1951 with Donald O'Connor) and YANKEE BUCCANEER (1952 with Jeff Chandler)! Value for money, maybe, but so far, we have only purchased Errol Flynn from other sources; even if the mood strikes me in the future, I would like to get my hands on similar marine adventures, such as THE MUSIC of Edward Dmytyk (1952), YANKEE BUCCANEER and PIRATES OF TORTUGA (1961).
