Kell's Secret is an independent, animated feature that gives us one of the legendary stories surrounding the Kells Book, an enlightened manuscript from the Middle Ages, with the four Gospels of the New Testament. I did not know that this book exists, but knowing that my interpretation and analysis is much easier now. There are some stories and ideas floating around the way the book came, who wrote it and how it survived over 1000 years. This is one of them. We are presented to Brendan, an orphan who lives at the Kells Monastery in Ireland with his uncle, Abbot Cellach (expressed by Brendan Gleeson). Abbot Cellach builds a massive wall around the monastery to protect villagers and monks. Brendan does not like the wall, nor other monks. They focus more on reading and writing, something that Abbot Cellach does not have time for. He is afraid of the "North Men," who rob and leave empty cities and villages and burn to the ground. One day a traveler comes from the island of Iona near Scotland. He is Brother Aidan, a very wise man who carries with him a special book that is not yet finished. Abbot Cellach gives permission to stay and Brendan's friends meet him. Aidan has special plans for Brendan. First it needs ink for the book, but it needs specific fruit. The only way to do them is to venture out of the walls and into the forest, an area beyond Brendan's boundaries. Seeing that he is the only chance for Aidan to continue his work, he decides to sneeze and return with berries before the uncle notices his absence. In the woods, Brendan meets Ashley, the protector of the forest. It allows Brendan to switch to berries and along the way gets close to his company. It warns of the danger that fills in the darkness and not to use it. There are worse things than the Vikings there. From there, Brendan is faced with more challenges with the book and the imminent certainty of invasion. I like the story a lot more now that I know what it is all about. Knowing now what Kells' Book is and what it contains, animation has perfect sense. I'm sure you've seen pictures or copies of texts hundreds of years old, with terrible boundaries, colorful pictures and extravagant designs, creatures and writings that adore the pages. Just like Disney's sword frames in the stone. The animation contains many similar models and models here. It creates a unique viewing experience where the story and the animation almost try to overtake each other. I could not take my eyes off the incredible details. These are some of the best 2D animations we've seen over the years. It is vibrant, stimulating and lively. The characters are constantly surrounded by drawings, doodles and patterns in the trees, on the walls and in the air simply floating around. Improves the movie. The story is satisfactory, although I think the end could have been a little more tight. With a running time of only 75 minutes, I think there might be something special in the final act. It does not provide much information or emphasize the importance of the book. We are reminded of its importance, but we never fully understand it. We are told that it gives hope, but never why and how. This was the only film-free part. Otherwise, I thought the story was interesting, although it completely outdated the animation. I think it's good up to a certain level. The animation can wear a film until it drains. The story lacks a few parts, but a fascinating piece of history is interesting. I would like to look briefly at Kell's Book just to get an idea of ​​what I'm talking about about myself and about this movie. I think it will help your viewing experience much more. This is a very impressive and beautifully illustrated film that certainly should not be missed.
