I always watch Dakar, so when my husband bought Charlie's "Race to Dakar" DVD home, I do not expect to watch her! Of course I saw the racing run when the current race was on, but that never gives the fund and the specific teams. If you watched the Long Way Round then you will not be surprised by the language that I really find much more fun than the offensive. I think the only thing that annoyed me about the DVD was Charlie's hair, but he had the style in front of Dakar, so my feminine caregiving was damp; Tho "I could have lived without flaming lollipops like lol Like the LWR, training was as interesting as the breed itself." I almost wept when Charlie broke his hand and wounded every bruise he had borne, and course Andy Caldicott's death ... it was a terrible tragedy, but then there is something every year. <br /> <br /> <br /> Russ is driving me with peanuts, although his attitude has improved a thousandfold over the argumentative cynic he had in the LWR It's great to see him doing so well now with Charlie What I've learned from this odyssey was - never Scorpio to prepare your car for NEVER - had months to prepare the X5 and yet the day before the team left for Lisbon, Scorpio made only half of the things to be done and the vehicle was a pain throughout the race; . or Dakar thinkers need a lot more work in the driver recruitment plan - leaving Matt (and probably a large number of other drivers / drivers to dry out as they did was nothing but a guilty negligence; has enormous enthusiasm for the "rough and tough" adventure, but has to strengthen a crowd to play really as he would and, eventually, 4. Charlie and Ewan are planning another epic called "Long Way Down" I can not wait to get my hands on it: D If you like motorcycles and / or gentle meekness, you have to watch this, I guarantee you like that, it's really fun. <br /> In conclusion, to Simon Pavey - sir, you are a hero, I was so impressed with your "way of touching" your way and the fact that you actually finished ..... just incredible, given what what a monumental difficult race and Charlie, Matt and the rest of the team - whole grades to shoot. To believe that a relatively green team could have touched so much is truly admirable. You are wonderful.
