There is a theory of time that claims all the moments that have existed and will exist, are actually right now. It's a bit too much to wrap your head, but maybe a little comfort for those who want them to be able to come back in a time and a simpler place. For Barbara Jean Trenton (Ida Lupino), that time was twenty-five years earlier, in the mid-1930s, when her youth and glow had the greatest promise. For me, if I could travel in time, it would return to the 1950s when I grew up. Maybe in a place like Willoughby, but this is another episode. One thing that would not be so special in 1959 would be to handle all the sharp cars just to watch an episode of the "Twilight Zone." How many coils do you think it would take to catalog the entire series and then find a private story you want to watch? I think you need to consider compromises, convenience and simplicity, having it right now, or taking the time to beat it to the exact place where the story begins. Popping on a CD has its advantages. I'm a little surprised that Rod Serling will write a story that looks very much like "Sunset Boulevard". Ida Lupino's character mirror imagined Norma Desmond just a little too closely to be considered an original concept. Martin Balsam portrays a character similar to Erich von Stroheim, his husband turned into a butler, and loyalty is undisputed. If the divergent story has to do with how Danny (Balsam) and Sall (Ted de Corsia) challenge Barbara Jean to get the reality and clear the spider that paralyzes her existence. Fortunately for new viewers, Ida Lupino did not have such reservations about taking parts that were not "big, but a beautiful presentation." It's a real way to watch any episode of "Twilight Zone" and see who's coming out of the past. Sometimes you get two money, as you did here with Lupino and Balsam, celebrities who sometimes made signs before the series began, and sometimes after. Combined with the stories produced by the program, it is not surprising that they still manage to have fun so well today.
