After striking the audience with three very different episodes from bats, Serling continued to introduce audiences to The Twilight Zone in a very strange way, programming one of the biggest series producers as the fourth episode. The "sixteen millimeter altar" is one of the most underestimated episodes, focusing on the inability of the movie star to cope with changing times and the introduction of only a supernatural element in the closing minutes. Because of this approach, the episode is at the beginning of the month, but subsequent reviews reveal it to be a short story that is excellent and beautifully written. Both you see, Ida Lupino as Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam her frustrated but thoughtful agent shines in their performances. The main problem with the episode is that the 25-year-old actress's image is unconvincing. Lupino seems identical when playing young Trent, as he does when playing Trent of middle age, which significantly diminishes the tragedy of the situation. Luckily, Lupino acts on her socks, convincing her of her desperation to return to the past. It is a situation where you can feel the most, and yet Trent is far from a sympathetic character. She is a prim-donna who does not think too much about the feelings of those around her, such as the disgusting dry co-star, which she diminishes with no tact because she reminds her of how long her days of glory have been. It is somewhat surprising that she is rewarded with a happy ending. It is clear what will happen from the moment we see the huge projection screen and intelligently pre-emptied at opening times when Trent frightens the maid out of the back of the screen. What is not clear at first, however, is whether to be aspired in the projector will prove a reward or a hard lesson in appreciating what we have and what we are living at this time. As it turns out, Trent is allowed to go back to the past he wanted, a proof of how strong the thought of people is. <br /> <br /> The sixteen millimeter shrine improves with every view. The letter and the top act combine to create a huge piece of enormous power that reflects the nature of people to lengthen the past, even if we can never return. Except for the Twilight Zone.
