Bad luck in the night is an excellent fictional account of the weeks that led to RAPTURE and the weeks that followed that pivotal event. I enjoyed both the production values ​​and the values ​​of the content of this independent Christian film. <br /> <br /> PRODUCTION VALUES. Hey, it's an independent movie with a shoe budget, so it will look a little cheesy (if your standard is A-list price at Hollywood). But, properly compared to other independent films, this film is perfectly acceptable. More important than acting, costumes and music is the narrative itself. Is it the convincing story? Do dramatic moments? Does the story trajectory build a satisfactory climate? The answer to all these questions is an unqualified "yes". As a note, really important technical things - continuity, sound, illumination - are good. The visitor can watch the show without being distracted by an unclear maneuver. <br /> <br /> THE VALUE OF THE CONTENT. The message of the movie is superb. When you think about how many ideas were created by the film maker within 69 minutes, start appreciating your artist. He presents the message of salvation, the consequence of unbelief, the danger of retrospection, the truth of abduction, and the threat of a satanic government dominated by the world with flare, imagination and - most importantly for an evangelical film - Bible Precision. The filmmaker is a good storyteller. For example, he develops the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) shows by action the reality of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ for us. This is done in a subplot in which the zoologist is beaten by a poisonous snake and almost dies. The only cure is blood from someone who is immune to snake poison. Poison is like sin; healing is like the blood of Christ shed on the cross. (2) The director also develops the message of salvation through dialogue. He has different characters explaining the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. So the filmmaker uses both the action and the dialogue to tell his story. As a note, the fact that a movie produced by evangelical Christians actually contains dialogues and scenes that convey a clearly defined message of salvation expressed in explicitly evangelical Christian language, images and theology is also perfectly acceptable. Criticating this film to be explicitly Christian is absurd; is similar to the criticism of a Nike promotion for sports. What else would Evangelical creators of Christian films do, if not a movie to assert their case? Also, the fact that the filmmaker uses the idea that unbelief will be left behind in a world without God is once again perfectly acceptable. The film maker uses the dramatic potential of this admirable idea. How do I know? I heard about a NIGHT GOD from a woman who saw the show in 1974; She still lived in her memory thirty years later. How many movies can you say about this? Around all, a very pleasant, challenging thinking show. I'm going to show my teenage group to the church.
