Elvisa Mister of Darkness (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dance, Lee McLaughlin, Charles Woolf, Sharon Hays, Bill Kabel, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Alan Dewames, Tim Hill , Derek Givens ... Director James Sugorelli ... Screenplay Sam Egan, John Paragon. Elvira, Mistress of the Dark, had her own late night cable show. She hosted and featured classic American horror movies, many of them campy, while offering her own chips and humorous comments. Actress Cassandra Peterson has so far this succession. In 1988, her first film was released. Playing, she has been hosted monster movie shows but she wants her own show in Las Vegas and makes big money. Her Agent Manny is a disappointment. Not long before he inherited a mansion from a deceased relative, a pet dog, and a recipe book. She comes to claim her inheritance in a small town in Nevada - she was on the way to Vegas and lost - and soon shakes things in the sedate community. Conservative woman conservative council woman Chastity Pariah (Edie McClurg) soon sees her as a threat to the decency and values ​​of the little city. Her voluptuous figure and winning figure soon draw the city's youth. She falls in love with Bob Redding (Daniel Greene), the city / carpenter, but before any real relationship flourishes, she finds herself in deep trouble. Vincent Talbot, an elderly man who is about to inherit some of Elvira's family, is an old witch who has a personal vendetta against Elvira and Elvira. He is aware that the so-called "recipe card" is actually a powerful magic book, a power he wants to claim. He plans to bring Elvira by putting the city on the ark. How will Elvira come out of it? The film had no real box office success, attracting a lot of younger audiences familiar with the Elvira cable show. The truth is that it's a funny and good movie. The script is full of all sorts of jokes, some bad, some good, a lot of sexual clue, visual jokes and general championship, that is the last hilarious scene where Elvira has finally made his own comic show in Vegas. This movie is a classic cult classic, which enjoys the fans of Elvira. You could not enjoy this movie otherwise. It's also a look back at the 'pop' culture of the 1980s. Elvira was just as much an icon of the 80s as Alf, Vicky Robot, Hulk Hogan, T and Madonna.
