From the beginning of his career in the '70s and very much in the exuberance of the' 80s, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has become a modest icon and an authentic figure of worship in the world of horror and evil monster films. While Mrs. Peterson took different supporting roles in films, covering a wide variety of genres, she was the most famous of her TV character Elvira. Part of her charm? and respect from fans ?? is in the fact that he has never turned the horror genre that made him famous (unlike many other actors and big-name actresses who struggle to distance themselves from their "early" work). I saw only pieces and pieces of her television shows, but her role in Ghoultown's recent song "Mistress of the Dark" encouraged me to check out more things. One thing was clear to me before this musical video: Over the years, Elvira had become a force of influence itself until the mid-1980s. In 1988, after movies such as "Fright Night" and "TerrorVision "have embraced a homage and a fool in his television work, eventually happened:" Elvira, the Master of Darkness, "the film. Now I've seen the trailer for that already on VHS rental days, but it took me until last week to finally see the real movie. A few years ago, I was able to look at Elvira's "Haunted Hills" (made in 2001), but for some reason I did not feel so impressed. Was it really forgotten or should I give it another watch? Actually, I really feel like I'm going to watch now, because this first Elvira movie of '88 really convinced me. Although it may be partly responsible for making this film, it might be Sam Egan and John Paragon with their contribution to the script, there really is no way to deny them: Cassandra Peterson has a great sense of comedy co-wrote the script). When Elvira finds out that she is one of the great aunt's beneficiaries (she has never heard of it), she's taking it for a long time to start her own show in Las Vegas. To support his legitimate legacy money, he travels to a quiet city in New England. But the people in Falwell who are in control are for treatment. In less time, she manages to shock and insult all the notorious inhabitants of the conservative city with her provocative (often unintentional) behavior. To make things worse, her inheritance proves to be not what she expected: a rundown mansion, a cookbook and a poodle. But what she does not know, and her evil uncle, Vincent Albot, is that her great aunt was a witch, and the cookbook contains recipes to create the darkest dark powers imaginable. And if you have not turned off the movie ever since Elvira prepared the first dish, then be sure to walk out with a smile on your face. > <br /> It's surprising how a scenario combined with joke, witchcraft, movie references, joke in the interior, and joyful taste is also going to tell a coherent story. Simple, of course, but coherent. While other films, relying heavily on gag-like situations, often make you lose your story completely (for example, "Gun Naked" movies), this movie is not. A lot of horror comedies were produced in the 1980s, but not many actually worked. Not to mention a horror parody that does not derail at any given time (the "Killer Party," though I'm grateful for the fact that it goes completely during the final) or gets too tedious too fast ("Saturday 14"). Although "Elvira" is more comedic than horror, it does not lose what it does and constantly builds into a gruesome ending, complete with a supernatural confrontation on Falwell's streets between the new-born Elvira sorcerer and the evil sorcerer of Uncle Talbot including a true honest-to-god witch hunt and self-burning elvira at stake. I tell you, there is no power in hell that could make this movie unfortunate. One of the glances was already during the opening credits, when Daniel Greene's name appeared. Daniel who? Oh yes, I recognized his name (and later his macho-face). How to not forget Daniel Greene once you've seen ... "Cyborg atomic aka Fists of Steel"! But if you have not seen "Atomic Cyborg," then I'm sorry, but you will not be able to laugh in this. And in a note: I never imagined that Elvira looked so cool as he was ignorant of a gas station. Even Robert Rodriguez could not have made the shot look better.
