The "Night of the Homeless" was a pretty strong end for the first half of Season 11. Obviously, a parody of various zombie films, especially Dawn of the Dead, this episode parallel to the homeless with living deaths, as creatures nourish and face the exchange of exchange, rather than the brain. Kyle is accused of the sudden outbreak of homeless people when, out of the heart of his heart, he gives $ 20 to a homeless man in front of his house. More homeless people are starting to infiltrate South Park until the city is completely overtaken by them. This is a very powerful episode by Randy Marsh because he takes the lead role of those who take revenge on the roof of the Park County Community Center. But before Randy gets to the community center, he is accused by hundreds of homeless people, while shouting with hilarity "I have no change!" Unfortunately, refugees end up losing Gerald Broflofski to homeless people when they try to get rid of a bus from the city and undoubtedly throw all the change for the bus to distract homeless people. Then he becomes one of them, asking everyone to change. The boys are trying to find out why there are so many homeless people in South Park and find a man who is director of homeless studies. They find that the nearby town, Evergreen, had a problem similar to homeless, so they fled to Evergreen to find out what they were doing to solve the problem. Unfortunately, homeless people enter the house of man and try to take the easy way by shooting. However, he fails many times, as he shoots himself into the jaw, his eyes, his chest, his neck, his shoulder, screaming horribly until he finally dies. This scene may have been more fun if a similar scene did not happen in "Fantastic Easter Special" two weeks ago. Meanwhile, a refugee member discovers that due to the homeless problem, the bank has blocked his home, making it homeless. Randy immediately turns to him, holding the gun at the man's head. When the man urges others for a few dollars to help him, Randy pulls the trigger. In Evergreen, the boys find out that the citizens of the city sent homeless people to South Park, and that homeless people move to the city across the country. The boys change a bus that leads homeless people from South Park and take them all the way to Santa Monica, California. The parallel zombie film, and the great lines of Randy Marsh make it obvious. 8/10
