"Mr. Harvey lights up a candle" is anchored by the brilliant performance of Timothy Spall. While we can anticipate that his tough teacher, a tall professor will have some sort of decomposition or catharsis based on some deeply secretive of his past, as his emotions are revealed is surprising. Spall's range of feelings is quite moving and more than usual appears as part of Mike Leigh's repertoire. While an expected school bus trip was used only for comic purposes such as "Simpsons," this central situation of a visit to Salisbury Cathedral in Rhadian Brook's script is well structured and drafted for dramatic purposes and is close officially divided into papers. the British urban range of racially and religiously diverse children (with their uniforms we could not say whether this is a "private" or "public" school) as they gather together? rapeseed children, Asian and Muslims in South Asia, white bullies and common girls? but transmitted quite naturally and individually. The young actors, of whom I recognized from British television, such as "shameless," were exuberant in representing the usual range of high junior social pressure. Celia Imrie brings more warmth in the role of supervisor than usually plays to play. A break in the journey leads to a transforming crisis for some, while others remain unusually accustomed. We believe, like Professor Ben Miles of Coupling, that we will be licking a doctrinal spoon on religious tolerance, but it is more about believing in people as well as God, so the BBC has shown it in England at Easter time and BBC America showed it in the United States during Christmas. Nathalie Press, who was also good at "Summer of Love," plays a key role in Mr. Harvey's redemption that could have been played for preaching the weekly film, but touches as they approach each other in a unexpectedly (unfortunately we have seen their intense scene interrupted by commercials). While it's a bit hard to handle many times, calling this "a pilgrimage" road trip, this quiet film was the best recount of "good will to men" than I have seen in most TV films with themed holiday.
