"Why did they make them so great? Why did not they give the money to the poor?" The question about the cathedrals was given by a student to Mr. Harvey during a trip to the Salisbury School. "This is a good question," he replied. "Let's inspire them in part - let them look at them in amazement." I'm not sure cathedrals have that impact on everyone, but this movie certainly had that impact on me. Was awesome! <br /> <br /> It has not started like this. For a while, it seemed to be a bit more than a description of a trip to the Salisbury school. If you've ever been on a high school trip to any place, that's basically. You have a group of kids who are largely uninterested, just that you are happy to get out of a day school, the bus driver who is crazy about them, and some teachers who desperately try to keep them under control. It was there, do it, I got the shirt was my initial reaction. I realized that in the end it would be a typical story of a teacher who managed to inspire a group of disinterested students. YAWNING! But it turns out to be even more! Timothy Spall was brilliant as Mr. Harvey - a somber, merciless teacher with a strange fascination for the cathedrals. Throughout the film, his story slowly comes out and becomes the focal point of the story. We also presented some of the troubled students - especially Helen, also played brilliantly by Nathalie Press, who self-mutilated. This is not a religious film, but includes some powerful reflections on religious themes. When Harvey's colleague Jonathon (played by Ben Miles) says, "I do not care what anyone thinks as long as they do not try to force anyone else," Harvey says, "there is no tolerance - it's indifference!" - which is (in my opinion) what is often passed for religious tolerance in our society. There are scenes of reconciliation between different characters, and the final scene of the movie was brilliant. While Harvey gets on the bus, director Susanna White has the room slowly, so the last blow is simply heaven - listening back to Harvey's comment that the purpose of the cathedral is to make people look in amazement. The cathedral achieves its purpose. We look in the universe with surprise, we look for something bigger than ourselves, yet we choose to define it. This is a very powerful and inspiring movie. 9/10
