Match 1: Match Tag Team Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started things with a table match for the Tag team against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. Under the rules of the match, both opponents have to go through the tables to win. Benoit and Guerrero warmed up early with Spike and then Bubba Ray. A Bloit German suplement to Bubba took the wind from Brother Dudley. Spike tried to help his brother, but the referee narrowed, while Benoit and Guerrero beat him in the corner. Benoit, while bombing Bubba, Guerrero prepared a table out. Spike went into the ring and fell on the top of Guerrero's rope out! After recovering and taking care of Spike, Guerrero slid a table into the ring and helped Wolverine prepare him. The tandem then gave a double superplex from the middle of the rope that would put Bubba through the table, but Spike beat the table just before his brother collapsed! Guerrero and Benoit supported another table in the corner and tried to do it through the Irish Whip Spike, but Bubba walked in and blocked his brother. Bubba caught fire and raised both opponents in the drops behind the body! Bubba beat Guerrero and Spike hit Wolverine from the top rope. Bubba kept Benoit in the back for Spike to get up in Wassup! Headbutt! Shortly thereafter, Benoit left Spike in Crossface, but the game continued even after Spike left. Bubba came to rescue his brother and managed to broaden Benoit on a table. Bubba jumped from the middle of the rope, but Benoit moved and sent Bubba to collapse through the woods! But because his opponents did not force him to the table, Bubba was allowed to stay in the match. The first man was eliminated shortly after, as Spike put Eddie through a table with a Dudley Dawg from the ring apron to the outside! Benoit pulled Spike through a table a few minutes later, even for the score. In a few seconds, Bubba beat a Bubba bomb that put Benoit through a table and gave Dudley its victory! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley Match 2: Cruiserweight Championship Jamie Noble vs. Billy Kidman Billy Kidman caused Jamie Noble to bring Nidia with him to the ring for the Cruiserweight Championship. Noble and Kidman closed and fell over the ring but came back inside and fought more. When Kidman crushed All Noble's movements, Noble fled outside the ring where Nidia gave him an encouragement. The fight spread out of the ring, and Noble threw his girlfriend into the challenge. Kidman threw Nidia aside, but he was caught with a modified bar. Noble continued to attack Kidman's wounded arm in the ring. The evil hurt by Kidman made his crime more difficult, but he continued to struggle hard. Noble tried to put Kidman with a power bomb, but the opponent countered in a head shot. Kidman went to finish things with a Shooting Star press, but Noble broke the test. Kidman went back to Shooting Star Press, but this time Noble just got out of the way. Noble tipped Kidman into a power bomb right after and got his PIN to keep his WWE Cruiserweight Championship! Winner: Jamie Noble Match 3: European Championship William Regal vs. Jeff Hardy William Regal took Jeff Hardy further in the quest to win the European Championship. Jeff catapulted Regal over the top rope, then took him with a hurracanran from the ring apron. Back in the ring, Jeff hit the whisper in the wind to beat Regal for a loop. Jeff left for the Swanton bomb, but Regal lifted his knees to hit Jeff with a devastating blow. Jeff managed to surprise Regal through a quick recovery and gained his leg to keep the European Championship! Regal began to grumble when he saw Hardy celebrating on his way to the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy Match 4: Chris Jericho vs. John Cena Chris Jericho vowed to put an end to John Cena's career in Vengeance, which came next. Jericho tried to teach Price a lesson, because their match started by obedience to mat. Jericho continued to beat the Price around the ring until his cock got better than him. While on the top rope, Jericho began to dive and allowed Price to capture him for a superplex! Price followed a slam with tilt-a-whirl, but it was taken off with a ugly blow to the intestine. The Rookie recovered and hit a belly in the upper belly, but failed to bring the Y2J. Jericho has launched Lionsault, but Price has circumvented the move. Iericho beat a bulldog and then linked Lionsault, but he did not go to the cover. He took the ashes to his feet so that he could put on the walls of Jericho. Price had other ideas, reversing the move in a PIN attempt and getting 1-2-3! Jericho went after the game. Winner: John Cena <br /> <br /> Match 5: RVD Intercontinental Championship vs Brock Lesnar Disqualification Next Big Thing and Mr. Pay-Per-View are messing up with the Intercontinental Championship on the line. Brock grabbed the title at ref. And he wrapped it over his shoulder as he watched the RVD. Van Dam's speed gave Brock a start-up time. The big man came out of the ring and hit the steel steps of frustration. Brock pulled together and began to worry. With Paul Heyman shining on the edge, Brock hit the RVD on the hard floor outside the ring. From there, Brock began defeating the RVD, throwing him easily over the top rope. The RVD painfully landed on the back, then had to suffer because of its crack cracked against the steps of the steel ring. The fight returned to the ring, while Brock squeezed the RVD around the ribs. The RVD broke off, and soon they left Brock with a shot at the temple. RVD followed with Rolling Thunder, but Brock managed to quit after a couple. The fight showed that it would soon have ended when the RVD left for a five-star walk. Brock, however, pushed Van Dam over his shoulder and went to F-5, but RVD turned Brock into a DDT and followed Frog Splash! He went to the pine, but Heyman pulled the reel from the ring! Ref refused immediately for a disqualification and blows soon traded with Heyman! After that, RVD threw Brock off the top rope and then threatened to hit Van Terminator! Heyman grabbed RVD's foot, and Brock took the champion and this time he connected with the F-5 to a steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker T vs. Big Show Booker T Faces Show One Next to One. The poster resisted the hits and strokes of Booker T and hit him in Booker's corner. After being thrown out of the ring, Booker took a chair from the ring, but Big Show pushed him to Booker. Booker tried to get back into the game by choking the show with a ring-ring cable. Booker destroyed a TV monitor from the post of Spanish reporters in the show's skull, then gave a scissor blow that put both men on the table! Booker crawled back into the ring and the Big Show overturned a few moments later. Show Booker's grace, but was met with a small shot and a shot at the scene. Booker climbed up the rope and grabbed a drop of feet to get the pin! Winner: Booker T Announcement: Triple H entered the ring in a tumultuous ovation, while fans hoped to learn where the game would compete. Before I could talk, Eric Bishoff stopped The Game to apologize for being involved in his personal business. If Triple H signed with RAW, Bischoff has promised that his personal life will never come into play. Bischoff said he spent the last two years on the network in Hollywood. He said that everyone is looking for the next WWE Superstar breakout and still talking about Triple H. Bischoff has guaranteed that if Triple H sign with RAW, he would have topped out. Stephanie McMahon went out to launch her own land. She said that because of their personal history with Triple H, the two know each other very well. She said the two were once unstoppable and may be back again. Bischoff cut her and begged her to stop. Stephanie mentioned that Triple H had told him once Bischoff had said that Triple H had no talent and charisma. Bischoff said he was young at the time and did not know what he had, but he still has much more experience than Stephanie. The two continued to whine back and forth until Triple H climbed up with the microphone. The game said it would be easy to say that you got caught up with each of them. Triple H went to shake Bischoff's hand but pulled it. He said he would prefer to go with the devil he knows, rather than the one he does not know. Before going any further, however, Shawn Michaels came out to shake things up. HBK said the last thing he wanted to do was cause any trouble. He did not want to get involved, but he remembered committing to bring Triple H to nWo. HBK said there is no one in the world that Triple H is better with. HBK told his friend to imagine two of them together again, making Bischoff's life alive. Triple H said it was a tempting offer. Then he came back and hugged HBK, officially making his change to RAW! Triple H and HBK left, and Bischoff was pleased with the victory. Bischoff said the difference between the two is that he has testicles and he does not. Stephanie hit Bischoff on the side of her head and left! Match 7: Tag Team Christian Match and Lance Storm vs. Hollywood Hogan and Edge The match started with the temptations of the "US" and Hogan pushing Christian through the ropes and the ring. The Canadians took over from there. But Edge scored a shot at Christian's head and planted a facebuster on Storm to get Hogan's label. Hogan started to get up and soon caught Christian with a big boot and a drop of his feet! The storm broke the count, and Christian threw Hogan out of the ring where Storm survived the icon. Edge was soon labeled and gave up both opponents. He forced both of them into the corners of the corner, but he missed a spear on the Strom and hit the hard ref. Edge beat a DDT, but the refusal was down and could not count. The test went down and took Hogan, then marked Edge with a boot. Storm tried to get the needle, but Edge kicked in two. Riksihi lit up to face the test, allowing Edge to recover and shoot Storm. Christian distracted the refusal, however, and Y2J entered and lowered the Edge with the Tag Team Championship! Storm rolled and won the title to win the title! Winners and champions of the new label teams: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: WWE Championship Championship Undisputed Triple Threat Match. Rock vs. Kurt Angle and Undertaker Three of the WWE's most successful superstars have lined up against each other in a Triple Threat game with the Undead Championship hanging in the balance. Taker and The Rock faced Kurt Angle, asking for special attention. He received attention in the form of a beating from the other two men. Soon after, Taker spilled out of the ring, and The Rock threw Angle. Angle has given a series of releases that have released Rock, but the Great has countered with a DDT that has managed a number two. The fight continued outside the ring, and Taker came to life and dressed Angle and repeated The Rock. Taker and Rock went back into the ring and Taker gave up The Rock with a pavement to get a couple. Rock ascended, grabbed Taker by his throat and stabbed him! Angle broke the pine attempt that would have offered the title The Rock. Rock has avenged the blocking on Kurt Angle's boot. Angle reversed the movement and the Rock Bottomed People's Champion. Soon after, The Rock threw Angle and hit the People's Bend on the Undertaker. Angle tried to take advantage, disabling the big one outside the ring and covering Taker, who broke out after two counts. Outside the ring, Rock took a big drink from a nearby bottle of water and took the liquid in front of Taker to blind the champion. Taker has not been left with disabilities for a long time and has managed to defeat Rock and turn his attention to Angle. Taker landed a drop of angle guillotine, sitting on the ring apron. Rock comes up in time to destroy Kurt Angle. Taker nailed Rock with a DDT and prepares him for a bomb. Angle tried to sneak through a steel chair, but Taker collapsed at that table and pulled him out of his hands. The referee was caught by the fire and did not see Angle beat silly Taker with a steel chair. Angle went to cover Taker as the Rock was prone, but Dead Man somehow took his shoulder up. Angle tried to slide Rock, but he also kicked out. The rock got up and landed Angle in the sharpening! Angle looked like he wanted to touch, but Taker gave The Rock a trap. Taker took Rock and collapsed with Last Ride. As the dead man covered him for victory, Angle stepped in and took Taker into squatting! Taker was delighted by his foul, but managed to counterattack. He chose Angle for the last ride, but Angle put on a choked triangle! It seemed that Taker was about to leave, but Rock broke Angle's handle just to get caught in the ankle lock. Rock stepped out of the house and watched Taker Chokeslam Angle. Rocky hit Rock Bottom, but Taker refused to go down and kicked out. Angle turned Taker into Angle Slam, but it was rock below the Great and was locked! Winner and new WWE Champion: The Rock <br /> <br /> ~ Finally, there is a decent PPV! Lately, PPV was not very good, but it was a winner. I gave this PPV a A- <br /> <br />
