I do not know if this contains spoilers or not, but I do not want to risk being black listed until 3462. I totally disagree with the commentators who described * Guns, Germs and Steel * as "politically correct" and "neo-Marxist." They could not follow the same series that we did *. The * I * series watched describe the history of European colonization in America and South Africa without any particular inaccuracies. I did not see anything in the series that represented Europeans as bad people who were lucky, though Europeans were often lucky and there is nothing wrong with luck. We have not even seen indigenous peoples portrayed as poor innocent things. If not, Inca was rather arrogant - as you would expect any leader to meet strangers if his country was not conquered in the living memory of any other world power. <br /> <br /> I certainly have not seen anything that can be interpreted as Marxist or Neo-Marxist, except for the most incredibly elastic imagination. Otherwise, many African nations * do not have immunity embedded in malaria and other tropical diseases that Europeans lack. At that time, they were at the height of their successes, Aztec, Maya, and Inca civilizations were just as advanced as any other in the world - and as rich; sometimes more. The American aboriginal and Khoi-San * peoples were * decimated by smallpox and other diseases introduced by Europeans; just as European colonists have been decimated by tropical diseases such as malaria. (NOTE: The Khoi-San peoples are completely different from the other peoples in sub-Saharan Africa.) So I do not see what some commentators complain about. The only thing I can find to cry is that the series does not tell me anything I did not know until I finished the seventh grade. There is nothing new about the historical information in this movie. However, it presents some dramatic events, such as the conquest of the Incas; production values ​​are very high; and filled with a few holes here and there that were not covered by Mrs. Gruber in the sixth class of social studies at Milan's Middle School. If you rent or buy this, assuming you have a decent primary and / or gymnasium education, you will not learn anything new, but you will have a pleasant and fun time to review what you have already learned (or should have learned) until you hit the high school.
