I look at the series back in the back as quickly as possible. I'm trying to track all things Star Trek. This is the third month and I am now on Season 3 of the TNG and I have already gone through DS9 entirely. Star Trek is the biggest television phenomenon ever made. "Shades of Gray" is the first recapitulative episode in the TNG series. After watching the shows, these videos were fresh in my mind, but I noticed how some of them were re-shot because the movie looked better. Season 1 always seemed dark and ugly for me - and the actors seemed stupid, as if they did not fit into their skin. The show is basically just made of the greatest hits of the happiest and the saddest moments in Riker's Enterprise life so far. The Date and Riker scene in the holo-deck is a classic new friendship moment. My other favorite is when the second officer on the Klingon ship is challenging Riker's authority as the first officer, and Riker beats the live CRAP from that Klingon. Then the admiral hits $ $$ but good. This whole episode is a remorse of a reminder that many crazy, wonderful things have already happened in only 2 seasons, with another 5, to go with a handful of movies! At this point in her series they begin to develop the emotions that link Riker de Deanna Troi as Imzadi. So far they have mentioned this, but have not yet managed to exploit it. Allow the record to show that ST Wiki - Alpha Memory claims that Imzadi means "the first" and denotes that she had intimate relationships with Riker and also remains deeply close to an emotional one. This episode further proves that there will be a romantic tension for each other for a long time. <br /> <br /> Here's the article: http://memory-alpha.org/en/wiki/Imzadi By this point in the series, production value is up to speed and Star Trek TNG sets in sci-fi behemoth was destined to become. Looking back as an adult, I see now what GREAT ACTORS offer the Star Trek Universe. They have to make a new ST show, after all the current shows. A DS9 movie would have been nice too.
