Many people know how they feel when a loved one is lost. Feelings of pain, pain and pain may be unbearable. However, sometimes the memories that they leave behind trigger the saddest emotions. This theme is superbly portrayed in the "Tulip" movie, directed by award-winning Australian actress Rachel Griffths. Described as a movie "as much about memories as about love," a series of sensitivity and sentimentality is experienced in this triumphant 15 minute film. "Tulip" is a beautifully worked heart-warming story of a man's journey to conform to his wife's loss through the relationship he shares with a very special "Tulip" animal. The film opens with a sunrise, bird noise and a vast landscape, introducing the sense of rustic harmony present throughout the movie. Playing a light music, marking Ruth's entry (Jean Bain). She wears a flower dress and an apron with a hat on her head. She gently stroked Tulip, caressing her ears and letting her back. The furniture of the house is impressive, and attention to detail is credible (a vase of tulips can be seen on the bench) reflecting the peaceful rural community. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) welcomes Ruth as he pulls the milk out of the bucket. Pour the milk and coffee together, a pet sign and teamwork. There is no word, but it is obvious that their relationship is close and affectionate; they paint a perfect picture of happiness. Unfortunately, happiness does not last forever. Ruth's tragic passage deeply affects Will. An effective scene of blurring cars highlights Will's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the funeral day. Soon, he sinks into depression and becomes unseen in his surroundings when everything seems to be hopeless and lost. At Will's desperation, Tulip becomes Ruth's symbol, the authentic relationship Will has with his late wife. Through Tulip, Will will learn to cope with Ruth's lack and overcome the feelings of the heart of loneliness. Each of the characters is portrayed in a realistic and solid way, especially in Will's. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell brings the character alive through personal investment. The recent loss of his wife (Audrey Tingwell) is actually reflected in his acting. Every bite of his shoulder and every frown on his forehead makes the spectator feel strong with the character. The character of Ruth is wonderful made by Jean Bain. Although Ruth does not say a single word throughout the movie, her sweet personality and loving relationship with Will are obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards offer delightful performances in supporting roles like Margaret and Mary's friends. They also add a subtle humor to the bitter story. An anecdote from Griffith's childhood, the story of loss and discovery is remarkably captured in the "Tulip". Beautiful shot and gorgeous action, this movie will make you eyes swallowed, triumphant or feel like drinking a cup of milk.
