"Sasquatch Hunters" was not as bad as I thought. <br /> <br /> ** SPOILERI ** Traveling in the Forest Park Rangers Charles Landon (Kevin O'Connor) Roger Gordon (Matt Latimore) Brian Stratton (David Zelina) Spencer Combs (Rick Holland) and Janet's sister (Stacey Branscombe) escort Dr. Helen Gilbert (Amy Shelton-White) Gary Sturm) and assistant Louise Keaton (Juliana Dever) to find the place of reputable bones in the area. When they make camp, the team discovers a huge burial ground and strange bones that pile the area. When group members begin to disappear, they begin to wander through forests safely. It has been discovered that a Sasquatch is behind the killings, and the team joins to survive. The good news: It was not as bad as I thought it would be. The movie really begins to absorb some steam half way when the creature attacks. This is an exciting scene scene because the entire group is subject to creature attacks, and the suspense throughout the game is extremely high. The wooded area is dully properly during these parts, raising tension and wondering when a single person who wanders in the forest will get his contribution. Also, the fairly liberal spread of the film is the effective use of off-screen stutter and noise, which are truly lifeless. They even add a lot to make this part so creepy, as well as other times the hoarse squeaking sounds. It's quite efficient and works well. It's pretty nice that the later part of the movie takes the rhythm, because it looks pretty good on a note of action. A scene I feel especially needs to emphasize is a special scene at first viewing. As a man passes through the forest of the creature, he puts on the expedition that sought it. Raising his hands to the holler for them for help, the second he goes to announce his presence is attacked from nowhere and killed quite quickly. He caught me by surprise and actually gave me a little jump at the first viewing. Bad News: There were just a few things to cry here and one is a common complaint. The creature here is largely rendered by the terrible CGI, which made it totally ridiculous and destroys any credibility it could have. The air of threat caused by the opening of the film is almost shot off the window when the creature appears on the screen. It's so fun that it's a shame, a little more work has not been put into it. I have been very much complained about this and it is something that should really be eliminated because it does not seem realistic and quite false. Another big screen is the kill here. Very often in the film is a grabbed person and then pulled away, and then finding the bloody body after. It's quite aggravating when the killing looks nice and juicy afterwards. Otherwise, I do not really have a problem with this, because everything that is usually criticized about it does not really bother me, but it is called for others beyond these things. Ultimate Verdict: I liked this, but it's still not the best Sasquatch movie ever. It should not be taken seriously, and if it is seen in this way, it is really pleasant. The fans of these movies should offer a look and those who like the features of Sci-Fi Creature can also find some beautiful things here. Rated: Graphic language, Violence and some graphics
