I read some reviews of this TV movie, which all said that the movie attracted too much time and that it was basically just sensational entertainment. I agree that maybe the movie goes too long (2h30 would have been enough ...), but I certainly do not think that the subject is sensational. Jim Jones's expansion trip and slow degradation in mental illness, paranoia and drug abuse are not treated voyeuristically. The film gives time to show how Jones recruited the followers (the character of Brenda Vaccaro and Brad Dourif are stand-outs in this matter), but also observing a strange change in Jones' perception of reality. It is wonderful to see an egalitarian preacher, left and compassionate, becoming such a destructive and cruel dictator. Perhaps the film does not exploit Jones' motivations quite a bit, which can sometimes be full of suffering (it can also have censorship ...) But the fascinating performance of Powers Boothe makes all come true. I'm not familiar with the details of Jim Jones's real life, but Boothe makes the monster play credible and real. The film has many powerful scenes, including Jones 'preaching tables, Jones' encounter with Divine Father (a remarkable James Earl Jones), the visit of Congressman Leo Ryan (Ned Beatty) to the Guyana camp and, of course, the scene of suicide. It's quite grim specter to watch and Boothe is quite commanding in the last moments. Madge Sinclair shines in this scene as one of the sudden skeptics, as well as Veronica Cartwright (as Jones's wife) and Brad Dourif, especially when the time comes to drink the killer potion. The relative calm of the end of this scene, the delicate direction and the contrasting beauty of the natural surroundings all work to make those images impossible to remove from their minds. A disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses. It is worth watching, if only to take into account one of the truly appalling events of the twentieth century. Do not repeat it again. Like, ironically, the inscription in Jim Jones camp: "Those who do not know the past are forced to repeat it."
