At the end of the eighties, Warren Beatty created and starred in epic literary roles about the founding of the Soviet Union as seen through the eyes of iconoclastic radical John Reed. It was a profoundly fun movie, as well as an all-star cast. At the end of the decade, Warren Beatty created a different kind of epic in Dick Tracy, who makes no claim to be anything but entertainment, with a bunch of the best actors around him, having just a very long time, pack under a lot of makeup. <br /> <br /> That both Reds and Dick Tracy can come from the same individual speaks volumes about the range that this man has as a player. In this film, Beatty managed to get all the famous cartoon characters on the tape and put them in an original script. The top mobster of the city, Big Boy Caprice, makes a move to really eliminate the competition. The film opens with him rubbing his Lips Manlis sticks in a Valentine-style massacre movie, and then Lips himself being mounted for a layer of cement. But Caprice's movements make him a target for Tracy. Meanwhile, a third, mysterious and unpretentious individual wants to overturn Caprice himself. Our hero will solve this horror of murder? The fun spirit of this movie is truly infectious. When people like Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman, Paul Sorvino, William Forsythe, R.G. Armstrong is scandalizingly preparing to show off the cartoon creations of the author of Chester Gould's band, and then dives in a sculpture exercise the biggest slice of ham, you have to love this movie. <br /> <br /> Al Pacino received a nomination for Best Supporting Actor, but any one of these boys might have, except that Pacino as Big Boy Caprice gets the most time on the screen. Only Beatty plays it right, the others seem to play with him. Dick Tracy won the Academy Award for Best Art and Set Design, best song written by Stephen Sondheim and introduced by Madonna sooner or later. The fact that he even managed to make someone like Sondheim write a score for this movie just shows that Sondheim wanted to entertain. As far as Madonna is concerned, Material Girl has more than to realize heavier action like Torah Breathless Mahoney club singer. Prior to this film, Dick Tracy's films were shipped in B pictures and worse than the afternoon series on Saturday. The only thing that rivals this extravagance of the stars is a radio show made for the Radio Force Armed Forces during the Second World War, which reached the vinyl. Can you believe a cast like Bing Crosby, Bob Hope, Frank Sinatra, Dinah Shore, Jimmy Durante, Judy Garland, Frank Morgan, and Andrews sisters? Try to find a record of that jewelery. Until then, Warren Beatty's strip for the big screen will do great.
