Love it or get it disoriented, it's hard not to find Warren Beatty on "Dick Tracy," adapting the 1990 movie to Chester Gould's famous comic book, anything but a classic genre. The Superhero movie has come out of wood in recent years and may soon become a genre on its own. Beatty's film freely uses Gould's source material to achieve maximum effect, drawing in all six primary colors, and thus providing this unique but familiar world to gentle mutant gangsters in triggering and free, seductive women visual style and lush tone. It can be said that the strong visual aesthetics of the film is drastically short-lived, changing their characters and acting skills, which I do not think may be farther from the truth. "" Dick Tracy "enjoys his appearance and spoiled characters, and Beatty himself, and the incorptious detective of the title, is properly stoic and ready to remove bad boys at all costs." Besides makeup and makeup award-winning Oscar, there is a plot, and Big Caprice (Al Pacino, delicious everywhere on top of an Oscar-nominated show) tries to eliminate Tr home in a well planned move but also tries to gain control over everyone the crime scene in the city by joining all the feudal gangs under him.Tracy, meanwhile, juggles with his relationship with Tess Trueheart Glenne Headly) who, as he calls, will faithfully remain and care for The Kid (Charlie Korsmo ) who eventually finds a father figure looking for our crime hero. Tracy's fidelity to Tess is tested by the tempting progresses of Ma honey (Madonna), which is also the Big Boy's main shot. At the same time, as all this slows down, things get warm when a new fake person gets to the city and decides to play both sides against the middle. Performances are good, as Focus Beatty on the tense and romantic relationships between each of the leadership becomes the center of the material, unlike focusing only on unnecessary action and special effects. Pacino freely embellishes the landscape in a role that is truly remarkable to the rest. "Dick Tracy" is one of the best and most forgotten of the comic strip genre. I think if Chester Gould were still alive, he would be proud of the fact that Warren Beatty took his detective warrior.
