The best comic stripes usually depend on criminals who are older than life, ready to jump off the screen and make you crazy in life with a smile or a demented line or two dialogues. Tim Burton Batmans had it, as he did (in a grotesque way) Sin City. With producer / director / director Dick Tracy, Warren Beatty, he plays the villains until he becomes part of the frame. Like a goddamn tribute to 1930s gangster pictures - just for kids, unlike Bonnie and Clyde - Dick Tracy is filled with joy, with archetypes and primary colors, where the killers wear firearms and form on faces their characters. Evils such as Stooge, Shoulders, Lips, Brow, Mumbles, Blank, Pruneface, Spud. Chester Gould gave the names of his characters that fit their profiles and gave him a hero jaw that could cut glass. The film is a continuation of viewing galleries that are taken perfectly seriously. If, at that time, films such as Batman and (undervalued) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were darker representations of reality in a comic book, Dick Tracy is more of an "old school". It's a story about policemen and criminals or rather a cop, detective Tracy, while trying to beat Big Boy (Al Pacino, in what is probably the best performance so far and in a sense, the one that makes sense for his grandiose style) but without luck. There is also a little kid, simply called Kid (Charlie Korsmo, who, to some extent, brings more to this child than he would have imagined) and Tracy's interest in Tess. And then there is the "lady" nightclub (Madonna, which probably does not perform at all, but maybe it fits well with the role and she plays excellent when called) who will not testify if Tracy does not recognize feelings which I do not have for her. Then there are intricate encounters with Tracy's joining and a mysterious figure, masked, with a stingy voice. Meanwhile, as if you were making an Impersonalization of a Howard Hawks movie in a blur of visual effects and larger explosions, Dick Tracy adds a comedy with lying movements and action as well as her syrup in a high pile of pancakes. It is wonderful to look at this world, which is created in ways that have a fascination with them, as they were done today, it simply would be simply through the computer proxy (that is Sin City, which can be reasonably compared to Beatty's film). We are condemned through this world in large shots and then pushed into the plot line, or whatever, in large room-editing editions that seem to come out of those tilted panels in old comics. I almost remembered the Cotton Club during these sequences, like story, music, detail, and a few big blows and gunfire, go on to reveal what to say, which in fact is no more than must. And there is a lot of dialogue from the script (one of the favorites: "my enemy's enemy is ... my enemy," plus any reference to Pacino's other figures in quotes). /> The review after seeing it for the first time in the cinema (and remembering a bit of bit), Dick Tracy is a hard-boiled fantasy at the highest level. It is full of good joy for children and, with a fairly good act, is shared without any of the more sinister intentions of his cousin (for example, the PG-13 fare), and for adults, panache and a strong crazy feeling . Even Dustin Hoffman hamsters and just says an audible word!
