Opening credits make for a glamorous, atmospheric escapist entertainment experience that is full of small comic pockets. All the good boys are good, all the bad guys are bad, and the movie is studded with familiar character characters covered with scary makeup to improve their features. Warren Beatty, as Dick Tracy, is the last hard, straight, incapable, calm man, usually always a better fighter than the other, and rarely one to push the limit of the law. Al Pacino, as "Big Boy," Caprice steals every scene in which he is like a gangster backed by a suspicion in some 1920s anonymous metropolis of gangsters. Maddonna plays that person who probably will play best, Breathless Mahoney, a night singer and a fatal female, with her own little agenda. Gleanne Headly is the young Tracy, with a long hardness of time, with great and independent hardness. And then it's The Kid, a stupid funny thing Tracy takes on, who shapes his surrogate father and saves Tracy when the detective has accepted the fate of being thrown into the air. Who is who character actors? Charles Durning is the head of the police. Dick Van Dyke is District Prosecutor, who is bribed by those who take Big Boy to keep him on the streets. Dustin Hoffman has a humorous turn, as Mumbles, the robber whose dialect is so indescribable, the policemen can not make head and tail of what he has to say. R.G. Armstrong is Pruneface, one of the rival gangsters, Big Boy, bringing special loyalty to create a network of crimes that spread throughout the city. Mandy Patinkin is 88 keys, the pianist for Breathless's show. Paul Sorvino plays Lips Manlis, Breathless's former benefactor, until Big Boy gives him the "Bath." James Caan carries a relatively small makeup in his performance as the only gangster that will not go along with Big Boy's big plan. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross are the ones who apply Big Boy, Flattop and Itchy. This film keeps all comic corn and is full of vibrant colors. Almost all the costumes are made in blues, green and yellow and red. All the colors of the rainbow are found in this movie - and then some! The matte paintings that are really used make this world as two-dimensional, they only act in three-dimensional sets. Humor is abundant. Al Pacino fills the shoes of his character as no other character he has played before or since. Big Boy is kind of crazy, and kind of self-pity. He is a small, eccentric man who prides himself on quoting our founding fathers and likeness to the great political leaders. Man with the plan, always looking for the smartest way to do business.
