Time for a Rage, I: I thought Spirit was a great movie to watch. However, there were a few things that prevented me from classifying it more than 6 or 7 (I'm a little generous with the 7). Point # 1: Matt Damon worsens me. I thought, "What dicky they got for the main character," when I first heard it - and then I realized it was Matt Damon. The man is so bothering me - his performance in "The Departed" was terrible and ruined the movie for me (before the movie has the chance to destroy, but that's another story for another time). " I managed to get over this because of how little the narrative was actually ... fortunately. Point 2: Brian Adams is shit ... The score was terrible ... The songs were non-original, generic and badly executed; I did not find my music once; and the lyrics were terrible. Every time one of the blade songs appeared, I was stopped. I almost thought I would start hearing a patriotic propaganda slipped into the super-American lyrics of freedom (I could not remember those great patriotic songs that played in the radio constantly after September 11). In light of the native aspects of the American film, it would have to go with proper music using appropriate instruments, not radio, teen-bop, 14-year-old nonsense. I thought I went back to high school. I can not believe it could not have done better - refusal. If it was not for this, I would classify the movie more with Disney, who knows one thing or two about originality (ok, do not mind telling what I know some of you probably think;). Too bad, it's a shame that could not hire better musicians. I liked art and animation, except for things here and there ... as sometimes the angles appear too sharp on the face and the lines too thick or dark on the body (thick / dark lines, mainly near the end). There have often been times when I thought they tried too hard on emotion and facial expressions and failed to attract real emotions. But there were moments when the emotion ran away. However, many scenes were lazy and the layers were obvious. OK, I fall asleep here, so I'll sum it up before I start making it less sense ... <br /> <br /> Beautiful try on an epic film ... however it turned out to be mediocre. Matt Damon, suck!
