Spirit: Cimarron's Stallion is a wonderful movie. The mixing of animation types is unique, the story is amazing and the music is wonderful. Animated drawing is a special thing about many animations. The way they expressed their characters, especially the horses, through their animation, is particularly spectacular. While the way the horses communicate through body language is easy to understand, many young children and people who have not studied horses may not be able to understand. Without words, I would have imagined that it should have been a challenge to express them through traits. For this reason, I understand the eyebrows they added to the horses (while the real horses do not have those thick lines). One of the few things I noticed about the habit of horses that could have been portrayed strangely is that the Spirit is driving his mother's flock. In wild horse flocks, the lead stallion usually follows the young. Also, while some people may think that portraying white army officers as "bad guys" is stereotyped, think of all the movies from which Native Americans have been portrayed as such. Sometimes, then; they treated the mustangs very badly. For example, in real history, the Appaloosa breed was almost erased by army officers. Imagine what would have happened to one of the most beloved equestrian breeds in the world if the native Americans would not have saved them. I think it's amazing how realism has not been lowered by making horses wonder. Spirit's feelings were expressed through a little story, but mostly through music (by Bryan Adams). The songs really express the story, and Hans Zimmer and Bryan Adams did a great job telling the story through songs and lyrics. The emotion I have when watching the movie, whether it's the first time or twenty (yes, I've seen so much), you would not believe. Some of the scenes reject you, while others seem to force tears in your eyes. The opening sequence, which shows the homeland of Spirit, immediately puts you into action. I do not understand at all why some people are so ugly about this brilliant film. Overall, we evaluate a 10/10 - you have to watch.
