I recently watched the Spirit and I liked it a lot, I've seen it four times on HBO and I'm going to buy the DVD. Those who gave negative reviews would probably think that "Vanishing Point" was just another car tracking movie and "Thelma & Louise" was just another chicken shot. Although the conclusions of these films are darker, I feel the themes are somewhat linked; that freedom and individualism are very important and that someone usually wants to take it from you. The other common feature of these films is the type of angels, the caretakers of "guardian angels," who help the main characters overcome adversity. Another review here mentions how this film refers to the theme of civilization that invades someone else's Home. All you have to do is look around the open areas around us to see that. I thought the animation and the story were amazing, the animators took the horses to look, act and move naturally. The emotions of Spirit were very clear as the story progressed (yes, I know they humanize horses a little, but this is fiction). In some scenes of action, you feel trapped in the nursery stream and the heat from a forest fire. In other quieter scenes (which are most often), you are allowed to enjoy the background. One of the great things that really makes the story really work is not to walk the way, singing the animals. Doing this would take from the power of the story. Instead, the narrative story is narrated by the occasional story of the main character, plus the fist is added by the fantastic soundtrack. Another plus is that they were not afraid to tell the story in some dark part (which really made this film visible to me). This is not predominant throughout the movie, but the conclusion is to fit and to ascend without being sappy. Those who appreciate horses will really love this movie, but I think it's a bit more than a movie horse. I do not feel it would be a good movie that would take the kids if they are brought on the novel ticket offered today. But if they are a kind of care that can handle convincing stories, such as Lord of Rings and Black Beauty, they will probably love this movie. Hell, I'm 35 years old and still love this stuff.
