Sometimes, at the end of the nineteenth century, somewhere in the West, more cowboys who need money go on buffalo hunting. The group leader believes that buffaloes are too numerous for the hunter to have any impact, but the most experienced hunter has seen how quickly the population can collapse and is not so sure. Containing buffalo flocks living in South Dakota and showing a current hunting movie (introducing the film explains the need for thinning the flock), the film does an excellent job of presenting the disease situation and the effect on the native Americans to get predictions about This one. The true story, however, refers to the dysfunctional family, which is created by the small group formed to do the hunt. The figure of the father is Charlie, a violent man with a brief safety. Sandy, "his brother," is the experienced hunter who is tired of killing, but needs a job after losing his cattle. A half-Indian Indian boy, who hates the fact that he looks entirely Caucasian, assumes the role of adopted son. Grandfather (and moral compass) is an alcoholic bale; Charlie's "wife" is an Indian woman whose companions killed them after they have stolen their horses. Charlie is certainly the most interesting figure. He is evil and insulting to all around him, but at the same time he knows he is the only family and friends he has. He expects hijacked Indian women to hate him, then accept him, but he does not know how to react when he refuses to do it. He is the one who put the family together, first, but he is the one who is destined to eventually destroy him. This is very similar to the classic "Red River," which also presents a family of the kind being broken by the increasingly violent and alienated father figure. As you can expect, this movie suffers by comparison. The plot does not focus on character development and family dynamics, and the direction fails to keep all the scenes working for this common goal. Charlie is so detailed from the beginning that we have no reason to care what happens to him or his family. However, on the positive side, the message surrounding the buffalo breeding adds an extra dimension to the film, and its conclusion is far superior to the end of Hollywood, which was approached by the end of the Red River. As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an exciting and fun movie, very well done, but can not be considered a classic.
