One of the most definitive gangster films in the 80's, Scarface is a very long time movie. The first thing you notice when watching this movie is that it yells at you, "Made in 1983". The costumes, the music score and the soundtrack, the hairstyles, make no mistake about the fact that this is a movie about crime in the 1980s, and while it should have been horrific that it did not. This is still a superb movie. While Georgio Moroder's music lasted a bit fair, he still compliments Tony Montana's story due to Oliver Stone's superb screenplay and Brian De Palma's first-class direction, one of the two movies he has made with Pacino being the fantastic path of Carlito). All De Palma brands are here; strong language, graphic violence (later, later), exquisite excesses such as grandiose pieces and, of course, the elegant work on the camera. Pacino dominates the movie and I mean literally that. He is the dominant star of this film. His performances in the top, this is one of those movies in which Pacino does not say so much as he screams, this time with a superb Cuban accent. However, this is Pacino and makes it fantastic. Only he could go so far over the top and still get out of the film with his integrity in the act. While some may complain about his cries and the absolute excess of them, this is an excessive film. Take a look at Tony's production design, take a look at the violence in this movie. The chain incident is brutal and it's blood anywhere. The defeat at the end of the year has corpses at a speed closer to Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the Rambo movies. Look at the amount of coke that is displayed in the film so that Pacino's performance is perfect for the movie. It is supported by actors who are closer to telling their lines in a more controlled way. Steven Bauer, in particular, as Manny's best friend, is to stand out. Its performance is so controlled and quiet in a way of Niro as it's a miracle how she got to deal directly with video-software porn. Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, adds glamor, Robert Loggia adds gravitas as usual, and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio makes a big debut as Tony's sister. Of course, this is more than a movie about excess. There are more than drugs, violence, chain attacks and a big shot. This is a movie about the darker part of the American dream. In many respects, it is on a theme with the films "The Godfather". Tony wakes up in America, getting everything, living the American dream and then losing everything violently and saying he's losing everything, I mean he's losing everything. He kills his best friend, his sister is murdered, his empire is literally shuffling around him and on top of him, he is killed in his own mansion, bullets spinning through him. Undoubtedly Scarface is one of the key films of the early '80s. Sure, he does not have the subtleties of The Godfather, but this is still a great movie and one that deserves to go again and again.
