I had the privilege of watching Scarface on the big screen, with a beautifully restored 35mm print to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the release of the film. It was great to see this on the big screen, because so much is lost on TVs, and the broad general of this project can not be underlined enough. <br /> <br /> Scarface is the remake of a classic cloth to the riches to the depth of the hell story, alongside Al Pacino as a Cuban drugmaker Tony Montana. In this version, Tony comes to America during the Cuban boats' immigration wave in the late 1970s, early 1980s. Tony and colleagues quickly get green cards making a political figure in Tent City and after a short stay at a Cuban restaurant; Tony is launched in his horrible way to total destruction. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in this movie have played in such a manner that it is so nice to watch that I have forgotten a bit of this movie in the last twenty years. Robert Loggia, Tony's owner, Frank Lopez is great. His character is erroneous to be too confident and, as Tony quickly affirms, soft. Lopez's works, Omar Suarez, are portrayed by one of our greatest actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus.) Suarez is the best toader and will do anything for Frank; it's like he does not have his own mind. Tony quickly sees this and he constantly fights with Suarez, but he really sees it only as a minor problem of getting to the top. The character who always returns to me as played so perfectly is Mel Bernstein, the morally corrupt detective Miami Narcotics played by Harris Yulin (Training Day). Mel, without guilt, collects large amounts of money from all parts of the drug industry. He plays Tony by Frank until he catches him in a scene that marks the exiting of Frank and Mel. It is useless to hear Frank asking Mel to intervene, because Tony will just kill him to hear Mel's answer, "It's your Frank tree, sit in it." This is from the man Frank was paying for protection! Tony's growth is meteoric and is only suited to speed and intensity of rapid crash and burn. After leaving Frank and taking his wife and business, Tony's greed takes over and never seems to fall apart. As Tony goes deeper into the drug world, greed and incapacity to trust ultimately kills his best friend and sister, who married and married. All this leads to the end of Tony's complex being murdered by an army from his supplier who feels betrayed because Tony will not go through the political assassination that has been ordered. All this results from a compassionate moment when Tony refused to be an accomplice to a murder involving the wife and children of the victim. All this is a great illustration of the excess and cocaine culture of the 1980s. DePalma is doing a good job of keeping everything together in one of the fastest three-hour moves around movies. Violence is extremely graphic and contains some scenes that will be engraved throughout the life of any viewer, especially hard-to-see saw words, two-point naked blows to the head, and the whole body of blood that concludes the movie. This is a highly recommended, stylized film that is not for squeamish, or for those who need optimistic endings and potential sequels; DePalma left everything to fly here.
