"A classic is something that everyone wants to read, but no one wants to read. A classic is also something everyone praises, but no one reads." -Mark Twain <br /> <br /> "Classic" seems to be the word used to describe the movie "Scarface," Brian DePalma's 1983 film about opulence, self-surrender, greed and danger among Florida drug ring . People and critics (and rappers on this issue) consider this movie "a classic epic gangster" or "an episode of gangster movies." When it's different than. He is praised for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a great movie that deserves praise from all but not all the praise it receives from today's audience and hence the fine points it makes so long it's missed by the general public. Firstly, the film refers to a Cuban refugee with a past that wants to escape communism, understands and finds happiness. Simple? Yes. But the layers of the directorial genre in Palma and the great story written by Oliver Stone (yes, I know, he actually wrote a real good here), play in everything. Characters are all looking for an escape because the escape is a natural element in the movie by everyone. Each character has something to offer, which makes them enjoyable by all who can appreciate this movie. They are connected in a world of mysticism and money, but all that has a price, as they all learn. Each character thinks he has better chances in life, when the dramatic irony is getting worse. "Tragedy" would be a better word to describe this movie. All those who praise the film for drug use, violence, dialogue, have totally lost their point. There is nothing really positive about the movie, besides the positive expectations of the characters. And that's why the movie works so well. Devastation through the movie serves to convey the message of the film, not to look great or to attract viewers. Brian De Palma does not make movies for cult gangsters or brave action fans. Next, the film is an adult drama. It's not a "gangster" movie. It has action, but the action is planned very carefully, so it has a point. It's not like "Aliens" - an example of a big movie of bad action, and most audiences perceive this movie as a great gangster movie of extraordinary action about making drugs and shooting people. Ridiculous. Rain water. If this movie is about it, then it's about how bad it is. Not a promotion. <br /> <br /> This has been said, the movie is really a wonderful movie. It has a great cinema that draws you in the story. It has a very dramatic score (in the true style of Giorgio Moroder), which simply can give you chills or tears. The movie is quite long, but it's a story, and every moment counts. The act is terrible. Al Pacino - quite enough. He can do any role he proposes, and this is no exception. Pretty much like Steven Bauer, like Manny. I did not think too much about him in other movies that he did, but he really likes you when he goes under the guidance of Master De Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a real jewel like Elvira. Both "fresh" of some kind of embarrassment in "Grease 2," she received the ticket for a walk, performing a barrier-free performance of beauty that is more than just the eye encounter. But the three true diamonds of this hardness are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio as Tony Gina's sister, who, when she smiles or weeps, we see her soul and her fresh life, and we see it deteriorates; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, a drug master who goes deeper than a river, and Shenar interprets it as such; and Miriam Colom as the mother torn by Tony and Gina. These three screams the film as deep as it can go. <br /> <br /> This reviewer learned a major thing when watching Scarface for the first time. You always get into an unsuspecting film. All hype talking about this movie can not prepare you for what you really see. Just knowing De Palma (like me) can even give you a glimpse into what this movie has. So, ignore the rap stupidity, ignore the supporters of mindless violence, and put a glass of Bailey on the stones and indulge in an emotional vision of a wonderful, true Scarface movie.
