Many people prefer this movie and many love it, but it seems to be just the wrong reasons. Scarface should be nice and loved, but not in the way it was or is. Many people say that acting was overhead, but which better to make a character over-the-top than Al Pacino. To say that Pacino went over the top would be an understatement. However, he does so well, he brings the inner devil so well. His character, Tony Montana, was not such a big guy to start, but his thirst for power just brings greediness to another level; an inhuman level. Of course, sometimes Pacino seems to be a bit chic and surreal, but that does not seem to me at all. The support tower served the craft very well. Michelle Pfeiffer was not really at her, but certainly fit the role she played. On the other hand, Steven Bauer was the best, yet he is Steven Bauer. Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio was good and Michelle Pfeiffer fits well with her role. Robert Loggia I always enjoyed watching, just seeing him shouting. Apart from Pacino, there were not really exceptional or memorable shows. Everyone seemed to fit their role being there. They did not fit perfectly, but they were quite convincing. Brian De Palma did a really good job pointing to this movie. Whenever an actor is able to become bigger than life with his performance, a credit should be given to the director, and I certainly will give De Palma. Brian De Palma, though he does not have respect, is a very versatile director of my count. He knows how to direct films according to their genres, but sometimes it did not work well. In this case, this is, however, a gangster film, but few are much better than De Palma. The writing was great that it was simply Oliver Stone. When I saw the credits at the end of this movie and I saw that Oliver Stone wrote it, I was not surprised. This is still a proof for him. However, I entered him as a great writer and for me, he proves this again with Scarface. Nobody knows how to write a surreal reality for a movie than Oliver Stone. The music was good, but not so great. It's definitely not my favorite of Giorgio Moroder. Music was a little too much for me, but it did not make me angry. The cinema was good, not amazing, but really who cares about a movie like this. It was probably one of the most influential movies in the last 25 years, but as I mentioned earlier, it is for the wrong reasons. People should realize that Tony Montana's character is not a hero, he is a monster. He does not inspire anyway. He is greedy, thirsty for blood, forced and consumed by himself. However, he is a model model for many people because he is in some way a rebel, but perhaps most because he is a deceived gangster. A vigilant would be like Mother Teresa alongside Scarface. The best thing about this movie is that it shows that Tony Montanas is not the real problem. If we or the author would like to close people like him down, we could do this, but we do not. In a weird, twisted way, it is a necessity of our society. He is someone you could blame on all and you fell for yourself better. Tony Montanas "in this world are the scapegoats of our society. This does not excuse men in the same way, but instead is a reminder that we should not excuse or allow us to do bad things only for that we measure or think we will measure better compared to a gangster or drug dealer. I like this movie because it's more than a movie of corruption, it's a movie that in a strange way makes you reflect yourself.
