In 1983, director Brian De Palma set out to make a movie about the rise and fall of an American gangster and that he did it with Oliver Stone's extraordinary screenplay and impeccable work done by a remarkable cast. The result was "Scarface," with Al Pacino in one of the most memorable roles. The story begins in May 1980, when Castro opened the port of Mariel, Cuba, to allow Cuban citizens to join their families in the United States. 125,000 went to Cuba for the more ecological pastures of freedom in America, and most of them were honest, laborers, grateful for the opportunity they had given. But not all. Among the "Marielitos" who sent to Florida, about 25,000 had criminal records and were nothing less than the dungeons of Cuba prisoners - criminals considered beyond the redemption, which Castro just wanted to escape. And they saw America as a land of opportunity, even as Al Capone had considered Chicago fifty years earlier. And among the most ambitious was a man named Tony Montana (Pacino), known by his associates as "Caracortada." Scarface. Now that he was free from the yoke of communism in which he grew up, Montana wanted what he felt coming to him, and he wanted it now; and from the moment he left the Florida boat, he was determined to have everything. Wealth and power - this was Montana's dream, and he did it by doing what he did best, starting with a favor for a man living in Miami, the name of Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia). Lopez, apparently, had a brother in Cuba, who met a prolonged end in the hands of one of Castro's canons, a man who, after overcoming Castro's usefulness, was briefly removed and is now in Little Havana, "alongside Montana and all the Cubans near boats, where they expected their government work to make their way into their new life. And, in short, Montana makes sure that Lopez's brother was avenged and sets the foundation for his own entry into the underworld of America. Lopez, a wealthy businessman with the right connections, returns to his favor and becomes Montana and his friend, Manny (Steven Bauer), released from the detention camp, and puts them In his days, Capone could have made his bootlegging a way to straighten his armor with illicit gains, but Lopez has the equivalent of modern day and is even more profitable: Lopez takes Montana under his wing and doubts him alive, but once he has his taste, Montana is not content with any cruelty that Lopez sees fit to throw his way and he has set a course to take him where he wants to be: at the "top". With a cold-blooded iron, Montana decides he will do whatever it takes to get there, no matter what the cost. but before he finishes, he will realize the price of his dream and pay it; but for a brief moment, perhaps he will know how to be Man. And he will also know whether it is worth it or not. In step with De Palma's vision, Pacino plays Montana bigger than life, and it does it nicely. From the emphasis he affects (he thoroughly researched to make sure he was right - and did it), body language and attitude, he did everything and made Montana convincing and very real. What brings the role is hue and style, in a way that few actors (De Niro might be one) can. This is certainly not a character that is in no way sympathetic, nor is there anything about Montana that you can easily relate to on your own; but the presence of Pacino's screen is so strong that it makes him a truly delightful character, even if it's hard to get emotionally involved with him. It's simply a dynamic, memorable performance. Michelle Pfeiffer also offers solid performance in the role that puts her way to a story. As Elvira, the woman who becomes an integral part of Montana's dream, Pfeiffer is subtle and undervalued, offering that feeling of something that happens underneath, while at the same time affecting a rather cold and distant outer face. She, like Pacino, certainly makes her presence felt as she glides on the screen with stoic, enigmatic and suffocating behavior. Supporting casts include Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio (Gina), Miriam Colon (Mama Montana), Murray Abraham (Omar), Paul Shenar (Sosa) and Harris Yulin (Bernstein). An excellent forerunner of the more recent and most acclaimed "Traffic" and "Blow", and having a climatic scene that reminds Peckinpah's "Peacocks", Scarface in De Palma, originally created by critics, by many like being a definitive saga for American gangsters. Much of the violence is involved rather than graphics, but this film still has a realistic edge for many to find somewhat disturbing. But if you stay with him, there is a lesson to be learned in the end. And as many lessons in life, the most valuable are often the hardest to get on time. But reward is always worth it, and so is with this movie. I have evaluated this 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
