I know when we look at Brian DePalma's film today, I'm sure there was a criticism of how it is given. Also about violence. When I watched this movie on VHS when I was 20, I thought it was the violent and peculiar end. But I did not get this. A few decades passed the man as I know how much I have not gotten into this movie! This is a remake of an excellent movie made in the 30/40s. How can you improve a classic? I do not know. But tell a story that is up to date through the eyes of "new immigrants" in the most praised decade, over 80 years. DePalma, Stone and the Band feature an ambitious, disturbing and darn good film. Yes .... Disco died and New Wave / Punk took over but those Cuban immigrants who had to make a new home in Florida could not tell the difference. It was exciting, it was what they wanted, but how to get it ???? For these immigrants, there was only one way to get to Florida where they were ... by having a lot of money and getting the money, you had to take over a drug empire. <br /> <br /> Al Pacino was fantastic to me as Tony Montana, "the small train that could". What an amazing way to have your character full of views in America: to fight, to kill, to steal. lie, cheated everything to get - "money, women and power". That's how Tony saw the American dream. He wanted to live it, and in his circle he saw nothing wrong with the way he went to receive it. Tony Montana's English-language leadership was very saturated with the word "f", but what would you expect, Emily Post's school for him and his cohorts? Look at how they got to America, what they knew, what they were exposed to. This is how Tony and his crew chose to "be all that can be in America." It was about power. Tony Montana did and NEVER touched him ... in all her violent, lying, angry, frightened, angry glory. The part of the movie that personified my 1980s is money laundering. Tony's crew brings the money for drugs. Were those around Tony and his crew? At clubs where he spent and drinking? Not. Money was money and money, you have the power. Tony lived off the pig. He and the pretty blonde American trophy to whom he married played well with Michelle Pfieffer. After Tony Montana's appearance in power, he finds it very strange there. He's stuck in doubt, he's addicted to drugs, he's paranoid, he's surrounded by those who want to take him into a bloody takeover, his drug-dependent American wife, whom he discovers to be boring, must hold onto his empire because ... it goes down. And down he goes violently violent, but again I wonder, what do you expect? This is the 1980 film that tells you a stray story about how some misunderstand the American dream ... obsession. It's violent, bloody, too much ... but it leads home disturbingly at home. Not all Cubans cast from Cuba who landed in Florida in the 1980s were like Tony Montana. Save me. But showing how miserable the 1980s were, with the emphasis on greed and money, being the only measures in the US to be "someone" and to have the power to use their instrument for these bad characters and their lives in America . /> Makes you ask - has had something since then - has been taught today?
