Every big gangster movie has sub-streams of human drama. Do not expect an exciting story of guilt, revenge and despair at Scarface. This is a story of ferocious greed, corruption and power. The darker part of the legendary "American Dream". Anyone complaining about the "cheesinia" of this movie is pointless. Superficial characters, raw music and dated fashion continue to criticize this life of diabolical excess. Nothing in the life of these characters matters, not even at any human level. In fact, the film basically limits satire, ironically, considering all gangsta rappers who have been inspired positively by Tony Montana's lifestyle. This is not Brian DePalma's most powerful effort, sometimes he is excellent and well-handled (especially the memorable ending), but he sinks frequently to injustice and misleading. Fortunately, it is backed up by a very strong screenplay by Oliver Stone (perhaps a good therapy for him, given the coking habits he was approaching at the time). The themes are consistent, focusing primarily on Tony Montana's life and the evolution of his character because he is consumed by greed and power. Dialogue is also excellent, see-cut comfortably between humor and drama. There are many stand-out lines that have since fallen into popular culture in one form or another. The helped voices do everything, but this is Pacino's movie. One of his less subtle performances (something much more common from nowadays), this is a world completely separate from Michael Corleone and Frank Serpico. However, he is just as pursued here as ever, in a very fun form (and intentionally over the top). It's hard to imagine another Tony Montana after seeing this movie, probably in one of the most imitated performances. Pfeiffer got so boring and uncomfortable at the first viewing, but I got to figure out how the bored wife's role plays. It is not an extraordinary effort, but unjust judgment. Also the supporting players are very good, especially Paul Shenar as the suave Alejandro Sosa. Strong, sometimes humorous, sometimes shocking and controversial. "Scarface" is one of the movies of the eighties (whatever that would mean to you). An essential and accessible gangster hit and a pop-culture landmark. 9/10
