"Scarface" has a major worship even now, 22 years after his release. It has also been widely criticized as being very sticky, unrefined, above and all bloated! These are the ones who compare Scarface to Godfather's films. True, as far as techniques (cinema, script, direction, etc.) are concerned, Scarface is behind the "Naus". But it is also true that what Scarface has and another gangster lack of movies is pampering, the brutal approach of gangsters. Latino gangsters in this film look much more threatening and more real than any of the Italian or Irish gangsters polished from other classical gangsters such as The Godfather or Goodfellas. This is one of Scarface's important winning points, and I firmly believe that this has been removed from most critics as "tactical"! I saw the original Scarface version of 1932 and I must say that both of these films are far too different from each other and should be seen as two different films instead of praising the original over the remake! <br /> <br /> Al Pacino was criticized for being over and loud in this movie. But how to think about it is exactly how the filmmakers wanted Tony Montana's character to be! He is this angry young man who makes quick decisions and throws out tantra every minute! It's not Michael Corleone's calm here. He is Tony Montana, a very sticky, unmarried guy who does not think too much and always gets angry! There is certainly a feeling of 80 years for this film. The soundtrack is in the 80s! I like some songs, including 'Gina and Elvira', 'Push it to the limit' and instrumental track. There are some memorable and beautifully shot sequences, the Rebenga hit, the first encounter with Sosa, and Tony's visit to his mother. About performances: Al Pacino is brilliant as the furious Cuban refugee. He reported that he liked to play Tony Montana the most throughout his career. And he even seems to have enjoyed himself in all the scenes! He wonders how Scarface would be without Pacino. I just did not imagine anyone else interpreting Tony Montana and probably the movie would not be as efficient without him! Steven Bauer shines like Tony Manny's friend. <br /> <br /> Robert Loggia is great as Tony's head, Lopez. So it is F. Murray Abraham (like Omar) in a small role. Then there are some Elvira-shaped candy eyes played by Michelle Pfeiffer. She looks beautiful and is fit in her role. The director makes a little overboard during a certain part of the climax. Without revealing anything, I would only say that this was the only small part suffering from improper handling. "Scarface" is certainly one of the most fun and one of the best gangster movies ever to come out. Enjoy what it is: a crude portrait of the Drug Lords and their ganglia!
