Those who gave this production such a low rating probably never saw the famous production George Balanchine living on stage, or cast their contempt for Casting from Macaulay Culkin influencing their judgment. Atlanta Ballet was lucky enough, from the 1960s to the 1980s, to be the first ballet company authorized to interpret this production outside of New York City Ballet and I saw her several times on stage. I can assure readers that the film is quite accurate interpretation of such production and use of a child with limited dance skills in the lead role is a cheap stunt dreamed to present Culkin; it was Balanchine's idea of ​​using a child in this role, as was his idea of ​​using a child for the role of Marie. Hard dance is left by adults in the story. This is deliberately a movie with a scene; In a way, it looks like "Othello" to Laurence Olivier. Exactly as in this movie, stage production kits have been extended to the size of a soundstage film, but it has not made any less artificial, and ballet is bypasses photographed with discreet closeups and without distracting attention "music video" quick cuts presented in version last year, Maurice Sendak-Carroll Ballard, overstated. There are only two false steps in this movie since 1993. One of these is the addition of distracting sound effects and are totally useless (cries of mice, babies whispering "Magic!" To Drosselmeyer, etc.). These sound effects are never heard in any production phase of any "Nutcracker", and they have been put as a cheap concession simply to calm sophisticated audiences who may not enjoy the idea of ​​watching a ballet on film. /> The other false step is Macaulay Culkin's makeup, which seems ridiculous. When he's on the screen as a Nutcracker, rather than wearing a huge mask (as always when Balanchine's production is done on stage), Culkin is actually shaped like a toy - he wears what looks like a bald cap , as well as a white wig, a moss and a beard. He also has his face rouged up somewhat, and the most serious aspect of his make-up is that his face is still recognizable, amateurishly transformed in a way similar to Ray Bolger Jack Haley and Bert Lahr makeup in "The Wizard of Oz "(the results of the movie makeup, however, worked spectacularly, as it does not). And a comparison with spastic Baryshnikov in his * production shows how wonderfully creative was Baryshnikov's spastic mask - the "jaws" actually seemed to move whenever Baryshnikov tilted his head on his back <br /> < > Dances in Macaulay Culkin. the version is excellent, of course, with the exception of Culkin himself, whose dance, as I said, is not meant to be spectacular. (Sugar Plum Fairy and Cavalier they are prominent dance roles in the production of Balanchine's "Nutcracker".) The colors of the film, however, could be a bit brighter because this is a fantasy. The choreography is also brilliant, and the adaptation is so faithful that it includes the sequence that offers extra music from Tchaikovsky's ballet "The Beautiful of the Sleeping Forest" - as Marie sneaks downstairs, falls asleep on the couch, and dreams that Drosselmeyer is "repairing" The broken nut breaker (this sequence was, of course, never included in Tchaikovsky's original ballet - it is the only sequence in this production that contains music from a work other than "The Nutcracker"). <br /> <br / > Those who lost this movie, or those who despise (or reject) should give it a chance, despite its two great disadvantages. It is much better than it seems when someone hears that Culkin is in it .
