Launched as Zentropa in North America to avoid confusion with the film Europe Europe, this third feature of Agniezska Holland, a movie that never ceases to surprise, inspire or shock, is a bizarre, nostalgic and elaborate film about a naive American in Germany after the end of the Second World War. The American, called Leo, does not fully get what he does there. He came to participate in the establishment of the country, because in his mind it is time for Germany to have a charity. No matter how he sounds, he is not a Nazi sympathizer or more than pro-German, but just mixed. His uncle, who works on the railroad, takes Leo as a rider in a sleeping machine and he is more and more entangled in a whirlwind of Germany's horrors and enigmas of 1945. This evolution begins when Leo, played quite memorable by the calm, but restless actor, Jean-Marc Barr, meets a soul heiress in the train played by Barbara Sukowa, an actress with superficial genius but with internal force. He seduces him and then takes him home to meet his family, who owns the company that makes the trains. These were the precise trains that led the Jews to their deaths during the war, but now they run a daily schedule, and the woman's uncle Kessler positions himself as another good German who was doing his job. There is also Udo Kier, the extraordinary actor who broke out in Von Trier's second striking Epidemic movie, though here is just a landscape. Another guest of the house is Eddie Constantine, a quietly acting actor, playing a smart American man. He can confirm that Uncle Kessler was a war criminal, though he is totally confused about Leo. Americans have been characterized for decades as evil fools in their element, but few have been less worried than Leo, who returns to the job on what gradually seems like his own personalized death train. <br /> <br /> The story is revealed in a manner unintentionally uncoordinated by the Danish film director, Lars von Trier, whose anchor is in the amazing film editing and cinema. He shoots black and white color, uses double exposure, optical effects and trick photography, actors interact with back-to-back video images, puts their characters in a visceral world rich in shadow, so sometimes they feel like insects caught between glass for our more accurate investigation. This surrealist winning Grand Jury award is allegorical, but perhaps in a distinct tone for each spectator. I interpret it as a film about the last legs of Nazism, symbolized by the train, and the ethical responsibility of Americans and other people who appeared too late to save the martyrs of these trains and the camps where they distributed their convicted ships. During the time of the film and the Nazi state and of such importance in the train, they are dead, but, like the decapitated chickens, they persist in jolting through their reflexes. Characters, music, dialogue, and plot are deliberately hammy and almost satirical purchased from the noir film conventions. The most interesting points in the film are cinematic. Two trains stop before and after, Barr on one and Sukowa on the other. An underwater blow to proliferative blood. An unusually expressive sequence of what you have to be drowning. And, most of all, metaphysically all affect an anesthetic train, as Max von Sydow's voice makes us go back to Europe with him and give up our personal restraint.
