For some reason, this movie never appeared in the original language on my throat (despite having TV channel TC UK Channel, which transmits dozens of MGM titles last week). More disappointing, still is M.I.A. on DVD? even from Warners, the recently announced "Western Classics Collection" Box Set (which includes 3 other genre efforts by Robert Taylor); maybe it saves it for a possible "Signature Collection" dedicated to this MGM worthy, which can come next year 40 years after its passing? <br /> <br /> I say this because the movie allows him to play a bad role as a selfish Western with a fanatical hatred of the Indians and who opts to exploit his expert mark by making some buffaloes with easy hunting money; an opening statement provides alarming statistics that the population of this species has been reduced from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in just 30 years! As an associate, Taylor chooses former trade professional Stewart Granger? who joins Lloyd Nolan, an alcoholic, with his legs standing (who continues to tease Taylor's irrational and vengeful) and teenage semi-lame Russ Tamblyn for that purpose. As expected, is the company's relationship unhappy? which recalls that in the center of Anthony Mann, "THE NAKED SPUR" (1953), another Western MGM in the open air. The film, in fact, absorbs Mann's ability and hard work in this area (despite being Brooks's first writer / director, only a handful of such excursions, but which, in a cumulative way, has a remarkable diversity); and here, the narrative throws a female presence (Debra Paget, also a half race) that should be sustained between the two injured drivers? and Granger, like James Stewart of The Naked Spur, returns to his job only with patience (his remorse of killing buffaloes for the simple sport and the profit is actually made). The second suffers also Taylor takes Paget for himself? she courageous, but coldly endures her approaches, while secretly cheating on Granger? and lets lose frustration with locals at a bar while drinking! Taylor, himself, does not go out of comprehension: as the protagonist of TREASURE OF SIRERA MADRE (1948), he becomes diffident and jealous of his associates, especially with regard to a rare? and therefore precious? Hide a white buffalo that they caught; he even goes a crazy buffalo at some point (as Nolan predicted), becoming cheated in taking the thunderbolt for the hooves of a mass approaching species! Are the scenes of hunting themselves impressive? buffaloes that spilled, rolled to the ground when they were hit, the endless range of day's capture, and the carcasses that infested the lawns later on. So the atypical but memorable distinction is just famous: with Winter in full swing, a paranoid Taylor now for Granger's blood is waiting outside a cave (in which he and Paget have sheltered) to shoot him; when Granger shows up the next morning, finds Taylor in a frightened position? frozen to death! <br /> <br /> Actually, my father has a copy of the surprising novel of this (de Milton Lott) since the release of the movie: in fact, he has collected a large number of such editions? is, after all, a practice still in vogue? where a book is re-released to promote cinematic adaptation. Also for recording, Taylor and Granger? who work very well each other here? had already been associated (as whale hunters!) in the maritime affair ALL THE BROWNS AU VALENTI (1953), which, quite curiously, is just as difficult to see (in fact, even more, considering that it was not even displayed on Italian Television for what seems to be ages) !!
