William Castle is notorious among horror fans as a B class director from the 1950s and 1960s. His troops, cost-cutting techniques and unique vision are legendary. It is no surprise that someone (Jeffrey Schwarz, who has made countless documentary films) will finally have time to dedicate a documentary to his greatness. So is "Spine Tingler: William's Story". We had a general understanding of who the Castle was after seeing some of his films over the years. I did not know anything about her personal life, goals, and ambitions. This movie really brought the man and gave me an appreciation more full of the devotion she had to the shooting profession and her contributions to the horror genre. The film describes Castle as a rival of Alfred Hitchcock, Hitch being the winning artist, while Castle is a carnival bartender who gains notoriety of worship but with much less respect. He is an icon for all the secondary directors there, so it is not surprising that John Waters is prominently presented here. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have considerable roles.) His troops have been what he favored, and the documentary makes great efforts to explain them, which is crucial for those too young to remember. 3-D "13 Ghosts" (see separate review), "The Tingler" seat buzzer (see separate review), money back guarantee for "Homicidal" ... viewing these movies outside the theater, we can judge them for their content (which, personally, I still enjoy), but we can not fully appreciate what the public once felt. The highest peak of the film is when the Castle goes from the director of the Hollywood Hollywood creator. After buying the rights to "Baby Rosemary", he is put in a very special place to negotiate his film. Hoping to direct, he is marginalized from the producer to make room for new director Roman Polanski. At first disappointment, it turns out to be one of the best opportunities in his life - a great film and a job he excels. Who better to control the bag of wild Polanski artist than a penny-pinched castle? This was a crowning achievement, although, unfortunately, the film is more often connected to Polanski than the Castle. The rest of his years are played and personal reflections are given to his daughter and granddaughter. Along the board, everyone seems to have only a praise for man. Somewhere along the way, he certainly bothered one or two people, but you never knew him from this movie. And I find that discovery - this is a celebration of Bill Castle's life, not "E! True Story Hollywood." Gender fans would do well to take a copy of this paper. I will personally recommend collecting the William Castle Collection, which not only has eight Castle's special features. Even this documentary comes with an audio commentary, so you can hear how Schwarz was personally affected by the Castle, and that Terry's daughter, Castle's daughter, offers a real-time reflection of her experiences with various movies and remakes -hate. It's almost a whole new movie.
