Richard Brooks "The Last Hunt was a movie star Stewart Granger could not even stand to hear? He even broke a vintage poster for the movie when he presented it for signing in later years? but then the director ran away with his wife, so it's understandable, for everyone else, this is one of the best Western adults in the 1950s and years before his time in his attitude to the environment. almost as a continuation of one of Anthony Mann's Entrepreneurs who see their heroes dragged to their ransom by striking and screaming at them every step in the way. Here the legendary Granger buffalo hunter has already seen the light but after a candy the buffalo cost the beef herd in a match of poetic justice, he was dragged back into the dark by Robert Taylor and, proudly, the racist, "We've already got the conscience vi novice, and I could have the money too. "He is upbeat by the Indians, he is fully aware of the damage he causes to the disappearing buffalo heads to extinguish, and he gradually becomes almost as consumed with self-indignation Taylor is hateful. When the two men crash over Debra Paget's pussy? the unique survivor of a Taylor Indians killer? and a white buffalo spot that is priceless for hunters and Indians for very different reasons, a demonstration becomes inevitable, though the outcome is certainly not. Taylor's is certainly casting ironically? Granger has turned down many of the epic roles MGM has developed in films such as Quo Vadis and Ivanhoe, which gave Taylor his return in the 50s after years of steady decline. The color of his hair can not convince him, but his performances, a deep and violent man, so hated that he does not wear a gun, the pistol bears him. Granger's focus is not always convincing, but he makes a silent Jimmy Stewart mold hero, trying to take his decency into consideration and reconcile his actions with his beliefs before he finally has a chance to fine himself. Russ Tamblyn's skinbreaker and Lloyd Nolan's old tattoos give all sorts of goods they get, but the real star is the script: Well-built, with an excellent eye and a character ear? not to mention a shot Stanley Kubrick borrowed for The Shining? balances historic revisionism with a fun drama without ever selling short. The new French DVD is free but has a 2.35: 1 transfer with an English soundtrack.
