I'm a huge fan of Woody Allen, so when I saw that this was playing at the cinema I could not help. I wanted to see how Allen was going to follow his magnificent movie, Match Point, seeing that this is another one in his films shot in G.B. (which is unique among Allen's works) along with what seems to be his new musical Scarlett Johanson. Scoop is much easier than MP, and humor is Scoop's most enjoyable look. The plot revolves around the character of Johanson (a journalist student) who receives advice on a hot story beyond the grave. She falls in love with a serial killer (Jackman) and has to decide if the truth is worth finding. Oh, and all this is done with the help of a wandering magician transformed into the detective played by Allen. I have to say that I enjoyed Johanson's performance, but I am a little bit biased, I could watch three hours of film with Johanson in any frame and remain excited. She plays a cute, cute, loving lover, which is a kind of variation in a sense of Allen's stereotypical character. It adds a proper body language for the comic effect. Needless to say that almost everyone who sees this will find Johanson's cute little character and that is a plus. Allen is Allen ... He still plays the same character as Chaplin and Little Tramp's character. Something that appears in this movie makes me wonder if I will see again, however, the little neurotic hypochondriac. He is not in the distribution of his next film and spent more time exclusively behind the camera at the end ... Jackman is also pleased as the suspect suspect, millionaire of murder. I can not say that Jackman does something special to do his part, but he does not match his character anymore. As far as the plot is concerned, I can not feel it's fresh ... In fact it quit the Jade Scorpion Curse. Johanson and Allen are more detective than anything. However, I have to applaud Allen at the end because it's a bit smarter than the typical version of the unusual Hollywood movie. Instead of being black and white, things are painted in grayscale. Being entirely innocent has nothing to do with it, and no unambiguous guilt. Although the plot seemed old, Woody still has a talent for a line. I found her allusions to his latest interesting film ... Come for humor, laugh and be cheerful. You do not need to say if you enjoy Allen's work. If you do not follow anything else ...
