First of all, let me tell you the LUA audience from the first moment. Perhaps the current events in the Middle East have led people to take the attitude, "I came for a comedy, and George will be glad." but for whatever reason, everyone seemed really in his comedy. Lately, Woody has tried to make a comedy straight (Little Time Crooks, The Curse of Jade Scorpion, Hollywood Ending). I felt the unilateral line felt tense and a little obsolete. I remember thinking at one point: "That would have been fun at the beginning of the sixties." So, we're going into this movie, I was afraid Woody was becoming deaf, yet, in that sense, his comic sensations were in perfect harmony. Of course, there were a lot of my AARP colleagues caring people in screening, but there were also plenty of 20-somethings and 30-somethings, too, and all seemed to him and give up laughing occasional belly in addition to numerous stutter, slashes, and the like. In many cases, the throws had people who laughed so loud that you lost the next line. <br /> <br /> Tematic, Woody drew a familiar ground. As I suspected from the trailer, this film had a lot of Manhattan Murter Murder in it, but then again it was more than a smidgen of Oedipus Wrecks (New York Stories), Alice, and even a small tribute at Broadway Danny Rose at the very beginning. Even with Woody in the movie, Scarlett, like Sondra, was sometimes Proxy Woody, but her character was far from Nebis which, for example, Will Ferrell gave us in Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh tried in Celebrity. Instead of archetypal ticks and strangeness, Sondra's ruin comes straight from the family history he shares early. On many occasions, the "family business" leads her to the malapropisms that we receive as audiences, while screen characters can only perceive them as strangely strange. Since we're all joking, we can not laugh. But laughter does not come from recognition of crazy Woody, but really of character. To a large extent, unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow before her, Scarlett does not have to use Woody's voice to evoke Woody's role. So, we can not find ourselves kidnapped from the narrative, because Woody's voice suddenly came out from someone else's face. Just as my friend commented about going out of the scene, Sid, the character played by Woody is a supportive role, but more in the central phase than I hoped to enter. However, this time, Woody seems to have written a character that really suits his current staff. Unlike his character Saved by Ed Dobel of "Anything Else" or his Hollywood Ending Hollywood Ending Director, this time the character is a comfortable match. Perhaps more importantly, this time the character works in the story. In the elevated circles in which he is, he is even more fish in the water than Scarlett, which is used for a great comedy effect throughout. Sid is a declining magician, traveling for the small audience, but the fact that he is from another era is placed in front and center for our joy. But what about Jackman? What about Ian (Swearengen) McShane? I liked both of them as they were used in pieces. I really liked McShane's short but effective transformations. Jackman is charming with the ease "Old Money" that was so often featured in movies 50 years ago. (Class echoes from Rose de Cairo?) So what did I think? Short answer, perhaps the best comedy ever since 1994, from Bullets Over Broadway. Less stylized than Afrodita Mighty. Less caustic than Harry's deconstruction. Less forced than Little Time Crooks or Hollywood Ending. Woody finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.
