Coming immediately on matches from Match Point (2005), a fine, if a piece of "serious Woody," a fine, gives a new hope to the small but tough band of Allen's followers (which I call myself) found the shape again. A series of disappointing efforts, culminating with the melancholy Melinda and Melinda (2004) and some embarrassing Else (2003) raised serious doubts that another first comedy Woody comedy, with or without her own acting as actor, was in the books. Fortunately, the books turn out to be a Tarot deck that serves as Smart Scoop's Maguffin and prefers an optimistic reading for the future Woody Allen comedy. Even more encouraging, Woody's self-casting. - unfortunately, one of the weakest elements of his films in recent years - is a bit inspired by self-parody, as well as a humble recognition that he can no longer play romantic leadership with women young enough for being his daughters or granddaughters. In Scoop, Allen assigns Sid Waterman, an elderly magician, with cheap and tired tricks, who, like Woody himself, brought his act to London, where the audience - if not receptive - politely. Like Chaplin's Calvero in Limelight (1952), Sid Waterman gives Allen the opportunity to make a slightly distorted mask of an artist whose art has fallen and whose audience is no longer great or appreciated. Moreover, because they seem to be in character, Allen's ticks and prolonged haircuts are less disturbing here than they have been for some time. <br /> <br /> Waterman's character also works perfectly in the plot. His fake magic box turns into a plausible irony for Joe Strombel's (Ian McShane) visits, a notorious journalist muckraker and a recent victim of heart arrest. Introduced on a railroad ferry from River Styx, Strombel jumps repeatedly because he can not rest in eternity without communicating a last "scoop" about the notorious identity of the "Tarot killer." Unfortunately, his initial return from the dead leads him to the Waterman magic show and his only lead lead line proves to be a student journalist, Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), who was called by the audience as a comic strip the magic trick of the magician. Sondra faces journalism enthusiastically and pulls reluctant Waterman into the investigation to play the role of his millionaire father. As demonstrated in "Lost in Translation", Johansson has a comedy talent, and the play between him and Allen is very funny - and all the more so as he never threatens to become a prelude to romanticism. The serial killer plot Scoop, involving macabre criminals of prostitutes and an aristocratic chief suspect, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), is the predictable result of Allen's long sabbatical long-term exposure to London ubiquitous Jack The festering landmarks and lore. However, other aspects of Scoop (like Match Point) are also due to Woody's upcoming encounter with English culture. His class structure, manners, style, clothing, architecture and, yes, the extraordinary driving habits give Woody fresh fresh material for noisy observation of human behavior as well as sharp social satire. When, for example, Sondra tries to take care of Peter Lyman in a private ritual club, Waterman notices that "we are expensive from his point of view." A lot of humor is also generated by the controversy of the rigid British social manners facing Jewish Jewish plebeianism in Borscht. And then, of course, there is Waterman's hilarious exit into a smart car he can not remember to drive on the left side of the road. As usual, Allen's humor in Scoop includes heavy jokes, taking the form of false allegations to film and literature sources, as well as more and more references to his own filmography. In addition to the usual versions of Jack the Ripper, for example, the soundtrack of the film is dominated by an arrangement of Grieg's "Hall of the Mountain King", compulsively whistled by Hans Beckert in M, the first masterpiece of the killer genre in series. The post-funeral meeting of journalists discussing the exploits of the new deceased Joe Strombel clearly mimics the opening of Broadway Danny Rose (1984). References to Harry's Deconstruction (1997) include using Death as a character (along with his own voice and costume), using Mandelbaum as a character name, and mentioning Adair University (Harry "Alma Mater," and if Sondra is now a student). Moreover, the systematic use of Greek mythology in the Underworld River cruise to Hades recalls the use of Greek gods and a chorus in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> As the auctioned gangs, Allen's scripts rely less on one-Lines than they did earlier in his career, but Scoop does not offer at least some of the memorable ones. In a question about his religion, Waterman responds: "I was born in Hebrew belief, but later I converted to narcissism." And Sondra stops from this discouragement of Waterman's criminality: "If we put our heads together, you will hear an empty noise." On the whole, Scoop is by far the most satisfying comedy of Woody Allen in a decade.
