Something happens to Sondra Pransky when he enters the magician box on the stage of a London theater. Little Sondra does not know the spirit of the newly-left journalist, Joe Strombel, materializes to ask him to investigate the man someone said, on his journey in another dimension, the tarot killer infamous who was in a murderous thing from London. The only problem is that the accused person is, for all appearances, a respectable man in the upper class. When Sondra tells the experience of Grand Splendini, who is aka Sid Waterman, the magician is amazed, but decides to move on. The two would be PIs to make an invitation to a club where Peter Lyman goes swimming. Sondra, who falsifies drowning, draws the attention of this piece, who wants to see more of it. There is no need to say that the two will enter into all sorts of funny situations until the mystery is revealed at the end of the movie. The little real Tarot killer thinks he can trick a determined Sondra, which is more resourceful than credit. The result is a perfect summer movie with lots of laughter, which is just what you need to get out of heat in a perfect time in a cool theater. Woody Allen has done better, and yet this sunny comedy will justify it for past failures. In "Scoop," Mr. Allen took her from the romantic leadership that put her beautiful lady. His commercial gesture is something that this humorous man will never escape because he seems to be his mark. The film has some funny lining that will overlook the viewers who may not be careful. Scarlett Johansson, the beautiful star of "Scoop," seems to be a perfect foil for Woody Allen. She plays the right side, while Mr. Allen makes his baton a perfect combination. Both are excellent in their banter throughout the film. Ms. Johansson is a wonderful beauty in the red bathing suit, though they dressed so sweet in most of the costumes she wears on the screen. Hugh Jackman is seen as Peter Lyman a sophisticated city man with the right pedigree. He makes a good appearance in the film as the man watching Mrs. Johansson. Ian McShane plays the role of journalist Fleet Street on the road to eternity. "Scoop" is an easy, wet film for Woody Allen.
