Greetings again in the dark. Remember all "What happened to Woody Allen?" jokes? Even Mr. Allen enjoyed fans who wanted to continue making the same "funny" movies. As with any great artist, Mr. Allen's job has evolved over the years and has lost some fans while taking others. The last year's "Matchpoint" masterpiece has shown that it is still as pertinent and as harsh as in the "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan" days. What is most impressive for us 40 fans this year is that Mr. New York himself seems to have a bit of passion on the mother country. Looks like he really likes England! While filming "Matchpoint," Mr. Allen became crushed by Scarlett Johansson and her real spirit of life and sense of humor. This attraction caused him to write his best comedy in recent years. Scarlett, while risking overlapping the exposure, must be given credit not to just pick movies that have cast it in a glamorous light. He is not afraid to look and behave like a true person. In "Scoop," she lights up some real comedy bands on the screen, and in many scenarios she offers the real punchline to Mr. Allen's direct man. Of course, every time Mr. Allen decides to sit in front of the room, he will get more than a part of a line and social commentary - which is good, because few do it better. <br /> <> Very nice support from Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jackman offers some insights into the reason why many of us thought it the best choice to replace Brosnan as the new Bond. As in most of Allen's films, the star is the script, not the actors. Although Scarlett offers excellent here and is a beautiful contrast with Allen and polished Jackman, which makes this a crackle is the dialogue ... especially the banter between Allen and Scarlett. If you are not a huge fan of Woody, do not be afraid. He limits his time on the screen and is quite efficient, except for two or three short scenes that seem close to place. Another Woodman tradition is a sparkling musical background and "Scoop" is not an exception ... especially Strauss's composition. "Scoop" is a beautiful cross between "Annie Hall" and the best of Marx's brothers or Cary Grant's comedies. Yeah, it's an adult comedy, but it's really pretty ... especially for a serial killer and a ghost comedy!
