"Scoop" is also the name of Evelyn Waugh's thirty-year-old novel, and Woody Allen's new film, though presented today, has a nostalgic charm and simplicity. He does not have the depth of characterization, intense performance, suspense, or shock of Allen's penultimate "Match Point" penultimate effort (argued by many, including this reviewer to be a strong comeback), but "Scoop" resembles a lot Allen's last trip, focusing on English aristocrats, London flats, murder, and detection. This time, Woody leaves behind the mysterious murder genre and returns to comedy, and returns himself on the screen as a kind vaduvillian, a magician called Sid Waterman, the stage monster The Great Splendini, who contracted some snobs with "to be of Hebrew persuasion, but as I grow older, I turn to narcissism. " After a revelation in the middle of Splendini's standard dematerialization act, with Scarlett Johansson (as Sondra Pransky), the public's volunteer, the inappropriate pair is drawn into a post-mortem attempt by the British journalist to win a top-notch news. On the left of the Styx, Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) has just met the shadow of Lyman's son's secretary, who says he was poisoned and told him that aristocratic farmer Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), a serial killer London. Sondra and Sid are immediately a couple of amateur victims. With Sid's impression and Sondra's booming beauty, they cut a short stack to the crest of the London aristocracy. Woody does not touch the young hero's bite - as in Match Point, Johansson again - as in the past. This time, Scarlett is not an ambitious sexpot and a film creature. He was surprisingly transformed into a strange, playful, but pretty game. Sid and Sondra did not flirt, which is a great relief. They simply collaborate, more or less politely, to fulfill Strombel's wishes by linking with Lyman and tracking him for his guilt. With only minor protests, Sid agrees to appear as Sondra's father. Sondra, who captivated Peter pretending to drown in his club pool, beat Jade Spence again. Mister. Spence, that is, Woody, continues to cover himself by making tricks of books, but he amuses the dowager with them and beats their husbands in poker, browsing with one line, and preserving, apparently successful, that he is in oil and precious metals, just as Jade told him. That's all there is, or all that can be said without destroying the story revealing its outcome. At first, Allen's decision to make Johansson a native beach and a badly dressed college girl does not seem to be just a bad one, but a bad decision in everything. But Johansson, who struck her as an actress, manages to do it miraculously, helped by Jackman, an actor who knows how to make any actress look desirable if she wants it. The film actually creates a sense of relationship to compensate for a limited range of characters: Sid and Sondra squeeze in a friendly way, and Peter and Sondra have a credible attraction, even if they are artificial and stingy (she is, after all, to a bed with a maniac suspected of homicide). What little shot is that Allen drops again over the wealth and English class, the things that Brooklyn's background seems to have left despite his celebrity with an irresistible exaltation for. Jackman is an impressive man, full of charm and delight. His parents were English. But could this sporting star comedy star in Australia ("X-Man's" Wolverine) really go like an aristocrat? Only in movies, maybe (here in "Kate and Leopold"). It's not as strong a movie as "Match Point," but to say he's a loser, as some viewers have. quite wrong. It has no deeper than half an hour or TV show, but Woody's jokes are much more fun and original than you will ever get in any such media business and sometimes show a return to old intelligence and intelligence . It does not matter if a movie is bad or slapdash when summer entertainment entertainment. On a hot day you do not want a heavy meal. The whole thing evokes deliciously a moment when cinematic comedy was really fun, without jokes or bloody effects; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics are eager to tell you that this is a return to Allen's decline that preceded the "Match Point". You do not believe them. He does not try too hard. Why should he? Maybe he's 70, but verbally, he's still on his feet. And his body is moving fast enough.
