I was lucky enough to get a free pass to an advanced examination of Scoop last night. The complete house at the theater and when the film ended was spontaneous applause. I did not talk to someone who did not like "Scoop," though two teenagers standing next to me sigh and sneak uncomfortably for most of the movie. But they were the exception because all the others, including me, really enjoyed themselves. "Scoop" is a mystery of fast-paced crime. A young student of female journalism involuntarily manages forces beyond her control, trying to catch a serial killer in freedom. A lot of hijinks follow her as a partner with an illusionist who travels and falls in love with an impatient and charming young man. "Scoop" is not a bad addition to Woody Allen's filmography. It's not the best work, but it's a very pleasant and easy story. I'd say it fits pretty comfortably with being a Woody Allen movie right in the middle of the pack. If you are a fan of Woody Allen, you will probably enjoy it. If you are indifferent to his work, then "Scoop" may be enough to be interested in seeing more. I do not think anyone who does not like his style of shooting and action will change their minds. Woody plays the same kind of neurotic character that I've grown so habitual, though it's approaching dangerously close and forced and above the peak of this movie. While potentially aggravating for some who might find wanting to rush and spit out words, Woody Allen fans know what to expect. <br /> <br /> Very good performance around all, in my opinion, although I found missing Ian McShane, who is excellent and not on the almost enough camera. Hugh Jackman is great as the charming nobleman and I think Woody Allen has found a new regular star with whom to work in Scarlett Johansson. I think Match Point is the second mating and she's just magical with the material Woody gives her. It could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I'm glad I saw the movie and I definitely recommend. more sophisticated comedy than the "Scary Movie 4" movies, so if the comedy brand is rather than the latter first, "Scoop" probably is not for you. If, on the other hand, as a class note, sophistication and fun, "Scoop" is for you. Probably not Woody Allen's film that I would present to a newcomer, but everyone else should try.
