I really did not look at this show so often when I was a kid, but the first episode that I remember is the episode in which Kimmy Gibbler pierced Stephanie's ears. when I started high school in 2000. I had problems across high school and I'd rather not go into it. but I always looked at saving the bell, but this show really reminded me of the problems I faced at school and I rarely showed parents to children. saved bell is okay, but it is not a good family show. a few days after I graduated from high school in 2004. I turned the TV on the family channel and day by day I depended on my full house. I could even press the info button and see the year when it came out and I would remember what I was doing at that time. the episode was about to appear and was titled "birthday blues" and so far is the most favorite episode, is sad, with a happy ending and you see Kimmy Gibbler in a way that does not act in other episodes, she actually shows her serious side. I have seasons 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 on DVD and I'm waiting for 7 and 8. I wanted somehow to have a documentary and some comments from the cast members. I do not know why some people have a hatred for this show because you do not see garbage and violence in this show. and for those who hate this show, I pray for you because you were raised in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. but the full house, in my opinion, is a family living in heaven where everyone is happy and good things always happen. and the characters are so wonderful. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother. Joey is good and always has a good time. when I was a child, I used to be just like Jesse and he's the first television actor to be so obsessed with hair. somehow you can actually say that DJ is a California girl. I really like the episodes with Kimmy Gibbler, because it always makes me smile and I shine the day when I look at it. and Stephanie is so cool. I have a hard time telling the twins Olsen. I want my children to see one day. but the full house is my best show # 1 and Sabrina, teen witches, is my favorite # 2. One day, sometime before I die, I really would really like to meet all the characters personally. the first 3 seasons are pretty boring but they're getting better in Season 4. I wished they had made a 9th season. they ceased to be full in 1995 and in autumn 1996 Sabrina stepped out of the teenage witch (which is a similar family show), but the full house is a very loving show and they have their good times and bad times and yes, I understand , if you are a wild trashy person, you will hate this show, but this is a show for happiness and it is also a moral show. I would also like to say that the first 3 seasons are good baby shows, but around 4 and 5 seasons DJ and Stephanie become teenagers. I noticed, not only with the full house but with a lot of shows, I never talk about world and political issues, as when the whole house was in the air during the Gulf War in 1991 and during the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995 , never mentioned anything about it. Steve was also my favorite DJ, the viper and the nelson were not very interesting. but season 5 and 6 believe they are the best. I wanted them to have made a 9th season because it left a big question in my head because in the last episode of the last moment the dj gets a surprise and goes to her ball with her ex beloved steve, always asked me if they came back together. and I liked how in the final seasons the DJ was always the one responsible and Stephanie always wanted to do something bold, like in the episode "The Wild Horse of Stephanie"
