I've never seen a show as good as the Full House. Full House puts all the latest shows to shame, great time! Anyone who has never seen it, what I do not see possible, should see it. It's a great show for anyone of any age. The full house will make you laugh, make you cry, we'll be amazed. True, some people feel there are some "astounding" aspects to the show, but the positive aspects affect all the "cheesy" aspects. Full House started the first episode on September 22, 1987 entitled "Our First Show" and ran the last episode on May 23, 1995, titled "Michelle Rides Again Part II." is very credible. Danny Tanner (Bob Saget) loses his wife, Pam, in an accident involving a drunk driver. Danny has his brother in law, Jesse Katsopolis (John Stamos), who is Pam's younger brother, and Danny also brings his best friend Joey Gladstone (Dave Coulier) to help them raise the three daughters. Danny's women are called DJ (Candice Cameron-Bure), Stephanie (Jodie Sweetin) and Michelle (Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen). Joey and Jesse intend to move with Danny and his three daughters for several months and get to live with them for eight years; which is the number of years the show followed. The following is a brief description of some characters and the actor / actress who played it: John Stamos (Jesse): John Stamos is a great actor. He's playing Jesse. Jesse is a rock star waiting to make a break. In the Full House, John Stamos does a wonderful job portraying his character. He watched and played music like his idol, Elvis Presley. Bob Saget (Danny): Bob Saget is also a great actor. He loses his wife in the car accident with a drunk driver. She has to raise three girls without having the girl's mother. Bob Saget does a great job, portraying a single parent who works full-time and still has time to raise his three faces. Dave Coulier (Joey): A word can describe Dave Coulier, funny. He's great. Playing Joey's character was perfect for him. He does a great job playing the stand-up comedian waiting for a big break. Candice Cameron-Bure (DJ): She is an extraordinary actress. She plays the oldest sister, DJ that is short for Donna Jo. She is one of the best actresses I've ever seen. Her ability to act in Full House was very credible. Jodie Sweetin (Stephanie): Two simple words can describe Jodie Sweetin, incredibly amazing! I'd like to be able to say all the things I'd like to say about Jodie, but I'd use the maximum of 1,000 words just for her. She took the start at a children's show called Goose Stories and when she came to the Full House, she breathed the minds of the public and the creator. Her wonderful look and absolutely stunning acting skills helped her make the show her success. According to Dave Coulier, Jodie was supposed to be the star of the show. It was supposed to be where he was going to make a big break. Jodie, at the age of five when it was first released, could hit every line perfectly. She showed great enthusiasm. Most young children can not do that. As you might guess, Jodie Sweetin (Stephanie) is my favorite character in Full House. Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen (Michelle): Great actress. The complete house is where they started. They got part of Michelle because they were the only children who did not cry in front of a room. There are many members who should be recognized. These are the original characters from the show for the first time in the air in 1987. The only negative thing I can say is how Full House has become the Michelle Show to the end. I think I had to focus on it to the end. Especially when I think Jodie and Candice were much better at acting. Full House is a great show for everyone. It can teach you a lot. One of the greatest things you can learn is that everyone can live a great life, even if a tragedy occurs, such as the loss of a family member. Full House continues to attract new fans. However, he said, there are only a few things to say; The complete house will never die, and, thanks, Full House, for everyone to show a show they can enjoy.
