Like most other commentators, I first saw this movie (on television, never on the big screen) when I was a teenager. My father has always looked at this film very much and recommended it then and I have to say that it's not just ok but the movie has stayed with me forever in the most decades since I first saw it . I have seen it two or three times since then (a few days ago I gave it another clock) and did not lose anything of the impact in time. It's still great and it's worth watching a movie! Manr sees Peckinpah's RIDE THE HIGH COUNTRY as one of the first and best Westerns later, who had a realistic look at life in the old West, but LAST HUNT is hardly known to be the best movie and was even with half a dozen years earlier. In fact, it was probably 3 decades before its time, or maybe it's still ... Although they think hard and certainly saw 100 West (I like this genre) I do not remember any gloomy and depressing like this . Two men joined together, partly out of hatred, partly to have no other choices, surrounded by the beautiful Mrs. Padget, a terrible old man and an innocent young man who carried the lives of buffalo killers until fate reached one of them. <br /> <br /> Nobody who has ever seen this movie will be able to forget the end and the latest frames of this jewelry. When the camera moves and moves away from Mr. Taylor, a white buffalo skin comes into view (on a tree) and echoes of the past, when all the hatred begins, are again present. Mister. Taylor took his buffalo, but eventually the buffalo caught him. <br /> <br /> In addition to the top performances of all those involved, the smart script and the great dialogue, it should also be mentioned that MONDAY MONTH is superbly photographed, seldom seen a western who was well shot by to those directed by Anthony Mann, which are also all superbly photographed), that all locations are intelligently chosen and that even the soundtrack fits perfectly with the image. And director BROOKS is indeed a superb storyteller. Master of Master! He has made many good movies and has been successful in almost every imaginable genre, but even in a prolific career like this, THE LAST HUNT still shines like one of the best, if not the best. <br /> Definitely it would be worth a bigger rating compared to 7-a RIDE THE HIGH COUNTRY game enjoy.
