Ahh, Talespin! What can I say has not already been said about this great show? Nothing! This is undoubtedly one of the best written performances I've ever met, live action or animation. Newer things are too bad for my tastes, and some mature things have to take the kids out of the room. But not Talespin. The stories are very interesting and very plausible. Some of them might even be stretched an hour or two for a movie. Episodes such as Stormy Weather and her chance to come are very dramatic, while being both enjoyable for both children and adults. Then there are pure comedy episodes such as Bluest of Baloo Bloods and Stuck on you, where the focus is on hilarity. I can laugh at tears in a few choices. The dramaturgist aspect is very devoid of most of today's performances (at least, those that are not specifically aimed at him), especially in cartoons. In the "Stormy Weather" episode, for example, Kit Cloudkicker decides to join an air circus, but Baloo thinks it would be too dangerous. In the biggest fight of the episode, Baloo calls to Kit to stay away from Daring Dan, whom Kit kisses "You can not tell me what to do!" * * * * and softens his face in the pillow. The next day he leaves for the airline. This type of drama is a rarity in a cartoon and would be very welcome in those created today. Characters have a lot of depth. Baloo is just as it is in the Jungle Book, plus or minus a few degrees of laziness. Rebecca is a cunning business woman, whose ideas about getting money, while good in theory, are rarely good in practice. Molly is a pretty little girl, but you can not let yourself be deceived. It can sometimes be a real hellion. Kit Cloudkicker is a darker character than the rest. He does not really trust adults unless he calls them and tends to interrupt relationships. Follow his expression in Plunder and Lightning when he grabs the battle hook: looks like he's ready to put it directly through a pirate. Eventually, drama is combined with very real chemistry between the characters that make this # 1 show in my book. The relationship between Baloo and Kit is very real, almost father and son. This is well demonstrated in the Whale Whaling Whale when Baloo takes the word Kit because Seymour abuses animals in the aquarium instead of siding with other adults. Baloo's and Becky's relationships are also realistic because of Baloo's motivation to work, coming from the desire to buy the egg "Sea Duck," not necessarily the desire to help Rebecca. But something tells me that if he took the Duck back, he would do jobs for Rebecca. Grand Duck, let alone all the other aircraft in the series, is pretty realistic. Airplane functions do not change over the course of the series (it is also difficult to continue), unlike the other "super-planes" of other cartoons, it does not have a single weapon on board (unless you count mangoes); is based on a great skill on the part of the pilot to get out of trouble. It's hard to think of a hero vehicle that does not have any kind of turret with weapons, laser cannon or even a gun somewhere on board. And the fact that they use their heads to get out of trouble is so hard to find in a cartoon nowadays. Plus is just such a cool darn design! This is definitely the best cartoon. Ever. Period. Definitely worth all ten stars!
