If you watch this show for the first time, you can start wondering if you are in an alternative reality. Colorful and imaginative characters? Driving the dialogue? Plots that seem to have a certain depth, even creating suspense and drama sometimes? I mean, is this a syndicated children show? This is the same place that brought children such as Pokemon, Pepper Ann, Mighty Morphin Power Rangers and VR Troopers (please note that three of the titles listed above are Japanese cracked exports, Fox Network and Saban Entertainment). Do not worry, just sample some of the quality rates available to children in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Some examples of this period would be "Transformers", "Garfield and Friends", "Capitan Power" and "C.O.P.S." (a cartoon MUST NOT be confused with the live action show on Fox). In addition to these examples, Disney also returned to syndicated children's programs, coming with a line called "The Disney Afternoon." In addition to a derisory show called "The Gummi Bears," early shows such as Darkwing Duck, Duck Tales, and Chip N Dale's Rangers Rescue gave credibility to Disney animation teams who also transformed be "The Little Mermaid", "Beauty and the Beast", "Savior Down" and "The Great Detective of the Mouse". But above all these miracles shine "TaleSpin". The premiere of "Plunder and Lightning" was a two-hour walk and won an Emmy. Much for my delight, the rest of the episodes have proven to be in line with the promise of the premiere. While I enjoy parcels and dialogue, I think the greatest attraction for me is the characters. There is Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, but still wrong; Kit Cloudkicker, full of anger and pre-adolescent optimism; Louie, with his loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, Scotty's most fun engineer on the original "Star Trek"; Molly Cunningham, cute and full of witchcraft, but with a depth that most children's characters do not have and, of course, in the midst of all, there is Baloo, which they describe as a free version of James Bond. This is because, whenever there are problems, Baloo saves the day with the thinnest, fastest of all, Sea Duck (Read: James Bond, Aston Martin). Of course, every big show must have great villains, and TaleSpin does not disappoint here either. From the megalomania of businessman Shere Kahn, to the pirate air in vain and always unsuccessful, Don Karnage, to the swordful and swift, Soviet Temberien. The animation is good, the right music, and the episodes are (for me) the best that the children have ever offered. Pleasant fun for the WHOLE family!
