This film makes an affirmation about Joseph Smith, about what the LDS church believed and what it believed. With all the current media coverage of a certain fugitive people, they confused the LDS church with the FLDS church and the fugitive murderer Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not associated with the LDS church, but media groups around the world have asked for comments about the Jews from the LDS church. Jeff is not mentioned in the film, but I think it's ironic that this film with all his points about Joseph also points away from the few FLDS churches and their leader right now in the media world. This is a movie about Joseph Smith and an extraordinary one about it. Some of the most obvious differences between Jeff and Joseph are portrayed in Joseph's humanity, acceptance and love. Jeff's views and opinions differ a lot from Joseph Smith and the LDS Church and are seen in this film. Jeffs thinks "black" as devils. Joseph Smith knew they were children of God and gave up his favorite horse to an African-American (former slave) to buy his son's freedom. Joseph is shown to do housework for Emma's wife and is criticized by a member until Joseph tells him that a man can lose his wife in the future if she chooses not to stay with her husband and doing business is a way of help and cherish your wife. Jeffs brought a polygamist woman in a knee full of pupils, grabbing her ribbon and twisting painfully until she came to her knees. Finally, Joseph participated with law enforcement authorities and called for government assistance at any time. Jeffs vainly nods to the government and always runs away. I liked this movie and if you do not know too much about Joseph Smith and what the LDS church thinks, then this is the movie you see. And if you mistaken the LDS Church with the FLDS church, then you really need to take the act together. We are not very different from anyone who believes in Jesus Christ, the holiness of marriage and family, and a patriotism for our country and country. We are all different, just as you can find different Protestants, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. What is important is our message and what we are. This movie is trying to present this, but there is so much of Joseph's life that can not be covered in a 2-hour film. It was a very good show.
