Warning: lightweight spoilers. The story of Joseph Smith stands out as an amazing - even moving - episode of America's history and of the history of the religious world. This film presents events from the life of Joseph Smith, which Mormons call the prophet of the restoration of the true Church of Jesus Christ on earth. I have seen the movie twice before in the first month of public presentation. Joseph Smith is shown first of all as the youngest of a trio of brothers (Alvin, Hyrum & Joseph) who, very young, needed an operation. The operation, done without our modern facilities, was bloody and difficult. The scene helped to show the consistency of the Smith family and the ties between the brethren and between Joseph and his parents. Joseph's religious confusion and subsequent prayer that led to what Mormons called the first vision was portrayed as interesting. The face of Jesus is never shown, but you see the signs of unmistakable nails in His hands. Rejection by religious leaders and many of the little community in New York is sweetened at least by Joseph's marriage to Emma. This film does not clearly describe the events in the history of the Church of Mormon, but only the salt from the stage to the stage. This is not a critique - just a note about style. The practice of justification and penetration is presented and it is particularly dramatic and moves when Joseph teaches a sermon on the love of the Savior with a terrified face from the film that was recently attacked. The film dramatically illustrates the joy and the growth of morphism as an infant church, while at the same time the ever deeper opposition that has spread to the heights of local governments. </ Film presents many scenes from Joseph's life, including some beautiful moments portraying his relationship with Emma. An attempt is made to show the depth and complexity of Joseph's life, including his ferocious love for his wife, the infinite love of children, his spirit, his courage over the dirty and dangerous opposition, his religious feelings and his compassion. <br /> <br /> As Joseph and Hyrum travel to Carthage, never return home, most of the characters throughout the movie, whose lives Joseph has touched, are shown along the way, contributing to the strengthening of what has already been seen, but has set the final stage to be stronger. At the end of the year, the martyrdom of Joseph and Hyrum is portrayed, and filmmakers are allowed to reflect on the events they have just witnessed. <br /> <br /> When I first watched the movie, I assumed it was made by the Church to introduce Joseph Smith to non-members. I do not think that's the case anymore, though I hope the movie can do that. As an insider, I think the film is a feast of Joseph and greatly enhances the good things we already know. I'm curious to see how the movie's outdoors will see - whether they will simply see it as propaganda, an epic story of a religious American man or something else. The movie is beautifully shot, family friendly, on the move, and hopefully something good for everyone. That the portrayed events actually took place in the United States of America, it is interesting to think about the many aspects of our culture - including freedom of religious expression and respect (in general) for the law - which we, the modern, consider right.
