Somewhere at the bottom of the studio studio ladder you can find companies like UFO, Troma, and underneath these are Seduction cinema. Seduction is a direct video production company that specializes in lesbian, non-hardcore erotic movies. She has developed a very dedicated fan base that purchases each new title as they are released, but unfortunately the company has become too closely associated with Misty Mundae. I'm sad to say that the interest of recent interests and her appearance in the Masters of Horrors show led her to look a little more than the zero efforts of the S.C. budget, forcing the company to find a new identity. But back in their glory days they released this film in a very appreciated world. The wonderful Misty Mundae is forced to attend a boarding school at the request of an absent father. At school, she meets her absurdly hot girl, played by Ruby Larocca, who immediately draws on her, but director (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In S.C. Typically, the film stops every ten minutes for an extended sexual scene, but unlike most of its efforts, it has a somewhat interesting story and some good performances. Mrs. Larocca seems to have a lot of fun as a sexual predator who sees Misty as a tasty meal, and Darian Caine makes a welcome (though short) like Satan. This is the kind of film that Jess Franco would have performed in the 1970s (although he does not have the hard sex that Franco always wanted to sell him for foreign sales), and the fans of that madman would be wise to give this a go. For me, as a fan of long-lasting cinema (and Troma worshiper), I met Seduction cinema films through their parody films (Monkey Playmates, Who Wants to Be a Billionaire Erotic), but I really prefer their more original works. You will either see the past of the low budget and sometimes lean, whether you are hanging on these things and you hate all these movies. For me, the most obvious thing that unites these movies without budget is a true sense of fun. These low-budget companies can create their own unique style, which gives the viewer something very different from the weak, the numbers, the efforts of studios that load multiplexes. If you have never seen a movie seduction, either this source or sinister sisters (featuring both Mundae sisters) are excellent choices for the beginning. This is a fun, fast-paced movie (although the school's out-of-school photos are a bit older), and the DVD is fully loaded with extras, including a ton of previews of other company offers, a great feature behind the scenes and some deleted scenes, including an alternative opening. We recommend that you submit the disc bonus feature, the first director film, because it is quite weak and not worth watching.
