This powerful news, often violent in the Peckinpah / Leone tradition, is surprisingly directed by Andrew V. McLaglen, whose Western stars (especially those who played John Wayne) were mainly in John Ford's way. It's so surprisingly traditional (good guys / bad guys) and incredibly upgraded as well. Heston portrays a former Arizona territorial police captain who has been retired for a year, turning the leaders of the law into a reformed sheriff (Michael Parks), and in the early twentieth century he found ways to enforce the law, taken over by cars, telegraphs, telephones and rail. But soon, he faces a threat from his past - an illegal (Coburn) that he put more than a decade before for a train robbery that killed four guards. In a subsequent shootout, Coburn's wife was killed; so Coburn is for the most ugly avenger. This involves the kidnapping and ultimately the rape of Herson's daughter (Hershey) by him and his band. The result is a tandem and violent pursuit through the mountains and deserts of southern Arizona. The last men, based on Brian Garfield's novel "Gun Down", are violent in many places, including the show between Heston and Coburn, and the rape scene involving Hershey and two members of Coburn's band (Quade, Paull) is probably the same as well as similar scenes from STRAW DOGS and DELIVERANCE. But that does not destroy too much from the psychological approach of the film to the Western genre. McLaglen is capable of dealing with the bloody storyline story, and the interpretation of Heston as an aging man was probably the best he ever gave in any of his 1970s films. Coburn makes it hard with extremely cold blood, and both parks and Chris Mitchum (like Hershey's intentional husband) turn out well. The music here is full of Jerry Goldsmith's 100 RIFLES scores and STAGECOACH remake of 1966, but he's still working here. Wisely filmed entirely at the location in Southeast Arizona and using the Old Tucson set, THE LAST HARD MEN has to be released by Fox on VHS and / or DVD soon. It is a Western that deserves nothing less.
