A young London solicitor, Arthur Kidd, is sent to a small coastal town, Crythin Gifford, to oversee the legacy of a widow who recently died, Mrs. Drablow. While participating in her funeral, a mysterious lady dressed in black draws her attention. It is assumed that Drablow lived a retired life, and the locals kept quite quiet about her. After that, she heads to Mrs. Drablow's mansion, which can be accessed only on a marsh road during the reflux. There he meets the black woman again in the graveyard behind the house, and things start to fester, while terrifying noises begin to come from the marshes. Now Mrs. Drablow's stuff and listening to recorded milk records help Kidd figure out the grim mystery that locals are afraid to talk about. Often highly appreciated among horror fans as one of the most terrible ghost stories and can see their point of view. But only in doses is made on the label. Yes, from what you can gather I was left a "small" sub-whelmed, despite really liking it. I've been waiting for the whole length of the warp, but that's probably it? Wait. Basically, I had a similar reaction to the "The Changeling" thriller in 1980. When you hear so many good things, sometimes it's hard not to get caught up with it. However, the British presentation of the "Woman in Black" TV actually does some old-fashioned, slow-burning spine driven by its moody locations, anxiety, and first-class performance. Slim psychological story cloak blanket (adapted to Susan Hill's novel of the same name), as a simple mystery opens authentic with a tragically depressing tone and successfully characterizes his protagonist. Little seems to happen and you can feel pulled apart, but its fragile events catch you. Whenever the camera focuses on the lady in black. Who appears most like a background figure is finally creepy. It may not be too much, but when does it? Talk about wandering! This is also the case for this conclusion. Pauline Moran, who plays the woman in black, makes us nervous with just her tingling look and sudden position. A pale look and those minor ways seem to haunt you. It's a spirit you do not want to cross, but only to let you see you. A performance by Adrian Rawlins, with a wonderful moody, as a lawyer, Arthur Kidd, keeps it together. In support of them are the strong towers of Bernard Hepton, David Daker, Clare Holman and David Ryall. The heavy drawing on the lush rural city and the quaint coastal places adds more to the real situation, everything is done in the split and time-struck victorian house that completely suffocates the air with constant fear. Director Herbert Wise carefully produces alarming images that slowly cover a secret piece, at a time, at a well-paced, well-judged rate. Instead of getting out of shock, some scenes contain a difficult intensity that will not disappoint. Sound effects are splendidly used around the surroundings and disorient the air. Rachel Portman's musical score knows how to get under your skin in those awful moments and then stay with you. This rarity made for television is a rich and anxious stimulus in the supernatural spook-fest. He may not share his new sub-gen too much, but he is competent to shelter his forces to provide what counts in this curse.
