I was lucky enough to see this without any trace of hype. I was surprised by the resilience of the phantom image in my mind the day and the day after. I've seen it 3-4 times and every time I appreciate even more. The settings are great, the twilight city has beautiful lighting effects and long swamp shots, and the house itself is sufficiently high with muscles. The main hero is so pleasant and of good nature that he is easily sympathetic. For the person who complained that there was not enough "sparkle" in this film, I would say it is because the whole fight against ghosts is worn only by this one person. It is a rather slow film, with an unusual time spent, a pre-and post-phantom attack on the development of its character with family and work life. SPOILERS discussion / At least I liked the turning point when he returns to the main city and meets the man who helps him and explains about seeing the ghost. He describes the woman in black, and then, at the end of the conversation, says he's coming back, because, after all, what's wrong with him? The other man says, "You can not go back ... alone!" and he gave the hero his dog. The cute puppy offers a little comic relief, which connects through the house and even in the locked room. Many ghost casual appearances really scare me. The woman appears in the middle of the church shoot, showing she is not afraid of the church and she is neither shy nor home-bound. Everything is at the beginning. Another incredibly memorable scene was with the children outside the church fence, watching the funeral. As the camera turns to the right, the woman is seen in the background among the funeral stones. The eldest man will not even look at him, but the children call him and tease him. Creepy ... Ghosts are usually hidden in the shadows, haunting certain places or people. As mentioned, wickedness and anger of ghosts are terrifying, and I feel they are attacks, and the conclusion was perfect and fully justified. The end pointed out that the hero made a major mistake coming back to the house. Or maybe it was scored, no matter what, saving a Gypsy girl. The guy who plays the hotel manager is so credible and truly fulfills the role. I shared my friends' word about how much I liked this movie and it is soothing to see others feel the same. I see how people do not see the same masterpiece, especially if they entered it with a lot of hype review. I think another person summed it up when they said that this movie determined the question whether the ghosts could physically harm the man or not. I'm going to look again tonight, followed by The Changeling, aaww yeah. Any other movies recommended? <br /> <br /> Thank you,
