Most horror movies are, in fact, terrible movies. They come to be the same. The same package every minute, with some cheap emotions (usually "splashed") and nowadays can be packed every second with special gaudy effects. One of the goals of a very good horror film is to suspend the audience's mistrust. For example, I've seen both recent mummy movies and I almost got dizzy seeing ridiculous special effects every second. It probably costs a million dollars a second to make those movies, and the feeling of distrust has never been suspended, the roots have grown. Subtlety can be more terrifying. Less is more. <br /> <br /> I first saw the Woman in Black on A & E Channel. After I overturned 987 very bad TV channels, I stopped to see it. This film has almost the sense of a "Theater Masterpiece" production. That's okay with me, I've always preferred British TV & Movies anyway. Most viewers would find this too slow. But the slow rhythm helps you to give the credibility of the story. The special effects are few that praise the viewer in thinking that this film is set in the real world, making us a little more anxious. Makeup and costume for the phantom are kept simple and credible. Hollywood would have made her look like a demon in hell, with bright eyes - jaws, etc. Hollywood would have annoyed and turned this idea into a mediocrity. The woman only makes about five appearances in the movie. Most of them are where it appears in the distance and even that creates a good fear. If it appeared too often, it could have cheated mood. However, this movie is so well done that much of the movie is driven to feel that it is there all the time, but it is not visible. The scene in which he visits Arthur Kidd late at night and we see her a little too close is a horror masterpiece. This is just an extraordinary movie that I think you should qualify as one of the best horror films ever made. I have a copy of "The Haunting", "The Changling" and one more zillion. I have not seen anything that looks like "The Woman in Black," though I still look for it. This movie is so well designed that even the most implacable skeptic (like me) offers a moment when I almost had two thoughts about the non-existence of ghosts. I was kidding to people that occasionally I'm afraid I might be in the middle of the road or see her looking through the window. Maybe she could be in a crowd at the mall that was watching me with her hate. This is how it should be a terrible movie. Like a LaFanu novel, Black Woman pulls you very slowly and wraps around your neck, and before you figure it out, she squeezes your life out of you and then it's too late. <br /> <br /> The closest thing you have to criticize is that this has been done for the small screen ... and it is a terrible shame that this is out of print. I've just paid over $ 40 for the second copy of this movie. It's an important award in my collection. Now I'm looking for a better horror movie that not only gives chills but also qualifies a soundtrack.
