While I loved haunted movie films such as Amityville and Poltergeist, this made the TV adaptation of Susan Hills books a huge punch for Hollywood horrors. With a brilliant cast Heartbeat and other television dramas), a great action and a fantastic setting (showing the life of the 1920's convincing), has all the ingredients to attract the viewer into a powerful ghost story. Herbert Wise do not need blood, violence, or gorilla to send shivering to the audience. Using her own imagination, Woman in Black is a figure of fear and fear, and whose presence is never absent once she first appears. The main character Arthur Kidd, a lawyer, learns about his unseen spectrum of his mission to solve his fortune. The widow dies, and Arthur spends several nights in her terrible house, where she notices many strange things that can haunt him for a few days. Some of the scenes are very disturbing and claustrophobic, especially in the locked room that opens, which stops him and closes Arthur in the dark. The film is becoming more and more strange, the more you put yourself in Arthurs' shoes and its efforts to pull out this ghost. The writer writes in the stories many refreshments, an example being the re-emergence of the soldier. One is eager to learn the meaning of all. The fact that we never learn too much about the widow, we leave more to imagination and makes it even more disturbing. The widow, for the most part, looks vicious and intimidating. The scene after the winding of the generator sent me the colds, a woman who appears nowhere on an isolated land, with a screaming sound? who have been on such properties I can appreciate how this is isolated. And the scene in the inn was probably the most horrible things I've ever seen, one that I do not want to hurry up to or in front of older relatives. I often woke up at night thinking that it was behind me in my sleep. The woman in black is a great TV movie and a lost jewel. I agree that to some extent the internet hype for this movie has been completely overwhelmed and can see why people have been disappointed after spending the best 50 pounds on it, but I think the net has stoned stones hidden because it makes movies like these overexposed. I think he's still brilliant and fanciful acting and I think he's the biggest ghost story of the last century.
