It's not known whether Marilyn Monroe ever met and talked to Albert Einstein (and since the mysterious disappearance of her diary after her equally mysterious death, maybe I never knew), but in their life it was an opportunity. /> Written by Terry Johnson from his own play, Nicolas Roeg's Insignificance imagines a meeting in a New York hotel room one evening in 1953 between the two icons plus Joe DiMaggio (Busey) and Sen. Joseph McCarthy Curtis) level. On another level, it raises - or reduces - these "personalities" (and what is a terrible phrase that is) to simple avatars (the characters are deliberately unnamed), all of a sudden bigger and less in status. <br /> <br /> The title Insignificance is so highly appreciated and profoundly ironic; here, DiMaggio's net worth was reduced to slightly more than a picture on a bubble card. Monroe is also reduced to the parts of dress, hair, lipstick, stuttering and voice. By uncovering the uncertainty and reversing their roles, the film brings to the forefront notes received by the celebrity, exploding the cult of personality. Continuing the theme, there will be another explosion at the highlight of the film: Hiroshima in a hotel suite where the "actress" is burnt in a cement in seconds; a literal deconstruction of fame. Goodbye, Norma Jean. History tells the script, which in turn shakes history upside down. As Roeg saw after seeing Johnson's play for the first time, "these characters were mythical, they were invented by no one, not the audience or the press, perhaps even the characters themselves." As interpreted by Theresa Russell, Marilyn (an intellectual wardrobe in real life), they teach a child Einstein ("Professor," by Emil) about the theory of relativity using balloons and a torch, while Professor shows her legs in the conspicuous parody of her own role in "The Seven-Year Itch," the movie "Actress" is seen working on opening the film. History records that Monroe's husband, (interpreted by Busey as a psychopathic simpleton), was dissatisfied with her iconic film scene, precipitating her break. Even on board, we discover the "Ballplayer" jealousy in a bar, amazed by the fact that if "I want to see her underwear, I'm going to the corner like everyone else." Unlike Teacher, The Ballplayer thinks the universe is a round - an affirmation shared by native Americans. But the big boss (Sampson, who deals with the reputation of a nest of nest) who runs the Roosevelt Hotel's elevator was, however, dismantled from his own culture: "They're no longer Cherokee - I'm watching TV." Meanwhile, the "senator" is investigating the professor, who is in the midst of a pacifist speech at the United Nations, but whom the senator suspects as a red man. In fact, after disclosing it to Monroe, Einstein is shaken by guilt against Hiroshima and what the future of white heat means. However, in a universe apparently without God, all these concerns and aspirations become insignificant in the light of a higher atomic power. Roeg is really a perfect director to bring Johnson's stage track onto the screen. Over time, childhood tortured flashbacks and pessimistic blows (ka-boom!) Trace unexpected connections between time, place, and circumstance, with the repeated visual motif of a wristwatch used to mark the passage of time - but probably to suggest all the time is once; every moment coexists. As evidenced by its back catalog, it is a kind of hobbyhorse for a director delighted with the notion of synchronicity - see Do not look anymore now. Here, the 1920s bleed in 1945 and squeezed in the 1980s, when another "actor" took the largest role as president of the United States. If all of this sounds pretty hard (quantum physics is certainly involved), the execution is nothing but Johnson's noisy, daily noise scenario, Roeg's playful direction, opening up a scene in essence scenic - and casting itself, which is in stellar form. Tony Curtis in particular leaves traces of prosthesis in the wooden panel as a paranoid and impotent senator who is seen trying to congratulate himself with an impersonator Monroe (a real one, unlike Russell's) before being let down by his members in decrease. Of course, Curtis played with real Marilyn Monroe in "Some Like It Hot," and whose hugs he described as memorable "kissing Hitler." As Roeg commented, "Everything seemed suddenly connected ... when the movie began to form even the actors themselves seemed part of the endless link." Everything goes into the pot, boiled and served in new and fascinating ways.
