New York, 1953. A hot night, four famous iconic figures will come together. Teacher (Albert Einstein) came to NY to give a speech, with Senator (Joesph MacCarthy) on the back. Later on, a surprise visitor becomes his surprise; a famous actress (Marilyn Monroe). Who wants to talk about the relativity theories. Soon, her husband (Joe DiMaggio) returns to the hotel room, asking them to do things for their relationship of ruin. Childhood flashbacks, important events, the perceived consequences of their actions sneak in to show how these individuals handle desperation and a hidden fear waiting to come out. <br /> <br /> Now, that's one of a kind! Adaptable to Terry Johnson's screenplay, "Insignificance" is a strange, weird, seductive and totally curious, fictitious, pop-culture trick in the hands of director Nicolas Roeg. This experimental inspired and cerebral effort could be rooted in its origins, because it feels theatrical and most of the action takes place in a hotel background and in a main suite. The appearance of cramps has greatly improved the moody and smoke of New York. However, these limitations can not contain the fruitful and daring ideas that Roeg manages to blur them visually and through meaningful material. The way in which they reflect on the characters (who are famous suggestive figures without having to call them) philosophical journeys and interpretations of their notions stimulate in a spiritual sense, the gelling memories presently and the visions showing the fear of achievements which, Depending on what you see, they are either beautiful or hauntingly implemented. There is a lot of food for thinking and suggestions in the innovative scenario (sometimes uncomfortable), with the main focus on the current situation, but flashbacks give us personal makeup (sex, power, enlightenment and glory) of what makes them and how much there can be a burden there that already requires life. Of course, the story may not do anything to the end, and it may feel dissociated, but the dream atmosphere and clever arrangement relieves these folds and ensures that it never returns badly. Peter Hannan's fluent photographs and Stanley Myers's blues sound fit perfectly with Roeg's subtle and established style styling. He shows that he is working on something big and large, but it is not the case and a small small universe is being created. The period costumes and period locations are doing quite well. What made the film for me had to be the impressive act he praised from the four main ones. Theresa Russell is an impressive, sunseting wife who brought to life the sexy actress actress, an ever-growing portrait, who certainly supported the film along with a truly excellent and enjoyable performance by Professor Michael Emil. Tony Curtis plays it awesome as a witch hunt senator, and Gary Busey is appropriately good rock-style pebble player. Appearing in minor but funny roles, Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick. A memorable piece of meditation, fresh and meditative, connected to four different ends. Some might think it overstretched and too talcum, but that made me wrap up in my own unique world to worry too much about its shortcomings.
