I have always been a great admirer of Nicolas Roeg and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite films. This is a cinematic version of the Roegs play, and while most of the movie takes place in a hotel room, it still has a Roegs movie eruption. The very unique story is about a famous actress (Theresa Russell) who, after an eagerness to work on a film in 1954, goes to a hotel to visit a renowned professor (Michael Emil) and together in his hotel room they were talking. After a while, he wants to sleep with him, but when they start to undress, her husband hits the door. Her husband is a famous ex-baseball player (Gary Busey) and wants to know what's going on. The three in the hotel room talk about what's going on and about the future for them. Meanwhile, a renowned senator (Tony Curtis) threatens to take the teachers' papers if he does not testify at a hearing. Theresa Russell is just great and, while not trying to get involved with Marilyn Monroe, she does a wonderful job of exuding the phobia and hues Monroe knows very well. One thing the film does is to show her that she is not just a woman at the edge of a mental defect, but to show her as a physical wreck. She talks about the impossibility of having children and at some point in the film suffers a miscarriage. You can make an excellent case that this is Russell's best performance and I probably would not have argued. The movie makes an interesting thing to show many flashbacks, while the characters continue to talk about one thing and in retrospect we see one of the many reasons for their actions. Busey also offers good solid performance and reminds me of why a strong person is on the screen. Emil as a teacher is a character who has many things in his mind, then we thought about it first. The last scene in this movie is a demonstration of its darker side! One of the most important moments of the film for me is the little conversation she has with the elevator man (Will Sampson from The Cube of the Cup) and discusses what the Cherokee Indians think at all times. But, of course, the famous scene in this movie is where Russell demonstrates to Emil how he understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show it. The teacher is delighted with her demonstration and so are we! Russell and Roeg are married in real life and do an admirable job when they collaborate and this is probably the best movie together. Good performances and a very exciting director's job make this movie provocative and watched.
