OUR NAME IS JULIA ROSS is a fascinating 1945 B thriller by Joseph H. Lewis, probably one of Hollywood's finest filmmakers. This 65-minute gothic strange from Columbia Pictures came after Lewis's long-time apprenticeship as a helper of a string of westerners of poverty, East Side Kids comedies, horror melodies (including incredibly bizarre Bela Lugosi shocker THE INVISIBLE GHOST SECRETS OF A CO-ED, BUMBERS FROM BURMA, FALCON IN SAN FRANCISCO, etc.), all of which set the scene pretty nice for what was to come from Mr. Lewis enormously talented and inventive. OUR NAME IS JULIA ROSS (like DARK THE NIGHT the following year) has introduced a director who has mastered rare and delicate art by telling a dark and fast-paced, quick and efficient story on the most modest budgets. Later, Lewis' productions, such as GUN CRAZY (1949) and THE BIG COMBO (1955), despite the extensive scope of their narrative structure, continued to rely on clear, lucid work of the camera and efficient illumination. And very modest resources. My name is JULIA ROSS, probably owes more to the tradition of British mysteries (established in a studio-related England) than what happens to the usual noir movie traps and pitfalls. A young woman (Nina Foch) agrees to deal with an elderly woman (Dame Mae Witty). Two days after her arrival, she wakes up from a deep sleep in a completely strange house and, quite mysteriously, with a new identity - that of the old lady. She said she was the victim of a nervous breakdown, she strives to understand the absolute and seemingly hopeless nature of her situation. But earlier, she begins to share the strange and disturbing truth behind this dark mystery, that "the husband" (George Macready, who always threatens him) most likely killed his real wife and was cheated to participate in a aggressive and sinister scheme. Much of what distinguishes this otherwise modest story is the indelible touches that Lewis brings to production, marking him as the first of his truly serious film directorial efforts.
