If you are a fan of Gothic horror, then you are absolutely guaranteed to LOVE this wonderful Italian film 60 "Castle of Blood". We really talk about squeaky doors, strange portraits that seem to move, spontaneous candles, though there is no wind and smoke coming from under the heavy doors of the wooden room. Speaking in terms of atmosphere and style, this masterpiece of the Gothic film is one of the best there; just a small league under landmarks such as "Black Sunday", "The Three Faces of Fear" and "Curse of the Woman Weeping". Prominent directors Sergio Corbucci ("The Great Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti (Cannibal Apocalypse, Killer Fish) are successful in all areas, including a powerful plot (a true nightmare angel), ultra-sinister landscapes and shooting locations, elegant black and white photography, refreshing music and a glamorous gathering of talented artists. Barbara Steele, the star of "Black Sunday" and the Italian goth-muse, called first, shines again as a spiritually tormented character and is literally surrounded by excellent co-players. One of them, Silvano Tranquilli, even gives a fairly credulous image to author Edgar Allan Poe. The story involves him and another rich visitor of a rural tavern that causes a young brutal journalist to accept a morbid bet. If he ?? Alan Foster ?? would survive spending a night in the infamous Blackwood Castle, receiving a staggering $ 10 reward, and an interview with Poe. Needless to say, trying is far more dangerous than it seems, even for someone like Alan Foster, a farmer who does not believe in ghosts and vampires. The night begins excellent for him, because he meets even the beautiful woman of his dreams, but he gradually teaches that Blackwood Castle is a shelter where the ghosts of previously deceased visitors are captured for all eternity. I do not know about you, but that's really one of the favorite locations of horror films of all time. Co-director Antonio Margheriti was clearly proud of this film, because he remodeled himself a few years later as "Web of the Spider." This film had a handful of trumps, such as casting no less than Klaus Kinski as Edgar Allan Poe, but this original is generally superior. "Blood Castle" evolves literally with the atmosphere and maintains a very disturbing atmosphere throughout. This is really one of the rare movies that can make hair on the arms and back of your neck rising with fear if you follow it in the right circumstances. Watch late at night, preferably alone and in a bright room, and you will have an idea of ​​the true definition of the horror.
