Italy has produced a lot of really great and original horror movies in the 1960s - and this is certainly one of them! The first thing you will notice about Danse Macabre is the style of the movie. Filmed in black and white and thanks to the use of lighting by director Antonio Margheriti; the film seems almost to be a German expressionist horror movie. This, along with the horror plot, ensures that Danse Macabre is a movie that truly captures the essence of the horror. Of course, the fact that beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the film does not hurt things - and good news continues, because in this film she gets to flex her muscles by doing more than she did in movies that made her famous. The plot is very aware of when it was launched, and so incorporates the great Edgar Allen Poe. We're following Alan Foster, a writer who accepts a bet from Poe himself and Lord Blackwood that he can not spend a whole night in the old old castle. All those who spent the night there in the past have died ... and our hero is about to meet the best winners! <br /> <br /> Nowadays, horror films tend not to focus so much on each shot and the result is that there is not much beauty left in the genre. Therefore, it is refreshing to see this movie. Many of the photos are incredibly beautiful - from the feminine side of the youngster wearing only a skirt of visibility to my personal favor - a smoke shot down below a door. This first film by Antonio Margheriti, and even after seeing this movie; it is obvious that he was one of Italy's principal directors. Also interesting is that the script was co-written by another great Italian; Creator django Sergio Corbucci. The plot can mess a little too often, but there's always enough atmosphere to make sure the movie does not get boring - and it's always interesting, even when the plot is slowing down, ensures the same thing. The way Danse Macabre uses the theme "haunted house" is both well made and original and helps keep the story as dazzling as possible. Overall, fans of Italian cinema and / or cult do not want to miss this little jewel!
