I first saw the movie as a boy at the old Rialto theater as part of a triple morning project that included Vincent Price's "Last Man on Earth" and Mario Bava's "Nightmare Castle". We had nightmares about blood ghosts for a week after! Though I did not know then, all three films would turn out to be classical. No wonder I was so scared! Although all three movies scared me, the Blood Castle had the most profound impact. It was the first in the bill. I have not even seen it from the beginning, when I arrived late at the cinema and missed the first 20 minutes of the movie. This is a lot to lose since the edited print ran only 79 minutes (unedited runs 87 minutes). However, despite this, the dark, gloomy atmosphere (accompanied by ruined castles, thick cemeteries, shadows and spider webs), gothic design, strong action and suspense (especially in the last 20 minutes) a copy of the movie for my collection. Since it was a French-Italian import, it was not a movie that appeared at the late Winnipeg show. I do not remember the title at all (remember that I did not see the beginning of the movie and I was afraid) and to make things worse, the film was released under a dozen different film titles (aka Danze Macabre, Sicriul Terror, Castle of Terror, Long Night of Terror, etc.), and the US / UK title "Blood Castle" was very generic, like dozens of horror films and illusory suspense. But thanks to Internet and perseverance, I finally found it! What do you treat to watch the movie entirely after so many years! I may not have had the strong emotional impact that I did when I was a boy, but as the haunted house movies go up, it looks good and compares favorably with similar films in the era "The Haunting "," The Innocents "or" Black Sunday ", the film being a primal effort by Italian director Antonio Margheriti. This is the scriptwriter Barbara Steele for 60 years and presents a well written script by Sergio Corbucci about a skeptical writer (Georges Riviere) who, in a bet, spends the night in the haunted house and is, without any chance, a story fantastic annual. Hypnotic Steele is well expressed as a fantastic love interest - like Arturo Dominici like Dr. Carmus and Margarete Robsahm as Julia. Many of Margheri's tricks are committed to creating the extraordinary atmosphere of the movie (spider, door break, fog, etc.) must appear to be clichés for a modern audience, but work more efficiently in black and white than ever could in modern color. Instead of using body counts and special effects, the film creates scary old fashion, relying on a good story, an elegant direction, fine workmanship, exciting camera work, and powerful performance. Margheritts does a wonderful job by taking these elements and building the suspense of the film, while the paranormal secret of the house is gradually revealed to the unwanted writer. The film is free from defects. Step pulls at the beginning of the movie (ironically, the 20 minutes we've lost initially). This is probably aggravated by Synapse's efforts to restore the film to its original length. Although fans will probably appreciate the chance to see the restored movie - from an intro point of view - it could have been more of a hindrance than of help. The English vocabulary is simply acceptable, and in restored scenes the language varies from English to French (English subtitles are provided), which is sure to be annoying to some viewers. However, Synapse Films deserve kudos for print quality. Clearly, an effort has been put into its restoration and deserved. I enjoyed this movie very much and I highly recommend it to Italian Goth movie fans for 60 years or anyone enjoying a fantastic story. <br /> <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
