Antonio Margheriti "Danza Macabra" as well. The 1964 Blood Castle movie is a beautiful and incredibly brilliant masterpiece of the Italian Gothic Grotto and "La Maschera Del Demonio" from 1960 by Mario Bava and Roger Corman's "Pit and Pendulum" in 1961 (with the great Vincent Price Award ), another must-see, which won the marvelous Barbara Steele a greater fame than the most important female Horror painting in film history. But not only beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele is one of my favorite actresses over the years, the script for "Danza Macabra" was co-written by no one less than cinematic genius Sergio Corbucci, who directed such spaghetti engineers "Django "(1966) and" The Big Silence "(1968). Number two of Italy in the field (right after Mario Bava), director Antonio Margheriti is one of the foremost masters of Horror Gothic, and "Castle of Blood" is undoubtedly the greatest achievement. Almost another movie does not work so brilliantly in creating an incredibly haunting but beautiful atmosphere, as is the case with this ghastly masterpiece. <br /> <br /> When he meets the famous writer of the ghastly brilliant stories, Edgar Allen Poe, in a gloomy tavern in London, the young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) accepts a bet from a nobleman, and can spend the night in his haunted castle on the night of souls yesterday. As soon as Foster enters the wonderful castle, the mysterious things begin to happen. After a while, however, he meets a delightful resident of the castle, the amazingly beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). The mysterious events, so far, have been just the preconceptions of the castle beard terrorists, however ... <br /> <br /> The only set of castle alone would be enough to create a gloomy state of mind, the excellent white black cinema and an extraordinary score by Riz Ortolani creates an incredibly haunting atmosphere that is extraordinary beyond comparison. Wonderful Barbara Steele is fantastic as always, I just can not find enough words to praise this wonderful actress. No other actress has ever been able to unite a ravishing beauty with a weird, as is the case with Steele, and no actress will ever be. Besides Steele, the film's distribution contains another amazing beauty, Margarete Robsahm, and it also offers great performance. George Rivière's performance in the role of Alan Foster is great, and the rest of the shows are also very good. "Blood Castle" is remarkable in many departments: Barbara Steele Offers one of the best performances, cinema and locations are beautiful beyond comparison, the atmosphere is incredibly strange ... The film is simply a perfect whole of the atmosphere, the Gothic beauty and art of terror. In short, "The Blood Castle" is one of the most atmospheric and greatest gothic horror films ever made and should not be missed by anyone interested in genre! 10/10
