The actress gains weight, dips her hair, dresses like rats, and loses her brilliance for a role, and Bette Davis was probably the actress who started the trend. Even as a pretty young woman who occasionally wore Constance Bennett designer and make-up clothes in movies, Davis was willing to wander to create a character both inside and outside. determination is demonstrated here in her movie "Breaking the Human," in which she plays with Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis interprets Mildred, a lean, manipulative and greedy life, to Philip, Howard's masochist. He meets him first when he is a waitress and lets him take her to dinner and theater as he battles with a wealthy old man (Alan Hale Sr.). In fact, Mildred is dismissed by the foot of Philip's club. In turn, Philip seems to enjoy the abuse of his open flirtation and his coolness towards him. He allows Mildred to financially bloody between friends who take her down when they bore her, while blowing up some really wonderful women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). When he receives the taste of throwing it out, Mildred pulls himself into the apartment and shakes him, forcing him to withdraw from the medical school and lose his homes. Although Leslie Howard was a wonderful and appealing actor, his acting style is an older formal school and as a result he tends to meet everything he is. He shines in the material as his role, alongside Davis, in "After" or "Petrified Forest," which calls his technique. Her dated actress is even more obvious here because Davis has begun to create a new terrain with a dull performance that really makes her name. If he sometimes sees himself over the top, he came from the stage, and the subtleties of the film would appear later for her. Contrast this performance with her restraint, warmth and gentleness, Henriette, in "All this, and Heaven too" or in the pathos she brought to "Dark Victoria." She was a true actress and a true artist. Davis really lets it look like holy hell; Mildred's damage is absolutely pathetic, as Philip seems to gain strength as her spirit disappears. An excellent movie where we can see the blossoming of one of the biggest stars of the film.
