When we saw that this movie was only 80 minutes, we thought we had problems. The condensation of the gigantic novel Roman W. Somerset Maugham, in a movie that falls below an hour and a half, seemed a disaster that is expected to happen. But you know, the movie is not half bad and even manages to retain much of what makes the book resonate so much with its readers. I've heard that many movie lovers complain that Leslie Howard was an actor's wet ear, and he was, but I can not think of anyone more fit to play Philip Carey than a wet noodle, for sure what is Carey. Howard plays well, which means you want to shake it and put it on your head repeatedly, then take it out and buy a backbone. Ah, and then it's Bette, who Carey is obsessed and who brings the world to collapse around him. I did not know what the land was Mildred's appeal in the book, and the movie stays true in detail. But, as Davis interpreted, she becomes the most fascinating person in the story, and if ugly and untouched, she is at least the most dynamic person on the screen at all times. Davis's performance here is credited with changing the screen course, just as Brando would do almost 20 years later when he shouted "Stella!" in that little-known Tennesee Williams plays and it's not hard to understand why. Davis is intense to the scary point. She does not make any effort to bear any sympathy from the audience, and she lets her look uglier and more unpleasant. Her appearance when Carey recently enters the film to find death or near death from an anonymous illness (though she does not care to hide being an STD) is shocking. Of course, it helps to get rid of this movie before the entry into force of the Production Code; if it was done a year later, you can bet things would have been a little different. Yes, much of the novel and many of its most interesting parts are left on the floor of the cutting room, and the story really gets about Carey and Mildred and nothing else. I have discovered that this is the least interesting and boring part of Maugham's novel, but it is the part that gives the novel the title and seems to be the part that readers are still attracted to now, so it makes me a wise decision maker of filmmakers who chose to adapt the novel as they did. <br /> <br /> Grade: B +
