This adaptation of Somerset Maugham's 1934 novel put Bette Davis on the map as a film actress. She could have won an Academy Award for her performance, but the movies were made in the loan, so her studio did not push her. Its action in this case does not fit well with current standards. As a heartless waitress who plucks Philip, a sensitively medical student around and almost ruining his life, Davis is too bad, almost demonic. Director John Cromwell, who has usually produced good performances from his actresses, was probably overwhelmed by this. Davis can be watched, sure, but so strident and prey that it seems to be somewhat human. I imagine Millie's character as quieter, less feminine than Davis, with a possible touch of the raffle. Davis is such a powerful and immediate presence that there is no smell of mystery to her, which makes Philip's attraction appear more obviously masochistic than it should be. As Philip, Leslie Howard is excellent. His revengeful, somewhat dizzy, is perfect for this failed failure. Nor does it require a personal interpretation, as Dirk Bogarde could have said, which gives him a clear work. He seems to be totally in control here, as it should be, by playing a man with a rational intellect that is in the depth of irrational emotions that he can not manage or even fully satisfy because the subject of his affections moves him ways he can not understand. Howard was a good actor, often cast into the standard romantic parts that forced him to return to the charm he does not use here. It has been so long since I read the book that you do not feel comfortable commenting on the movie's faithfulness to her. I think he captures the spirit of the story well enough and that Howard, a perfect Philip Carey. Sexual subputers are attenuated, and sometimes Philip behaves so masochistically that in the absence of strong sexual feelings, somebody questions the health of the character, certainly not Mr Maugham's intention. Because of Howard's performance, Philip remains firmly in the spotlight, as can be seen in his various answers and desires for Millie, the extremes where a reasonable intellect will go to understand the irrational in himself and in others. <br /> <br /> Generally, a very good film, a bit spicy, sometimes due to its age, evokes London and is mostly driven.
