The story is somewhat sweet, which, with the brutal reversal of the main character, but Leslie Howard's and Bette Davis's portraits of Philip Carey, the naive obsessed boyfriend and Mildred Rogers, the unworthy subject of his affections, raise this film far beyond the standard melodrama. <br /> <br /> Sensitive, cultivated by Philip, who for most of the picture is in bondage to his first infatuation and then his mercy for Mildred is no different than a Howard character was to play for a few years late - Ashley Wilkes, South Gentleman too refined and decent to do so in the rough era of reconstruction. Philip, in fact, seems to have resigned to disappointment just before entering Mildred's film, but he does not even seem particularly surprised when his art teacher tells him he will never do it as a painter. Perhaps this passivity has diminished the expectations that make him reconcile with the selfish waiter at Cockney for as long as he does. Although Leslie Howard is memorable today, "Human Bondage" is primarily thought of as Bette Davis's image, perhaps because of the well-known story of how he had to fight Jack Warner to get Mildred's role, and perhaps because the audience of the film tend to prefer the characters with its energy. Mildred may have a red voice, but she also has the etheric beauty of a glass angel, which makes some sense of why Philip has been wrapped up as long as he has done it. Although the man who eats Mildred can sometimes look dimensional, she sometimes evokes sympathy from the viewer as when he becomes ill and he realizes late that Philip is the only decent man to care for him ever since. One can also think that he is in something when he accuses Philip of looking down on him because he is not good enough. (The scene in which Philip and Norah renounces the magazines of romance as garbage for kitchen servants seems to confirm this). Most support characters are also effective, especially Norah, the romantic writer who loves Philip, but knows she can never compete with Mildred and Sally, who have the beauty of Mildred and Norah's decency and are told the woman deserving of Philip is finally rewarded. The only character I discovered was Sally's aristocratic father, who seems to be a stock person from a previous age. A classic that deserves reputation.
