Bette Davis's electrifying performance is such that it's hard to remember the other female players. They were as perfect in the parts that Davis had in them - they simply did not do much. Some of the reviewers thought the book was much better - it was just to give the film due, to condense a 600-page card to 83 minutes is not a good thing. The first part of the book did not do it on the screen - she talked about Phillip's childhood, then moved to Germany and Paris, where Phillip went to try to act as an artist. Chronicle is also the first love story - with Fanny Price, who kills when he realizes that Phillip can not turn his feelings of love. It's a wonderful book, but rambling and I think anyone who does not think too much about the film should read the book and realize how good the movie is. After realizing that he will never be a mediocre painter, Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) returns to England in hopes of taking medicine. When she meets in a tearoom, she meets a waitress, Mildred (Bette Davis). Even if he has no interest in him and practically treats him as dirt, Phillip is obsessed. It is so hard to pursue your efforts in trying to find any politeness in this vicious evil. In one scene, she promises to meet him in a second-class railroad waiting room, when he almost misses each other, beating him with "why I would wait in a waiting room in second grade when a first class is available ". You just want to shake it. The only time he's comfortable with is when he tells him he's gonna marry another man, a coarse salesman, Emile Miller (Alan Hale). With Mildred on the painting, he meets Nora (Kay Johnson) a beautiful woman who writes romantic novels under a male nickname. She jokes about the popularity that books enjoy amongst the servants (in the novel she saw Mildred reads.) Nora gives Phillip all the love and confidence she needs, but she is unable to turn her love. When Mildred returns (Miller does not marry her and has a baby), of course she takes care of her and helps her with the child (the movie is treated as an object - always called "baby", never given a name or gender ) - rewards him, running away with his best friend. At the hospital she meets Sally Athelny (Frances Dee), who visits her sick father. He begins to visit his home and for the first time in his life he has a family feeling. Then surprise! surprise! Mildred returns like a bad stick and a surprise! Philip takes her in. But he has changed and feels only disgust when he tries to show his gratitude the only way he knows how. Then comes one of the most vicious, verbal fights of the movie with expressions such as "you fall, you dirty pig," "I kissed you just because you asked me," and "when you left I wiped my mouth, I deleted my mouth "!!! There are many Mildred stock phrases in the book, such as "you are a gentleman in every sense of the word," "I do not mind" and "Mr. and Mighty" were associated with prostitutes, and when Phillip meets her for the first time he is hit by it. The end of the movie shows Phillip (being truly free of Mildred in the only possible way), now free to love Sally. Again, in the book, Sally tells Phillip that he thinks he has a baby, but that makes him more sure of his love. This conclusion, like Mildred's "illness", could not be in the movie - even a pre-coded one. Kay Johnson has always been called to play sensitive, credible women - whom she played to perfection as she was obviously sensitive. Nora was the woman Philip would have been with. Frances Dee was one of the most beautiful of the screens. She was obviously being cared for a role with some roles that proved she was not just a beautiful face ("The Silver Cord" and "Money Blood"), but when she married Joel McCrea, her career started to come out. Sally did not push her talent to the limit. It seems that Leslie Howard was not very helpful for Bette Davis on stage - she was angry that an English actress was not given the party. He used to throw his lines "while reading a book outside the room." He began to show interest when a newspaper reported that "the kid ran with the image" !!! Highly recommended.
