Reading websites on Bette Davis is found where the authors claim that there is nothing special about her actor. I even found a site that claimed Bette Davis's success was probably due to her luck. But Mrs. Davis' 1934 films say the opposite. The most obvious example is the two films he made only a few weeks: Frosco over Frasco and The Man's Bond. The characters he has performed in these films, though both are negative, are quite different. Arlene in the first is a beautiful, glamorous and frivolous heritage, and a much more enjoyable character than Mildred in the second, who is a pale, cocky and impudent waitress at Cockney. Needless to say that Mrs. Davis played both the characters very authentic and with the same enthusiasm. But even that's not all. The idea is that the previous role, wanted by most actresses of the day, was the one she was forced to play. The latter role, which seemed to be an unwanted role for most actresses, destroying the career, has been the role he has been fighting for months. And the latter role was released among the greatest stars. So there is no doubt that Mrs. Davis knew from the beginning what she was doing. The movie, which tells of a medical student Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard), who falls unhappily in love with Cockney's waitress, Mildred Rogers (Bette Davis) has a few weekly points but many more powerful. The story is simply too big to say in just 83 minutes. For example, it is quite unclear why the refined student found some interest in a boring waitress first. Well, there is a scene in which we are exposed to the captivating eyes of Mrs. Davis, but when her emotions are already fully evolved. However, the integrity of the story is preserved by Howard and Davis's superior act, as well as Steiner's fantastic music, which tells many emotions even when we do not see the faces of the characters. In fact, the movie is merged with the sequences of motion that Phillip pointed out from behind, complemented with two-tone repeats. Every detail is well thought out - Max Steiner has written a beautiful leitmotif for every woman in Phillip's life, which is constantly used through the film. And a beautiful scene where we see Sally's face in front of the calendar is one of the sweetest scenes I've ever seen, precisely because of Francis Dee's stunning beauty (Mrs. Dee was considered too beautiful to play the lead role in Gone with a Wind), as well as Steiner's captivating music. Room moves between some scenes are also original and refreshing. But the strongest objection is that the events are too bidimensional, which makes the spectators believe that Mildred is a final slut. The most disgusting characters should be men who lure her in the relationship, despite the fact that they know they will abandon her after they use it, but they, curiously, have finished portraying themselves as pleasant characters. After all, Mildred always - in his specific but yet honest way - allows Phillip to know he despises it and has no interest in him. She just refuses to hear. It is the nature of Phillips's masochistic approach to the club's foot and infant experiences, which is the main reason of his love affair. He is enslaved at the club's foot as much as Mildred and probably must be free of both to start a normal life. Of course, the selfish and impudent Mildred, after discovering Phillip's voluntary bondage for her, made his own weight to make his life of hell. Even taking into account the fact that he exploded after realizing that his bondage weakened, it is less than clear why Phillip's money would be burned (Maugham wanted otherwise in his novel). After all, she could steal her and drink sixty liters of champagne. For modern standards, the movie is a bit overtaken, but every time you watch it, you can discover new interesting details because of superiority acting, fascinating music and original editing, so it deserves the highest possible point.
