I like Leslie Howard in his better movies. However, for some reason, his performance in BONDAGE HUMAN has never moved me awesome. I first saw the film on my college campus in 1972, and the reviewer in the college newspaper noted that in the 1930s and 1940s, Howard played alleged roles later taken over by Dirk Bogard as a man who was born to be betrayed . It's not usually the case (I'm thinking of Ashley Wilkes as a man who could be betrayed if he and Scarlett O'Hara were supposed to be an article by Margaret Mitchell - but Ashley loves Melonie, not Scarlett). Howard could play any guy, and a role like RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not one that is betrayed. * (* It can be the case that Philip Armstrong Scott is betrayed by the two foreigners whom he shows hospitality in PARALELA 49, but they are Nazis who consider him - a liberal, western, Canadian - fair play to double the cross during War is not the same as emotional betrayal, and Howard does not sink as a result but faces the Nazis and catches one after they beat him.) I think what the Referee meant was that Howard might be soul-or try to be souls. To confess the poet - dreamer - wandering in THE FORREST PETRIFIED. But that character was only betrayed through history (as he feels his guy is like Humphrey Bogart's gangster). The character of Philip Carey in Somerset Maugham's BONDAGE UMAN is also soulful. He is sensitive for many reasons. He has an interest in art and is trying to become a painter - but unlike the artist Strickland of MONDAY AND SIXTH, he has no real talent. So he decides to focus on medical studies, accentuated by a club foot condition he has. Here he is a man of low self-esteem that is ready to be betrayed. Philip finds betrayal in the form of a waitress Mildred a Cockney (Bette Davis), who is mercenary and as selfish as they come. Why Philip falls for her is not really approached in the movie, but he finds the fascinating woman. And he finds a light meal ticket to him. Ironically, being so captivated by this slut, Philip fails to see two other women interested in him (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) and are better suited to be his partner. He also continues to forgive Davis when dealing with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - the latter being a friend of Howard). While Howard's performance captures Philip's tendency toward Mildred, he does not show enough passion (until the end of the movie when he returns to it). For this reason, it seems to me that I have never liked performance here - it has no reality. Her subsequent insistence, tortured in "GONE WITH THE WIND" she loved Olivia De Haviland, not Vivian Leigh, has a greater consistency with a loved man. But Davis's performance as Mildred makes this important movie. He had a wide variety of songs until 1934 as the deaf pianist's friend in THE MAN WHO GAME GOD or the spoiled heiress who was killed in FOG OVER FRISCO or the secretary of the mouse in THREE ON A MATCH. Like Mildred, she finally showed she could be a major actress playing a selfish bitch. Curiously, her performance was not a single note. While using and abusing Howard for two-thirds of the film, culminating in that famous scene, where she shows how disgusting her kiss she has done, the latest scenes show she might also break down because of her health and disability to keep an honest job. When Howard rejects, the viewers do not see how he gets vicious (he asks what happened to his baby - tells his child that he died, and Howard suddenly says he is glad, which is just the answer he expects). Eventually, Howard takes his life in order, but Mildred ends a victim (ironically, the death of her old lover Denny in a medical call). The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences failed to nominate Davis in 1934 (leading to the largest writing campaign in its history and a permanent change in its rules), but Davis was established as a star. In a year he won the Oscar as Joyce Heth in DANGEROUS. And in two years he played again with Howard (as equal stars) in FORREST PETRIFIED.
