Coming shortly before imposing a code of morality, darkening the spirits of writers, directors, and actors, the first adaptation of W. Somerset Maugham's "The Bondage Human," blocked countless spectators. It has no value for shock today, a very good action. While the cast is excellent, this is Bette Davis's leading role and one of Leslie Howard's best performances. Howard is the English parisian artist, Philip Carey, who is easy to understand that he is out of talent and that his dedication is not a substitute for the true genius. Taking the lesson in the heart, he returns to London and enrolls in a medical college (one by the way, which seems to have no female students - at that time there would have been at least a few.) Perhaps the author / doctor Maugham who has a tea Careas has a tea excited by a waitress, Mildred Rogers, Bette Davis, in a role as a moral and very bad farrago. Her Cockney accent is as sharp as Eliza Doolittle. His repeated attempts to meet her are met with the less enthusiastic answer, "Do not bother me", a sure sign for any man with his head crossed in the direction that he places his depths. Mildred from Maugham completed his waitress tips with a little walking street, which was not clearly presented here. He is desperately in love with her - she plays it as a Sunday church organist who effortlessly kills her instrument. No sex here. Recognizing that he is nowhere, he begins a clear relationship with Norah, a woman who adores him. Reintroduce Mildred, full of a child and her usual need for care. Get out of your heart Norah. Another separation from Mildred and Carey begins a long-term friendship with Sally, enthusiastically supported by her father, who seems to look at the possible marriage as a good thing for the two youngsters and a chance of to be relieved of one of his nine descendants. Reasonable film, but not entirely, follows Maugham's excellent novel. Howy's Carey is naive and vulnerable and for much of the film, his sad eyes remind one of a gentleman who faces a double rifle. Mildred is an unhindered evil, a worst-looking user, her only concern with her own needs, barely disguised as she tries to nail Carey with a thin patina of affectionate words (and offers - at one time promises you he does "want", a bold statement for the time, and he understands it fully. The pre-code might be, but Mildred's rapid dissolution would have been a thank-you to the League of Catholic Decency. the two main stars, one well established, the other set largely because of this movie. The atmosphere is 1930s London and the journey back in time is worth taking. <br /> <br /> Available on DVD. /> 9/10 (for Davis and Howard's performance)
