Bette Davis, "the cockney accent in this movie is absolutely terrible." I totally understand that Americans and other nationalities may not understand this and that's good, but believe me, it's about as good as Cockney's emphasis on to Dick Van Dyke in Mary Poppins, and that was a good load of old pony (he entered London in vernacular - many apologies). The remarkable thing for me is that strange accents and exaggerated action styles do not destroy the power of the movies. is a fascinating piece of cinema, despite its superficial flaws, and must be looked at in perspective. The technical and cultural limitations of filming at that time must be appreciated, and given these limitations, John Cromwell does a very good job directing the camera and enabling the narrative to develop cinematically, rather than only through the maneuver and style dialogue. Good example of his clever direction is the scene set at Victoria Station. It is beautifully designed, shot and edited. Also note the shining photos of Mildred's prostate at the end of the movie; they owe more to the early days of artistic films than the formal, formal, health of the studio to dominate. The themes of the film are universally known and convincing: sexual obsession, unreclaimed love, despised passion, self-indignation, manipulative relationships, social divisions, and youthful madness. Although the dialogue is often confused, the difficult task of describing these themes and the inner lives of the characters is approached well, albeit in a weak way. Some of the scenes of obsession and emotional rejection are awkward to look, but the story does not go down in a cliché; we are aware that the characters (even the poisonous Mildred) are both victims and perpetrators, and that their actions are motivated by their misunderstanding of each other's feelings as well as intentional selfishness. While naive in style, the story reaches the complex heart of the human condition, and the maneuverable nature of the act and the occasional shifts of deletion do not diminish the veracity of the work. from the movies Bette Davis has seen in Hollywood and, while you see him, you are aware that you are witnessing the birth of a famous career. Her unconventional beauty and screen charisma (no one flopped or despised much like Ms. Davis) drew your attention from her first appearance. While hers is surely the memorable show in the film, Leslie Howard is also excellent as the sensitive and fragile student Philip Carey. They are a good combination, however, why why did not it help with that terrible and terrible accent?
