This movie is about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. This is a woman to whom people are attracted. Not because she is a beautiful beautiful girl, but because she is a sexual entity. Now the movie does not go out and says it, but it's obvious. There is a scene in the movie where men go naked over her. She works as a waitress in a cafe, can not read and does not really have anyone to look at, but she's a flirt. It is obvious that male customers in that coffee shop are there because of it. One day Phillip a foot club failed to come to the store to say a good word to his friend, but he becomes nebulous when he sees it. Begin to buy things even pay for her apartment. Meanwhile she sees other people and makes no secret. He is dreaming of her as if she were an angel, but she is not an angel. He is constantly thinking about it. His diplomas at the medical school really fail. So, what nookie is too good. He wants to marry her, but she rejects him because he marries another guy. He always lets Phil know that he does not have feelings of love for him all the time. He is the broken heart, but he meets another woman. They look good, but it's obvious that he's still dreaming about Bimbo. Mildred does not return with a child and is not given. Phillip takes her over again, but starts to go out with a friend of his, the light flashes a little and hits her. She does what she knows she works, so she tries to seduce him, she does not work, and she continues to burn her money. We have a club leg he has problems, even if a street teenager who has the same problem tells him to relax. She meets another girl called Sally, we have a tattoo mount that shows her aging while she squeezes her along, waiting for Mildred. Well, he does not have a school, he can not find a job. Eventually, Sally and her father take him in. Not before another March of Time installation to show it goes down. Soon, his uncle who grew him up dies and gets money to become a doctor. Meanwhile, he discovers that Mildred needs him again. He has TB. Meanwhile, he still leads Sally on Primrose's marriage path and takes a job on a ship's ship. Eventually the bimbo dies and Phillip says he is free now and will marry Sally. I wanted to tell her to do it. Now I know I'm taking my characters will not bring me any point. But I feel Phillip was the bad guy. Yeah, Mildred is a Strumpet, but he knows and he's back. Means while he has two other friends who love him, but he treats them as appetizers. I think sex was not as good. But in any case, the dog awaits Mildred. Not only is the man who receives pregnant Mildred is already married, and when Philip asks him what he plans to do about the baby (apparently the baby's name), he laughs, does not intend to support her and the child, and is rich. Sally's father, who has 9 children, says some pretty ugly things about women, but is said to be an old traditionalist. Philip does not seem to reject his feelings. Men use Mildred as a toy for boys, but the men in this movie went unharmed. Yeah, she was not a respectable woman, but away from a bastard. For me is Philip who had the real problem and was his sexual obsession with Mildred.
