Every Bette Davis movie that deserves to be experienced. Before Davis collaborated with Leslie Howard in "The Bondage Human," she was in a movie. The legend says that Davis was robbed of an Oscar in 1935 for her performance as a cockney-speaking waitress, a mother and a loving handler, Mildred Rogers. The story says that AFI conspired Davis to give her the first Oscar for Joyce Heath's role in "Dangerous". I imagine that Davis fans from "Human Bondage," who agree with the legend of Oscar-robber, will have in contrast to my critique the 1934 film for which AFI did not give her the prize and the 1936 "Dangerous" for which he received his first Oscar in 1937. I tried to see all Bette Davis cinema films, TV interviews, movies, WWII and TV commercials in the popular series. In retrospect, it's easy to recognize why this "Of Bondage Human," gave Davis the opportunity to be nominated for his performance. It was only 25 years when the movie was completed and just to get to the red carpet in Hollywood. The audience began to notice Bette Davis as a star because of his performance in "Of Bondage Human". That's what the legendary show does. But RKO saw its grandeur in "The Man Who Played God," and borrowed it from Warners to play Rogers. I'm going to go with AFI, 41 years after a determined decision to give Davis the best actress Oscar for "dangerous" 2 years later. By doing so, AFI could have been instrumental in bringing the best results to one of Hollywood's most talented actors in the 20th century. Because, from the "De Bondaj uman", Davis knew for sure that he had to get deeper into it to find the shows that won his gold statue. Undoubtedly, it deserves more than 2 Oscars; perhaps as much as 6. "Dangerous" offers an exemplary contrast in the depth of Davis's acting characterization. Because in "Dangerous" (1936), she becomes the greatest actor of the 20th century. Davis is as good as Joyce Heath, he's dead in the red carpet. While in "The Human Bondage," Davis is even on the edge, still on the sidewalk and ready to take off for the rest of his 60-year acting career. Perhaps she would not give that legendary Oscar in 1935, instead of staring, an actor was encouraged to get beyond the sardam in her soul for the greatest work of the talented actor. It is well known that her contemporary opponent was Joan Crawford; a star whose performance still does not fit with Davis. "Even Anna Nicole Smith was a" star. "Howard Stern is also a" star "of the radio host, a lot of people on the stage and the silver screen are stars. have become great actors The major difference between them is something that Bette Davis might feel: the difference between the desire to do a great action or to get hit by the star Try to compare these two movies as I have, seeing one after the other, maybe you will recognize what I did AFI. "Davis was about to become one of the greatest actors of the 20th century at 25yo and reached her target by the age of 27. She spent the next And if AFI sent her the message that she had arrived in "The Bondage Human," the history of Davis's life as a great actor could have been be led instead of "star-struck-dom".
