I thought this would be a sequel to the "Shaolin's 36th Chamber" initially, but in fact it is more of a "sister" with a heart open to the original. Gordon Liu continues to play the role of a hero who would have wanted to learn kung fu to defeat that pessimistic manga ... but this time it's easier and more comedy. The film focuses around the local coloring mill, where wages are reduced due to the employment of 10 new Manshurian leaders. Liu plays "Chao," who is able to trick the mill bosses into thinking that he is a shaolin monk who possesses almost magical kung fu skills. But his luck is leaking, he is exposed as a fraud and promises the workers to come to the Shaolin Monastery to learn kung fu and return to protect them. The comedy really begins at the monastery where Chao makes some attempts to be accepted. This creates a lot of really funny moments and a great fight choreography. Continuing in the tradition of the "36th Chamber", we see all kinds of neat and interesting (and supreme hokey) training in the monastery, as well as the creative use of wooden banknotes as weapons. <br /> <br /> It is also the combination of kung fu and bamboo construction craft. Chao is not accepted as a student at Shaolin, but is built to build bamboo scaffolds for the "10-year restoration" of the monastery. On the DVD I bought, there is a special bamboo construction and the inspiration that director Lau Kar-Leung drew from it. This is a craft of many hundreds (probably thousands) years, and in Hong Kong scaffolds are still made of bamboo even at high heights, although the West only uses steel tubes and clamps. As a result of his scaffolding, Chao develops a special style of kung fu ... when asked what kind of he is, he responds with hilarity to "kung fu scales!" which he tests for the first time during the dust with the monastery's abbot. In the final confrontation with Manchus, there is a dazzling range of creative uses for bamboo poles and bindings. From a comedy perspective, I think it's one of the best kung fu genres. Like a kung fu movie in general, it is also noticeable ... We recommend to anyone!
