After 21 films and three years of work in Hollywood, Bette Davis finally got a role he claimed to be his own and put it as a force to consider. In the role of Mildred Rogers, Davis broke out with a completely reckless role by a poor waitress who became the target of Leslie Howard's affections and already eager to sink his teeth into a role like this, he had no doubt about terrible things of her character to make throughout the film and the terrible transformation she will endure. It was also remarked that her performance here, one of the few things that made this film slightly uneven to be watched, was to be remembered even after two remakes, and the scenes she did in Howard did cinematographic history. > About 85 minutes, the story moves in a beautiful rhythm, telling the story of Philip Carey (Howard), as his life crosses Mildred Rogers again, destructively, again and again. Howard and Davis chemistry are nonetheless nonexistent - Davis claimed much later in an interview when she personally did not care much about Howard's patience with her, it will do even worse (in character) than him like Mildred. However, the two seem strange to one another; their scenes together remain rigid, saved only by the ferocious acidity that Davis brings to her turn and her own nervous presence. Then, again, Cromwell's direction has some self-determination that sometimes fails to come - attempts to fill a space (whenever Davis is not there) with dissolutions and mounts that indicate the passage of time (a time overlaid over a change of Frances Dee). In that style. This was before complicated techniques and angles of emergence appeared and, in essence, the visual story is a simplified, essential translation of the Somerset Maugham - which says a lot, because on 600 pages "The Bondage Human" it was really hard to shoot even then. Consciously, it feels that Philip Carey can be a boring punishment because there is no discernable sexual attraction between him and Mildred, Mildred does not hide his inconvenience from receiving. Howard's performance does not seem to go through an outward emotion - his eyes are constantly sad, his expression is never too distant to be lost (he could be almost a cousin by William Hurt's "crazy" in "The Accidental Tourist" disobedient, wounded, and absolutely passive), but this is part of his character and why he fails to see that other women (played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) become vulnerable to unrequited affections. Interestingly, Johanna's Norah, once she realizes that Carey will never fall for her, is the one who compares the story with her observation that people are tied to other people - she is bound to see Carey as Carey is linked to Mildred, and Mildred is tied to Miller (or men who are acting as a vendor). In her short but memorable scene, she is the one who holds the essence of the morality of the story.
