Returning to the 36th Chamber is one of Kung Fu's classic Shaw films in the '70s and' 80s, the genre of which is equivalent to Hollywood Western spaghetti and protagonist Gordon Liu, counterpart Clint Eastwood in the West. Digitally remastered and a new print made for the Fantastic Film Fest, it's "Shaw Scope", just like in good times. This movie is a simple story good vs. evil, said in three acts, which more or less sum up the narrative of martial arts films at that time. <br /> <br /> Act One sets the premise. Workers in a small village to paint are unhappy with their batch, with a 20% reduction in gangster wages from manchu. They can not do much about their exploitation because none of them is martial arts skilled in taking over the gangsters and their boss. At first, they had little success in making Liu engage in a highly skilled Shaolin monk (one of the best comedy sequences), but their rebellion was exposed when he pushed the limit of credibility, making Act 2 shows the protagonist wishing to return to the mob. However, without the real martial arts, he embarked on a trip to the Shaolin Temple, trying to infiltrate and learn the martial arts against the wicked. After a few moments of sadness, he is eventually accepted by the abbot (he has done) but is disappointed with teaching methods - such as Mr. Miyagi's style in Karate Kid, but instead of painting hedges, he gets to lift scaffolding around the temple. Nothing can keep a good man and he instinctively builds strength, strength, and teaches kung-fu unorthodox. Act 3 is the place where the fest begins. With cheese-like sound effects, each non-contact film on the film has maximum impact treatment. But it's pretty refreshing to watch the battle scenes here with its wide tilted fingerprints to highlight the clarity and detail between the sparring partners and the use of slow motion to display the stunts at different angles. The speed of the battles might be too slow, with some pause between moves, but with Yuen Wo Ping and his style being used in Hollywood movies, they do not make battle scenes as they were in the past! Return to the 36th room, you will receive a repeated examination on Monday, so if you are a game for a nostalgic journey down the lane, what are you waiting for?
