Well, here is another extraordinary example of heavy filmmaking for 70 years! The rudimentary premise of "What's going on with Helen?" is quite shocking and disturbing, but it is presented in such an elegant and sophisticated way! In the hands of any other crew, this would certainly have become a bad explosive story, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?") And screenwriter Henry Farrell ("Hush? Hush? Sweet Charlotte" has become a beautiful and almost delightful mix of themes and genres. The film's basic film is certainly horrible, but there are still many ways to go, such as love stories, the 1930s atmosphere, and lots of songs and dances! The setting is no doubt what makes this movie so unique. We are literally catapulted back in the 1930s, with a sublime picture of music, religion, theater and closets of that era. Following the long and exhausting process that sentenced their sons to jail for killing, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) are fleeing California and are trying to start a new life with a dance school for talented young girls. Especially Adelle adapts perfectly to the new environment, because she falls in love with a local millionaire, but the old deer Helen continues to sink into a downward spiral of madness and paranoia. She just listens to the ramblings of a radio-evangelist, fears she will be punished for the crimes her son has committed and slowly develops violent tendencies. The script, although not entirely defective, is well written and the film is appropriately rhythmical. There is never a boring moment in "What's Helen's Problem," though the sequences of song, dance-wallpaper, and tango are quite extensive and unrelated to reality. But the atmosphere is continuously threatening and the film certainly benefits from the terrible performance of Shelley Winters. It is absolutely scary as the unpredictable and introverted lady who is about to collapse any second and, especially in the last ten minutes or so, looks more stony than all Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers "combine! There are some characters incredible support, which, unfortunately, are a little underdeveloped and robbed of their potential, such as Michèal MacLiammóir, Professor of Crime, Agnes Moorehead as a horrifying mockery, and Timothy Carey, the tedious visitor of the ladies' home. real moments of shock to enjoy the Grand Guignol fanatics among us, but especially the pieces and costumes (even nominated for Oscar!) They are amazing.
