Some of the background details of this story are very, very little based on actual events of the time in which it was placed. The story combines some of the details of the famous Leopold case and Loeb, along with a bit of Aimee Semple McPherson. The story begins with two mothers (Shelley Winters and Debbie Reynolds) being hounded as they leave a courtroom. The crowd seems to have the greatest intention of bodily harm, because their sons have only been convicted of a hungry crime. One person in the crowd apparently weakens Winters' hand as he heads toward a waiting car. Shortly after arriving home, they start to receive dangerous phone calls, so Reynolds suggests that both of them head for the West. Go down and open a dance school. The dance school is a success and it deals with incredibly unpleasant parents who think their child is the next Shirley Temple. One of the parents of these spoiled children is a multimillionaire who is quite beaten with Reynolds and they start to meet. Life seems very good. But when threatening phone calls start again, Winters responds by overturning - behaving as if approaching a psychotic break and retreating more and more into religion - listening to the radio at Sister Alma almost constantly. Again and again, you see Winters on the sidelines and eventually culminate with very bad things! I will not say more, because it could hurt this film suspense and exciting. In many respects, this film is similar to the 1960s Bette Davis and Joan Crawford, such as "Whatever Happened to Baby Jane," "Right Jacket," and "Nanny." While none of them is an intellectual plan, at a kitsch level they are very fun and entertaining. The writing is very good and there are some beautiful twists around the end that make everything very interesting. Winters is great as a fragile and dementia lady, and Reynolds plays one of the sexiest 39-year-old women I've ever seen - and maybe even dancing. My only concern for all this is that some might find Winters' hyperreligiousness in the film a little bit sticky - like a cheap attack on Christianity. At first I felt like this, but when you meet Sister Alma, she looks sincere and not scoffed, so I took Winters' religious zeal as just a sign of madness - which I suppose is all that was intentional. /> <br /> By the way, this movie is packed together with "Who killed Auntie Roo?" - another horror movie Shelley Winters in 1971. Both are very fun ... and quite everywhere!
