I watched (and recorded) this a few years ago on local television, and after I was overwhelmed by it, I later deleted the tape; however, when it was released by MGM as part of a DVD double-featured DVD by Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters for a very affordable price, I could not resist giving it a second-print look.) Actually, I got the DVD a few months ago, but only now, with Harrington, I got to her; fortunately, this time I was more receptive to the film and in fact I now consider it one of the most satisfying ones. WHO HAS BEEN FOST FOR BABY JANE? (1962) imitations (with which writer Henry Farrell shared). The movie offers a splendid evocation of the 1930s Depression America - with its child madness and sensational killing (exploited during the false opening of news); is elegantly made (kudos at Lucien Ballard's cinema and Eugene Lourie's stage design) and boasts an effective score by David Raksin. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds and Michael MacLiammoir offer excellent performance; the latter is particularly impressive as a dictator coach larger than vividly and vaguely sinister (though ultimately proving a red herring!). Also presented are Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead (she is just a cameo, indeed, as the evangelist she plays is most heard from the radio). Many seemed to regret the inclusion of children's musical numbers (including an amusing imitation of Mae West), but I personally was not disturbed by them; the film surpasses its expectations with an unforced pace and a complicated plot (perhaps unnecessary). Reynolds - a musical star in itself - is ideally presented as the owner of the dance school and, despite their on-set rivalry, she and Winters work well together. The latter in fact offers a more balanced representation of paranoia and madness than in WHOEVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO? (1971); the story comes with a series of ironic interferences that led to the Grand Guignol division. Apparently, the movie was clipped down (originally contained more gore and even a suggestion of lesbianism!) Producer Martin Ransohoff - against Harrington's wishes - to get a PG rating ...
