The most bizarre of the cinematic sub-genres is the so-called "The Great Ladies of the Grand Guignol": horror film of the camp that combines the melodrama on top with gothic and always played by the actress led and almost forgotten since the golden age of to Hollywood in unfounded roles, or to long-suffering victims, or to harp evil harps. This kind gave them an unusual showcase, which allowed them to gather their stuff back on the screen and win new generations of fans at the expense of their glamorous images of yesterday. "What's Happening to Helen" is the last drop of this sub-genio with amazing performance by both Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as troubled mothers of two convicted criminals fleeing their past in sunny California in the 1930s to open a talented school to breastfeed mothers looking forward to their daughters being the next Shirley Temple. In California, Debbie gets happiness, clients, tango, dancing and new love interest (Dennis Weaver, while Shelley receives a wacko with horrible flashbacks, threatens with anonymous calls, threatens with strangers, threatens Agnes Moorehead as a radio evangelist, and an unlucky encounter with an electric fan (ouch!) The unwanted script (written by Henry Farrell, the man who started this genre with "whatever happened to Baby Jane" along with director Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis) (with Debbie and Shelley's characters as "failed mothers" and arrogant mothers (Debbie and Shelley's relationship and the fact that the few The masculine characters of this movie are either sinister or even polished dream dream ship Dennis Weaver Texan) are lost. Debbie Reynolds musical interludes and tots dance, though fun to watch to take too much screen time of what is supposed to be a psychological chiller. But this whole movie is very fun. The two stars and Curtis Harrington's elegant direction easily overcome their defects. The recollection of the 1930s is colorful and stylish (look at Debbie's clothes!) Made with a very tight budget. The growing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is truly creepy, with a shocking end that will haunt you for days. And you have not easily forgotten that bad song "Goody, goody" going through the movie. And seeing an increasingly crazy woman Shelley Winters screw all the chances of Debbie Reynolds of happiness is a hoot to watch! 8 out of 10.
