I think the business with this movie is that it has about two minutes of really funny moments and makes a very good trailer and a lot of people have come up with expectations from the trailer and this time the film does not live up to the trailer. It's a bit slower and pulls a little slow for such an exciting premise and I think I see from the comments of people who have a love / hate relationship with this movie. However, if you look at this film for what it is and not for what the distribution talent could have in mind, I think it's still pretty good. Julia Stiles is clearly the star, she is so giddy and carefree, she has set it up according to everyone else, she just shines and the whole audience falls in love with her along with Lee. The rest of the camp, of course Lee's testosterone colleagues, his stylish mother-in-law, his boyfriend, Jim and his bride to do all, do an excellent job of fitting into the stereotypes of compliance and boredom that make Stiles star row. <br /> <br /> Lee does not live up to his cost, I do not think, but you could see this as being more difficult to live. Perhaps this is a source of disappointment. The film itself, in spite of a bit of slowing down and some jokes that are not as fun as the writer intends, is still quite funny and I found a smart movie. The themes of compliance and "taking the safe way" seemed to be intelligent on several layers. For example, there was the whole reason they imagined scenarios but would never act on them until the last scene or listen to a radio program on the highway talking about how everyone is conforming or how the whole thing blair julia stiles the characters said and done was reiterated by those topics of a person being the safe choice and one being the risky choice. The other good thing about the film was that it was sort of a screwball comedy in which Jason Lee must keep his film culture and who, by chance (for example, the type of pharmacy that becomes a good chef) and a certain intelligence from its part, is mostly removed. > <br /> While it was not as funny as I expected and there was a bit of scatter talent, but it's still a good movie in general.
