Wonderfully filmed between The STRANGER, a small-picture film that has proven that Welles can make a formidable genius on budget and timely and has ironically proven his box office's greatest success in the 1940s and MACBETH, a Shakespeare adaptation without a budget, Sheets in 23 days, comes THE LADY FROM SHANGAI, a black film woven from the same Wellesian mythical cloth covering MAGNIFICENT AMBERSON, MR. ARKADIN and any other film the director has failed to save from the clutches of studio bosses. Six years after THE MALTESE FALCON, with the post-war madness of the noir film in full swing, Welles, always before his time, a true visionary director of extraordinary artistic integrity, imagined a labyrinthine world of shadows that is already darker, more sinister, more paranoid and more serious than what his contemporaries at that time did. No wonder the movie was so misunderstood in its day, until it was forever a single hour of hours in the floor of the cutting room, and Europe was once again a champion as another classic Welles. /> Certain sets are distinguishable. The aquarium scene, with its flickering light and amazing shadows, and of course the Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors final, which is as classical as a Wellesian brave piece like any of CITIZEN KANE or THE TRIAL. The only mistakes I've made with the film are the Irish accent I have seen inappropriately, and perhaps some of the irregular editing in the first act. However, the story unfolds in a fascinating progressive fashion, which cuts only serve to intensify. I think the very large versions of Shangai and Ambersons get a surreal quality for what matters. Welles will be exiled to Europe for ten years and will return in 1958 to deliver yet another classic stonewall, the monumental TOUCH OF EVIL, perhaps the crown jewel of the noir movie, which was already in her old days. Shangai was not the box office success, a Hollywood premiere star star Rita Hayworth should have been, and Welles' marriage to Hayworth ended before the release of the film. Sixty years later and an hour less films, Shangai is still one of the best movie noir films he's likely to discover. Sure it must count for something.
