It's not such a big movie that many people think (including my late aunt who said she was her favorite movie). But thanks to the better sections of the noir movie, especially the famous "fun house", THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI has gained an important position beyond its true value as a key to Orson Welles' failure to conquer Hollywood. <br /> <br /> In 1946, Welles' position as a Hollywood figure was mixed. CITIZEN KANE has not been recognized as a great movie he has seen since, due to the way he was attacked by Hearst Press and Hollywood insiders. Welles' temptation to completely control (the direction, production and role) of his films seemed to threaten the whole system. The best job in this period was Edward Rochester in Jane Eyre, supposedly shot by Robert Stevenson, but actually shot largely (with Stevenson's blessing) by Welles. But the credit was given to Stevenson. Only STRANGER, a film that benefited from a post-war interest in the fleeing of Nazi war criminals, has made a profit. For five years at Hollywood, it was just a great record. Welles returned to Broadway in 1946, hoping to regain critical skills through his production WORLD WITHIN 80 DAYS. But, despite Mike Todd's and Cole Porter's assistance composing the score, music was a failure. His failure occurred at the same time, while his wife, Rita Hayworth, was in full swing with GILDA portraits. So marriage was going on the stones. Welles had to make money - his production on Broadway led to his personal bankruptcy. He sold his interest in Todd's possible film (which he eventually did) and he also sold the idea of ​​a film about Henri Desire Landru's career to Charlie Chaplin (and who turned it into MONSIEUR VERDOUX). The story says that Welles, with a $ 10,000 tax bill to worry, called Cohn and offered to make a film with Rita for a prepayment. Cohn was willing to do this, but, of course, he asked what the film was. It was a wise question. Welles was on a pay phone in New York in a pharmacy with a book department. He grabbed a book called THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI and said it was a great thriller. Somehow Welles convinced Cohn usually that Welles knew what he was talking about. Cohn said he would seek his rights and sent Welles the advance payment of $ 10,000. After Cohn closed the phone, Welles bought the book and read it and found it was very bad. He spent time rewriting treatment and a scripture that would enhance Rita's character by Elsa Bannister. Of course, it has a strange development. Michael O'Hara is a sailor / sailor. He saves Elsa Bannister, when apparently attacked by gangsters in a San Francisco park. Elsa is married to Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane), a criminalized lawyer with a great reputation. He persuades him to hire Michael as the captain of the yacht. The cruise also includes Bannister's sincere partner, George Grisby (Glenn Anders), and one of Sidney Broome (Ted De Corsia), who turns out to be a detective hired by Bannister to watch Elsa. When they and Michael and Elsa are trying to find time together, but Broome or Grisby continues to show up. Grisby makes Michael an offer - he wants (for reasons linked to the so-called fatalist vision of modern society) to give up on it, claiming they are dead. According to Grisby (the plot gets messy here), he can still collect his life insurance (though dead?) And use it to flee to the South Seas. He'll pay Michael $ 10,000 if he pretends to shoot Grisby. This includes signing a document that admits murder (Michael does not realize that such admission would eliminate the need to produce a corpse if all the other evidence suggests that Grisby is probably dead). the Grisby course is murdered, and Michael is arrested for that, and for Broome's murder (shot with Michael's gun). Michael is being tried with Bannister in his defense and discovers that the latter is doing a job twice because he wants Michael to be convicted. Michael is convinced that Bannister is the real killer and manages to escape just before the jury's verdict. He is beaten and deposited in a deserted carnival, and this leads to the famous "fun" sequence and the end of the film. It's a terribly confusing film (as I commented). That does not mean it is not worth it - it is visually striking. Witness the fight between Michael and the police in the judge's quarters where the bailiff beats the judge's library, crushing the bottle. Or the smart use of photography to capture Hayworth's diving from a rock, reflected on Grisby's lecheros binoculars. The actor is pretty good, especially Sloane (probably the best actor's best film role). Glenn Anders was a lead singer on Broadway. He rarely made movies before THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI, and Grisby, slim, is unforgettable. Also, Ted De Corsia is doing well with Broome - a detective looking for his own interests at his own expense. As for Hayworth, it turns into a performance different from most of what she did before (blood and sand, the stories of MANHATTAN and BLOND STRAWBERRY are exceptions) and is a memorable siren. Welles' O'Hara is a very unusual character for the actor - a loving, but naive person who learns not to believe what he wants to believe in secretly. It's not KANE, AMBERSOMS, OTHELLO, TOUCH OF EVIL or CHIMES AT MIDNIGHT, but it's a good movie for all this.
