Despite Rita Hayworth's love, finding the last few sequences of the exciting film and the aptitude to appreciate some of the "symbolic" aspects of the more subtle cinema, The Lady in Shanghai did not go enough for me. I had a problem with most performance, scenario and general structure. And in a movie that in most cases people talk to each other in different situations, it's a pretty big problem. The lady in Shanghai has reached a very low level "C", or a 7, for me. The lady in Shanghai is really everything about the character of Orson Welles, Michael O'Hara. O'Hara sees Elsa "Rosalie" Bannister (Rita Hayworth) in Central Park on a stroller ride and hits her. Later, he saves her from a mess and takes a glow. O'Hara is an Irish sailor, and Elsa Globetrotrie is going to hold a yacht with her husband, Arthur (Everett Sloane), a highly respected and powerful defense lawyer in California. Talk to O'Hara to work for them, despite his initial reserves-it seems to the audience, that Elsa is just looking for someone to have an affair with and that O'Hara does not want to get involved. Shortly after working on their yacht, a stranger, George Grisby (Glenn Anders), who says he is Arthur's partner, appears in a port of call and starts to awaken. Eventually, Grisby asks O'Hara to enter a very dubious and dangerous scheme. Nonsense, O'Hara agrees. Of course it makes him a bit of trouble, and finally, a series of mysteries are revealed. Perhaps my problems with the film are that, up to now, I'm not exactly a big fan of Orson Welles, and here he produces, writes, directs and consumes most of the time on the screen. I have never seen any closeness to most of Welles' works, but I tended to like the movies later when it became a bit more campy and performance. I love F for Fake (Vérités et mensonges, 1974), and I enjoy his performance at Casino Royale (1967), when he bizarably insisted he would have allowed to make magical tricks at a baccarat table, but Citizen Kane 1941) has never done much for me despite having offered 3 or 4 chances over the years (including about a year ago, my rating being 7 - the same as my current score for The Lady in Shanghai ). <br /> Welles' performance and the dialogue he has written for himself are so impatient and demanding for me. It's a bit of motormouth, a bit of a boor, and a bit monotonous - he tends to sound like he reads. His performance reminded me of what we saw in Welles' version of Moby Dick (listed on IMDb in 1999, but "completed" in 1971) can also be seen in Orson Welles: The One Man Band (1995) just read on the camera and believe it is inherently, dramatically sublime. I'm also someone who almost never complains of accents but somehow Welles manages to make Irish accent sound affected and pretentious for me, As for the other shows, I can only say I thought Hayworth did a great job, of course it's gorgeous, it does not hurt ... Eye candy here ... Like Welles, Sloane looked a bit hurt and pretentious for me - I never bought his character, handicap and so on, and Anders is simply bizarre, where it does not seem bizarre. Welles often shot him nearby and Anders almost always he has an exaggerated and exaggerated manic expression on his sweaty face. Structurally, The Lady in Shanghai is very uneven. The first 50 minutes are extremely gentle and soap-operative, although the soap operas tend to be approached from a tortuous bow. Once Grisby presents his scheme, things rise a little and, especially, improve as we get to the end. But until the movie "The Lady from Shanghai" becomes a crime / mystery movie, it is too little too late and quickly turns into a drama in the courthouse before the sudden, thrilling end that comes close to nowhere and is too fast for his relative's excellence. The end is more action-oriented, less difficult, more varied, and more exotic in settings, and sometimes quite abstract. Welles deals with this combination of material as a director. If Lady of Shanghai had largely been a combination of murder and mystery stuff, it could easily have been at least 9. The final scenes are easily 10 as Welles passes from a Hitchcockian suspense scene to - The Chinese Opera House in San Francisco is in another scene of suspense in a Chinese amusement park. The funub culmination uses an experimental cinema for his time. It is well integrated with the script because it allows for a complex resolution and combines a lot of symbols. Cinematography is interesting, even though it usually can not compensate for the problems in the foreground. Welles blocks scenes with skill. There are plenty of attractive film settings from Central Park to Acapulco to various locations in San Francisco. Welles effectively creates symbolic backgrounds for its action, ranging from Acapulco's high heights and precipitations to the caribbean streets such as the labyrinth, beautifully framed photographs and San Francisco aquariums, and so on. Romantic material, for which the aquarium serves as a backdrop, is interestingly tempered with some sort of anxiety throughout the film, but on the other hand, it makes romance never work as a love story. the Welles fans will appreciate Shanghai's Lady much more than I did and of course it's worth an hour if you love Rita Hayworth. The lady in Shanghai is not a terrible movie, in my opinion, but it is dangerously close to not "pass". Proceed with caution.
