The lady in Shanghai is strange even to the standards of his eminent director, Orson Welles, whose last Hollywood film has been for many months. It is a kind of postmodern film noir made during the period when many conventional films of this kind were quite popular and refers to a lucky lucky Irish sailor (played by Welles) who falls with a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth, who was married to Welles at the time), and her infirmity, and perhaps the impotent husband, played with a gruesome Gusto, malicious by Everett Sloan. A long journey at sea is followed by Welles as a bodyguard, and the plot thickens when Sloan's rightful partner (Glenn Anders) starts and starts to trouble giving strange words about suicide and other morbid topics that suggest that man is at the margin of mental breakdown. A murder plot is taking place and all sorts of calamities happen to Welles and his employers, and at this moment the story, fuzzy and narrative at a dizzying rate so far, goes out of the way, and the last part of the film consists of glowing directorial pieces that seem to have been thrown to give the film some of the story and the urgency the story does not have, by itself, and the result is a very observable and often miserable misunderstanding whenever incomprehensible. > <br /> It's hard to know what Welles was trying to do with this movie, unless he could revive his career in Hollywood, making a vehicle for his wife. But the self-destruction intervention intervenes, as is often the case with Welles, and Miss Hayworth has never looked less. That she is also cast as a fatal female seems weird, as apart from her beauty a most appealing trait as the personality of the screen was lovableness, a quality she does not possess in this image. The director himself is strangely unattractive and hammy to O'Hara, The (probably) malleable sailor, since Welles, for all his many gifts, was not known as an easy man to work with. This is a role that, twenty or thirty years later, Sean Connery or Robert Shaw could have been breathing alive. Welles does not. The most interesting feature in the film is Glenn Anders, in the role of Grisby, Sloan, a deceptive partner. Anders does wonders with the side, and is photographed to look bizarre, while the scenes end up at strange, sour notes, and are often edited choppily; but for all of this, he manages to make Grisby's mistake, palpable and disturbing, and awaited, in a wonderful way, the most flamboyant actors of the 1950s, such as Timothy Carey. There is a question that damn about this movie: what was Welles trying to say? He was a very talented and intelligent man and tended to make statements in his films, which, whether they agree with his worldview or not, were brilliantly taken out. I think I have one or a partial answer: Welles has summed up his film career. He had reached the end of his rope in the Hollywood studio system he despised, and he knew it. The lady in Shanghai is not even a wonderful one at the studio mogul of the day, but I suspect that in the portrait of the amoral rivaling big lawyers (read: producers) expressing Welles' opinion of Hollywood power brokers. It is said to have been portrayed as a rogue sailor. Welles himself was certainly a neighboring traveler, and he rarely lived in one place for a long time. He was hired by a studio to provide a great, prestigious film (Citizen Kane), which caused a storm of controversy that did not fully recover. This may be the problem that does not dare to speak his name in this film, which is to say Welles personal failure in not overcoming the shock of his novelty in the film colony, and his inability to deliver goods as he promised. The mere fact that he was returning to Hollywood, as well as his mere presence in the film, could not prevent the disasters much beyond his control. The fact that he appeared in the film as an amiable, naive outsider shows a lack of self-knowledge of Welles. He was much more than an internal player than him, and I imagine he despised his knowledge of the worldly aspects of life and he knew so much.
