In NYC, sailor Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) saves Elsa Bannister (Rita Hayworth) from a blow and rape while making a horse and transport through Central Park - and lives to regret it. Hayworth with her hair with titian hair is a platinum blonde in this; like a snow like a fresh snow - but nowhere more pure ... <br /> <br /> To reveal more of the complicated plot in this seminal noir would be a killer. It is as deceptive as the mirrors used in the cataclysmic effect in the final scenes - but the film has much darker secrets: From The NY Times: The "Shadows of Childhood: The Hidden Story of the Black Dahlia Crime by Mary Pacios" Mary Pacios, At the age of 5, when Bette Short was 15 years old, she resumed Short's footsteps, interviewed friends and associates, and offered a detailed, even speculative, analysis of Orson Welles, especially about the film "The Lady From Shanghai." According to Mrs. Pacios, the film, along with the related archival material, has many of the same ritualistic elements associated with Short's murder, which raises the question: could Welles be the killer? Interesting theories - and a lot Fritz Lang "brutal" Noir, "The Big Heat" (1953), was a novel-a-clef telling about the killing of "Dahlia" in "The Dahlia Black" Th It's City Of Nets, "which was LA-but Opson Orson is" Dahlia "had a" hands-on "connection. In fact, it was Bugsy Siegel (and the Hollywood Mafia Wars of the 1940s) who made "Dahlia" in ... but that does not contradict too much what Pacio wrote. Almost all Hollywood has intersected with Elizabeth ("The Black Dahlia") Short and her story / aura / legacy / curse is coded in a series of Golden Age movies. "Black Dahlia" the peripheral edges of "Shanghai" - just before shooting begins. Barbara Payton on Franchot Tone: "It was when she was thinking about doing" The Lady From Shanghai, "before losing Orson Welles' choice. Franchot said he was in a bad mood about that business when he entered in Dahlia in the Formosa Cafe * over Goldwyn Studios ... * * The floor above Formosa's café was Bugsy Siegel's office and "The Dahlia," one of his girls again / stopped working "girls." <br /> <br /> It becomes deeper and darker - After striking Barbara Payton in 1951 between Tom Neal and Franchot Tone, who sent Franchot to the hospital with a contusion and "never talked in the same "" Dahlia "(who does not?) And became obsessed - From" LA Despair "by John Gilmore:" A " killed in January 1947, the beautiful actress Elizabeth Short, known as "The Dahlia Black", was one of the most serious murders in the annals of modern crime. A project called "Who killed the black Dahlia?" was released by actor Tom Neal, a filmmaker, potential producer Gene Harris: "Someone will have to come up with a more imaginative business proposal than what Tom Neal and his cohorts have presented ..." Not long after: It would be very clear that a beautiful day will come when Tom will slip on his beautiful new wife, Palm Springs, who puts her on the couch and throws her with a 45-degree bullet. "Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty later Marilyn Monroe) know "Dahlia" and their stories are well known. It seems that all who have crossed the path of Dahlia (like the proverbial black cat) entered a dark Twilight Zone and / or had an incredible amount of luck afterwards. Tone / Neal / Welles are just a few - and this movie includes a movie called "The Lady From Shanghai" ... "Lady From Shanghai" lasted two years to be released, - and - because Colonel Harry Cohn could not understand the story. It is dark "noir" to be sure - one of the darkest, in fact. It's also a bad satire for life in the new atomic age. Nicolas Christopher: "Shanghai" pushes an insidious subtext of nuclear apocalypse and contains the definitive noir statement on the atomic bomb and the American city. The main victim of the film (and many of them), a psychotic and double lawyer, predicts Armageddon every step, claiming he can "feel." He announces that he intends to flee to a remote Pacific island, a truly acid joke from Welles, since it was the very year in which the US began testing atomic bombs in such a place, the Bikini Atoll, relocating all the inhabitants and destroying ecosystems. Until now, Hayworth's erotic identification of the bomb seems to have been institutionalized, with the blessing of the military; the first bomb descended on the Pacific Testing Field called "Gilda," and has the image of Hayworth in a provocative dress, painted directly on the carcass ... "Ironically, Irson's broad interpretation of Orson Welles is considered to be detrimental to the film to many.Weles gives a clue to viewers that "Michael O'Hara" is just the storyteller - is not part of the story even if it revolves around "O'Hara" contradicts the shark "Elsa Bannister" causes a feeding frenzy during the process "O'Hara" and his netted chapeau suggest that he is in the home so he does not devour human viewers in a Roman collector. The spectators are in a frenzy to feed them, gossip and wearing about "Elsa "- a human aquarium correlated with the San Francisco Maritime Museum sequence. This is the human condition ... except" Michael O'Hara "is spending his life trying to forget his past (" Elsa ") - or "Elsa" is part of "Michael" and the story eats its own tail in the end and the viewer is warned to no longer have problems.
