It's very hard to say just what happened to "The Lady from Shanghai" and what could be the movie without interference in the studio. Orson Welles' first interest in the film was to raise money for his theater; Indeed, the financing of their own projects is what caused it to look for jobs. He made "Lady from Shanghai" because soon he would be his ex-wife, Rita Hayworth. Harry Cohn was afraid of Rita's image and kept back the release of this film for a year. The complaint relates to an Irish sailor, Michael O'Hara, who falls in love with Else (Hayworth, astonished with short, blond hair). Her husband is a well-known criminal actor, Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane), who is just as injured inside as he is out. He pledges O'Hara to work on his yacht and there O'Hara is deeper and deeper in a network of murder and deception. "Lady in Shanghai" is moving at the pace of a snail, although I agree with one of the posters of today's films that they are criticized for taking the time to build a plot. Still, this movie shoots. The scene in the fun house is fantastic - Welles wanted it without music, though, and I think the studio cut it off. It's a shame. The photo over the years is amazing, atmospheric, daring and very stylish. Welles was an excellent actor, handsome in his youth, charismatic and possessing a magnificent voice and technique, but in many films, if he does not trust himself or does not take the time to develop a character. Instead, it is based on external elements, such as false accents and nose. One of the only moments he did not do was "Tomorrow is forever," where the director gets an excellent and deeply felt performance. In contrast to Compulsion, he shows he is a master of pure technical action, as he calls in his show. Here, Welles makes a quadruple duty - as a director, star, co-writer, and narrator. Spinning a completely useless and intense emphasis was a quick path to a characterization. However, he is always convincing. Supportive players are excellent, including Sloan and Glenn Anders. Hayworth, gorgeous and with a good voice (her song was once again called by Anita Ellis) is like a full goddess and one of the great screen shots. What a sad life for such a vibrant beauty. Any film that director Orson Welles deserves to be seen, and "The Lady of Shanghai" is no exception. But this leaves the frustrated viewer, just like "The Ambersons Magnificent" - just like any work Welles did in the studio. He was a great artist who ought to have a more liberal reign; it was not. He was a strange dichotomy - he needed more freedom, but as some of his later works demonstrate, he needed the structure of the studio. Unfortunately, it could not have both.
