This could have been the definitive noir movie of all time, if Columbia studios did not cut Orson Welles' original copy so much. What remains to us is an erroneous but brilliant film that features Welles' overwhelming talent as actor / director and Rita Hayworth as a serious dramatic talent. "The Lady From Shanghai" is the most sweet and confusing noir. Welles, with an uneven accent, interprets Michael O'Hara, an Irish monk who, after a fatal encounter with Elsa Bannister (Hayworth, in a GREAT interpretation) seductive, dangerous, finds himself virtually forced to accept a place her work and her husband's yacht (Everett Sloane). Elsa, or "Rosalie" as Michael likes to call her, plays the innocent, helpless doll very well, catching O'Hara on the internet. While lovers are engaged in an unhampered business at sea, Arthur Bannister's partner in law firm, George Grisby (Glenn Anders), comes on board. He is a strange and unbelievable figure that gives Mihai a unique proposition: he will receive $ 5,000 to assist Grisby in falsifying Grisby's death, so he shows murder. The plan is for Michael to descend a technique and run into the sun with Elsa. But things do not go to plan. Hayworth offers us one of the best female females of all time in a very ambiguous portrait. Sometimes she seems to be really vulnerable and childlike, to brutal, tired and difficult people in the world. She's always beautiful, no matter if she's calling her to drink something wet in a bathing suit or black dress, throwing a gun. Hayworth is beautifully photographed here, and she's a far cry from her famous "Gilda" role. Her husband, Orson Welles, interrupted her closing operations for a colorful blonde culture (angry with Columbia chief Harry Cohn). It was a terrible marketing story, and the change fits perfectly with the changed attitude. She is not a fatal femme who is a "Guild", here - instead, she is a dwarf and black woman who sees murder as a very useful option. The Welles and Hayworth ties came in when the couple had extreme difficulties in their marriage. They would divorce after the movie was made, so it is also a curiosity to offer a vision in the complicated relationship. They are hateful, not Romanian, so it's hard to judge if they have real chemistry on the screen. Surely, every meeting is strong and full of gross sexuality, with Welles as "autumn" (even in the movie) and Rita as a double babe. <br /> <br /> Welles' character is typical noir "drifter" with too much sense. As Welles' voice proves to be used, O'Hara really does not use his brain "he expects to think of her (Elsa)." Welles usually play intelligent, charismatic boys, so his reward here, like Michael, is unusual and very interesting. Indeed, Welles was a talent actor and he does well. Everett Sloane is slim like Hayworth's husband. One wonders why he is hiring Michael. It is obvious that his wife is romantically interested in him, why invites a "threat" on board? An interpretation might be that Michael offers his wife's "service", which Bannister can not have in his sick state. There is certainly something about this theory, with many implications for Elsa's behavior before she meets her husband (was she a kind of prostitute?) And Grisby's knowledge of Bannister's most intimate secrets, which were suggested in more scenes. br /> This is a pitiful, complicated film with a plot that is eventually erroneous. We are more interested in the love triangle than in the plot of murder than most of the novels. Welles offers us many of the most brilliant cinematic moments, including the culmination of the "Mirror Hall". It's an extraordinary scene, an end that can almost eliminate the mistakes in the movie before and raise it in greatness. This scene of the fun house is visually stunning, with a sense of Dali on the painted sets (apparently Orson painted them himself). Subtle visual images used by Welles for film enhance the plot and make it a thoughtful experience. Dialogue is incorrect and confusing, gorgeously offered by the alternate voice, Rita rude, helpless, the little girl high. Hayworth proves her capabilities to act on this and proves that SHE is the last fatal female of noir. It is a sin (just a slight one because Rita was a bright dancer) that she made so many lovely, but spontaneous and often forgotten music for Columbia in the 1940s instead of noir as the theme. She was a brilliant actress when she was given the chance to show her talent. <br /> <br /> 9/10.
