The first mystery is to guess how Welles' original film was. This makes this a real adventure - to see an incomplete skeleton and to use cinematic criminality, imagine the beautiful woman she once endured. If you do, you will see and experience perhaps one of the best mystery movies ever. As a mystery, the narrative is quite common: a simple diversion, a jealous husband like a red herring. What is rather miraculous is Welles' placement of the story in an artificial eye, seeing a dark and dark world with many facets. The first real noir, but even darker. It's not a world obviously twisted unless you think about the room. What we see first is someone creating a vocabulary that would later become common. <br /> <br /> For all the celebration, Kane was a success because of the great drama and stories. The eye of the room was shocking, but experimental. Welles would go from there to explore the narrative of mystery and Shakespeare's self-referencing with this eye. Othello and MacBeth started both at this time, and I consider them part of a single vision with this. <br /> <br /> Noir feels here depends on the idea that people are not responsible for their lives, even a little - they are being manipulated by random factors in the environment. So, telling this story, Welles has to turn the environment into a character. More characters as suspects in mystery. Therefore, we have the famous lighting, lock and angles we know (and since then we have seen many times). And we have the sets deliberately closed: the park, the yacht, the picnic area, the aquarium, the dock, the meeting room, the Chinese theater and the funhouse. I am sure that what has been cut off by the barbarians has been a lot of "external" narratives dealing not with character, but with these weird environments. My solution to mystery is that amusement made it among other characters introduced as suspects. In other words, the manipulation of the black Irishman (which we know from the notes and a scene written in the trade union hall was an aspiring novelist) was not a force of the human conspiracy (the civilized version, the courtroom) or nature (the picnic or civilized version, aquarium). Instead, it was a matter of deliberate whims of gods for fun. This is, of course, a self-referral to what Welles does: putting these people (including himself) through hell for their own whim, a problem highlighted by the Peking Opera with doping Welles. And, of course, it leads to the funhouse where the environment surrounds the perception. More About Self-Reference: There is certainly a conscious commentary on his relationship with him soon to be exwife. But I think there is a strong subconscious comment on his own transgression of the environment in which he worked, the studio environment. Of course, Welles was just as deceived and in the same way with his character. And that deceptive took the form of killing this film, leaving the body of rot mentioned at the beginning of this comment. Rita came from China, the connection between her and the Chinese theater. the uprooted rape, the woman's loss. Investing in the environment beyond all.
