While watching one of Orson Welles' recent contributions to Hollywood as a director, I knew I was looking at an extraordinary movie, though sometimes I did not know why. The story of The Lady in Shanghai has primary elements of the film-noir: Joe's average media, fatal females, visible support characters, and a comprehensible structure if to some extent complicated. It's a fun walk and is filled to the fullest with Welles 'unique gifts as director, but there are scenes that tend to not work or feel complete in Welles' complete vision (unfortunately the latter is unfortunately too true - Executive Producer Harry Cohn and Colombian executors are to blame for that). Welles collaborates with his wife, Rita Hayworth, with his wonderful depth, with Mike O'Hara, an Irish worker who can get angry with the right people. Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who played Mr. Bernstein in Citizen Kane), who is accompanied by a friend Mr. Grisby (Glenn Anders, who has great control in his eyes). They want to go to their yacht and take O'Hara along the journey and at first be reluctant, but he agrees because he falls for the married lady. When their journey takes place, O'Hara discovers that Bannister and Grisby are not pleased to be around, and more with Grisby, who at first seems to come out of his gourd. However, as he meets, O'Hara is attracted to a scam that Grisby plans for insurance money, with results he dares not reveal (although they have been discussed again by others). Regardless of the debts that appear here and there in the mystery part of the story (and those notable moments in which the photographs were dictated by the studio), the performance and appearance of the film remain stunning after over fifty-five years. Although not having the terrible Greg Tolland (DP Kane), Charles Lawton Jr. helps Charles Welton create a stylish and tight atmosphere, covered by shadows, deep focus, small angles, works. A special achievement is the mirror scene of the fun house, which is only a climax among others. Welles himself is always trustworthy as an actor - even though his emphasis is not something special - and Hayworth himself makes a little more lush scene despite her own way in the story. <br /> <br /> Lady in Shanghai deserves to be checked, especially for Welles, Hayworth or the noir movie fans (Coen brothers fans might find this fascinating). It may take a while, repeat the views (as it was for Touch of Evil), for the reasons behind the plot to sink you.
