After CITIZEN KANE, in 1941, the Hollywood directors turned their backs with cob-webbed to the great Orson Welles. With the exception of Kane, Welles has lost all creative control on AMBERSONI MAGNIFICIENI, FEAR TRAVELERS and many other films to come. Welles was an innovative and creative genius, the most unconventional filmmaker, when Hollywood needed more. LADY FROM SHANGHAI is another example of the incomprehensible view of Welles' films at the time, a film that seems a bit tangled and ineffective. It has a conventional premise in the 1940s, it said in a very unconventional way, and I'm sure some scenes have reached the floor of the room. Now is the legend that Columbus mogul Harry Cohn got up during his initial screening and asked what it was about. In retrospect, many old elders who ran the studios at that time had no clue as to cinematographic techniques and the story of Orson Welles' master, and THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI is just about great due to their intrusion. > Besides being certainly the greatest director of the time, Welles was also quite performing as an actor. At 25, we all know what he did as "Charles Foster Kane," perhaps the most famous character in the history of the film. Here, he lives in a rare character of weak intelligence and not much intelligence, something unfamiliar with those familiar with other works of Welles. Instead of a penetrating and wise language, he speaks with Irish tribulation. Rita Hayworth (his unfortunate married wife at the time) plays an unfortunate married wife of a lawyer who puts Welles in a spell and can pull him into a job that will lead him to the limits of deception and disillusion. He is a giant who may even have killed a man, but the real mystery lies in the relationship between Hayworth (with shiny blond hair) and Eberton Sloane (Mr. Bernstein of CITIZEN KANE). A scary partner of Sloane is navigating around the country to start a series of special events that waved Welles' Michael O'Hara. Welles reveals the image as O'Hara, but things are still unclear all the time. See and understand that at least two views are needed to know exactly what's going on. An unusual court section focuses on "O'Hara," and Sloane defends it. It's a strange comedy scene, with strange methods in the courtroom, including Sloane being examined on his own. I did not laugh here because the movie stops at this moment after a first portion that does not go down anyway. So far, the cinema is wonderful, some scenes are crafted and skillfully shot (the aquarium love scene), but there is no distinct line to attract the elements, and the audience, let's say the court scene was resumed Welles' requests (10 orders from Hayworth were ordered) and an improvised song starlet was cast at Cohn's insistence. A raucous scandal has enraged Welles, who again was left out of the editing process. We thank Welles for saving the movie entirely with a tournament end of strength that will always be cherished. The so-called "Hall of Mirrors" scene brings the boys back, unfortunately, unfortunately. She must be seen to be credible and does a good job of concluding some confused ideas. The crash of the mirrors is the disappointment of O'Hara, and the "crazy house" is a masterpiece of art and decoration. It seems more like a state of mind than a real place and is really "crazy", twisted and transformed like a Dali painting. This is a wonderful final for a faulty image that, if left alone, it would probably have made AFI's Top 100. Then, three or four Orson Welles movies could have made all of the "best" collective lists if they left alone to create your own magic. <br /> <br /> NOTE: Look for Mercury players who are so prominent in Welles' photos. It opens everywhere. EVALUATION: 8 out of 10
