These are extracted from a nine-page "Memo from Mr. Cohn from Mr. Welles", written after Orson saw Harry Cohn's edited version of Harry Cohn's film (took an hour): <br /> < br /> "... The title preview music was written by a leading composer, George Antheil. Although not written for our image, this temporary title music had an atmosphere of darkness and threat combined with something luxuriant and (The Heinz Roemheld) is quite tiring to use a popular song - "theme" - in as many possible arrangements as possible. "Please Do not Kiss Me "for almost every bridge and for much of the background material. The song is enjoyable, it can be done very well on Hit Parade - but Lady in Shanghai is not a musical comedy ... Mr. Roemheld is a devoted fiery guyold-fashioned fashion, which is now referred to in our "Disney" business. In other words, if someone falls, makes a "fallen" sound in the orchestra, etc., etc. If the lab scratched the initials and phone numbers all over the negative, we could not be more unhappy about the results ... Just before I left to go abroad, I asked Vi (Viola Lawrence, the editor) to make a reduction that would involve lowering the near accident with the taxi cab and also a little dialogue. I am convinced that this would have been an excellent reduction ... saving the necessary material in the slow opening sequence (this was not done as the main weaknesses of the movie opening roll) ... There is nothing in the fact that Diving Rita to guarantee a big orchestral crescendo ... What matters is the beauty of Rita ... the evil subtleties suggested by Grigsby's character and Michael's astonishment. Any or all of these elements would have inspired music. Instead, sinking is treated as if it were a major climax or an ancient moment in a bad Symphony: a pratfall by Pluto Pup or a wild jump in space by Donald Duck ... There is no sound atmosphere on the boat . A bit of wind and water is very missed. It's pointless to shoot a scene on a real boat if you make the sound happen in front of a screen of process ... At the beginning of the picnic sequence ... in the temporary score, we used a very curious, Latin-American strain sexy ... This has been replaced by a "dramatic" sequel - bad stuff stock ... This kind of music destroys that quality of the strange thing that is exactly what could have saved Lady from Shanghai to be just another whome ... There is a big musical outburst after Grigsby's line, "I want you to kill him." This is absurd ... The Hawaiian guitar music coming out of the radio ... should have been pretty horn to make a certain satirical point. In the current state, it is at approximately the same level as the rest of the score. No one in the audience could suspect we're joking ... The aquarium scene needs more echoes. "Please do not kiss me" is again! ... An evil thing of dubbing and poor scores has ruined Michael's character running down the pier. From the shootings to the phone call, a careful model of voices has been built, with a lot of time and effort. For some reason, all of this was junked in favor of a vague hullabaloo. Consequently, the whole sequence seems boring ... The audience should feel at this time, along with Michael, that they may be crazy. The new duplication job can make them feel like they can sleep ... Fighting with mirror guns does not have to be supported by music ... Closing music again refers to "" ... This end is obvious in point of vulgarity and incalculable injury to the finish of the image. "All of these Orson edits were ignored
