Japan has serious problems. The demons infiltrated Edo, taking possession of the earthly forms and inclining it to their unholy will. Besides, the rebirth of Ashurna, the Queen of demons, is near. The only thing that opposes this serious threat is Demon Wardens, a terrible group of warriors who could be as bad as demons themselves. Izumo is a retired Demon Warden who, five years ago, took over the theater instead of Demon Slaying after the accidental killing of an innocent child (in a battle that strangely recalls the scene of the Dusk till Dawn bar). On a casual night of meeting, he meets a beautiful and mysterious woman named Tsubaki. Their adventures intertwine (literally) and are related to their fate of being lovers and enemies. If you think this seems to be the typical Japanese epic Fantasy / Swordplay, you're wrong. In fact, there is nothing typical about Ashura. It is a bridge of many different film genres. Those who just mentioned, as well as a comedy, a drama and a love story. Director Yojiro Takita (Onmyoji) juggles the genre with respect (Although comedy seems forced in some scenes) and the end result is a ridiculous but very fun popcorn movie. defects in the film. Some of the humor seems to be controversial and out of place. And the act is not the greatest. But seriously, watch Fantasy / Swordplay / Comedy movies for great acting performances? No, we're tracking them for crazy CG actions and views, all Ashura has in Spades. Not to be misleading, the movie is not an action, but it is quite generous, with a lot of green blood spades and buckets to keep the average viewer happy. Bottom line; movies have mistakes and is not an epic of martial arts, but it does not try to be and has interesting insights and sword actions. The reason the movie worked for me is that it does not take too much seriously and if the spectator does the same, surely they are delighted with this fun and stupid swordplay action fantasy. <br /> <br /> My Rating 7 Out of 10. Fun popcorn movie.
