Located in Japan, Ashura is the story of demons who take over the earth. The premise is much more complicated, but the story of the arch must not be forgotten. Japan is in a state of turbulence, with Demons occupying a human form in roaming. Demons generally talk and behave like humans, but they are bad. The Japanese word I use is not just demons, but rather the classic form of the "ogre," which is a mythological creature of historical stature. We are talking about creatures that would look more like gods than simple nonsense monsters for children. However, in human form, all that remains is green eyes and green teeth that appear when placed under any stress. To save the world of demons, there are killer demons. Qualified and skilled trainers who can show and defeat most kinds of demon and who guard the way of passing between the realm of hell and the real world. These are the basic premises. The story starts with a festival in a local city. In the midst of these celebrations, three men walk around, dressed in black, apparently intending to do harm. Villagers run, except for those who are demons in nature, who turn green and try to kill them. Demons-Slayers end up killing most demons. This is why the story becomes interesting. The whole essence of the story begins when, at the gate in hell, a demon stating before the three gates revealing the arrival of Ashura. With it comes the end of the reign of man and the reign of demons begins. Ashura nevertheless requires a form of birth process, the first step that took place during the opening fight but will not be revealed until you see the movie. The three demon possessors are a wise old man, a powerful and yet unprimated man and a skilled and compassionate warrior. Immediately you can see the division between them, the old man who wants to stop the demons, the strong one who wants to incline them to the growing ego's manic desires, and the third seeks to stop the second. During the meeting, he meets a woman he begins to take and thinks he has a special relationship. She is, in turn, a brigadier who is welcome, sought by the authorities. When the two finally meet face to face, he puts his hand on his shoulder and suddenly is scattered by a sign on his shoulder. Needless to say that the mark is not a good sign. What follows is a struggle for the earth, a struggle between good and evil, as it should be, but also between good and good. The point for me of this film has become something other than what I would think. I thought it would be either a action movie with fast-paced demons or a horror movie with evil and evil creatures like Ringu and Ju-on. However, I was wrong the best. The story seemed to me to be an adaptation of a very old Japanese game and it plays in itself, combining the essential action adrenaline scenes with a wonderful concept, stunning narrative and style that makes you behave more to think than to stay in the gore. Many scenes are painted with a luxurious dialogue between two characters, such as those that will never be seen in a Hollywood movie. It becomes a practical theatrical experience that removes your breath. The film uses an immaculate landscape and a camera operation comparable to many of Samurai's best films nowadays, but adding a well-thought-out and classic plot. With great action, wonderful music and extraordinary stunning scenes, I have to look into my book. <br /> <br /> That has been said, it needs giving up the responsibility that it is not for all. It does not feel emotion, it's not balls until the action of the wall. It is a horror game that has been filmed. He has a lot to say and has time to do so, flying in front of conventional single lines. Just like Japanese games, exchanges between characters can take several minutes before reuniting for a quick but wonderful battle scene. If you can enjoy such a thing, this is a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good movie is a slasher movie with a small plot and an excessive nudity, then you can easily track something else. Generally, this movie for me is unique and amazing, which keeps you riveted and amused. has good writing, good action and good direction. Everything is a solid film.
