I have to admit I'm a little surprised and disappointed by some of the very negative comments that this film seems to provoke. I think it's a great horror movie / SF. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after a historic flight to Saturn. While space contracted a bizarre and unknown disease. She wakes up in a hospital bed, looks into a mirror, and before his eyes his face melts! Escaping hospital supervision, he is hiding in some local forests that surround a small town. Unfortunately, it begins to develop a rapidly growing famine that can only be met by the consumption of others. He must feed on human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! In pursuit of human prey, he begins the reign of terror! It's up to his old friend Dr Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) to find him and try to help him. He has to work alone, because his boss, General Perry (Myron Healey), wants him to be extremely quiet. Nelson can not even tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). However, Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge) becomes suspicious as General Perry appears, just as some locals in the village begin to return half-eating. I do not really understand why this movie receives negative reviews, what are people waiting for? Anyway, I really like this movie. The star of the film is undoubtedly Rick Bakers Special Make-up and gore effects that are mostly excellent, and the fact that all their prosthetic effects and horrible CGI garbage make them even better. Writer and director William Sachs is not afraid to use them, we get some beautiful, long-lasting cadres of the man who melts incredibly and retains himself very well even now. Photography, music and direction are a bit dull, but professional enough. The script manages to create a sympathy for the monster, photographs of him that look much in Ted Nelsons's house or when he sees his own reflection in the water and reacts violently. The end, put in a large factory of some kind, is slow enough, so do not expect a happy ending. Which surprised me. Also, the script does nothing with the premise, he just goes around melting and killing, with his boyfriend trying to stop him, maybe a little too simple. Personally, I think the worst of the movie is near the beginning, when the fat nurse runs on a slow-moving hospital corridor, her screams are also portrayed and in slow motion, looks and sounds ridiculous! You have to see this! I love this movie very much and I recommend it to the horror / scifi fans of the 70s and 80s. A bit of my favorite.
