First of all, anyone looking for a "results-oriented" cinema that combines a kind of social message with meaningful performance and soul-searching dialogue spoken by dedicated, emotional and heart-inspired spirits, please leave now. You're wasting your time and life is short, you go to see the new Brangelina Jolie movie, you have a good call, go out and buy a hybrid car or throw your conflict diamonds if that makes you feel better and leave us alone . <br /> Do not let the door hit you on the road. THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN is a category B minus the epic horror epic shot of the Oklahoma desert by a young television crew and deals with an astronaut who is exposed to bizarre radiation, wakes up in a hospital and finds that his body liquefies on him as he stays there, feeling like a hump. The melting man is played by Alex Rebar, who is recognized for the first four minutes of the film. But once you start to oozin 'with Rick Baker's extraordinary makeup special effects it resembles more with something you might find in a spamming tin before you shed all the worms, viscous, greasy fat. The film has zero exposure and is not related to plotting points: There are a few scenes involving scientists running on an absurd industrial conveyor machine that obligatorily recites some binding lines about the effects of radiation, but the film does not care , really. It's a strange and awesome show to the one with a very bad sense of humor for those who can stomach it - A big laugh comes when the melting man shoots a young girl in the woods and it's so bad for what to do one of his eyes to come out. Hilarious. The film's "hero" is played by Burr DeBenning, a fascinating character actor from the 1970s and 1980s, which was a kind of early model for Kevin Spacey's prototype; slightly twisted, neurotic and one step ahead of most of the room, even if it would seem confusing. It appeared just after this film was made in an anthology piece of horror produced by the anthology of HOUSE OF THE DEAD (or ALIEN AREA), considered one of the most beautiful movies ever made in Oklahoma, where I suspect that this movie was made also. Arid rural landscapes are certainly the same as the creek that a fisherman who chooses a mad fisherman for afternoon sports seems to be the same as that of Cameron Mitchell who fought with foreign flying pancakes in WITHOUT WARNING ... a sick humor, a TV-friendly cast, and a pretty scandalous gore. I definitely feel at least an aesthetic connection between the three films, as well as the LAMBLE SILENT, which is not surprising at all, considering that director Jonathan Demme is part of a distribution of MELTING MAN. <br /> <br /> Essentially, others have pointed out, this is a 1950s B film updated for special effects in the 1970s and inevitable tits. The film he is likely to borrow from most of his ideas is PHANTOM FROM SPACE with Peter Graves as an astronaut who also returns to Earth after being exposed to the effects of funky radiation that stopped him murder syndrome. One of the things I really admire about the film is that it does not pay any attention to the motives of the melting man: it simply goes into violence and the drama of the film comes from the question of whether it will fall into pieces before some characters become a victim of his madness. The movie budget is also delightfully low and every penny it spends is on screen, Rick Baker's disgusting effects getting the lion's share of everything that's been spent on that. <br /> <br /> The best sick and disgusting fun enjoys a lot of friends and a lot of beer. Why can not I make more movies like this? <br /> <br /> 8/10
