I have always liked this comedy as one of the few who are seriously trying to cope with the US government's annual tax demand. Have you ever read a fiscal code: it's a pretty big attempt to follow the multiple clauses that our congressmen and senators scatter to help their financial supporters and various interest groups. Despite being fair, the tax code has always put the burden of the lesson on the middle and working class, not the rich and influential. Most of the special clauses are intended for use - go through the 1040 or 1040A form and examine the variety of different business and business investments, all of which have a different set of rules. Most people will never have any use for them. The story here is that a wealthy owner (Philip Ober) uses his influence to prevent the IRS that his neighbors (Paul Douglas and Una Merkle) have paid taxes in 20 years. The IRS Baltimore Bureau is under Fred Clarke and he deals with Ober's attention with his influence. He sends Tony Randall to check the situation. Randall finds out that Douglas, Merkle and the three girls and two boys are decent people, who rarely need money (they meet on the farm and change with the neighbors). But Randall, trained in the clear lines (at the IRS) of the tax code, tries to put the family in the ground. But, little by little, Douglas noticed that Reynolds likes Randall and continues to stray Randall from behind, eventually leaving him drunk. It also makes it difficult for Randall to leave, having his car engine "out for repair" by his two sons. The land pursues the growing attraction and friction between the vaguely urban, ambiguous Randall, and rural, Reynolds lover. They actually make a nice couple. Finally, after Ober complains, Randall is sent back to shame, and Clarke (a tough cookie) reaches the brass. And it comes with a very large tax bill that will destroy Douglas's family. The film does not end there - it ends happily, but reminds us that the power to tax is the power to destroy, and that the Government, too often, enters for destruction. A chance in one million reversals saves the family, but it's so rare that we know it's just a dramatic trick. More realistic is how Clarke's chief (Charles Lane) is reduced to the essence of Ober's "help", suggesting that his taxes will be analyzed more carefully next year. Then Ober is pretty green.
