THE MELTING MAN ... a tragic victim of the space race, he died MELTING ... never realizing that the LONG GONE BY ...! A man (Burr DeBenning) burns his kitchen stove. But instead of shouting something, a NORMAL person would shout, shout something calling "AAAAATCH-KAH !!" This movie you've discovered ... is not a normal movie. You've just taken the first step in THE MAN MELTING INCREDIBLE, the most famous film in the late '70s, with the wonderful effects of Rick Baker's makeup. Baker was at the edge of becoming a superstar and did so at the same time with his famous "Cantina aliens" in STAR WARS. Because of a strange reason, STAR WARS has become a household name, and INCREDIBIL MELTING MAN did not. <br /> <br /> It could have something to do with the fact that this movie is just awful to mind. From the opening credits ("In the lead, Alex Rebar as" Trustwoman ", that's really what he says!), To the gentle assistant running through a glass door at the head of the fisherman passing through cascading and destroying graphic, rocks, this film offers many, many moments of incomprehension. "Why did they do it ... but how did he do ... why am I?" After a while, give up the question of why you watch it as what it is - a piece of fun that is so much fun. An astronaut returns to the Earth in a melting, radioactive state, he escapes and his mind disintegrates as well as his body begins The authorities decide quickly that the melting man has to be stopped, but (probably does not want to "cause a panic") wants to be captured as quietly as possible, so they send a guy with a george, wow, storywise, surprisingly small happens over time The melting man walks by killing people. A doctor is looking for a geiger. Different characters are entered, ask questions and leave. Eventually, the doctor captures the melting man, but is shot by a guard for no reason, after explaining that he is "Dr. Ted Nelson." The melting man is wandering and finally dissolves into a large puddle of goo. End. It's so brainless that it sort of gets a lot of fun in spite of a rather low end. It is assumed that the launch on Widescreen DVD is planned. A very special movie.
