Many critics have been offended by the fact that R. W. Fassbinder portrayed both the protagonist Wilkie and the Nazis in this film in a human manner. But the acquaintances of other Fassbinder films will realize that Lili Marleen (1981) belongs to Fassbinder's "women's films", such as "Maria Braun's Marriage" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fassbinder was convinced that "stories can be said much better for women than for men" because, according to Fassbinder, while men usually fulfill their determined role in society, "women are able to think in a dialectical manner ". Dialectic means, however, that there is not only a sentence and antithesis as usual in our black and white world, but a synthesis in which oppositions coincide. Moreover, dialectics means that because of the third synthesis court, the absolute opposition of the difference between thesis and antithesis is abolished. From a concrete point of view: starting from a dialectical point of view and portraying the fascist state, underground fighters must necessarily use the basic means as the rulers, and between the offenders and the victims there is a chiastic relationship, so that every offender is also victim is also a criminal. Fassbinder illustrated this abstract scheme, which goes beyond classical logic, in the play "City, Garbage and Death" (1975), shot by Daniel Schmid under the title "The Shadow of the Angels" (1976). Therefore, approaching a subject controversially as Nazi Germany, in a dialectical manner, the image at this moment in the form of a film becomes even more controversial, especially for people who can not or do not want to see that world recognition is far from exhausted with a primitive pattern of light change but needs the third synthesis instance as an example of controlling the thesis and opposition of the opposite members. The mutual relationship between offenders and victims needs to be examined, because it is simply not true that offenders are the bad and the good victims. From a synthetic point of view, the wicked participate in kindness, as the good ones participate in harm. They are mutually connected. In a world perspective based on classical logic, a relationship between good and evil can not even be established in an ethics based on this inadequately logical system, the poor consciousness of the Nazi Germany survivors, the sense (sufficiently illogical) the ancestors' they exclude the possibility of a relationship between the two extremes and thus a synthesis in the form of a new assessment based on this relationship. From Fassbinder's dialectical point of view, it follows that neither Lili Marleen nor Lola and Maria Braun can be condemned for "inappropriate" use of the governing system for their private purposes because they are not misusing them, but only use them . Otherwise, because the victims must repeat the actions of the offenders, because the offenders have to repeat the actions of the victims because "good" and "evil" are no longer simple pictures mirrored by each other, as in the logic of the two values ​​their strategies are legitimized by the structure chiastic of a logic that describes our world, which is not black and white, much better than a black and white logic.
