By the 1990s, there had never been a movie based on Jane Austen's "Emma". Then came two in the same year, 1996. Or, if you count "Clueless" in 1995, who updates Austen's plot in a modern American high school, three to two years. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady in a well-trained family in England. She is financially much better than most Austen heroines, such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and does not need to find a wealthy husband. Instead, her main concern seems to be finding spouses for her friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to reject a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing that Harriet should turn his attention to the ambitious clergy, Mr. Elton. This scheme is disastrous, but Elton has no interest in Harriet, but he fell in love with Emma. The speed with which Emma rejects his proposal does a miracle just why she was so eager to match her boyfriend with a man she looks (in good faith) as a marriage partner inappropriate for herself. This being a plot by Jane Austen, Emma proves to be less a committed spinster than she seems, and she feels she falls in love, leading to additional complications. Today, in 2008, Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood star, but in 1996, despite being only a younger year, she was not as well known internationally as Gwyneth Paltrow . She is, however, as convincing as Austen's well-intentioned, but often wrong, heroine. Beckinsale seems to have a gift for classical roles - she made a delightful hero in Kenneth Branagh's version of "Much Ado about Nothing" - and sometimes I feel like Hollywood has found roles more suitable for her than to lose her in turkeys "Pearl Harbor" or "Underworld". I preferred Jeremy Northam to Mark Strong as an interest in Emma's love, Mr. Knightley, largely because he approached my own conception of his character as an older man, rather chivalry, more than a father-figure for Emma than for a lover. (His name would probably have been indicated for his gentleman's nature - the gentlemen of the 19th century liked to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of the medieval knights, with their elaborate cavalry codes). Strong has the tendency to reduce the subject of age difference (he's 37, she's 21) and makes Knightley more of a passionate lover and less than a wise mentor than Northam. Samantha Morton (another actress who would go to bigger things) is perhaps closer to Harriet's novel than Toni Collette. This was the smallest of the two versions, made for television rather than cinema, and sets and costumes seem less generous and there are fewer big names among the cast. The drama costume is generally a thing that British television does well, and this version can certainly be with the cinematic version; both are fun and well-made versions of Austen's novel. 7/10
