As winter approaches, our state broadcaster, ABC, decided for some reason to have a partial Jane Austen festival on Sunday night. It began with a fifteen-year version of Emma last Sunday; more recent versions of three other novels, "Persuasion", "Abbey Northanger" and "Mansfield Park". The curious thing about this production made by A & E Television Networks, reliably Andrew Davies, is that it appeared almost simultaneously with two much larger budget versions, one with Gwyneth Paltrow and "Clueless", a "upgraded" version with Alicia Silverstone , who transported the plot to Beverly Hills. Perhaps, as a result, even with Kate Beckinsale in the lead, this production sank without a trace. As a general rule, many are lost when the novels are reduced to fit the length of the movie. The adaptations that it has both a tendency to enjoy and to remember are those that have enough space to develop story and character. A remarkable example is "Brideshead Revisited," which had 13 episodes of 50 minutes in 1982. We just have to compare the very common version of Pride and Prejudice in 2005 with the brilliant six-part mini-TV series of 1995 . It is not the case that a novel is filmed on the page, and some (often not very good) novels adapt to the movie ("Atonement" is a recent example), but Jane Austen sorting novels need time and space for to exert their full charm. Given the deficiencies of this type of adaptation, this production is fine. Kate Beckinsale gives Emma the right combination of self-assurance and vulnerability, and Mark Strong is a Knightly gentleman (reminded me that Jane tended to recycle the characters.) Knightly is a more articulated version of Mr. Darcy in P & P. ​​Samantha Morton was a fairly clear Harriet, but Prunella Scales took the perfect blabbermouth Miss Bates? Sybil Fawlty at speed. Bernard Hepton, as Emma's weak father, was also excellent. I saw the wet country, mud and poverty, as well as light interiors, if anyone thought it was a particularly idyllic age for everyone. Even if this was a condensed adaptation, it was oddly slow in places ?? some conversations were rather stumbling, even for the formalities of the times. I should watch the movie again to be sure, but it could be due to the underused reaction photos. If you like the vintage stuff, this is a beautiful example, and it compares well with the Paltrow version. However, there is still much to go!
