Rumors say that around the time that ABBA ?? the song won by several Swedish favorite titles has come to an end, the band has become disappointed with singing in English and wanted to perform in their native language. Soon afterwards, problems began to appear in the single-closed partnership, and records were becoming less frequent. The band disbanded, albeit unofficially, in 1982, and the pop lost one of its most famous artists. Although they have never admitted that there is any truth in these rumors, it is true that ABBA would never have been successful if they were only recorded in their native language. If you want to use the world's largest media mediation market, then you have to satisfy the English speaker. It is amazing for me how such a small island that is located in a stone throw away from the European continent might have created perhaps the most recognized, though not the most widespread language in the world. Everyone speaks a little English; whether it's simply "greeting" or a common word swearing - you'll find an English speaker almost everywhere. Pedro Galindo obviously disagreed because Trampa Infernal has never been subtitled for world consumption until it was recently released on DVD with budget. It's a real shame, because it's actually a decent film, which is much better than many of its compatriots speaking English speaking. The film launches on somewhat unfamiliar territory of a pistol duel. Two unidentified characters are hidden hidden around a dilapidated complex looking for each other for the ultimate inevitable invasion. After some suspense and a series of shortcomings, one of the pistols rises victoriously. Next, we find out that they were just paintball guns, and the two contestants are actually young in the local city. Nacho and Mauricio are the strongest rivals, and Mauricio always tries to prove better than his weak opponent, but he still has not. Later that night, while the victorious gun celebrates the triumph with Alejandra's girlfriend and friend Charly, Mauricio enters the bar and says he has the ultimate challenge for his glorious nemesis. He says this will be the competition that will prove to the city once and for all, which deserves the utmost respect. Nacho is reluctant at first, as Alejandra warns him of the dangers of continuing competitiveness, but ultimately yields to the pressure of his colleagues and agrees; to a large extent, to the disapproval of his superior top-level partner. They intend to move to the remote region of Filo de Caballo, because the recent press has announced that many people have been bitten by what villagers think they are a vicious bear. Mauricio proposes that the one who kills the animal can be considered the greatest and also promises that it will be the last battle he will face against his opponent. After visiting the armor to show his weapons and ignore the old-owner's warnings, the group started from the remote forest. Hunters get hunted while finding out that the "bear" is actually a homicidal vet from Vietnam, who still does not know that the war is over and believes that all humans are enemies. What began as a competitive adventure suddenly becomes a struggle for survival, as it is tracked and killed by the evil assassin. I took Trampa while studying in Madrid from a Mexican student living in the bedroom room - for me. I remember that the copy I was watching was flawed, and the tape ended about 10 minutes before the last credits ran, which means I've never been able to see the final scenes. Luckily, I just got over the DVD on the Amazon recently and added it to my collection right away. <br /> <br /> Gallindo's Slasher is a surprisingly good effort, which excels from his skillful direction and enthusiastic plot that attempts to cover areas that are not usually approaching slasher movies. It's actually so good that it reminded me more than an occasion of the classic Predator Arnold Schwarzenegger. This is especially evident in the scenes showing the assassinated murderer in the woods and watching the panic struggle as they struggle to escape the maniac playground. In spite of Gallindo's obvious awareness of the plagues of the genre, the bogeyman even uses a glove glider at Freddy Kruegar); Trampa also tries to add something different from the standard template. While most of the runtime plays according to the specific rules of the category, the third final represents a significant step in individuality, while the maniac arms with a machine gun and attracts the hero to his battle for the last showdown. From here, the movie quickly changes genres and becomes almost an action movie, which, depending on your taste, will delight or disappoint you. The last slasher who tried to cross the two styles was that the "Majorettes" entry, which is not necessarily a good thing, is the same as many Latin films (especially Spanish shootings by Almodovar and Amenabar) The tramp has a subtle subtlety of morality, which is successfully transmitted without being beaten in the sight of the viewer. Over indulge in the temptations of competitive masculinity and you may not always be the winner. It's a sugar-covered spot, but it's handled delicately enough to not distract the fun. The tramp can be cheese but it's worth being seen and recognized as one of the best late slasher. The killer looked great in the frightening fatigues of the army and in the white mask in the Valentine style and in the attempts of originality, just about work. The gorilla that the most frightening fans of horror may have, but it has plenty of suspense and creativity to justify at least one view.
