Brilliant adaptation of the novel that made the relatives of Chilean President Salvador Allende killed. In the midst of a large estate that comes from ruins, becoming a force of abuse and exploitation of indignation, a luxury property for the benefit of the Esteban Trueba family and its unmerited family, the brilliant Danish director Bille August recreates in the micro, which at that time be the process that led to the greatest infamy of his story to the strengthened Chilean nation and whose main character would be Augusto Pinochet (similarities with Stephen are inevitable: remember, for example, that image of the senator with dark glasses that makes him approaching the general to start making the palace). Bille August attends an exceptional cast in the prominent Jeremy Irons, whose character changes with arrogance and extreme cruelty, always brings us almost to force ourselves to change. In Esteban fully apply the law of resonance, with great wisdom, Solomon describes in these words: "The things that freckles are the same punishment that will serve you." <br /> <br /> Remember Glenn Closing of the game of play, Stephen's frightened sister, whose sin, driven by loneliness, spiritual and platonic love, was the wife of his cruel snowman. Meryl Streep, also brilliant, a woman whose name came as a Clara glove. With telekinetic, cognitive and mediumistic powers, this strengthened woman, loyal to her conservative husband, is an indicator of the character and self-control we desire for ourselves and for all human beings. <br /> <br /> Each character is a portrait of virtuosity (like a rebel leader of Blanca Pedro Segundo unhappy ...) or a portrait of humility, such as Stephen Jr., senator's bastard child serving as a tool to return the boomerang. <br /> <br /> The film moves the intestines, we have some facts that should never be repeated, but this happens absurdly (Colombia is a sad example) and another remembrance that, against all, life is wonderful because there are always people like Isabel Allende and only Immortalize Bille August.
