Recorded by MGM in the same sets as the English version, but in German, Garbo's second portrait for "Anna Christie" has benefited from practice and apparently ease in the German dialogue. Garbo seems more relaxed and natural under Jacques Feyder's lead than in Clarence Brown's case, and his silent manners have disappeared, which made the transition to sound complete. The force she brought to the character stays here, though she was soaked, and Garbo reveals more about Anna's vulnerability. The entire cast, except for Garbo, is different from the previous version of the film, and Garbo benefits from the fact that she does not have to compete with Marie Dressler, who has stolen every scene in the English version. In Feyder's film, Garbo has been the focus of attention over time, though the three supporting players, especially the father, have provided excellent performance. Feyder's direction was safer than that of Clarence Brown, editing techniques did not seem to be constrained by the new sound process, as did Brown. The film moves more fluidly than the English adaptation, and the static nature of the first film has been replaced by a stream that keeps the viewer's interest. Even William Daniels's cinematography appears to be better than the Brown version. He captured Garbo's luminosity and downtown atmosphere with style. Also, adaptation of the screenplay for the European audience made Anna's profession quite clear from the start, and the clarity clarified for the spectators who were not familiar with the play about what was involved only in the Brown films. However, the movie was made before the introduction of the production code, which made censorship puzzling. Garbo's Oscar nomination "Anna Christie" has always been somewhat mystical, and I suspected that the knot was given more recognition of her relatively light transition to sound films than her performance. However, some of the Academy's voters saw the German version of the film, and they realized, like contemporary viewers, that "Anna Christie", under Feyder's direction, was certainly a worthy Oscar.
