Fragile Meat, just before its great period. Although sometimes hesitantly strained and destroyed for a long time, HOTEL DU NORD is full of the charm and faded beauty of the French films of the late 1930s, as well as a relatively slight unusual touch with this director. All his great virtues are here: the cramped interiors, broken by the gliding, complex and delicious movements of the chambers; a melancholy deployment of light and shadows; remarkable, courageous of Alexander Trauner, which are so evocative that, as the title suggests, he assumes a personality of his own modeling; the quiet music of Maurice Jaubert; a seemingly unusual plot about romance, tragedy and fatalism that casts a prey on its characters; spectacular performances by some of the best players of all time, in this case Louis Jouvet and Arletty. In fact, the biggest failure of the film and I feel amazed (as someone who, usually, didactic, its importance) to recognize this is his screenplay. He has a lot of wisdom, but without Carne's regular poetry and irony, collaborator Jacques Prevert, who brought Carne's best movies, can not avoid slipping on the clips (even if he's just a retrospective cliche). Apparently located in the hostel, the film sets out the idea of ​​opening the community with two interconnected passages of doomed love and emotional isolation, metaphysics and real. The condemned love scenario is the one that does not work better. Annabella is very beautiful, but not very good at doing tragic, while Aumont's appeal, though, may, by its nature, obstruct any reality, feeling, story. Maybe it's just me, but I find it hard to sympathize with such a young couple, so appealing, who, after only a few months, is so desperate that they have to shoot each other. Their tall lines are quite embarrassing. Of course, this business is not likely to be plausible - they are symbolic of youth, hope and the possibility of being crushed in France or maybe even France, desperate, resigned, waiting for death. For the symbols to be truly powerful, they have to convince themselves on a narrative level, which, I feel, are not right here. What this plot saves is the link to the story of M. Edmond, a character linked to the great tradition of French gangsters. Although we gradually teach him, he is a murderer hiding, living on the prostitute played by Arletty, acquiring his accomplices. In his "previous" role - and the theatricality of his position is crucial - he has a set of features; Hiddenly, he assumed the opposite. To live a lifeless target, he is deeply shaken by the lovers' pact and becomes fatalist, realizing the insanity of trying to deceive the dead. Thus, recognizing that it is less a person than a collection of signs and that death is an inevitable reality, the strongest masculinity has to give up - Edmond is like a romantic prototype of Melville's clinical killers. With one exception - he gives hope, a delusion that only strengthens - if not too much of an unbearable irony - his fatal decision. All of this could have been trifle if it had not been Louis Jouvet's really amazing spectacle. I studied his college drama, but this was my first taste of screen talent and he reveals himself to be worthy Tuesday - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - offering a quiet nobility to a role that is more than a conception (he, too useless to say, is also allegorical) than a real person. Edmond begins the film a minor character of support, but appears as a tragic hero of force. Like other major actors, Jouvet's shine lies in what he's hiding. On a formal level, what an astonishment is that Carne grabs the techniques of Sirk, Ophuls, Ray and Minnelli's great Hollywood melodramas ten years before its flowering. Although his theatricality does not have the fluidity and beauty of the contemporary German melodrama of Sierck (see ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA), Carne's style really matches his theme - entrapment, paralysis, resignation. /> The motif of the film is water - the credit floats and dissolves, the hotel is next to a waterway - but instead of Renoir's open river of possibilities, we have a channel, stagnant and made by man, that does not go anywhere. The film starts at the end, and the setting does not change, except for a short interlude from which both escapes are destined to return. Characters can escape only by death - their capture is accentuated by the narrow rooms they occupy, the walls and frames that keep them captive, the windows that look into an escape they can never accomplish. Any hope at the end, therefore, is profound, if it is romantic, compromised.
