After introducing Garbo to sound in Clarence Brown's "Anna Christie", Jacques Feyder produced a German version of the film, in which all distributions except Garbo were different. While the US version is still available in the US and most American viewers first saw this version, Germna "Anna Christie" is more likely to be seen in Europe. As I have seen both films, I feel the right to compare the two tight productions. Jacques Feyder's movie is different? Is it better than Clarence Brown? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I would like to focus first on what both films have in common. They have identical sets, very similar scripts and the same chronological scenes presented. Here is also the story of a young woman who returns to her father after years of absence and tries to start a new life. Here you also have the humorous, though slightly shorter, sequence in the amusement park. However, when we emphasize Garbo, I mean the first difference. He does not seem to provoke such a curiosity while he was talking. The visitor focuses more on acting than on the way he speaks, which most likely happened to 1931 viewers. Garbo was very good in the American film and is also very good here. However, for me, it seems more authentic in the German version. It is noteworthy that Garbo does not focus on how he speaks so much (artificially created effort: GARBO TALKS!). Her German is not very pronounced; yet no one cares: everything is perfectly understood. So I can easily say the same thing I did in my comment in the American version: Skaal Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> However, the film differs in a very important issue: the rest cast. Here comes the question: which portrayal seems more captivating, which one is safer? Differences are filled with varieties. Sierra Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), Garbo's lifelong friend, does not make a job as well as Marie Dressler as Marthy Owens. It is not bad, it is different, it sometimes goes beyond (from today's perspective), but it is no longer so authentic in the role of Marie Dressler, who still amuses us and whose moments have been absolutely a test of time. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the film, and that that opinion, though it seems to be questionable of course, bears a truth. Theo Shall is much more sympathetic to Matt than Charles Bickford, but when applied to him, this is not the issue of performance as much as appearance. Whoever shines in the "Anna Christie" German, who really deserves the most attention is Hans Junkermann in the role of Chris Christopherson, Anna's father. George F. Marion vs Hans Junkermann is like a day / night difference. Junkermann portrays a true alcohol addict, a hopeful man with fears over his daughter's care. The scene of Anna's first encounter with her father is truly magnificent, the opening moment of Chris's conversation with Marthy is memorable, especially due to the expressions of his face and impeccable performances. Junkermann is the Chris you love, which sometimes laughs with which you sympathize, leaving in your mind a picture of a calm alcoholic sailor. That's great! <br /> <br /> If you saw the American "Anna Christie" and you have a chance to get the German version, I would recommend this movie because it is a slightly different look to the story, a nice and precise way to compare, an enrichment fine film of Clarence Brown and, above all, a great chance to discover a performance miracle: Hans Junkermann. Scared or stupid, Hans Junkermann!
