The most popular achievement of director Ching Siu Tung is this series, The Chinese ghost story 1-3. Ghost's Chinese story sees Leslie Cheung in a distant past in China as a tax collector who is forced to spend a night during his "collecting journey" into a mysterious castle where he fights and encounter some old foreign warriors. Beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is the ghost who lives in that castle and is under the domination of a mighty demon, a devil of wood who collects human souls for himself with the help of her beautiful ghosts. Leslie and Joey fall in love and, although ghosts are not allowed to live with people, they decide to break this rule and live happily together for the rest of their lives. This is not what the devil thinks, and our protagonists have to fight for their lives and happiness. This film is no less full of magic than other films by Ching Siu Tung. His masterpieces include Duel to the Death (1983) and the Swordsman series, all of which have incredible visions and kinetic power in their action scenes. Ghost Story is full of brilliant lightning and dark atmosphere, which is lit by the strong presence of the beautiful and good ghost. The effects are simply breathing and would work at their highest power on the big screen. The camera moves and twists all the time and adds to the fairytale atmosphere this movie has. There are a lot of wire stunts and even if some think they are and look free or stupid when used in movies, I can not agree and I think it offers motion pictures like magic, freedom and creativity that any other the tool did not give them. When people fly in these movies, it means that movies are not just about our world and usually describe things bigger than life with the power of this form of art greater than life. The story of love power is quite touching and warm, but the problem is (again) that the characters are a little too superficial and act unexplainably occasionally. Leslie and Joey should have been written with great care, and their characters should be even warmer, deeper and more authentic, to give the story of greater power and thus make the film a more important achievement importance. Also, the message of love and power is emphasized too little at a time, and it should have been left to the spectator's mind to be interpreted and found. Another negative aspect of the dialogue is that it is too much and people talk in this movie for no reason. This is very irritating and, unfortunately, it shows the mistakes many writers tend to do when writing their films. People talk and talk only and are there just to make everything as easy as possible and so the movie is not too challenging or credible because it has this free item. Just think of the Japanese producer Takeshi Kitano; his films have a very low dialogue, and everything that exists is all that is needed while he tells his stuff through other cinematic instruments and never speaks or makes other characters talk too much in his films. This is just the talent that writers should have to write larger scriptures. Otherwise, the Ghost Chinese story is very beautiful and the visual breathtaking of the East Cinema piece as well as the play in the movie is very beautiful and hopefully won a prize in Hong Kong's film awards. They give the Ghost 7/10 Chinese story and without the flaws mentioned above, this would undoubtedly be an almost perfect masterpiece of the genre of fantasy.
