I saw this movie in childhood. And after 10 years I did not remember anything about this movie, but I found out that I do not know how I was able to find this movie. It is my life. My favorite movie all the time. My words will no longer be meaningful for what I have inside this movie. I'm watching this movie. It's a brilliant blend of fantasy, comedy, romance, horror, erotic, frightening and martial arts. The story of the power of love is quite moving and warm. It is a masterpiece of the Hong Kong Cinema. Sinnui Yauman is undoubtedly one of the best ghost stories ever made in the film. Written by Songling Pu and directed by Siu-Tung Ching, a story about Chinese ghosts has everything. Ling Choi Sin, played by Leslie Cheung, is a young man who is looking for a monastery to shelter, deep in the woods, a place where villagers seem very afraid to approach. The only passing is dangerous with wolves and a mad taoist monk lives in the temple. Ling Choi Sin meets Tsing, a beautiful and mysterious young woman who also lives nearby in a deserted temple. She is forced to seduce men for her bad mistress, but when she meets innocent Ling Choi Sin, they fall in love. Ling Choi Sin is kind of crazy, but his heart is in the right place, while Tsing tries to protect him from the other spirits in the forest, trying to protect her from the monk who is trying to kill the spirits in the forest. There are great martial arts, even a monk who bursts into beaten songs while performing the ritual forms of the Taoist sword. The film makes a lot of artistic films of traditional old magic martial arts and flying through the air, jumping from tree to tree with elegant dresses and scarves, but the film really flows and everything is effective. Tsing must be married to a bad monster tree that can not be good and we feel her situation in her home where we meet with sisters and the stepmother that is not really enjoyable. you have to fight a moral tree witch and go deep with Yin into the heart of hell to fight a thousand years' evil to save his souls and bring Ling's ashes back home for a proper funeral , a chance of reincarnation. A beautiful story that pays attention to detail. One is touched in many ways by this film, you will laugh, cry and entertain yourself with great martial arts and cinema. And, at the end, Yin and Ling Choi Sin head for the morning sun under an enigmatic rainbow, we never know if Tsing had an reincarnation, but we know it.
