By 1987, Hong Kong had given the world movies like Sammo Hung Chow Yun Fat's "Scary Encounters", John Woo's iconic "A Better Tomorrow," Zu Warriors, and the classic Vampire. Jackie Chan had an international video success, but it was with a Chinese story "Ghost Story," that the HK cinema had its first true cross-theater hit in the West for many years. Western filmmakers have not seen anything I like. It was a film that had various ingredients that HK cinematography had used for years (swordsman, martial and supernatural arts) and mixed them to create a unique film in look, feel and execution. Watch the continued unnecessary and unnecessary has caused, it is the original and the best. Director Siu-Tung Ching (best known as Action Choreographer for films like "A Better Tomorrow 2" / "The Killer"), under the eyes of legendary Producer Tsui Hark, has created a masterpiece of the Fantasy / Horror cinema. And with such a specialized crew at his disposal (no less than 6 martial arts coordinators), the chances of the film being anything but wonderful would be inconceivable. Amazingly prolific editing David Wu (who wrote / directed the "White-haired Bride 2" and edited classic titles such as "A Better Tomorrow 1/2/3", "Hardboiled" and "The Cult") is simply a genius work. Its craftsmanship with perfect swing sword, perfect choreography, makes them some of the best HK cinemas ever created. Fast, unusual, but never confused movements are, even today, the climax of their art. The crew of cinemas also made miracles. This is a movie where each shot is a specially created painting. Where wonderful blue tinged night shades, shrouded in a fantastic fog ever, are the amazing platform for our story to unfold. It's a movie in which everything is used to cut a dream beauty. Even Hsiao Tsing's silk clothes and dresses become live parts of the movie, either in romantic sequences or in battle scenes, the silks on the screen. Even a simple scene in which Hsiao Tsing changes her clothes turns into a thing of beauty waving as any skill on the set combines to create a very memorable scene from such a simple act. The sets are also stunning, giving another sense of the woods and the temple and harshness of the burnt pavilion, full of pavilions, for the amazing end. The production design of Zhongwen Xi deserves the highest praise. Another major factor for the success of the films is the music of Romeo Diaz and James Wong. Hong Kong movies have given us some fantastic music and songs that have added so much to the success of a sequence, but on "A Chinese Ghost Story," music is simply vital. From the opening song, music becomes as important as the characters. Score is a perfect blend of modern and traditional instruments. Drums, bells and guitars hit the sequences of action with great effect, but in slow, painful and romantic pieces they are in their own. Here; flutes, strings and female choreographic effects create what are probably the finest pieces of music heard in a HK movie. Add to this the feminine vocal melody, amazingly beautiful, that interprets the love of Tsau-shen and Hsiao Tsing (nothing is ever seen, but the effect is wonderful. This is an innocent love of love) and you have a brilliant example of power a movie music can have. And, of course, we have the acting talent. Leslie Cheung ("Better Tomorrow 1 & 2" and a very popular singer) is remarkable as an innocuous tax collector. His work in comic strips (light-hearted) is never overhead, and his scenes with Joey Wang are played with just the right amount of passion and innocence. Joey Wang (who will later be relegated to supporting roles in films such as Chow Yun Fat / Andy Lau, classic "God of Gamblers") has never been more radiant than he does here, and is the symbol of ethereal beauty. the tragic Hsiao Tsing is breathtaking, she shows her sad characters to what she has become and what she's done, but also creates a subtle erotic in the scenes that attract men to their terrible death. Ma ("Mr. Vampire", "Swordsman") is very entertaining as the wise, brave but totally frightening yen, crossing a fine line between eccentric and annoying, easily practiced, and what could easily be a character which could have affected the movie is, in fact, wonderful fun and memorable.And about monsters and beasties ?, I heard you cry .. Well, it ranges from quite raw movement but fun stop / zomb the animatronic living in the temple (resulting in a good gang to run with constantly defeated attempts to eat Tsushan funny unsuspecting) to the Black Lord, quite odd but surprisingly effective. Complete with an arsenal of bad flight heads and remarkable work of wire. Most of these have never been overtaken so far. But the most remarkable effect and creation are the killer language of the tree spirit. First of all, we encounter this with a "Evil Dead" style that hastens the effect of the camera as it squeezes victims' thoughts to offer a deadly French kiss that turns victims into zombie shells. But later he shows up in his crazy glory. It can grow so long and long that it shoots the forest after the spoil, destroys the trees, packs around the buildings and coils; is a slim length around people before they pick them up and throw them against the trunks of trees! Maybe even split up to reveal a honey-filled mouth! It is a scandalous idea that, given the romantic main plot, it should not work. But this has a fantastic and unforgettable effect. So what all this is added is a classic example of Hong Kong movies. A real team effort that gave us a really basic film. It is a film full of intelligence, invention, action, monsters, martial arts, ghosts, fantastic ideas, lush visuals, beautiful music and, most importantly, lasting charm, one of the most exciting cinemas.
