Joan Fontaine is totally convincing here as an amorous beauty that is totally incapable of feeling love for anyone other than herself. Her husband (Richard Ney) has lost all her money through a combination of madness and extravagance, and they are reduced to living in a small room with little or no prospects. They continue to put on their most amazing clothes and come out and socialize as if nothing were wrong. He is a charming, careless, but very kind person. However, Fontaine decides that he has to go because he has overcome his usefulness. So he decides to poison him when he realizes that he does not want to divorce him so he can move on. Meanwhile, he had a boyfriend (Patric Knowles), which he decides to give up, because he is not rich. He meets Herbert Marshall, aged, who has a yacht with all the linings and more money than even Fontaine could figure out how to spend. He directs him towards him and decides he will do well. He is too eager to be eaten by young beauty. Of course, she is not very interesting and has so much sexual attraction as her counterpart yesterday. But Fontaine is one of those gangs that has eyes for money only, and the man who stands between it and is transparent, so that she does not even notice or care what she looks, looks through it and sees what she really wants and goes for he. She continues to poison her husband and sends her very nice and satisfying, so everything goes well. But, as is always the case in movies and sometimes even alive, some unexpected things start to go wrong, and tension increases appreciably, so Fontaine starts to sweat. Fontaine is especially good to look bad and terrified and as the network starts to close on her, her growing despair is palpable and she has us on the edge of our seats. Lack of hysteria and fear of cold and sly calculations. But she finds a type of fall for her crime in the person of her lover, who is an innocent victim of her plan to set it up. He is sentenced to death for murder, because the death of his husband through poison has come to light unexpectedly. But Sir Cedric Hardwicke, singing in a scandalous court inspector, thinks there may be something wrong and begins to doubt the story and suspect Fontaine. It closes in it, and some of the scenes in which this happens are inspired representations of the wildest panic. But innocent life will be saved before it is executed? Will Fontaine worm in this way? Will you protect Herbert Marshall from protecting her? This movie is directed by Sam Wood, and the movie is a very good suspense thriller, which I think qualifies very well for the description of the superior movie noir.
