I have just seen this great birthright parody of the New Living Dead, and I have to say it was so terrible and so horn that it was excellent. This film has embedded all the anticultures and landscapes that the original had, including the cemetery, the abandoned house, the basement and the front lawn. What I especially like in this movie is the comic use of bread and all ordinary housewife sinners have a prey. We know that bread toasters, roasters and lattes have made bread dozens of times, and now we have to call their help to defeat the rehab bread. In addition to the cheap and vocal act, this short horror film is my favorite personal parody of Night of the Living Dead, even better than the Night of the Living Dead in 1990. I think what makes this movie worth watching is how which writers and directors have used all the dialogue in the original film and rotated it around the bread, including the way the bread has become reanimated and to avoid scrap because it is particularly dangerous. Another very important reason why I love this movie is that there is no exception as to what bread is bad, wands are bad and even communions are bad, which is demonstrated by a hilarious scene involving a reporter and a priest rather monotonous. I think the actors are especially humorous, making the act of being visibly attacking slices of bread (that is, the car scene). I think the end is very worthwhile to keep around. Though this is short and that "The Dawn of the Dawn of the Brides of the Return of Terror Revenge The Attack of Evil, Mutant, Alien, Meat Meat, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In Shocking 2-D" is another great parody questionable, it is a recommendation as a great parody of what seems to be filmmakers. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is capable of having fun from Night of the Living Dead and still have respect for film makers. I would also like to recommend this movie to anyone who loves D movies and horror movies, it's just a small awesome short horror movie that's fun to watch and learn.
