The sea is watching was an exciting film experience. First, the general feeling was intense, internalized, claustrofob and small. Each frame seemed to be a picture of something inside, something very focused and not part of a larger image. It was obvious what we had to look at in each frame. The physicality of the set itself contributed to that feeling of mildness and intensity. The lights along the road cut the road in half, and the small gate to the small settlement, followed by the few and few buckets that served as units that made what seemed to be the whole city. Even the view of the ocean was framed by a tiny landing on which the number of grass hanging in the wind could count. There are no panoramic views. In fact, I reminded of the Montmarte sequence in Moulin Rouge, where the camera focuses very carefully on the windmill, creating again a feeling of a small area where everything is happening. While the action was acceptable considering that I really could not see how the lines were really delivered, I felt that the actions were too melodramatic and meaningless. Why would Kikuno carry on the job as he did when Fusanosuke announced his imminent marriage did not really sound true? people did not really change that much, and the Kikuno was so strong and resilient that even if they were busy taking anything for O-shin's business, the reaction seemed devoid of character and useless and distraction. Another example of strange action was when Kikuno's drunk friend appeared and Ryosuke decided to intervene and was pushed down the stairs, as he stood up and climbed the stairs threateningly, and the struggle that followed gone out among the reeds was simply unsatisfactory. Did not I like fighting scenes? on the contrary ?? but it seemed a bit stomach and again, too dramatic. Otherwise, while it was not a nice movie to watch, it gave an interesting look at the darker side of prostitution (unlike geisha). Unfortunately, it was probably accompanied by our expectations of poor women ("honey, I give you an understanding" supported by over-stretched actions), and they seriously provoked me to doubt whether the prostitutes of the century the 19th century really acted so. But once inside the house, the inner workings became the most interesting, live and real, and they offered a scenario I never anticipated in my romantic vision of Japan in the nineteenth century.
