"Umi wa miteita" was Akira Kurasawa's film: Adaptation to the story of Shugoro Yamamoto's favorite novel in a script he intended to film was his final sign that he left him in a brilliant career. Director Kei Kumai pays homage both to Kurosawa and Yamamoto, presenting this amazing visual transformation of the word into the picture. Established in Japan in the nineteenth century, the story explores the lives of women in a Geisha home whose only purpose in life is to make money through people's pleasure. The house is run by an older couple who is genteel and geishas are a delightful group of women who know their trade and boast their career. Everyone has a reason to go back to the life of the geese. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports her family living in a neighboring village, Kikuno (Misha Shimizu) has both good and bad customers who manage to support her stories about her superior caste. Oshin befriends an endangered samurai, falls in love with the gentleman, only to discover that he does not have to marry castles and leave Oshin to marry his promised engagement. Oshin's heart bends slightly, but is always emotionally and physically supported by Kikuno and the other ghees. A beautiful samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters Oshin's life and develops her first relationship of trust and dedication to her. Kikuno faces problems, deciding to accept the humble love of an old man who wants to marry her and confront a rich but abusive client. While the sea looks like a typhoon destroys the geisha house and the street, Oshin and Kikuno sit on the roof waiting for Ryosuke's promised salvation. The way the story ends is sacrifice, love and devotion. The sea will follow and find protection for true love. Kazuo Okuhara's photo is breathtakingly beautiful: bright nightlife scenes and colorful geisha interiors are suited to the recent, calm and turbulent views of the sea. The actress is a bit tense for Edo, but the characters are well-created and keep the credibility story. The only distraction, which is certainly not something that Kurosawa would have led, is the Western Western music score, which sounds like soap opera, except for isolated moments in which real Japanese music on authentic instruments performs the play. But ultimately there is enough influence from Kurosawa to impress this film with his dream of dreaming, which will always retain its importance on world cinema. Grady Harp
