Bellocchio refers to this as a mainly political film, a description of the revolutionary movement in Italy, but this seems more metaphor than reality. Almost everything in the movie seems like a metaphor. Revolutionaries, about whom we see and about which we learn very little, may also be mafia. Out with the old and the new. Andrea's pope, a psychoanalyst, seems to stand for the usual traditional bourgeois values ​​- morally, vertically, undisturbed, clean and orderly, well ritualized. > <br /> Giullia, the friend of a revolutionary, seems to represent what can happen to someone who needs a lot of support, but is not able to accumulate the kind of devotion that this commitment demands. (I guess here). Andrea, the teenage boy, seems to be the only guy in the movie that is not in a unique way "upatz". He respects his father, but also disobedient. He loves Giullia, so we suppose he is not big enough to learn how to best manage his reflexes but leaves it to attend school and finish his final examinations. His race between these contradictory life styles could be described as "the media". He is the man between the two, who knows the meaning of gradualism, who can keep his cool while those who call him. Most of these things are summed up during an oral part of his finals when asked to translate and comment on an extract from "Antigone", which contrasts the traditional authority of the gods with the notion of secularity and free will. That brings us - without a course that I am aware of - to Marushka Detmars. He brings to mind a cartoon in New Yorker a few years ago. Two hippopotamuses are deep in the neck, looking at a gazelle drinking from the shore, and a hippopotamus says to the other: "I hate it." She's a good actress. (Let me get rid of this). But the others in the movie. She carries with her, in her discourse and way, the rich glow of the moon worn. And everything comes from the actress, not the executive help. Detmars is not maddened in the way Catherine DeNeuve was crazy in "Repulsion." The walls do not turn into rubber and grow hands. Instead, we see animated animation - sometimes animated. And it gives us shocking shocks when mood changes suddenly and becomes threatening for how a threatening storm faces. A critic described it as suffocating, but it probably is not the word he's looking for. She is impressively beautiful with her fluffy, brown hair, her impressive smile, her impulsive giggles. And her eyes are like the eyes of the paintings on the walls of the ancient Egyptian tombs. Sexy parties are pretty erotic, not so much because one of them is explicit, but because we've come to know the characters involved. (It is more interesting to spy the young honeymoon in the neighborhood than to go to a skin blow.) In fact, there is not such a big sex. There is only one scene of simulated sex act, but the director allows him to play in what seems real time. At least real-time for an eighteen-year-old boy. The young man who plays Andrea is also good, which is a necessary thing because the film depends almost entirely on himself and Giullia. They have to carry it and they do it. If it were not for their performance, I'm not sure that this would be as interesting or an admirable blow as it is. It could have turned into a rather slow, boring story. Merit.
