Oh, yes, the blockbuster of all stars. Take such a concept, compose it in a script and load it with every extraordinary effect that Wizards of Hollyweird can create, then spin the usual suspects: hot, hot, wanna-be and never-wuzzes, and stick- making them all in rolls of various sizes in front of the unobtrusive eye of the cameras. And I hope to find that some of them are not too old to remember their lines. Let the Box Office bishops finally apply the concept of horror films, as in the case of the post-EXORCIST thriller SENTINEL. Novelist Jeffrey Konvitz has decided to try Ira Ira Levin's Ira Levin's screenplay, Ira Levin's ROSEMARY'S BABY, about gay neighbors (and ultimately Satanic) in a brown brand in New York. The result was a controversial best-seller that some claimed to have bordered on plagiarism and on an equally controversial, co-written and directed by Michael Winner from DEATH WISH, but for many disturbing reasons. > <br /> Cristina Raines (NASHVILLE) plays a successful model of Alison Parker, which is quite overworked and overworked (I will not add "overpayment." That is, it is a model, so it would be redundant) not only through her 24/7 program, but also by her insistent friend, "wants to get married" - now "now" Michael (Chris Sarandon from DOG DAY AFTERNOON and the classic SOB.IG LIPSTICK). One of the ways in which she decides to try to get rid of everything is to move in her place; a beautiful brownstone in Manhattan, which can get cheap dirt (which should have been the red BIG flag - cheap real estate in New York!) from the broker that hosts the mysterious Miss Logan (veteran Ava Gardner, fresh from drain storm in EARTHQUAKE.) Things look good at first, but ah, yeah ... then there comes the noise and pockets of the apartment upstairs at night. And what about the strange neighbors like Gerde (Sylvia Miles) and Sandra (an early beer Beverly D'Angelo), the "lesbian" friends who live together and Mr. Charles Chazen (a creepy Burgess Meredith) who seems a little too preoccupied with the welfare of Alison? And not to mention other squirrel cohabitants (you will never hear the expression "black and white cat, white and black cake" again, no longer wanting to laugh through the nose and eventually vomit simultaneously.) Especially the priest blind man who lives in the Penthouse ... Things really start to descend when a nightmare of Alison's apparatus turns into a serious crime (in one of the most frightening spots in the movie) and both Alison and Michael, with some help from Alison's BFF, Jennifer (Deborah Raffin), begins to compose the puzzle that reveals the dark brownstone origin and the criminal agenda of its inhabitants from other worlds, not to mention Alison's connection with them seems to be something different from coincidence. Although there is nothing controversial about supersaturated distribution, which seems to be characteristic of every actor of various genres looking for work at the time (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Eli Wallach, John Carradine, and even his early appearances Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visitor!) The winner and the company have returned to bombastic themes and fired a "Tod Browning" ... by enrolling physically challenged actors to appear in SENTINEL's climatic sequence, "everything and Everybody, "which I think any balsy director will do, will not have access to Linda Blair and a case of green-pea soup. Surely you will leave with your Arctic fingers playing the spinal cord as a cake, knowing this little spicy information as you look. She also has a technique where filmmakers have just begun to come back: live and special effects that do not involve CGI (which did not exist then equally non-existent). /> SENTINEL has that kitschy cheese factor, late-seventy, but manages to distinguish from time to time with a few gas-inducing moments as mentioned above, not to mention that feeling of fear of fear that horror writers find it easy to play, isolation, and things that begin to get bang-and-strike in the night. After all, who lives in a single building did not stay in bed in the dark and listened carefully to the sounds of what they hope is "the building that setstles?" <br /> <br /> Konvitz followed THE SENTINEL with an inevitable continuation, THE GUARDIAN (not to be confused with the name of the supernatural thriller William Friedkin), which has never been adapted to the screen. = sigh of relief =
