I'm not sure why this little film has been exiled in obscurity, despite some rather silly actions; The Sentinel is a smart and inventive horror movie that offers most of the ghosts of today's highly appreciated ghosts, more than just running for their money. Michael Winner has admitted many times that he is not the best director of all time and who shines many times with this film; but we have to say that the movie works despite the uninspired direction, and the fact that Winner has somehow managed to round up a simply amazing cast of talents more than he did for him. The land is rich in mystery and begins by focusing on Alison Parker and her hunt for an apartment. She finds she can not afford the most properties she's looking for, but she thinks her luck has changed when she finds a fully furnished apartment at an affordable price. Its problems begin immediately after moving, because she does not like neighbors very much ... and this problem grows when the real estate broker tells him that he has only one neighbor; a blind, elderly priest on the top floor ... The distribution list is truly superb, with the relatively unknown Cristina Raines pointing to a large bowl of support. Chris Sarandon is a small player in the role of Raines, but also small parts like John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, to name just one more hand than to compensate Sarandon's lifeless portrait. Michael Winner does a good job at its central location because the housing block offers a creepy and macabre setting for the story. The movie is a bit slow to get started, but it's never boring; and Michael Winner's script offers a surprise that is almost impossible to guess from the offset, which certainly deserves a praise. Like many sluggish slow horizons, it does not go for money shot early - but unlike many, the end is a definite climax, as Winner goes everything to shock the spectator and whether the rumor that he actually used human strange is true; I have to say he does a really good job of doing this! Generally, while this movie can be pure hokum no matter how you look at it; Sentinel is one of the best films of its kind and is certainly a climax for his director.
