This is going to be one of my favorite horror movies. It is a rich, classical production with an excellent cast of actors, a beautiful cinema on the scene, a haunting musical score, a smart and new plot of plot, and an atmosphere of horror and threat. It's a reminiscence of classic movies such as ROSEMARY'S BABY and THE SHINING, in which young, vulnerable women find themselves victims of supernatural forces in old, creepy buildings with a macabre past. Here, CRISTINA RAINES plays a top fashion model in New York called Alison Parker. Her happy and outward exterior masks a deeply troubled and troubled soul. This is evidenced by the revelation that, in her past, she tried to commit suicide twice - once as a teenager after she entered her degenerate father, descending into bed with two women and broke a silver crucifix of on his throat and threw him on the floor, and the second time, after her married wife's boyfriend's lawyer allegedly committed suicide over learning their business. By telling Beau (interpreted by a suitable CHRIS SARANDON) that he needs to live alone for one year, he answers a newspaper announcement for a fully furnished and spacious bedroom in an old stone in Brooklyn Heights. This building exists and is located at 10 Montague Terrace, right next to Brooklyn Heights Promenade on Remsen Street. The producers actually filmed inside the building and its apartments, paying residents for their inconvenience, of course. Real estate agent Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER) seems very interested in taking Alison to take his apartment - an interest that can not be explained by the 6% commission he would earn. Especially when she quickly drops the rental price from $ 500.00 per month to $ 400.00. Alison also agrees on leaving the building with Mrs. Logan, she noticed that an elderly man stood and looked at her from the window on the top floor. Miss Logan identifies her as Father Halliran and tells Alison he's blind. Alison's answer is very logical - "Blind? Then what is it looking at?" After moving, Alison meets some of the other residents of the building, including a lesbian couple played by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, who gives Alison an inconvenient reception in the building. Alison's mental health and physical well-being begins to deteriorate soon and is affected by the division of headaches and fainting spells. When she expresses concern to Miss Logan that her sleep has been disturbed by a night, by crashing the metal and the powerful steps from the apartment directly above her, she is terrific to know that, besides the blind priest now Nobody has lived in the building for the last three years. She called the courage one evening to confront her night torture, armed with a butcher's knife and a flashlight and entered the upper apartment. She faces the specter screamed by his dead father's cancer and uses the knife in it to defend him when he comes after her. Police investigate and find no sign of violence in that apartment - no corpse, no blood, nothing. However, Alison fled the building and collapsed on the street, covered with blood, as it turns out. But it's not a sign on it. What Alison does not realize until the end of the movie is that her being in that brown stone has a purpose. It was put there for a reason - a reason originated from the biblical story of the Garden of Eden and the angel Uriel, who was posted at his entrance to guard him from the devil. She is undoubtedly thrilled and prepared by the Catholic Church to assume a very important role - one who guarantees that her soul, who is cursed for the two suicide attempts, can be saved. At the same time, the "invisible" neighbors, which turn out to be more than weird strangers, have a different order of sight in her mind. This is a competent and intelligent film made and surprisingly surprises the Church and its representatives in a more sympathetic light.
