This horror film, based on the novel of the same name, suffers from flawed production and amateur direction, but it is, however, strangely convincing. Unlike shock shocks such as The Exorcist, this film takes the viewer into a slow and still-life bath in a bad pool. It sneaks into horror, appearing in the audience with the same dreaded dream, as she sees the poor little girl who was freely chosen to be the next sentinel. His assigned tasks are to stand at the gates of hell and prevent evil from coming out into the world. This fits into her in an atonement for attempted suicide earlier in her life. The story is true for the book, which was riveting, but the way it is edited can lose the viewer. There are subtleties in the plot that are lame and have never explained in a satisfactory way that this movie hurts. It's a shame. Sentinel is not a kind of blow; it is more a watch and an unpleasant noise. As a bad car wreck, there is a constraint to show even when it becomes unbearable. This movie is not all bad, and it still has the ability to shock. The distribution was competent. Christina Raines was fascinating as Alison, a vulnerable girl under the spiritual attack on both sides, a pawn in the never-ending battle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was good as her lover, but ultimately selfish. Eli Wallach and a very young Christopher Walken are the detectives struggling to discover the bizarre puzzle they have been handed to. Ava Gardner is elegant because the real estate agent does not know about the horrors that hide in the rental property. John Carradine, with his hands punctured with arthritis, is excellent as the sentinel who has to be replaced. The devil plays to the charm of Burgess Meredith; is so sweet and yet so bad. There are future stars hidden in this movie: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of the poor girl, and Jerry Orbach plays successfully against the type of strange television director. Cursed souls at the end are portrayed by real strangers and geeks. Anyone who was thinking about doing this was a twisted but brilliant genius. Horror intruding into the film suddenly explodes, like when Alison opens a door and finds something that evokes a retrospect when she finds her father with the two curves. She enjoys the first suicide attempt, confronts a pair of strangely dysfunctional lesbians and sees a cat cut like a cake. From time to time, she pulled back and forth through reality and fantasy through dreams and nightmares awakened without the means to cope. Indeed, the devil is trying to chase her crazy enough to commit suicide before becoming the next sentinel. Will succeed ...? In summary, the horror film, which moves slowly but indiscriminately, is well-practiced, but stupid, and a horror film typically 70 years before the hawk breaks out. (It's not a word game) This movie may not work for those with a short attention, but it can still send chills to the spine and can still offer a low shock. There is a strange and fun impregnation in the field of evil.
