Michael Winner is probably best known for his revenge movies, such as "Death Wish" and "Land Chato," but he is also talented as the director of the horror movie theater, as The Sentinel in 1977 shows. The Sentinel, based on a novel by John Konvitz who wrote the script, is a smart and very creepy chiller that no occult horror lover thinks he is missing. The film is obviously inspired by successful classics such as Rosemary's Baby, Exorcist or The Omen, but, as far as I'm concerned, it's also as easily anxious as these more appreciated movies, even creepier. Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young model in New York. Traumatized by her past events and still unwilling to marry her boyfriend (Chris Sarandon), Allison is looking for an apartment and finds a great and incredibly beautiful apartment, also accessible to an old mansion in Brooklyn. The new apartment, however, comes along with a bunch of other very strange tenants. And our sinister neighbors soon become more than a little dull to Alice ... Maybe it would not be a synopsis of the proper plot, but I would like to destroy any of the wonderful moments of this film, so I will not give description of the plot. What I will say, however, is that "The Sentinel" is a very creepy and effective film that takes advantage of a large cast as well as a often bizarre and unusual atmosphere. The fact that director Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz also acted as producers had certainly an influence on the outcome. The film is imaginatively photographed, and the old Brooklyn Mansion is a fantastic setting for this type of movie. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is obscure and horrifying, and the movie also includes some moments of shock and true scarecrows. The film has many sinister and eccentric characters, and the cast is superb. Beautiful Christina Raines is wonderful in her role as Allison Parker, loving and yet on top, to lose her mind. Chris Sarandon is also very good as her boyfriend, a successful attorney, and the distribution support includes many great names, such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger, before become very famous. The film also includes celebrities such as Ava Gardner, Horror John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and, my personal favorite, the great Wallach as a cynical detective. I have been a great fan of director Michael Winner for a long time, especially for films such as "Death Wish" and "Land Chato". "Sentinel" is still a great film in Winner's repertoire, as well as proof that man is not just a master of hot vengeance cinema but also of occult atmospheric horror. Overall, "The Sentinel" is an occult, creepy, intelligent and amazingly bizarre racket that is highly recommended to all Horror fans!
