Michael Winner's director / screenwriter is a supernatural horror movie better than expected (though he is still hip-hopped), which really gets unnoticed. Of course he could borrow ideas from other similar thematic horror films of this period, but he still manages to bring a psychological footprint to the smoke material (good to evil) and a unique vision that has a fair share of impressive expansiveness of exploitation. On the whole, it is a sketch, but it remains interesting by instilling a threatening charge without meeting the aggressors. In fact, there is always something that happens between her busy cadres, but rather down, played with her soap-driven shocks and atmospheric makeup to her culminating, repulsive and fierce climax with a throbbing revelation. Winners dressed in victory might feel pedestrians, yet the ensemble of films that holds him together? as you try to see the faces. There is also a lot. Some have more to do with the scheme of things than others, but there is no doubt that each one is committed despite the gentle nature of cruelty of all. It is interesting to see names like Sylvia Miles (who is significantly creepy!), Beverly D'Angelo (the same), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger. Then, you had a Chris Sarandon and a wonderful Cristina Raines in the maneuver. Supporting José Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. The script casts around many characters, but also notions, but spreads apart by trying to squeeze everything in. However, disorienting the aerial work in his favor in establishing the suspicion and deception of what is really happening here. Is there a reason for all this, and why is Raines' character surrounded? The emphasis is mainly on that subtle angle, as she slowly begins to see the light of her inner voyages and the weird / worrying experiences she encounters when she moves into her new apartment. Here Winner tries to highlight the terrible shades that project a few frozen moments. Gil Melle was the man responsible for the gruesome, gruesome, orchestral orchestral score never losing a clue, and Richard C. Kratina takes care of the big picture.
