The NYC model, Alison Parker (Cristina Raines), rents a room in an old brown stone where she meets some bizarre neighbors and experiences some terrible hallucinations. While lawyer Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) goes to ask questions in her name, she strives to maintain her health (not to mention her will to live) because her experiences have an effect on health physical, mental and emotional. /> <br /> I do not want to spoil the better moments in this psychological horror movie for those unknown to him. The story is exciting and entertaining, but the film does not offer much in terms of real spells. Or, for that, any atmosphere. It's a kind of quiet sinister, but it's not like a traditional horror movie. It is more a story about the troubled women's attempts to cope with the increase in the unreality of her life. At this level, it works, but it is not strong enough. What "The Sentinel" * offers are some of the attractions (especially the fascinating, frightening climax and there is a scene with Beverly D'Angelo that must be seen as credible). There are also some gore to be seen, but not very much. A threatening music score by Gil Melle adds to the threat. No review of this film would be complete without an appreciation of the filming to gather such excellent actors for the distribution of its ensemble. Some of them do not do much, but to see them together is impressive. Eli Wallach and Burgess Meredith make the biggest impression that a heavy-handed detective and a worrying neighbor, respectively. Other legendary names include Jose Ferrer, Arthur Kennedy and Ava Gardner. Future stars such as D'Angelo, Christopher Walken, Tom Berenger, Jeff Goldblum make short appearances, and other known faces include Jerry Orbach, Sylvia Miles, William Hickey and Martin Balsam. Who was the distribution director for this film, deserves a kind of prize. Written for director Michael Winner's screen, perhaps best known for the "Death Wish" series he made with Charles Bronson, from a novel by Jeffrey Konvitz. I would not think this is a terrible horror thriller, but it has its moments and it's quite fun. <br /> <br /> 7/10
