Sigh?? I wonder honestly why all the critically acclaimed and profound filmmakers of the film have such a wickedness against director Michael Winner? Surely he is not an avatar of subtlety because his films are practically always hard to handle and confront, but what? I'm incredibly fun. The most popular action movies, such as the first three entries in the Death Wish series, for example, are easy targets to shake down because they claim to glorify the violence and personal use of chickens, but even when Winner a more mature cinema genres ?? such as the religious horrors of the "Sentinel" for example? he has no chance with any of the critics. The "Sentinel" generated some controversy and angered more people when it was released that Michael Winner threw really malformed and disabled people to describe creatures trying to cross the gates between hell and earth. Pretty much the same controversy has caused Todd's Browning's masterpiece and landmark in the horror cinema "Freaks" to remain forbidden and unseen for over thirty years! And why? Just because some prudent and slightly offended people, who should not watch the movie first, claim that it is an unethical thing to do? I do not think Michael Winner or Todd Browning kept these people in the gun or forced them to appear in their movies, so what gives us the right to feel embarrassed for them? Another major reason why critics have not warmly received "The Sentinel" is because Jeffrey Konvitz's novel "and thus Michael Winner's script" is an extraordinary derivative of other contemporary, but much better, horror stories, and so, according to the ruthless style of criticism of horror, is a bit more than pure plagiarism. Of course, The Sentinel borrows more substantial elements from "Baby Rosemary", "The Omen" and "The Exorcist," but let's admit , the cinema of the 1970s blooms greatly stolen formulas and imitates success stories. If you overlook the slightly non-original concept and, with all fairness, a handful of completely disturbing and unnecessary sub-plots, "The Sentinel" still remains honest with a unique and often scary 70-horrific atmosphere, with an impressive overall cast and nightmares, you are not likely to forget easily. joyful model with some unplanned mental trauma, moves into an amazing apartment in Bruxlyn, deep against the will of her boyfriend, Michael, who proposed to marry more than once. Alison's physical existence, and especially his mental condition, changes drastically shortly, and the menacing apartment seems to be the root of all misfortunes. She meets with eccentric neighbors and takes part in birthday parties for their cats, even if she says she and a blind priest are the only tenants. She blooms frequently during her work missions and has really horrible visions of her bastard father and the night she tried to commit suicide. It seems slowly that Alison was chosen to serve a supernatural purpose more in this apartment building, but the malicious forces are trying and preventing it. It's really regrettable how promotional labels and even synoptic shorts on the back of the DVD immediately reveal that the brown apartment in Alison is the gate of the earth in hell and she is the one chosen to keep it because the film scenario is slowly building towards this shocking revelation. For nearly 75 minutes (and over painful and overwhelming sequences), Michael Winner successfully claims that Alison's mind is playing with her, and that the involvement of the Catholic Church and the strange behavior of her fiancé are simply red. Many horrible scenes come pretty close to being a genius, such as Alison's retrospective or her first acquaintance with the top priest. The whole climax, with the controversial appearances of the aforementioned guests, is a literal perversion of pure terror and easily one of the most amazing and revealing I have ever seen. Michael Winner has distributed to gather is profoundly impressive, especially since "The Sentinel" remains a legitimate horror film, and this genre is not the most popular among prominent actors, but of course you also have to list little distribution in perspective. With such an extensive distribution, obviously more roles in the movie are a little more than a cameo. Martin Balsam and John Carradine, for example, only appear on screen for a few minutes together. Some other people (such as Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger) can add a lot of fame to the film nowadays, but since the release they were still unknown to attract curious viewers. My personal choice for the best interpretations is addressed to Burgess Meredith as a blind neighbor and to Eli Wallach as a police satire inspector. Relatively unknown Cristina Raines is making an admirable job with the movie, and Chris Sarandon puts it back, even if she has a ridiculous mustache. In my humble opinion, "The Sentinel" is a great fun and frightening movie, and you must surely see the fans of the TRUE genre.
