Minor athletes Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) is a top model who lives with lawyer Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) in his apartment. She tried to commit suicide twice in the past: the first time she was a teenager, her father saw her mother's deception of two mothers in her house and then Michael's wife died. Since then she has forsaken Christ and the Catholic Church. Alison wants to live alone in her apartment and, with the help of real state agent Miss Logan (Ava Gardner), finds a lovely old apartment furnished in Brooklyn Heights for reasonable rental. She sees a weird man on the top floor window of the building, and Miss Logan informs that Father Francis Matthew Halloran (John Carradine), an orbiting priest who lives alone in support of the Catholic Church. Alison moves to her new location and once receives a visitor: her neighbor, Charles Chazen (Burgess Meredith), welcomes him and introduces her new neighbors. Then he invites Alison to the birthday party of Jezebel's cat in the night. The next day, weird things happen to Alison in her apartment and her health. Alison is looking for Miss Logan and is informed that she lives alone with the priest in the building. Another investigation shows that all the people he knew in the party were dead criminals. Fearful of the situation, Alison embraces Christ again, while Michael investigates the horrible events. Alison realizes he lives in the gate in hell. <br /> <br /> Although underestimated in the IMDb User Rating, "The Sentinel" is one of the best horror movies ever. I have seen this movie at least six times, being for the first time in the '70s, in the cinema. On September 7, 2002, I bought the imported DVD and saw it again. Yesterday I saw this movie again. Even after so many years, this movie is still terrible. The terrifying and frightening story is frightened even today. The tower is a constellation of stars and stars. You can see many actors and actresses who became famous at the beginning of their career. The horror film fans certainly worship "The Sentinel" and I am one of them. My vote is new. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): 'The Sentinel of the Damned' Obs .: On September 2, 2007, he saw this movie again.
