this is the first of a two-part story of the car-humanity conflict in the Matrix world, and offers spectacularly combining observations on the fear of the unknown man and the fact that he is usurped by politics, extensive religious and historical images, undermining the expected images of of the parties involved and a vision that is at least partly credible and thus terrifying of our near future. is not perfect, and some plotting points and images are both obvious and coincidental, but they have the desired effect and impact, and they tell a visceral and cautious story. This first part sets the stage - human societies have developed advanced and capable robots, mostly humanoid, to serve people who work in jobs, workers, constructions, etc., so that the population has become lazy and disturbing to them . a robot, however, revolts and kills the owner, asserting in the subsequent process that he simply did not want to die. he is destroyed, but when the masses of the robots are ordered to protect mankind, many robots stand up in protest, with many human sympathizers beside them. The images here are exploitative, telling racist raids and abuses, the Tiananmen Square, the Holocaust, and an overly challenging scene of a robot in a girl of a human face who was scared, knocked on her head and then shot while claiming " are real ". put on the ground, clothed with clothes and torn skin and clogged breasts. is an obvious and obscene image designed to present man's fear of uncontrolled elements and aggression towards groups based on individuals' actions. However, this first portion resembles a compressed version of the I Robot, but soon develops into a mature story, while the surviving robot contingent is exiled and gathers in the Middle East, in the cradle of civilization, as the narrator informs us. there the cars regroup and start to produce new AI and produce mass technology and market it with the human nations. we see an ad for a car that uses the hovering circular engines that rebellious ships use in movies and you see sentinel-type robots flying around Zero One, their city's name. their goods and trade make their economy grow and affect other economies to the detriment of governments and human authorities, setting a blockade in response. the machines send ambassadors in the shape of Adam and Eve resembling a UN congress to negotiate a peaceful resolution of the blockade, but they are removed with force and the scene is put to war in the second part. <br /> <br /> Animation is made by Studio 4 ° C, working in Animatrix animations, and is stimulating and stimulating visuals, offering scenarios such as image mounts, CCTV images and distinctive distinctive import scenes, and overall , perfectly presents the story. the plot may not be an original concept and may be based on the simplistic mentalities of the sheep and model patterns and resort to provocative impact material but after the tantalizing mystery of the first film and the vague brief information about Morpheus, a delightful exhibition of cataclysmic events that have left the devastated world and in the hands of machines that serve as a warning and as a vehicle for many observations and comments on human condition, the development of AI and the importance of harmony and cooperation and the devastating consequences of conflict and prejudice , themes that have expanded into movies.
