This was the first thing that occurred to me when I looked at the closing credits that Europe made on the screen, never in my life I had seen a movie with such a technical genius, the images Europe is so impressive that any film behind it will be just pale in comparison, look at Hollywood cinema Michael Bay, Ridley Scott, Europe has more ethereal beauty than any of the two could provoke them in a " one million years. Now I would be the first to save Lars von Trier a genius right behind his "Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark", but this is bad, that Europe has gone unnoticed by film experts for so much a long time is a crime against cinema, while overestimated garbage such as the Crouching Tiger, the hidden Dragon and life are beautiful cleaned up at academy awards (but what I know) Europe has been hidden, devoid of video stores and (until recently) channels. <br /> <br /> Images in Europe are not MTV shine; is not a case of style on the substance, but rather a dictatorial style of substance. As well as his first film "The Crime Element", von Trier uses the main character's perspective to attract us into his world, and like the Element, the movie begins with the main character (or, in the case of Europe, we, the audience) being hypnotized . As we move on the tracks, the voice of the Narrator (Max von Sydow) reckons us in a deep sleep until we awaken in Europe. This allows von Trier and the three cinemas to pay with time and image conventions, there are many scenes in Europe when a background character that is black and white will interact with a person in the foreground that will be colored , von Trier tries to show us how much he or she has the priority of the colored element or person along the plot, for example, no wonder that the first photograph of Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) is in color because it is the only character that shares have superiority to the film. <br /> <br /> The performances are good, they do not match the performance of von Trier movies, but that's just because the images are sometimes so distracting that you do not really raise them the first time round. But I would like to emphasize the fantastic performance of Jean-Marc Barr in the main role, whose blind idealism is slowly warned by the two opposite sides until he erupts into the final act of the films. Again, muck like The Element of Crime, the film ends with our hero incapable of waking up from his nightmare state, left in this terrible place, with only von Sydow's continuous narrative to seal his fate. Europe is an extraordinary film and I can only think of the pity that von Trier abandoned this film because he was clearly one of the most talented visual directors at that time, Europe, just like the rest of his cinematic cannon is full of a lot of iconic scenes. Its dedication to composition and mission-en-scenes is unrivaled, without mentioning its use of sound design and production. But since his melodies do not turn out to be Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, then who can argue, but it seems like a waste of imaginative talent. 10/10
