Prisons are not exactly famous for their good hospitality and happy vibes, with stories about battles, chaos, murder and, of course, extreme male ties! But the prison in this movie is another beast. Horror films in cells are, as you probably know, nothing new, because they emphasize and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia and the inability to escape? two of the biggest horror movie themes. With examples such as THE CHAIR (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), VERDE MILE (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and of course the whole exploitation of women in prison, another entry into this niche must be inventive and a lot of fun to boot to be recognized. Or at least you would have believed it. PRISON is definitely an incredibly fun and enjoyable walk and it is a shame that it is not as well known as it should be. The film, in short, focuses on an old prison (good, spirit!) That has been reopened. However, not only fellow prisoners and prison guards have to fear prisoners, but also a spiritually spiritually spiritual enemy, with only one thing in his mind; death! And boy, we're treated to wonderful death scenes! I will not hurt anything here for you, but there are plenty of innovative and pleasant crimes, all made by invisible hands. In addition to special effects and crimes, this film also has another thing for him; is thrown away. On stage theaters, we have the RINGS SEASON (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003), the star Viggo Mortensen (and for all the so inclined, yes, he becomes naked) whose performance is not only very credible but is made with such a Ability The character of Eastwood-esquire is so bad-to-bone and pleasant (a very delicate mix). Add it to a piece of actors "hey wait a minute-I-know-that-guy" and you made a big set of stars. Characters themselves do not have a three-dimensional dimension and, most of the time, they are found to be very stereotypical. We have a black occulist, a prison guard, an activist woman for human rights, and a lot of other characters. But with all sincerity, this "mistake" helps the film. Instead of developing the boring character in a too long balance, are we chucked, more or less, directly into action and, once it starts (very early), there is not one scene to be a stuffing? are balls to the wall plot. Unlike a certain SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION (Frank Darabont, 1994)! By sharing conventions like "slasher", this is somewhat a convention in itself, and, in a good tradition of ol 'slasher genre, PRISON punishes those who were wicked. Everything in all this is a wonderful film horror and one that, unfortunately, is overlooked and not mentioned in the horror world. With an excellent distribution and special effects, and rather original death scenes, this movie is highly recommended to horror fans. Do not be fooled into believing that it will be a small film of cheese, just because it was made in the United States in 1980, it is far from being cheese (though the very end ruins it) and, at the same time, far away to be tough and realistic trying to address issues like rape in prison, they are quite subtle made). They give 3.5 out of 5 luvs. A horror movie very fun, with really beautiful touches indeed.
