2003 was seen as the Matrix year, with the release of two sequels and a computer game that was, in fact, related to the plot of the film. Also released was a DVD with 9 short films, the most written and made in Japan and made as Anime. Japan makes some of the best animations in the world. Unfortunately, most of these shorts are disappointed. The best of them is the first part of a prequel at the first Matrix movie. The second Renaissance is made as a historical record. It is said how people did cars in their own way. People live high, while cars are graves, community workers, second-class citizens. In the year 2090, a BI-66ER car was tried for murder after killing the owners who wanted to disable it. The car does not have a fair trial and revolts begin around the world. World governments have ordered the dismantling of the cars. Many cars leave the human society and form their own country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily undermined human nations, forcing them into an economic crisis. The human block 01 and the rejection of the demands of machine peace, so people were responsible for the war that enslave them. The second Renaissance is an exciting watch with an excellent and traditional animation style. sets a convincing world. It shows how the machines were mistreated and that mankind sowed the seeds of their destruction. There is a political and social world, and the short one says very much in the short run. The short themes of action and style for the classic silent film Metropolis, partly beginning with the underworld. These are the themes of slavery, ill-treatment of the working class, and racism. In short, it also has some religious themes and religious iconography. In principle, people saw themselves as God and created the machines in their own way. Seeing themselves as masters of the machines. And cars use religious iconography, forming their nation primarily in the "cradle of human civilization" and machines coming in the United Nations dressed as Adam and Eve, offering an apple. The animation style is beautiful, made in the traditional anime style (such as Akira). Designed designs are wonderful, combining futurisms with historic cities, Washington D.C .. There is a future scene and surprising violence, which is the key to the film. Director Mahiro Maeda directed the anime sequence in Kill Bill Vol. 1, so he has good acclaim at Hollywood. He is willing to use violence and know how to keep a story. The only real complaint is a continuity error of the first Matrix movie, because Morpheus mentions that people do not have historical records or know who started the war. But it's a good watch.
