What we have here is a convincing piece of low budget horror, with a relatively original premise, a family-filled cast, and one of the most compelling shooting locations in the horror film history. So ... can anyone please tell me why this movie is so completely underestimated ??? "Prison" is Harlin's American debut, which still counts as the best effort, though he continued to make hits such as "Die Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea". The story unfolds entirely in an ancient and frightening prison in Wyoming, reopened for overpopulation in other modern state penitentiaries. Inside the former execution dungeons, the restless spirit of the last victim of the electric seat is still around. Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith), who was promoted now, was already 40 years ago when this innocent man was killed and the spirit still remembered his rolelessness in the unfair process. It seems that time has come for revenge. Viggo Mortensen plays a good thief in the car, which has to prevent a larger number of corpses, and Chelsea Field is the human human worker who slowly reveals the secrets of the past. "Prison" contains over half a dozen memorable sequential gore, but it is the unbearable tension atmosphere that will definitely stay! Unlike any other horror picture of that decade, "Prison" has an amazing sense of realism! By this, I refer to the authentic landscape and to the mood inside the prison walls, of course, and not to the supernatural crimes that are committed ... even if they are really disturbing. The best parts of the film are pictures of realistic and harsh prison sequences combined with visual chaos and shocking horror. The best absolute terrorist moment (who has given me nightmares since I saw him at an early age) focuses on a grizzly dead fight involving barbed wire. Haunting !! The scenario has only one flaw, but it's an ordinary one ... almost inevitable, I think: cliché! The story introduces almost any possible stereotype into a prison. We have the nasty perversion, fat with the "sweet drink," the fearful and racist guard avoids confrontation at all costs and? naturally? the old conceit in wise black, which serves a lifetime (did I hear anyone calling the name Morgan Freeman?) Do not look blind on these clichés is my advice because there are so many other things to admire. The photo is dark and damp, the mystery is sustained a lot and successfully, and the roles held in support of the B-class actors are excellent (fans will recognize Tom Everett, Tom 'Tiny' Lister and even Kane Hodder, immortal horror). Take a look at Wes Craven's terrible attempt "Shocker" or the "crap" with pebbles. This is the only prison cooler that deserves to be watched! In particular, given the popularity of Viggo Mortensen nowadays (I've heard he has played in a successful franchise involving elves, hobbits and other fairy creatures ...) this veritable 80th jewel of glory should get a DVD urgent!
