"Barry McKenzie's Adventures" began life as Barry Humphries's "Private Eye" cartoon based on an idea by Peter Cook. McKenzie ("Bazza" to his friends) is a fearsome, hard-hitting Australian hat, whose two main interests in life are sex (despite the fact that he has never had) and Fosters lager. In 1972, he found his way to the big screen for the first of the two exits. It was probably tempting Humphries to throw himself like "Bazza," but he left Barry Crocker's job wisely (later, to sing the theme to the television series "Neighbors"!). Instead, Humphries played several roles in the real fashion of Peter Sellers, most notably his aunt Eden Evera (who was before she became a woman). You know this will not be "The Importance Being Ernest" when its NPA censorship rating means "Not Allowed". Pom-ura Bazza is told by a Sydney lawyer that to inherit part of his father's will he must go to England to absorb British culture. With Aunt Edna, he took a Quantas flight to Hong Kong and then to London. A more efficient customs officer makes Bazza pay import taxes for everything he has bought there, including a suitcase filled with "Fosters lager tubes". As he says, "When it comes to running, Poms has reached the edge of the gypsies!" A heavy taxi driver (Bernard Spear) maximizes the fare, taking Bazza and Edna first to Stonehenge, then to Scotland. The streets of London are dirty, and their hotel is a spike-driven camel (Spike Milligan), which makes Bazza note notes in the electricity meter every twenty minutes. There is good news for our hero; he meets with other Austrians in Earls Court, and Fosters is on sale in British pubs. What is happening next is a series of comic escapades that take Bazza to play in his own commercial cigarette, his pants believing he is an aphrodisiac, a bizarre encounter with Dennis Price as a superior class perversion who likes it to be spanked while wearing a school uniform, a young conservatory dancing in Rickmansworth at a rock charity concert, chundering "(vomit) makes him almost an international star and eventually at BBC TV Center where he shoots the trousers down on a live talk show hosted by the man of the thinker himself Joan Bakewell A fire breaks out and Bazza's friends come to rescue Fosters' bottom boxes urinate on the flames in the mass This is a cry away from the works Bruce Beresford's "Breaker Morant," and "Drive Daisy," and he was rescued by critics because he was too "vulgar." Well, yes, he is, but he's also a big non-PC d "Bazza" is a disgusting creature, but its dignity for life is unmistakable, you can only help the guy. Its various urination ("Percy Porcelain Point") and vomiting ("Technicolor yawn") passed into English without many people knowing where they came from. Other celebrities include Dick Bentley (as a detective who banishes Bazza everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (later to play in Rock Follies), and even future show artist Russell Davies. - "Barry McKenzie Holds His Own" - it was great two years later. At his premiere, Humphries took the opportunity to destroy the critics who saved the first film. Hello to him. But what was more concerned about was the release of the Crocodile Dundee in 1985. He also presented an Australian who fought a hat with a foreign culture. And he made tons of more money. The song at the end of credits (made by Snacka Fitzgibbon) is magnificent. You have a love that includes the line: "If you want to send your sister in a frenzy, you will introduce it to Barry McKenzie!". It is time to finish this review. I have to go dunny to get my hands off with the unemployed ...
