I pulled a VHS box from my vast collection - many unseen - and I chose a movie based on the art of the tape, I thought it would be fun and yes, bad. The prison showed that those white drinks showed up all that box. I sat down and looked and, behold! and here we are, we have found that sometimes we really sit on a movie with preconceived expectations in mind. Luckily, I quickly reversed, and soon I realized I was down not just for a good film but for a pretty good movie altogether. Prison tells the story of an old, dilapidated, reopened prison to save budget concerns. They look creepy as all naked and full of prisoners. The prison used as a set is incredibly atmospheric and easily the most important character in the movie. The story that uses the prison as a central setting says in a prologue of a man who was killed by the electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guard-breaking a Crucifix before sending the man to Maker. Then we are going, first of all, with a government council at a meeting that decides to open the prison and sends a handsome doctor to make sure that the conditions in which she has vigorously campaign against the reopening of the old prison are acceptable. Then we see the new guard, Lane Smith, haunted by a nightmare in bed - and given the new prison opening service, it has not been for years. Well, the rest follows the example: prisoners and guards arrive with a lot of abundant stereotypes. We are given a depth of character, and some of the prisoners are interesting characters. The actor is better than he might expect Lane Smith to always do a job. Viggo Mortenson, as a very different prisoner, was solid. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister and Ivan Kane really exploring the limits of their stereotypical characters. Chelsea Field is good for female lead. The best interpretation is that of Lincoln Kilpatrick, an underestimated character actor, as Cresus - a prisoner who was in the same prison years ago when "the man" was executed "with a terrible secret. or something similar, but it certainly deserves a look and certainly better than expected from them. I was pleasantly surprised by how Renny Harlin created a story so visually, atmospheric, rhythm, and Harlin knows how to -and build scenes. There are some exaggerated gore scenes - the barbed wire was a bit more like the one with all the pipes, but these scenes are creative and interesting visuals. A more inherent scenario, much more consistent than usual, from movies like this, which can be partly credited to Irwin Yablans, who wrote the story, maybe you remember the idea of ​​making Halloween scary. that incarceration becomes more frightening than it is already. Grant the Penitentiary a break (get it).
