Short Summary <br /> <br /> This movie opens with soldiers released from the men's company. One of them follows another with a strange scheme and the other one repeatedly refuses. Later, both get trapped in an office building where they want to break a vault during Christmas holidays. Hostility turns into a playful banter and then into a desperate struggle of survival (during the banter I lose all the liquor drink, so it's really serious). With exposed, well-built and well-lubricated strings, they rip a hole in a wall and eventually manage to escape? just to find out that they were betrayed and set up by women. One is caught, the other remains free and is not given by his companion. A last date, a last light for a cigarette, adieu l'ami, goodbye, buddy. It was hard for me not to see homosexual camouflage in the two main characters played by classical superstar Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They are obviously attracted to one another, their treatment for women is abominable and marked by contempt for life. The whole story seems to have a strong symbol, little like the liberation. It is also very stylish. Of course the two men want to break into a ?? for the time? ultra modern glass and aluminum tower. It is the headquarters of an advertising company, so there are many fancy posters and wall coverings around. Also, the wardrobe is very good. The ultra-stylish Citroen DS (perhaps the most modern and elegant car of all time) has great features in this movie? perhaps a kind of subtle destination of product placement. I can recommend this movie only for actor's performances. Delon and Bronson really share the top billing in a way that hit me as very fair and sporty. Both make a considerable amount of acrobatics. I have never seen Bronson better than here, he even acts - and he speaks French all along, with a hard focus I really buy very passive. And it is certainly the man we hear. (So ​​the French version is highly recommended). The police inspector who watches the two is played by one of the favorite characters of the Frank characters, Bernard Fresson, who was Gene Hackman's partner in French Connection II. He's the best intelligent police inspector I know. Also very good is the former child actress Brigitte Fossey as a young man who, as it turns out, is not as innocent as it seems first. Anyone who expects the "old in-out-out" of classic crime movies could be disappointed with this movie. For those with little patience, this will be a rewarding experience, full of original and original and regretting ideas, though I'm too brutal and sadistic for her sake.
