Slightly tactical, strange (the look of the swallowed moment of a beautiful blonde that stood as a trigger puppet for some rich people), a useless but undoubtedly convincing feature. This unconditional French production is a stew of perplexing ideas of unfocusing and random plot illustrations centered on its very charismatic stars (if somewhat anti-heroes) Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. Indeed, they fail to do so much, especially during the closed middle section, where they hide in a building during the Christmas break to break a safe with 10,000 possible combinations. Fun! But this is the moment when the strange, intriguing relationship is formed between the characters of Delon and Bronson. After a manipulation of wills (and childish games against others), the two come to an agreement that sees them honor their mutual involvement and mutual respect. This would continue to play an additional role in the second half of the second story, with that undetectable curve. Their encounters at the time suggest that there are more, but what we get is vague and this is magnified by the fact that "What's going on there?" which could make you jump. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! I'm glad to get this out of the system. <br /> <br /> Pacing is terribly slow, but measured with pleasure for him, and this seems to be deliberately done to evaporate with his nervous and nervous stress underlining. Watch that the same process repeats itself again and again, and you know something is wrong and that the schemes finally get into the game. Now everything that happens feels too spontaneous, but the gain of the climate is haunted. Sophisticated complex scripture is probably too little false for its good, but there are some moderate novelties (coins, glass and liquids, do not try to spill) and visual symbols. Jean Herman's direction is sophisticated and low in efficiency, but you get an artificial shade and infuse an uncluttered atmosphere of ice. The sound FX has more than a strong note than that of Francois DeRoubaix's funky score, which is mainly kept wrapped after its sizzling opening. The top drawers Delon (which is quite steel) and the Bronson (a jovial tower) are solid, and work on each extraordinary. Bernard Fresson breaks his attitude as an inspector who knows that more happens than what is being run. An attractive female casting has the support of Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot. A cryptic drama without directions but polished, led by the two leaderships and some bizarre inclusions.
