If you are already a fan of the wonderful books of Peter O'Donnell, Modesty Blaise of the 1960s, you will really enjoy this movie. If you've ever seen the movie "Modesty Blaise" since 1966, forget it! It was camp. This is the modest Blaise. Story and character are both true to the modesty that book fans know and love. It's a long way since Joe Losey's 1966 transvestition, and that's what makes us modest. Alexandra Staden is pretty good and credible on that side, and yes, we get to see her ass. chuckle This is likely to be the first movie in a series and as such serves to introduce Modesty, her childhood and her days with Lob. Since Peter O'Donnell was the film's creative consultant, everything is true. Even O'Donnell's story told about how he conceived the character, as he said. After reading all the books, I liked the movie even more for that. Now, when Miramax retained his property option, making this film by Quentin Tarrentino, I hope to see more of Modesty stories asap. Especially as Willie Garvin's wonderful character makes Modesty's character come alive. To this end, I hope the film is doing well in Europe. I do not know if Miramax plans to distribute the DVD in the US. I suspect he could not do that well in the US in the general distribution. I wonder how Miramax decides where and how to distribute his films. In the story, Modesty is in the early 20's, working at Louche's casino in Tangier. Retrospective sequences are performed artificially and take Modesty from about 9 years old through her adolescents to her current age in the film - about 21-22, I guess. I really do not think there is a "perfect actress" for Modesty. For many of us Modesty fans, she has a very strong presence in our imagination already. Alexandra Staden is credible. She is very thin, graceful and ready. It has a lot of close up. She has a wonderful face - one that will stay in your mind after the movie is over. According to O'Donnell's illustrator, Romero, Modesty has a bigger figure than Staden, but I'm willing to ignore it. If Staden continues the role, I think he will mature in her - just as Modesty gets stronger and more qualified as she ages. Staden already conveys humor and absolute safety to Modesty. Continue and rent this movie, it's not like anything you've ever seen, and even though it was directed by Scott Spiegel, it's full of touches from Tarrentino, room moves, lights and well-done action sequences.
