This is the first film by Jean Renoir Silent, which I have followed and probably rightly because it is generally considered to be the best, except that it was also his first important work. Overall, it is indeed a highly assured and technically made film that contradicts the fact that it was Renoir's effort alone. For the director's fans, he is full of interesting suggestions on the forthcoming Renoir films, especially THE RIGHTS OF A CHAMBERMAID (1946) and THE COACH GOLDEN (1952) - in his image of fools of the inferior class desirable crazy by various aristocrats who are ashamed of her - but also the rules of the game (1939) - showing that in a single sequence how the vagabond servants behave when their backs move away from the back - and CANCAN FRANCZ (1955) - Nana is seen having a go for the scandalous dance at a moment given. Personally, I would say that the film makes for a respectable play for G.W. Pabst (1930) PANDORA'S BOX (1930), "The Blue Angel" (1930) by Josef von Sternberg, and "Max Ophuls" (1955) by LOA MONTES in the vivid recreation of a courtesan's sordid life. the film was a critical and commercial failure when released - a "crazy business", as Renoir himself later did in his memoirs, which not only cost him a fortune (eventually reduced the resulting financial burden by selling on the feet of his father's painting), but almost made him give up cinema forever! From a stylistic point of view, NANA is quite different from Renoir's sound and owes a special duty to Erich von Stroheim's Foolish Wives (1922), a film Renoir admired very much - and on a personal note on which was to be reviewed by presto Kino DVD and the other von Stroheims for 4 years). However, NANA is not defective: a deliberate rhythm is felt over 130 minutes, with a few sequences (horse race around the middle, in particular), taking too much time. <br /> <br /> It is also difficult to take into consideration the exaggerated acting style of acting - especially Georges Hugon, Catherine Hessling, Nana and Raymond Guerin-Catelain (one of its different). although technically an actress (who goes to the courtesan lifestyle when pushed out of the stage) and, respectively, a weak weak. However, like Anna Magnani in COACH GOLDEN, Hessling (Renoir's wife at that time is not attractive enough to be very convincing as the "symbol of elegance" (as he describes it in a different way) that is capable of enslaving every other person he meets. Other notable members of the cast are Dr. Caligari, Werner Krauss (Nana's most fervent devotee, count Muffat), Jean Angelo (as a skeptic, but ultimately tragic Nana ) and future distinguished film director, Claude Autant-Lara director here) as a close friend of Muffat, but who is secretly surrounded by his neglected wife! <br /> <br /> Lionsgate's "Jean Renoir 3-Disc Collector's Edition" print is mostly restored and beautifully colored, which was previously available only on the French DVD. Based on a classic of French literature (not less than Emile Zola), she can not help but has been screened several times, and the two most notable versions are Dorothy Arzner's in 1934 (with Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill I owned the VHS) and Christian-Jaque in 1955 (with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer, with whom I am not familiar).
