I liked this movie. I totally disagree with some negative criticisms I have been reading over the years. This was an excellent vehicle for Eddie Murphy! Apparently, he played a large part of Chandler Jarrell's role and should never care about what critics say, if it was fun to do it? and most of her audience enjoyed it! And, it was fun to look at because it combines fantastic high-tension with Murphy's comic style. Do you have to remember that the "Golden Child" is a "fantastic" movie? just an imaginative work of magic and wonder in the middle of the "real" world. During the release of this movie, I was working in a video rental shop. This was one of the most popular for all our customers. Every time we put it on our monitor, ALL of the copies we came out with quick queries that kept him on the queue for months! Everyone who rented it loved it! Was I the critic of the resident film and all my regular customers would ask for my opinion before hiring? this was one of my favorites and I knew the taste of my clients, so I recommended most of them. Do I really feel this movie is a bedroom? you might not have done good at the box office? due to very poor marketing? but hit a big in the rental market and buy video later! (YES, I bought this movie for my own video library!). Did I love the little boy who played the Golden Child? J. L. Reate - but after seeing his profile in IMDb, I noticed he never made any other movies. This is sad, because he certainly had an aura on screen and could have continued with a film career. I also worshiped Victor Wong, who sang the old man (I loved him in the role of "Egg Shen" in "Big Trouble in Little China" - 1986). Anyway, it was a great movie. The only drawbacks that did not seem to match the theme were some of the parties that have a little more "adult" in nature? such as Chandler's sexual remarks about the snake lady who were presented to him as a silhouette. It was fun, but it was not synchronized. OK, so there were some free suggestions? they were made available to the mind of the day, probably. This was yet another type of adventure and escapist film that we need today to get rid of all the core reality and depression of the Hollywood hit. Now, that's Entertainment!
