I always feel strange and guilty saying (because I'm a pretty well-educated teenager), but I'm really like Olsen twins and I respect the movies I make, even if I was not really a public target. "When it was in Rome," it was a traditional Mary-Kate and Ashley movie, complete with travels, accents, motorcycles, adult romance as "B", fashion orientation, and even the gag on credit. I had fun. "When in Rome" and the other twin films Olsen never claim to be something that I am not; most of the time, they just premiered on the video, and they never claim to be the next "Citizen Kane" or even "a business to remember". My point is that people watching this movie and waiting to be anything but another Olsen twin film will be disappointed. That being said, those who are fans of the Olsen twins will truly enjoy themselves. For those of us who have watched since the first episodes of Full House, it's really great to see them growing in mature roles. This movie provides important historical and geographical information, just like many of their other films (remember 10 Downing Street from "The London Winner" and the visit to the Louvre from "Passport to Paris"?), As well as good and clean to enjoy the whole family. As long as I still feel I'm on the soapbox, and as long as I can make it relevant to the movie, let me take a moment to challenge them who reject the Olsen twins: To be a fan of Olsen twins, you do not have to be a California valley woman. In fact, this is not the target audience. If it were, the fashion line MK & A of clothing and accessories should have gone through Gap or such a store, not Wal-Mart. "When in Rome," while "high fashion" is present and the globe-trotting and two girls in a valley in Cali, it really is NOT ABOUT that ... it's more about the inspiration of the young girls who have the initiative to allow them to take their seats. If this means setting the movie in a brilliant bright city with cute boys on motorcycles, so be it. This is called marketing - get an idea and sell it by making it appealing. At least they send a good message, even if the means seem to be a bit superficial. Practically, do not beat the movie until you see it and then do not beat it until you've tried to understand what Olsen twins do: encourage young girls to be creative, young, intuitive and guided women. This movie does that, I think, like the others. Kids - Enjoy. Parents - do the same thing. If you like Olsen twins, you will not be disappointed.
