I thought it was a splendid exhibition for Mandy's Bodys Point. If you do not expect anything like smart plotting and credible character development, you will not be disappointed. Think about it, an illustrated sporting story, whose character meets around killing people, especially those who threaten to come between her and her mother (Suzanna Arquette, who obviously does not want to play the cat - she leaves her daughter) . Mandy's face is a little too perfect, but her body is a complete fire of 5 alarms up there in Sophia Loren's ranks when it comes to the natural bust, a perfect 7 to 10 ratio between waist and hips and splendidly shaped legs, even to her feet. (There must be an ideal knee thigh at ankle calves that is entirely pleasing to the eye, Mandy is certainly the model for this idealized ratio). And no flat bottom to boot, which seems to be the overthrow of many busty babe with curves everywhere except the hemispheres below. Mandy could have used a double body in the back shot of losing her towel, getting down in the hot candy bathtub with a German-guy 2 victim, but from what I saw from her bikini photos, the ass for her and did not need a double to prove it. Mandy's acting skills had nothing to do with her impression of psychotic "Mother's Face," with obvious erotic lesbian accents. Her bisexual nature (allowing her to flush in the hot tub after a long flirtation with Guy No. 2, who also happened to be her mother's lover) added an extra dimension to a one-dimensional caricature of female teenage girls in conflict with (always by water with men - Latina's last fate was edited in the TV version for an obscure motif). The facial features of Mandy Uber-Nordic along with the Uber-Voluptuous Body could be either a blessing or a curse. If Mandy really wants to pursue her career as an actress, I would advise her to fully immerse herself in Romanesque, especially Italian and Spanish, and maybe French, though they do not know if they will go to her genre. But that would allow her to reconcile Bo Derek's face with her body Vida Guerra - but perhaps her face is just a little too Nordic and she has shown too much of her extraordinary body in a cheesy movie, allowed him to move forward in any more fame that was enjoyed by Michelle Johnson in the 1980s, whose early fame in Blame it on Rio was followed by a series of skin movements that failed to make it out of the field. Vambo Drule.
