* Contains spoilers due to the fact that I have to describe some film techniques, so read at your own risk! * I loved this movie. Using shade in some scenes makes it look like an old photo coming to life. I also enjoyed the people projection on a back screen. For example, in one scene, Leopold calls his wife and she is projected behind him, rather than in a typical split screen. Her face is huge in the back and Leo's is in the foreground. One of the best uses of this thing is when young boys kill Ravensteins in the train, a scene shot in a nearly political poster style with almost UPS. He reminded me of Battleboat Potemkin, that steady constant style, coupled with the red spray, to transmit horror tones without too much gore. Just like the scenario where Katharina finds her father dead in the tub ... you see only the red water on the side. It's one of the things I love about Von Trier, his underestimation of horror, which ends up becoming more creepy. The use of the text in the film was unique, as when the character of Leo is pushed by the word "Werewolf". I've never seen that before in a movie. The use of black comedy in this movie has been well done. Ernst-Hugo Järegård is great as Leo's uncle. I remember the role I had in the Kingdom (Riget.) This humor makes the train's absurd training line of train drivers against the terrible ass of the Second World War and of all chaos easier taken. Reminds me of Riget in how the hospital administrator tries to maintain normality at the end of the first part when everything goes crazy. This shows that some people are truly unseen by the terrible things that happen around them. However, some people, like Leo, are directed, but they do nothing positive about it. The voice above, well done by Max von Sydow, is also funny. It attracts you in the story and makes you jump into Leo's head, which is sometimes a scary place to be. The film brings the point where one is a coward if they do not choose a side. I see the same idea used in the Dancer in the dark, where Bjork's character does not say for himself and ends up destroying it. Actually, at one point, Von Trier appeared to me anti-woman, making Breaking the Waves and Dancer, but now I know that his male characters do not fit well! I woke up in the same place at the end of Dancer, when you really want the main character to rethink their actions, but of course they never do!
