This well-conceived and well-researched document highlights the terrible situation of the islanders of Chagos who, between 1969 and 1971, show that they were mass forced deported from their homeland through the understanding of the British and American governments. Anglo-American political decision-makers chose to do so because of their perception that the islands would be vital strategic bases for controlling the Indian Ocean by designing air and naval power. At some point during the Cold War, when most post-colonial independent states moved away from Western orbit, British and American officials seemed to feel that letting insulars decide the fate of the islands was not a viable option. Instead, they chose to carry out the forced abolition of the native population. The film shows that no insult was made at the time of their expulsion, and that from the docks of Mauritius, where they were left, the disappeared Chagossian community fell into three decades of deprivation and, in these new conditions, suffered death rates substantially accelerated. After more than three decades, however, in the last months (and years), after releasing many profoundly grateful works from the British Public Records Office (one rather suspects that there was a certain mistake and these documents were not to be made public) because the legal appeals of the Chogosist community in exile have seen the British courts have consistently found themselves in favor of insulators and against the British state. As such, the amazing and worrying findings found in the film can only be reasonably seen as proven. However, the governments of the United Kingdom and the United States have so far not committed themselves to bringing the islands back to what the courts have definitively concluded, they are the rightful inhabitants. This is a very useful film for anyone, but it's important for the British and Americans to look. Being silent in the face of these facts is to be complicated in a profoundly ugly crime.
