Lars von Trier is never back in trying new techniques. Some of them are very original, while others are the best forgotten. He describes Germany after the war as a travel train journey. With so many ruined towns, Leo Kessler, an American young deserter, feels obliged to help restore them. It's not a simple task as it discovers it quickly. His uncle finds him a night job at the Zentropa railway line. His mission is to assist with the needs of passengers. When shoes are polished, a chalk is made on the soles. A terrible argument arises when a passenger's footwear is not cracked, despite being polished. There are many hints in German fanaticism to adhere to such stupid details. Rail travel is like an allegory that represents the procession of man through life, with all his trials and tribulations. In one order, Leo walks through the back trolleys to find them full of half-hungry bodies that seem to have just escaped from Auschwitz. These horrible images, as they are, are transient as in a dream, each with its own terrible and yet unrelated impact. At a station called Urmitz Leo he jumps out of the train with a split bomb. Given the many vicarials, he binds the bomb to the bottom of a stroller. He returns to the cabin and makes a connection with an hour clock. Later, he jumps out of the train (at high speed) and is in cold grass on the bank of the river. Looking at the stars above, he decides that his job is to build and not to destroy. Later, seeing the train approaching a giant bridge, he drives at speed to climb the train and stop the clock. If you want to analyze the situation, it is a completely impossible task. Pretty ridiculous in fact. It might just happen in a dream. It's weird as we recall small details like a string of cups hooked by hooks that shook the train. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that this movie is highly appreciated, I prefer the films of Lars Von Trier (Breaking the Waves and The Idiots). The bomb scene described above stopped me. Maybe I'm a realist.
