Fighting the death penalty is a fair cause. Everyone who is healthy in Europe would think so. In the US, everything is different. The film seems to demonstrate at first stage that justice can be won against racialist death penalty sentences, who want American justice. A young man is released from death by a law professor who has returned to defense counseling for this particular case. But the movie has a sequel. Justice in the US is wholly governed by the purpose of revenge. The loss of justice is equally driven by revenge. One person in the Local Public Prosecutor's Office has a young man prosecuted with false accusations. This lawyer's officer lowers the fees after a while and the young man leaves freely. But he loses his college scholarship and is castrated by rebellious men for whom there is no smoke without fire. She hides her shame and swears to make her revenge. But they also have to satisfy their sexual needs, which are more mental than hormonal, but certainly stronger, because they are mental and no longer hormonal, and can only do this with little girls. Looks like he's equipped with another serial killer who's the same kind of prey. One day, local policemen follow their intuition, guided by some vague circumstantial elements in the assassination of a young girl, and arrest the young man we are talking about. They beat him and interrogated him for 22 hours with blows and blows, telephone books and Russian weapons and roulette. He confesses. Sent to death, she asks her grandparents to go to Massachusetts' law professor who is the husband of the local public prosecutor who falsely judged him a few years ago and revenge is on the rails. It will not succeed, but it shows that as soon as one of the line of justice, police and other security forces escapes the line of absolute legality, there is an unfair act that can destroy even the best case of indictment and which can feeding the worst the deepest thirst imaginable for revenge. To accuse someone of circumstantial elements is as bad as to leave circumstantial elements to destroy police or judicial work. The best intentions of the police are ruined by personal involvement and rebellious intent as much as a person's life can be endangered by circumstantial elements inflated to the extent of the evidence, which in turn will endanger the whole case through just circumstantial, therefore easy to talk with a good lawyer. The film is a profound reflection on the need to respect standards and regulations along police and justice lines if we do not want to make a mistake, which in turn does not justify the death penalty, the deepest faith on which the Americans should have: "We believe that these truths are self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, including Life, Freedom, and Pursuit of Happiness." (Statement of Independence) Life is an inalienable right that was given to man by his Creator, which means that no one other than the one who gave it can take. Only God can take a person's life away. The death penalty is an arrogant appropriation of a power we do not have. Even if we do not evoke God, we can not justify the death penalty only as an act of vengeance, and here the film shows vengeance is the most serious possible motivation in teaching justice and in establishing public peace. If revenge is removed, there is no other justification for this death penalty. And it can always be a mistake in the search not of Happiness, but of revenge. Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne University, Paris 8 Saint Denis University, Paris 12 Créteil University, CEGID
