An impressive thriller, December 10, 2005 Author: Littlehammer16787 in the United States Just Cause Starring: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne and Blair Underwood. <br /> <br /> A liberal, though well-heart Harvard law professor Paul Armstrong is summoned to Flordia Everglades by black black convicted guy Bobby Earl. Assuming that sadistic, cold-hearted policemen, vilifiedied and beat him to a pulp to get the confession of a stunning crime of an eleven-year-old girl. While dealing more with this mysterious case, he realizes that Bobby Earl is a victim of discrimination. That black police detective, Lt. Tanni Brown, from the small community is corrupt and insensitive. When serial killer infamous, psychotic in series, Blair Sullivan, is introduced. He discovers that he knows where the murder weapon is, which kissed the little girl. When Armstrong discovers that there are lucid coincidences of Sullivan's journey through the little town and the letter he wrote. Bobby Earl gets a story. He is free of imprisonment and eludes his terrible punishment. Everything seems to be fine before an unexpected phone call from serial killer Sullivan to focus. Armstrong discovers a double killing that happens to be Sullivan's parents. Why he's going away a lot. Sullivan revealed to Armstrong the truth of the murder of Joanie Shriver and why he was brought here. It seems Bobby Earl is a psychopath killer and even raped and killed Joanie Shriver. He just hit a deal with the psycho Sullivan devil. To get to freedom, so it could kill again for revenge. A beautiful wife and daughter of Armstrong. Now, Sullivan is executed to death. Armstrong and the rough baton, Brown, drive the evil evildoer into the Everglades to counter it. When they arrive, Armstrong finds out that the psychotic boy Bobby Earl plans to kill his wife and daughter for a past rape trial that has inevitably made him suffer agonizing pain and castration. But good, Brown policeman appears and overturns brutally baddie. It is stabbed and eaten by ruthless algators, man-eating. Paul Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife and daughter survive and live happily afterwards. A good thriller working. It distracts both the mystery and the subterfuge. As neglected neglients are ruled by racist laws. Encouraged by unjust punishment. Even if sometimes the innocent convict, the friendly black man can indeed be the vicious baddie. Sean Connery is awesome as the most crazy, more holy than your hero. Laurence Fishburne is incredibly amazing as the average, arrogant but good policeman. Underwood and Harris are over and invigorating as malevolent psycho.Capeshaw is okay. Ruby Dee is great as the tough grandpa. The rest of the distribution is great as well.
