This movie is indeed a mixed bag. On the one hand, the story and the concept of the film are very good, tense and have some beautiful twists in it. But again, on the other hand, everything is said very slowly, without style and unimplication. Still, I see "Just Cause" as an average thriller, simply because of fine casting. Perhaps Sean Connery was mistaken in his role. I mean, he's not really as credible as the main "hero" and father of a young daughter (whom young Scarlett Johansson just interprets) and Kate Capshaw's husband. I feel it was just too old for the role to be truly credible in him. However, Sean Connerey is, of course, a great actor, and this is the only reason he is still able to wear the movie as good as he is. But he, of course, is helped by a very solid cast of actors such as Laurence Fishburne, Blair Underwood, Ned Beatty, Hope Lange, Lynne Thigpen and Ed Harris. All actors are really good, but some of them are very little used at the same time, which is a real shame as well as a missed opportunity. Especially Ed Harris is great in his role as a serial killer. It really cools and acts superbly. Normally, he does not play that ruthless and refreshing role in movies, so he even surprises himself with his role in this film. His only performance is already long enough to watch this movie. However, due to the fact that the story is said without too much style and too formal, none of the characters in the movie work well because it feels too distant. It's really the way to tell who kills the movie with its fine potential. Arne Glimcher leads the film with a small style and keeps the rhythm too low sometimes. For this reason, we, as viewers, never get involved with the story or any of its characters. It's really too bad, because "Just Cause" has more than enough potential. A fine cast and a slick story with some unexpected twists and turns into it where nothing is what it seems. Distribution and story are the only reason why this movie is still an average thriller that will probably still delight the fan of the genre. However, it is an eternal shame that the film is missing in its story and style, or else this film could have been a true classic in its genre. <br /> <br /> 7/10
