"Let's Bowl" started at local television in Twin Cities. It came late at night, something you prevented while navigating the channel after Hamm's seventh bottle. Even the ads were produced locally, with Wally outside Grumpy's Bar, holding a microphone and nervous - "Ahh ... over you, Steve Sedahl." I do not know why, but that always made me laugh. It was a bowling contest presented under the guise of solving a dispute between two bowlers, but the game was secondary to commentary and clips. Sedahl played straight, counterbalanced by the bizarre and hilarious "Wally Hotvedt" by Rich Kronfeld. Highlights include segments such as "How to remove an old bowling ball" and "Meeting tips" where the duo "dates" some prostitutes, and Wally ends up with the bitter complaint: I did that! "Another segment - what the duo did on free days - presented by Steve in beer can streaming huts, piging out of the fridge while Wally fought to climb the rocks at Taylor Falls, dressed in tight blue sky and big helmets Hilar! Wally's comments on the "league bowlers" and his struggle to apply the correct euphemism to the different divisions were also underlined. "Let's Bowl" was taken over by Comedy Central and had some good moments, but the network never knew what to do with it, running during the first day and highlighting the "bowling" competition, which has never been the point of view The concerts have interrupted the flow, and the side characters (Ernie, Porculus, Butch, etc.) were more distracting than anything else, and everything seemed hurried and forced. "Even Jon Stewart rejected Let's Bowl on the Daily Show - ( is not d east of the limp, jokes jokes?) - an ignorant treatment for a show that deserves much better. How often does a "Let's Bowl" come to the world of modern television, a combination of local comedy genius and a total carp? Networks have the totally evil part, but it's a sad thing to watch by killing a black, weird, funny rock like Let's Bowl. <br /> <br /> Here's the hope they'll put it on DVD.
