Preston Waters is on a bad summer. In addition to his birthday, nothing else seems promising. First, he has to share his own room with his brothers who will run a business. They can not do this in their rooms because they do not have enough space. At an anniversary party he only receives 6 chips, while others receive $ 32, $ 35 and even $ 50. When one of his birth cards comes early, he only receives a check for $ 11. Going to the bank, he learns that it needs at least $ 200 to start an account. Leaving the bench, a bully steals the check. Watching the child approach him (surely his bike is destroyed) by a killer named Quigley (played by Miguel Ferrer). Quigley has just come from the bank to give the owner $ 1,000,000 to give it to this guy tomorrow. Quigley starts writing a check for injury, but manages to write his name before a police car searches the area. Unfortunately, Preston gives him the check, informs him to give his dad to finish. That night, Preston tells his father he does not want a new bike, he wants his own room in the back, better his home. His father limits him to his room for the rest of the evening. Moping in Preston's room says things can not get worse, he realizes he forgot the check because he's still in his shirt pocket. It's empty. Using the computer and after careful analysis, he does it for $ 1,000,000. The next day, trying to pay it to the bank, he is taken to the owner who thinks he is the person he should be giving at $ 1,000,000 and not. He is not, though as a real person named Juice comes at a later time. Now the three have to track Preston down. Meanwhile, Preston has the pleasure of buying all sorts of things, including his own house, and even meeting a disguised bank lady who is really an FBI agent (trying to track down the three bad guys). He makes this person named Mr Macintosh for whom he works and even plans a birthday party for him. But ultimately, things get caught up (the money is over, the bad guys get it). <br /> <br /> Generally, a pretty funny movie. Miguel Ferrer plays his very good role. If you enjoyed it in another scenario, you will love it here. He does all sorts of bad mad things. Rick Ducommun (stressed head at Ghost in the Machine) plays a wonderful friendly driver in this movie.
