** SPOILERS ** Draw a police drama about a serial killer in and around the small town of Riverside Wisconsin. Who is being watched by local police using Gina Pulasky Police, Helen Hunt, as an underwater bait to catch him. <br /> <br /> Nothing new in this movie for television, which you have not seen before, but the depth of the act and script is unusually good and brings a lot about not only the killer but also the policeman like the lover her cop, the mood. After being put under psychiatric care after shooting an armed and unstable striker who attacked his partner with a rifle. Officer Palusky is given the task of going undercover to get close to murder suspect Kayle Timler, Steven Webber. After being positively identified by Sahsa, Kim Kluznick, who saw him not far from the place where little Timmy Curtis was stabbed, 18 times, to death the next day. Getting a job at Mr. C Diner where he works Tim Gina gets very friendly with him and later tells him to open Tim about who he could be the serial killer he once killed in an accident a 79-year-old woman. Tim, who is said to have a genius, IQ does not seem to rise to Gina's attempt to catch him, even when he sees her later on a bowling alley with his colleagues , spending an outdoor night. Play a strange cat and mouse game with Tim, at some point, to give Gina, at the point of the knife, admit it's cabled. But Gina tells her she was forced to do it by the police to get a break and an early release from prison. Besides Tim's instability and criminal actions, we find that Gina is not there. She seems to be suffering from the fact that she was denied by her father who left her, with a mother beaten and drunk, like a young man who acts as an undercover cop. There's also the fact that Gina's beloved policeman, Will McCaid (Jeff Fahey), who rests from his wife and two children, who is also in the face of serial murders , is too troublesome to her. This makes Gina almost blow his coat, and that's later to take off his task. <br /> <br /> Put her undercover under cover by her Capt. Cheney (Dan Conway), over McCaid's objections, after another boy, 12-year-old Davy Marish, was murdered on Gina together, and Tim makes him admit that he is the person responsible for the area of ​​murder in the area. Gina does it by having a tape recorder hidden on the tape that she replaced the one she gave her to show how honest she is, hidden from her. The movie "In the company of darkness" was not really exceptional, but the act of Helen Hunt Jeff Fahey and especially Steven Webber. These high-caliber performances, which raised the film well above the average for the TV movie, were used to see.
