This is the fifth Von Trier movie I've seen. I think he's the only director I've given so high a score in all his movies. Four of them, Crime Element, Europe, Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, gave a 10 and one, Idiot, I gave them a 9 (and I rethought whether to give it a 10 when I saw it for the first time, although I would love to see it again before I do it). He was convicted to be named one of the best executives. I tend to agree with him. I can not blame him for being arrogant when he made such great movies. In 50 years, when von Trier retires, he will be regarded as the prominent artist in Europe (perhaps on the planet) and there will be courses taught in his name. He is simply Bergman or Fellini of our time. It is too bad that critics are too intrigued with themselves to observe this. About Europe itself, I admit it was confusing and that its narrative did not seem strong. I think that's the purpose. This movie was obviously meant to represent a nightmare or subconscious at a certain level. This is absolutely clear from the film: narrative of Max von Sydow. We are hypnotized, or von Trier is hypnotized, and this is our subconscious mind. I am inclined to lean more in his mind, since the degradation of Europe is an American one, very little. This framing is also clear if you've seen the Crime Element, a brighter film than this (although I contest this in my mind, what Europe needs more than anything is a proper version on DVD, we hope Criterion again , with the appearance of the theater and the remastered sound and image, then I'm pretty sure this movie would look as big as other von Trier's films). In the movie "The Crime Element," the film starts with a hypnotist, which we actually see on screen this time, hypnotizing Fisher, a European detective who wants to get to the root of his psychic anguish. The first words of the movie are "Fantasy is fine, but my job is to keep you on the right track." And whenever Fisher, the narrator, descends, the hypnotist chasese him and tells him to come back with the story. He laughs even when a character is given a really stupid line and trick. Something along the lines: "Understand the difference between good and evil?" The hypnotist laughs and says, "Now, Fisher, he did not really say that, is it?" So the key to Europe's interpretation, almost a continuation of Element of Crime, is that we are deep in our subconscious von Trier, and the symbols have to be interpreted within us and they will probably be different for each. What does the train mean? Consider this internally and discuss it only externally. Europe is a wonderful movie, a masterpiece. I never got bored, even though I looked at 3 o'clock in the morning. The perfect time to follow, in fact, because it works in the logic of dreams.
