I saw this movie at Adelaide Film Festival '07 and was intrigued for 106 minutes. I like documentaries, but I often find them dragged about 25 minutes to go. He forbade his lie, but he never lost my interest. The subject of the film is Norma Khoury, a Jordanian woman who found fame and fortune in 2001, with the publication of her book "Forbidden Love," a biographical story about a Muslim friend who was killed by her family because she a relationship with a Christian man. A few years later, however, a few journalists began to throw holes in the story, leading the audience to believe it was a fraud. The film covers her fast, but very good at first, and from there we spend most of the time in the company of Norma while trying to convince her that her novel is more than fiction. Director Anna Broinowski found a truly fascinating woman to study, and she leads endless interviews with Khoury as she seeks the truth. As always alive, the truth is not so easy to find. Norma feared for her life, worried about the violent reaction to the unfortunate portrait, the Roman paints of the Jordanian Muslims. He refuses to return to Jordan and shows us the facts. Broinowski is not, however, discouraged and slowly puts the pieces together in front of us. The result is an incredible look in the mind of an artist con. Naturally, what we find there does not make sense, and it is extremely difficult to follow and, ultimately, we do not know whether to believe Norma or not. She is either a fairly unjust woman put up, trying to survive, or a fantastic spinster. The web of lies, truths and half-truths that she transforms through the film is brilliant. The film uses many interview films as well as dramatizations to tell his story, and Broinowski uses these dramatizations to show us why people like Norma may exist: we want to be condenced. We go to the cinema every day and let us believe that what happens on the screen is real. That could just be that I'm reading a little too much, did not come to Q & A with Brionowski after the movie, but that's what I got from her. This is a great Australian film, and it must receive an international release and a lot of awards if you ask me. Of course, the best movie I've seen at AFF07. Go see if you have a chance.
