The Story: The story of Max von Sydow's voice hypnotizes the protagonist (and the audience) in 1945, where the protagonist of the young American ideologist Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) just arrived in Germany after the Second World War to help reconstruct the affected country. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) delivers Leopold with a job in the big corporations of Zentropa, but soon Leopold falls in love with Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa); daughter of owner Zentropa Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg). Leopold is soon caught up in a network of corruption, taking advantage of the loss of his ideology and being forced to choose between the pest or the cholera. Mysterious, fascinating, manipulating, noir, haunted, beautiful, and ugly. These are immense, grandiose descriptions that come to my mind when I think of Lars von Trier's 1991 masterpiece EUROPA; the last chapter of the Europe trilogy. ZENTROPA has been renamed in the US, so the audience would not have confused it with Agnieszka Holland EUROPA EUROPA since 1990 (as is the case with a World War II drama). The Trilogy Europe also includes FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT 1984 and EPIDEMIC since 1987 (the infamous experiment that sold only 900 tickets in Danish cinemas). The trilogy treats hypnotism and the loss of idealism thematically, although the themes of this trilogy are not as essential as visuals. In the opening image of the EUROPA portal, we see a locomotive heading towards us, while our unidentified hypnotist literally hypnotized us: "In the ten countdown, you will be in Europe. A metaphor for the ability of films to transport us a reality of a subconscious dream.Europe uses a strange but extremely effective visual style - the fact that the famous Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky is the main influence of Trier, says everything.It is a black and white film occasionally intertwined with red blood-shaped, dress red, etc. According to rumors, this inspired Steven Spielberg has used the similar effect in SHINDLER'S LIST since 1993 (coincidentally another World War II drama). In addition, Trier uses so-called Dutch Angels and reinvents background projections by adding layers, but unlike the old Hollywood movies that incorporate them for economic reasons, Trier uses it for artistic reasons. These carefully crafted visual techniques underline the fact that we are in a dream reality, we are hypnotized; the universe EUROPA is not real! Europe is often criticized for weighing an advanced technique (such as multi-layered background projections) over plot and characters, but hey is what the reviewers criticized Stanley Kubrick's 2001 visionary masterpiece: SPACE ODYSSEY because - nowadays occupies a compulsory place in all cinematic history books. Europe is also accused of historical misconduct. It seems that Trier attributes to the Nazi heroine terrorist group too much historical significance. According to various online sources, it is fair (a fascinating subject - try Googl'ing yourself!), Still Trier's goals are neither educative nor portrayed accurately. EUROPA is an endless nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, so the universe the audience meets is a distorted reality. It also shows how our memory deceives us - an exact 100% reconstruction is a lie! Although the young public living on Europe is too young to have memories during the Second World War, we have a collective memory from various BBC documentations, so these small inaccuracies really serve a purpose: it informs us that we are in Germany after the Second World War, but in Leopold's memory. All three chapters of the Europa trilogy present young ideologists with noble intentions forced into corruption and losing their ideological innocence. The ambiguous terminals of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and EUROPA show that ideologies are caught forever in their hypnotized realities. Before, during and after shooting EUROPA in 1990 in Poland, Lars von Trier and co-writer Niels Vørsel were extremely interested in World War II. To miss. It is packed with extremely beautiful photos that capture the atmosphere on the scene. A very good example is the old Polish church (EUROPA was shot in Poland mainly for economic reasons) in the last act of EUROPA. As in 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY I think Europe will get the deserved merit of the cinema history. His method of twisting the old movie clips and noir of love and visual techniques is so unique, odd and completely different from what you will see from Hollywood nowadays or any other dream factory for it. EUROPA is an essential film in the Lars von Trier catalog. Some write it as pure commercial speculation, but that would be catastrophic. It is right there with other classical and semi-classics in Trier such as FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT 1984, TV RIGET 1993 and DOGVILLE since 2003. It is a unique experience before Trier takes care of its actors and before The Dogme Manifesto95. Look! "On the count of ten ..." 9/10
