I did not know much about the time presented in this Brazilian black comedy in 1971, but that does not mean it was not accessible to me because the movie makes it very clear. It is in Brazil in the 16th century, where French and Portuguese rival colonists exploit indigenous people as confederates in their struggle to sustain their domination. What is particularly interesting about the film is that it is made by the Portuguese from the point of view of the French. The hero is a pleasant Frenchman, the Portuguese are barbarians, and the rest of the French are oppressive and greedy. Portuguese film makers are objective, because when everything is said and done, we see that there is no difference whose side one has. It is a heredity overwhelmed by the environment in a time defined by the tribes. Enemies are made and perpetuated and thus integration into the environment never progresses. A Frenchman is captured by the Portuguese is then captured by a native tribe, Tupinambas, after massacring a group of Portuguese. The tribe's shaman predicted that he would find a strong Portuguese man to be slaughtered as revenge for the boss's brother being killed by a Portugeuse moss ball. Believing that the Frenchman is Portuguese, they think they now have one. However, the French is given an unrestricted course of the village, is given a wife sooner or later and assumes its usual appearance, rather than Western clothes or any clothes. Another Frenchman comes to the village and tells the tribe that their prisoner is indeed Portuguese, and then assures the French incest that he will tell him the truth when the French finds a secret treasure that another European hides nearby. /> I discovered that the opening script is fun, because his narrative with his contradictions on the screen serves as a big satire, even if the film does not seem to want to keep that tone very often. In fact, it's not an extremely riveting film. Rich, essential, ferocious life and native-born women make not only the French, but we also forget about any threat and we have the feeling that he is a free man. It should not be so difficult to escape. Cannibalism is as undesirable as the full-blown nudity of the play, suggested as the core of Pereira dos Santos's dry political painting in New World mythology and underdeveloped social coherence. In any case, this social commentary of the 1500s, shot in a location in a bay with 365 islands, played almost entirely naked and almost entirely written in Tupi, encourages an effective breakdown of established ways that are updated because have been repeated for centuries.
