This is a very beautiful movie, with good story, great actors and great songs. The cinema was unfortunately bad. One of the weakest points in the movie is the annoying chain of copied sequences from Pretty Woman. Why? Does it hurt to try an originality, Abbas? Mustan? Anybody? The film is about a newly married couple, Raj and Priya (Salman - Rani). Priya can not conceive after an accident she had during her previous pregnancy, and eventually decides to use a surrogate mother to take her baby. I choose Madhubala, a vulgar prostitute played by Preity Zinta. The movie is not really realistic, that is, is not it easier to adopt? And even if I choose a girl, does that mean that man has to sleep with her? Did you hear about insemination? Anyway, I think if the writers would have heard of all this, the movie would not have been made, so the concept is apparently intentional. Salman works very well. It's nice to see him playing a serious character. But his character suffers from useless and inexpensive dialogues about his great love for his wife and how hard he finds himself sleeping with another woman. Come on, it's camouflaged and unrealistic. Rani is almost OK; she is generally effective and tries to do something with her role but gets completely shaded by Preity Zinta. The film belongs to Preity, who steals the show in a great way with its impeccable performance. She makes the transformation from a prostitute into a sensitive, light and natural woman. She lives the film, she emulates and makes you love her and admire her at the same time, partly because of her role, partly because of her magnetic and positive personality. This is one of the best career performances. There is no doubt that she is more talented than her contemporaries in the industry. You just have to do more of these roles. The end of the film highlights just what I said above. It is a tear, exciting, and very well-cracked tear. Watch him for Preity. <br /> <br /> 7/10 for the movie! 10/10 - for Preity!
