CCCC is Bollywood's first good film since 2001. When I first saw the film, I thought it would be a beautiful family movie. I was right. Salman Khan gave the most powerful performance ever. My family was not very keen on it, but after seeing this movie my family is very impressed by it. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The film will be a huge hit because of the three main stars. <br /> <br /> It's about meeting Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya and about marriage. They marry and go to Switzerland for the honeymoon. When they return, Raj and Priya find that Priya is pregnant. Raj's family is full of joy when he finds Raj's dad (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family play a cricket one day and Priya has an accident that causes Priya to have a spontaneous abortion. Raj has a very close family friend who is a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raj and Priya that he can not have children anymore. Raj and Priya keep this quiet of the family. Raj and Priya decide to leave the surrogacy. Surveillance for them is that they will find a girl and Raj and that the girl will have a baby together and then hand her child to Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. Her name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raj tells her the situation and a bribe with money, and she agrees. Raj changes Madhubala completely. Raj tells Priya he's found a girl. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do this so that no one can find out. Priya spends the night in a church, and Raj and Madhubala are alone and spend the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and they are all happy. Raj tells the family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala comes to love Raj and she wants it. What's going on? Follow CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> The only thing I did not like the movie is their idea of ​​surrogacy. He should have done it the right way in the movie, but he did not destroy the movie. It was still excellent. The songs of the movie are wonderful. My favorites are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", "Dehne Walon Ne", "Deewana Hai Yeh Mann" and "Mehndi", the song "Mehndi" being very colorful, in this song shows that ghod bharai takes place and is very colorful The movie deserves 10/10!
