A few years ago, a friend received from one of his friends a movie with Michael Mann's "Heat". After we finished the movie and we were about to get up, I saw that there was a movie immediately after, hard on the envelope of the box, the owner did not write it. However, we have stuck to our places with its distinct, unremarkable opening. Two hours later, I sat there wondering, how would I not have heard of this masterpiece before? . <br /> <br /> This movie was Europe. Lars von Trier awakened the noir movie from the dead, the reality deconstructed with intentional sets, but there is often a haunting resemblance to the German post-war photographs I have seen. And then delicate cuts! The story itself is a difficult moral odyssey that has no happy ending. A young American pacifist descends to Germany after the war, intending to do something good to pay the bombs his fellow citizens have escaped. But he is more confronted with distrust and self-destructive defiance. He is engaged with Zentropa, a sleeping and sleeping company (modeling Mitropa), whose owner is one of the Nazi collaborators, Occupiers whitewash. Our hero falls in love with his daughter - who later turns out to be a member of the Werewolf, the Nazi post-war terrorists. When he no longer understands the world (or only the Europeans), in his anger, he throws a railway bridge under a train he saved. the real world, the werewolf were never as important as the film, they were more of a blow to the Nazi final propaganda. After an SS unit assassinated most of Aachen occupied by allies, two months before surrender, the Nazis announced the creation of entire legions of saboteurs and terrorists who would be ready to fight behind the lines, the Werewolf. But only a few hundred Hitler youngsters were mostly trained and while two or three times some were involved in the assassination of communist suspects or forced labor aliens in the Bavarian villages to print a fear of the duration of the inhabitants, with the death of Hitler, disappeared. However, the wolf propaganda had a profound effect on the occupants. He feared a Werewolf everywhere, I suspect he is behind a serious accident - but without exception, another cause was found later (ignored by some recent pseudo-historians). For example, when a gas station exploded in the Bremen bomber police or when the Soviet military commander died in a motorcycle accident in Berlin. The effect was the strongest on the Soviets, who arrested tens of thousands (mostly children!) "Preemptively" on the suspicion of being a Werewolf and shut them down in detention camps where many died.
