Producer of prolific and influential film Martin Scorsese analyzes a selection of his favorite American films grouped by three different types of directors: director as illusionist: D.W. Griffith or F. W. Murnau, who created new editing techniques, among other changes that made the appearance of sound and color, then took a step forward; the director as a smuggler: directors such as Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller and, in large part, Vincent Minnelli, directors hiding rebellious messages in their films; and the director as iconoclast: those directors who attack civil observations and social hangouts like Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn. He shows how the old Hollywood studio system was, though oppressive, the way film directors woke up progressing in their environment because of the fact that they were linked to political and financial limitations. During the video clips he showed us, we not only discover films we have not seen before, which have sparked our interest, but we are also set to see what he sees. He assesses his stylistic sensibilities with the directors of the sequences themselves. The idea of ​​a movie canon was the reputation of snobs, so some film fans and critics prefer to make only "lists". However, the canon only means "the best", and the supporters of the film canon claim that it is a valuable activity to identify and experience a selected selection of the best films, very similar to the biggest hits, film students. Overall, one's experience has shown that everything about the movie, including reviews, works to build a movie canon. Some film canons can certainly be elitist, but others can be "populist". For example, the list of Top 250 Movies in the Internet Database includes many films included on several "elitism" movie canoes, but it also features recent Hollywood hits, to which many such "elitism" films The Dark Knight mixes the top ten in the middle of the first two films of Godfather, Schindler's List and One Flew over the Cucumber's Cube, as well as the fluctuations of similar productions such as Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard , The Terminator and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. Scorsese Scorpio, taxi driver Paul Schrader referred directly to his canon as "elitist," and claims that this is positive. Scorsese is never particularly vocal about his social and political ideologies, but when we see this intense and often obsessive history lesson about the birth and growth of American cinema in both ideological areas, we see that there is no special virtue in elitism , nor in populism. Elitism concentrates all attention, recognition, and thus power on those considered outstanding. This discrimination could easily lead to self-indulgence in the condescending work of Jean-Luc Godard or the over-production of the production practices of a director such as Michael Haneke. However, populism invokes the belief of representative freedom as merely the affirmation of the will of the people. As previously stated on the misconceptions people have about cinema, populism could be the end of the power and potential impact of cinema. It can continue to see movies, because it is a vital social and metaphysical practice. And that's what Martin Scorsese spends almost four hours here trying to tell us something that can not be said without being seen firsthand.
