When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese to create the American side of the Century of the Cinema series, he took this opportunity with both hands. A personal journey through American films is fascinating, comprehensive and, as the title says, a very personal look at the Hollywood cinema. Is the story about first of all about Hollywood directors? actors, producers, scriptwriters and other contributors barely make a mention. He states from the beginning that for him the main conflict in the film industry is that of the director's vision and the reason for the distributor's profit, between art and commercial viability. It even opens with a clip from Vincent Minnelli, The Bad and the Beautiful, one of the first films to openly explore this contradiction. This dictates the structure of the documentary. Scorces looks at how the genres have darkened and the clichés have become provoked, as the production codes have caused, and how certain filmmakers have fallen out of grace when they dared to be different. However, Scorcese never falls in the autograph trap of firing directors who have consistently thanked the studio bosses (he boasted Cecil B. De Mille) or those who had a lesser-known style but were masters of cinema. /> <br /> Scorces does not necessarily focus on absolute favorite directors (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of the greatest influences of the Scorces, are just mentioned in the passage). Instead, he looks at the people and the films that serve him to tell his story. For example, he shows us a succession of John Ford films to show how the West has evolved. He looks at the work of Vincent Minnelli (perhaps the most often referenced director of the documentary) to show how a genre supposed to be good, like music, could also have darker substrates. I imagine that if this mission were not limited to America, Scorcese would have wanted to speak, for example, his Italian influences or the British hero Michael Powell. As it happens, does it extend the definition of American films to include both Hollywood movies by immigrant directors such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, and the work of Americans that have been produced somewhere else? such as Stanley Kubrick's. Rather than simply telling the story of Hollywood's chronologically, Scorces compares films of different epochs to tackle different topics. In the section on cinema language and tools, he starts with DW Griffith, looks at the sound, color, and wide screen, and inevitably ends up overwhelmed by computer-generated effects that although Scorces is not interested in them, handed enough to include clips of George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola defending them. However, he simply does not finish the chapter here, as if it were the end of it. Instead, he then turns back in the 1940s to show how a low-budget horror such as The Cat People can get effective results from the simplest and cheapest items. A personal journey through American films must be one of the best documentary films ever made. There were a number of remarkable directors and images I would never have discovered, and even the most experienced of the film fans would probably find something new in their broad field. Scorces has restored the balance to forgotten or undervalued images. I was delighted to see that when he talks about Kubrick in the chapter "Iconoclastes," he looks at Lolita and Barry Lindon for the two most underestimated films. Norman's respect for the environment is displayed in the way he allows the clips to play fully rather than give us some small bits and interrupts them with their head (a combination of archive and new interviews) only when it is necessary. There is a little bit of bias over the 1940s and '50s, but this is not surprising at all, because it is the era in which Scorcese grew and discovered cinema. And, after all, I do not think this documentary could have been done unless it was a personal journey. A word of warning, though, in its in-depth picture of some pictures, this documentary contains quite a few spoilers.
