For people interested in business and the corporate world, this show is simply the best of the best. Being one of the former contestants, he wrote in his blog about this innovative show: "The business people finally had an audience. The whole idea is perfect, having a group of businesspeople competing with each other business related tasks placed in the best place in the world New York City Donald Trump is perfect as the boss, even if his ego is bigger than the entire universe of infinite times He also makes a lot of dubious decisions which is one of the negatives of the show.) Season 1: The big global season, the best season of the "normal." This season was the one that related most to real business skills. , the series almost drowned in marketing tasks with too many product placements. Big and interesting competing in general, with the most liked character ever in this series: Tr I know I'm not the only person who suspects that the Trump World Tower episode, where he was fired, was faked that Amy and Nick would win this special task. Season 2: Also a great season. The tasks were still fine and had many interested competitors. Jen M was terrible and should never have come to an end, IMO. Also this season had the worst firing ever (Pamela). Season 3: Terrible. In fact, I liked the concept of intelligence of the book against street intelligence, but the distribution was so terrible (it was Trump's hate and distribution) that the whole season was a complete disaster. The best time was the second episode (motel renovation) with the fired Brian Award, a guy who added only a tremendous amount of comedy value. Season 4: An excellent season, much due to the exciting and entertaining competitors this season (especially Randall, Alla, Marcus and the total disaster called Toral). The "Get Me in the Boardroom" episode is one of the absolute classics of this show, ending with the well-known quadruple burning. Unfortunately, I think I was robbed of the end of Randall vs. Alla. I think Trump was afraid he could have won and prevented it from happening. Season 5: A boring season with exciting things. Brent was just an embarrassment and obviously only there to create drama. Tasks were terrible overall (how did a jingle create something to do with business at all?). I think the best man won, but I personally did not care less. Season 6: I can see why they wanted to try LA as a new venue for the show, but looking back was a mistake. New York will always be the place for that. Many new things have been added this season, most of them being terrible (such as losing the team to sleep outside in tents, winning the prize continues to be PM, for example). Tasks were terrible, and Trump also chose the wrong winner. James undoubtedly deserved. Season 7: Celebrity Edition. The best season ever. Completely different rules (such as the use of rolodexes), but all the fun and entertainment. The biggest problem was that many of the contestants were not really famous, especially women where everyone was unknown to me, except for Omarosa, which is a total shame to all that participates. Apparently it was Gene Simmon's season after he made a complete madman during the Kodak mission, another man came out of the shadows: Piers Morgan. Never has anyone dominated a season like him. He crushed his opponents and also met like a guy with a sense of humor (though some inclined Americans (not all Americans, of course, do not get me wrong), unfortunately did not have the social skills to understand it). THE MODEL TO LEAVE PERSONS! For fans of this, I strongly recommend the UK version with Sir Alan Sugar as Chief. In fact, the British version is much better, and that's what the American (and the original) is really a great show. One thing about the British version is that competitors tend to behave like decent human people in the council room, unlike the constant constraint and rude behavior that takes place in the American version.
