The interesting aspect of the "apprentice" is that it demonstrates that the traditional job interview and the resumption do not necessarily imply teamwork skills, job dedication, and job performance. And certainly does not reveal hidden agendas. In other words, a good indicator of potential can be to see a job seeker in action, which is the "Apprentice" point. People struggling for a corporate position can teach a resume with sugar and put the best personality clothing for the interview, but they are not necessarily the best indicator of strengths, weaknesses and performance. , "Apprentice" involves 16 candidates competing for the best career opportunity: a position in the investment company of real estate magnate Donald Trump. The "apprentice" refers to the winner who will earn a salaried job, learn the art of doing his big stakes business with the master himself, and perhaps win corporate connections. Position is a true dream for those who want to make more money than the GNP of some foreign countries. To attract his nominees, Trump shows his own private airplane, his luxury private apartments, full of statues and artworks, his limousines, his ties to celebrities, and other aspects of the life of a billionaire tycoon. <br /> <br /> The road to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams competing with each other. Each has a corporate survey name, such as Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. Teams are assigned tasks that involve an entrepreneurial adventure such as creating advertising, selling goods or negotiating. Teams select a project manager who offers leadership and organization skills to fulfill their task. If he wins, the manager receives a lot of credits, especially in the eyes of the final referee. If they lose, the manager can become a goat. Some of the tasks are monumentally difficult, with only a day or two until finishing. Tasks can involve creating a TV ad or a print ad. Others may involve selling at a retail or on the street. Tasks give the best and the worst the participants. They often show who is the most trusted, who is most trusted and who works hard. And tasks also expose who is not a good team player who is inefficient and who only seems to themselves. Tasks invariably reveal the strengths and weaknesses of participants and, in particular, the project manager unexpectedly. How well the manager communicates with the team, delegates work, organizes time and sets specific goals will largely determine the outcome, but does not necessarily predict the winner. The potential is when he or she is named as a project manager. Their real abilities, unlike their self-propagation skills, immediately show through veneer that can not be hidden by a silk tie of $ 100 or a beautiful makeup. Qualities and / or weaknesses of leadership often become agonizing after just a few minutes. Those who promote themselves as top leaders are not always as strong when they are in a real-life driving situation. It's always easier to "teach your own horn" than actually engage in leadership. Project managers, even those in winning teams, often do not formulate a coherent strategy. They often think that by sinking from the deepest end to ending the task at the first minute rather than spending a little time organizing and discussing how the task will be completed is more effective. Most of the time, members of a badly-strategized team run around that the headless babies see it as they go, and in the long run they lose much more time. The winning team gets a taste of big life, like dining at an exclusive restaurant, flying in a private plane and / or meeting a celebrity. The losing team comes in a dreaded boardroom, where Trump hears the members' bouts of excuses and beats one or more of the contestants like pieces on a chessboard with now infamous "You're fired." Often, the project manager is partly responsible for team loss and may be the target of Trump's accusatory rhetoric. Every week, at least one person becomes a victim of the lost team. <br /> <br /> The least favorite aspect of "Apprentice" is the boardroom. While the tasks themselves highlight the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, the council chamber often brings out the worst things. Unfortunately, the rules of the game insist that there is a winning team and a team that loses, even if the competition was close. Lost team members begin to accuse each other, often ruthless, of who was guilty. And sometimes more people are fired. I rarely see that an unrealized candidate assumes responsibility for their actions in the boardroom. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were the only candidates who took full responsibility for the team's losses and did not receive any recognition for this altruistic act. For me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson had the greatest integrity of all the candidates. However, Trump saw Kristi weak and fired, claiming he did not stand up for himself, which may mean he appreciates more ego than integrity. No one should sacrifice their integrity for this. Kristi Frank may not have become an apprentice, but she can live with herself, knowing she does not blame others unjustly. Is not that worth as much as "winning"? The power of the "apprentice" is also her weakness. Because team performance is strictly rated by winners and losers, other evaluation opportunities are ignored. Barring huge discrepancies between winning teams and losing, sometimes a losing team exemplifies a high standard of teamwork and efficiency. We have seen that the lost teams sometimes appear better organized than the winning team. We, the Americans, are so often obsessed with gain and loss that we often ignore excellence.
