This movie is a delightful, open-hearted view of both sides, where the "club kid" scene blends with New York's art, music and performance world (with a cameo by Miss Bunny omnipresent). This is the "Melody Song Trilogy" for post-adolescent girls. "That girl" for our discontented moments affected by the millennium. The dialogue is quick and funny, and Parker Posey's client deserves - if not an academy prize, at least - a "wave" of kudos stadiums. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film is based on Mrs Posey's very stylish heels and is perfectly distributed. Like many of her acting, she may not be very deep, often self-referential, and well, posey ... but all the work. She is a talented comedy, an incredible animator, and this movie has fun, she wears on her shoulders like a faux leopard cover and does not let her fall to the floor. Mary is a superior party fashion that is not above the designer theft of a friend's closet or doing with someone else's friend. At a deeper level, this is a story of a girl and her friends who do not care in every sense of the word, including others; and the learning process that care is needed for life. <br /> <br /> The script is beautifully artisanal, full of witchcraft, and the only disappointing performance is the aunt, in a role that was too unidimensional and difficult; a more nuanced performance, would have deepened the relationship between the two ... but ... hey ... this is the comedy. A surprisingly profound role, which gives this film a substance and a vision of the world, is the sales lover fallafel. We should all be lucky ... is he for Mary? or who moves away? <br /> <br /> I rated this as an 8 because it is not a wonderful moment of film history, it is not a classic and it is not great art (all of these become deeper and richer in re-viewing). "Susan's Desperate Search" is something very true about time, but it can become irrelevant over time. Still, everything needs an entertainment movie and it's worth seeing a few times just for clothes!
