In this pool, there are lilies in this pond and there are frogs. Frogs sit on lilies. Frog and water lily have a parasitic relationship. Marie (Pauline Acquart) is a water lily, a synchronized swimming pool with a passion on Floraine (Adele Haenel), a frog, the captain of his team. Floraine's teammates avoided their leader, as the prominent curved and well proportioned blonde conveys a free person who betrays the way of engraving and discipline of the synchronized swimmer. But Floraine has a secret; the bomb has a bomb, which "Naissance des pieuvres" reveals to the audience visually before she marries Marie. Floraine never went, as they say, all along with a boy. <br /> <br /> At a party, we see a double image of the thriving sexual bomb that checks her makeup in a bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is a morgan girl. Marie knows the double of Floraine, while her imitation breaks the heart of the lily. As the frog passes through the flies' fly moves for love, she becomes chummy with the lily of the water when no one looks. In the most striking scene of the movie, the water lily agrees to give the frog a hand in losing virginity through the mechanical action of oral stimulation. Floraine wants boys to like it, but she does not like boys, but it is more important for the frog to be popular. When the water lily finally kisses the frog, the frog remains a frog. The frog can not turn into a water lily, or a princess, because the water lily has lost respect to the frog. After their lips are unlocked, Floraine tells Marie, "See, It's Easy," which is how the frog equates her kiss with the orgasm her boyfriend gave her as a passage ritual, unrelated close. The beauty of Floraine is a burden. She wears the weight of the meeting boy's expectations. Florence uses Marie to have a last shot before her morganing girl gets her imitation in the closet. The other fool, the other frog, Marie's best friend, Anne (Louise Blachere), and the frustration of the boy of Floraine Francois (Warren Jacobs), like any lily and frog, also have a parasitic relationship. While Floraine uses Marie for love, Francois uses Anne for sex. But that's life; this is the betrayal of growing, in which even a friend will turn a good friend to himself if the opportunity to advance the food chain is presented. At a McDonalds, the lily of the water gives up the other lily after bathing off the frog weather. Physical beauty is a coin. Marie calls because Anne, though not ugly, is overweight and has an unusual hairstyle. Anne tries to fight back using her breasts as a broad replica (the magnifying glass from the happy food she accidentally comments on Marie's chest), but tadpole (Marie thinks she's better than Anne, better than a lily of water) shows that her breasts are a byproduct of fat. Later in the last blow, Naissance des pieuvres suggests that Marie also has a double, and this symbiosis between water lilies has the potential to become parasites in the near future if she does not already have . Teenage girls can be brutal to each other in a way that no boy can fit.
