It seems that it should be a biography of Claude Monet, but it is actually a highly focused story of the relationship between three teenage girls in a French swim team synchronized. There are no parents or teachers talking about, no school, and the boys are represented by a peripheral figure, the brave Francois that goes into a determined story from time to time and always leaves confused. Pauline Aquart is the youngest of the three, just aspiring to join the team he's so admired. It's kinda weird. She has not yet emerged from her teenage growth and has long, bony, large legs, and no derision to talk about. It is predictable and has those lush lips. After a while, her appearance grows on you and, at certain angles, she can become enthusiastic. Adele Haenel is older - more, well, more physically developed. What a glamorous figure cuts off in her swimming suit, trampling around her, teasing the boys, swallowing the long and blond hair. But it is not what it seems. Or is she? I did not realize. The French have long been in paradoxes and have no consistency. No wonder Francois always sniffing after her. There is not so much ambiguity in the character of Louse Blacher. She is also a team, but she is camouflaging, simple and sensitive and has a keen passion on Francois. Blacher is a good actress and adds to the character's non-aggressive character through her performance. The film deals with the relationships between these three, that is, intrigues, deceits, hidden feelings, and the rest associated with young girls who spend a lot of time with each other. This is, of course, a difficult subject. It becomes more complicated during the gradual development of a homoerotic relationship between Pauline and Adele. Not that you should expect it to be a soft porn. The only nudity we see is considerably less than a return, and what a little sex is under caps, sometimes literally. I do not think I want to go into the plot or in her analysis too much, partly because it is rather suggestive than expressed through action, partly because it is complex and partly because I'm not sure I have succeeded in doing so. Let me give you an example. Good. Adele is the girl that others envy. She is also quite distant and self-satisfied. Above all, she seems to schituping every boy and man in sight if they can be of any use to her at all, from the beautiful Francois but stupid to the bus driver she wants a favor from. She undoubtedly doubt her experience in fellatio. When Pauline approached her about joining the swimming team, Adele used her as a glance during the boys' missions. A superior and indulgent narcissist, you know? But, then, the soy-disadvantage bitch takes Pauline under her wing and reveals to Pauline that she is still a virgin. Really? Yes indeed. Pauline is getting closer to Adele, and Adele ultimately confesses that she wants to get rid of the hymen and would like Pauline to do it for her. Pauline, now drawn sexually with Adele, performs the task with a low offense. Now Adele would really want to do it with a man, preferably older and more experienced. So she takes Pauline into a beating she's dancing seductively with a guy until he's following Pauline in the powder room. The two girls stand there looking at each other without expressing a sexual interest in the other. But Adele is so close that Pauline slowly loses his forehead, approaches and kisses Adele's lips. Adele returns smiling, smiling and says, "It was not so bad, is it?" Then he returns to the club. This is a pretty close description of what is happening between Pauline and Adele - but what the hell is going on? Initially, Adele treats Pauline as an irrelevant child, later as a close friend, eventually as a potential lover - and when Pauline responds, Adele walks away. Does Pauline use the way men look like? Does he satisfy Adele to know he now has another person in involuntary servitude? I do not know. I have lost Louise Blacher as the third member of the trio, the simple and overlapping flower of the earth, whose expression always suggests humility, but at least heterosexual and the first three to get rid of that noisy virginity, but I have omitted just for space considerations. What if you see her? By all means. (Just compare it to the typical American film about high school children.) For men, some of them have never entered the female mysticism, this can give you an idea of ​​what appears to be in the middle fire.
