Water Lilies is a first well-done film in France on the sexuality and friendship of young women. Sciamma works with specialized, easily disinfected material, which is just as inappropriate for some as it is alluding to others. The film focuses exclusively on three teenage middle-class girls in a neat Paris suburb. Their life revolves around a large indoor pool where two of the three are part of a synchronized water ballet team. Such distractions as parents, brothers, work, and school were exacerbated from the equation. The central sensitivity belongs to Marie (Pauline Acquart), attractive but weak, who is not a team but thinks she would like to be. Marie worships Floriane (Adèle Haenel), a blonde and a team the boys have. This takes Marie away from her former friend, a former member of the poor water ballet team, somewhat poor Anne (Louise Blachère). Being less special, Anne is more accessible to boys. Florian, like this movie, promises a little more than it really offers. Marie has the most essential quality for a teenager: she suffers inside. Flroiane does not suffer so much to jump in and then screw in. Mary is amazed by the brilliance of water ballet, as well as by Floriane. Florian takes advantage of this to make Marie her first slave and cover for her duties, then, without her other friends, her confidancy. All the other girls think Floriane is a slut, an illusion that encourages her in the men and boys she teases because she leads them. She suffers the fate of the beautiful girl not to be a person, but an object and can not resist the validation the boys give her giving her kissing and lying down but she does not care about any of them and knows her implications with them I'm a trap. We invite Marie to behave like her friend, so her unseen mother does not know she is dating boys, and she makes Marie save her later by the boys. He showed the opposite at first, but Floriane needs Marie as long as Marie thinks she needs her. Anne is left with her discomfort to her body and the desire to get a more earthly and more real attitude than other girls. "Keeping the entire external context on board, Sciamma can highlight subtle changes in the delicate equation in the goals and interactions of the three faces. On the other hand, the film's madness of water, including a lot of showers and spitting, as well as underwater swimming photographs , makes him feel completely airy sometimes and some of his 95 minutes do not go so fast. Fortunately, the film has a sense of humor and lets the trio sometimes forget the goals and avoidances that are present and just do things foolish and meaningless The extraordinary moments that give life to the movie are too bad in a way that there are not many of them But Sciamma has the courage of her obsessions and what remains when we get out of the theater are their personalities and dynamics. Normally, it is nice to watch swimming and watch the girls, who usually love to look at themselves. <br /> < br /> There is no great revelation or drama on the road, but things get a little more interesting when it turns out that Marie not only admires but really wants Floriane and is jealous for her friends - whom Floriane always stops before going to the end. In a typical irony of this type of plot, Floriane actually decides she wants her first real sex with Marie - but Marie is the one she knows, because she knows it will not have the meaning for Floriane she will have for her. When it happens, it is a shy, mechanical adventure. Meanwhile, Anne has a huge passion for Francois (Warren Jacquin), a swimmer but, of course, it is after Floriane. Boys are not an element that has escaped and always seem to be more dozen or so ready to go to the pool or dance floor, but there are only bodies and faces, the available claws.
