The significance of the French title of this film, La Naissance des Pieuvres, which literally means "Birth of Octopuses", is quite obscure, so it is not surprising that it was sold in English-speaking countries like "Water Lilies". The "Crini" in the English title are three teenage girls, Marie, Anne and Floriane, members of a swimming pool synchronized in the suburbs of Paris, and the film is an "age-old" drama about the development of the first sexual feelings. , perhaps unusual for a movie of this type, is that it focuses exclusively on the relationships between the young people themselves. "We see nothing from their parents or their teachers, and very little in the adult world." The three faces are very different in appearance and portrayed as a very different character. Marie, shy and secluded, is small and small and seems to be the youngest of Anne is something of a simple Jane, Floriane a glamorous blonde that is very popular with boys. The three, together with a beautiful male swimmer called Francois, are involved in what could be described as a quadruple love. Anne falls in love with Francois, but she is defeated by Floriane, who seems to return her affections, though she is by no means the only male admirer. Indeed, not all of Florian's admirers are men, because Marie has a passion for her attractive friend. The film shows how their friendship develops; at first it seems that Floriane simply uses Marie as a convenient excuse when she goes to meet the boys; her parents probably oppose her boys who meet but have no objection to her to go out with female friends. Later, however, we realize that, despite Florian's image as a sexy, popular girl, who is always the focus of masculine attention, she reciprocates Marie's feelings. The film reverses some stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, with her short and strange hair, usually looks "butch", yet she is the only one of the three main characters who is heterosexually heterosexual, while Marie more conventional and charming Florian are lesbian or at least bisexual. The age-old film is quite common, although most of them tend to avoid the controversial subject of adolescent lesbianism. "Water Lilies", however, deals with his subject in a sensible manner, with three very good performances by the three leading actresses, Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. Relationships between characters, especially between Marie and Floriane, are complex and capable of a series of interpretations. (Is Floriane, for example, simply using Marie for sex or having romantic feelings for her? Can Florian's glorious behavior with Francois and the other boys just be a device to hide her lesbian feelings in the world "It was the first film made by his young director Celine Sciamma (only 27 at that time); on this basis, must be regarded as a very promising newcomer. 7/10
