The original title means "Birth of Octopuses". I have to confess I do not understand this title. The English title is "Water Lilies". But after I wrote this, I read the comment of another user: "The French title is also suggestive:" snitch "or octopus, suggests that an individual must juggle simultaneously with many pressures." Thank you for your explanation. The basic theme is the first sexual emotions of girls, when it is unclear whether they are directed to the same or different sex. It's not different for boys. I think Floriane and Marie will ultimately have heterosexual feelings without any additions. Most of the film is ballet water. Sometimes the girls will have their heads down, and nothing above the water, except their legs and the lowering of the feet, with which they will give up and blow up. For people like me who have never seen anything like that before, it was fascinating. - Floriane is the leader of a team of "water lilies". <br /> <br /> Marie tells her she wants to see when Floriane is training. This seems to be their first contact that is not just common. Soon they will go together. Florian takes Marie to a garage where a boy is waiting for her, then leaves with him for an hour while Marie waits for her to return. I realized the couple was sleeping with each other. But later on, we will learn from the film that they do less than that. <br /> <br /> I can provide some information that few users will find elsewhere. There is a scene where Marie steals Florian's garbage dummy secretly. She finds an apple in it, eaten the most. And Marie continues to eat the rest. ?? There is a parallel scene in another "Kazetachi no gogo" (Afternoon Breezes) by Hitoshi Yazaki (Japan, 1980). These are young adult females, and a lesbian woman is clearly in love with a heterosexual woman. She also steals a lover's garbage bag and also finds an apple eaten more or less and eats the rest. <br /> <br /> Later, Floriane tells Marie that she would like to have her first orgasm from her. Marie says she can not do that. But later, Marie says she is really willing to do it. And she masturbates on Floriane. There is nudity in this scene. <br /> <br /> Perhaps only a female director could have done such a delicate psychological show or study of ?? I would like to quote Baudelaire, "Les amours enfantines". Floriane is interpreted by Adèle Haenel, who performed excellently as an autistic girl in "The Little Devils" by Christophe Ruggia (2002)? ? a highly underestimated film.
