I watched SHORE LEAVE the next day. I've seen it so many times, and I'm not tired of it. Pretty weird, every time I've been watching her lately, it's the first time I ever saw her. Including this moment. It must be that feeling of mystery and "What's going on here?" about it. Very strange, the only part of the story I always made funny and unpleasant, this time actually had a great effect on me ... Ruth. I think a large part was Gerald Fried's score. A real masterpiece! The romantic section has been re-used - much more extensively - in this part of paradise. But, of course, he started here. I have the impression that of all the girls Kirk has known over the years may have been "the sweetest." When she said, "Do you have to go?" Combined with music, I really felt the pain she felt she could not let him stay with her. Someone commented on online that Ruth looked older than she was, but she was not supposed to be at all for the last 15 years. Which makes me think ... maybe she was one of the academy teachers. Kirk had an affair with an older woman! (She may have thought about it in "MIRI" when she told Janice, "I never get involved with older women." Maybe he meant "... more." Reading ST examines the other day, I saw where someone compared what the little females were to I, MUDD, but it seems SHORE LEAVE should be there, who are all those "people" if not androids? to the "old ones" in previous episodes? Anyone is it seems to be one of the RARE cases in ST, where you have a race that is actually "superior", as opposed to thinking just that they are. Yeoman Barrows seems to be filled for Yeoman Rand In view of how much Dr. McCoy has paid attention to, she is just a more frustrating example of a potentially good character who appears once and never shows up again! /> <br /> <br /> < > <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> One thing that is lacking in the last few days that we have watched was that the spy was here, d inside all the time, rather than this "sunken" business. When he said, "Rejoice, sir." in the beginning, you could see that it was not just about addressing him to the superior officer, but talking to his friend. And, finally, when he says unnecessarily: "Completely illogical!", I can only think he does it just to provoke a reaction. Maybe he does not smile or laugh, but I think he likes to see his colleagues happy around him.
