This is a romp; many Trek fans do not rate this level as well as classical episodes of all time, because they do not have the profound or subtle significance of the big ones, but it is so well executed for what it is, so successful as the pure entertainment, I always make a personal list of the first six episodes of dozen, regardless of the state I am in. A few of the upcoming films ("Westworld") and TV shows (the gentle "Fantasy Island" premise of this episode) (then, of course, TNG has renewed the concept of holodeck technology). DVD) and directed, takes place in the beautiful parking space of a planet that the Enterprise has just arrived in. It is strange that none of the animals, even insects, appear to be here (such as pollinated flowers), but things are becoming very strange when landing party members begin to see people from their past (Kirk has a hard past, apparently), as well as figures from other famous fantasy stories. Sulu even finds an old-style police revolver (adding to his collection of the swords, no doubt.) Through this point in the Trek series (midway through the first season), the main characters have been pretty much consolidated in their old friends I knew over the years that followed. Here we really see to relax, talk and work together to understand the puzzle of this episode: the powerful narrative is again a mystery, and the audience is heading for a walk as Kirk and his friends seek to discover a bizarre series of events that have a particularly funny taste for them. He is almost capricious, following the carefree style set on the ship's ship as Kirk was eventually maneuvered into the light after showing clear signs of stress and fatigue (Enterprise suggested he had just finished a terrible mission). Then Dr. McCoy is killed by a horse knight; yes, this is Dr. McCoy's last episode ... just joking. But it's not a joke to the rest of the landing party at this moment of the story. McCoy is really dead for all his intentions and purposes and, like the best Trek episodes, the second half of this adventure is escalating at a much frenetic and desperate rhythm of action and suspense. This is signaled by Kirk's determined response to Sulu, who expresses a lack of understanding about any of these events, just after McCoy's death - Kirk will get to the bottom of everything, come what he can. But Kirk is not much easier: what is next is probably the longest mano-a-mano fight for the series, as Kirk tussles with his academy's nemesis, a battle that seems to happen over half the planet . However, this is counterbalanced by scenes of extraordinary sensitivity, with Kirk's other knowledge. This episode runs the range of human experience, rather adapted to the light of what we find out about the real purpose of this weird planet. It's nice that the script really explains what happened, unlike an absurd approach that enters many other fantastic and science fiction series with similar plotting (unexplained appearances by people who could not be there). And there is, in fact, a subtext to the story - that we humans have to "work" in tension and fatigue in a particular manner, or simply do not function in a natural "normal" way. Also note the very good Yeoman Barrows and the sudden absence of Yeoman Rand, which did not return until the first '79 Trek movie. I think after this episode, even more fans of Trek could not wait for the next appearance of all their favorite characters. But I left this episode with a last thought, maybe even tantalizing: if McCoy was killed (Spock checked), how do we know he was our true McCoy who returned to the ship? Maybe this explains why McCoy continues to inspect ship ships about a century later and handle Data very well.
