Hollow man starts out as a brilliant but mistaken scientist, Dr. Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon), is finally working to make things visible again after becoming invisible by his own serum. They test the serum on an already invisible gorilla and work perfectly, Caine and his assistant's team, but while he should report the discovery to his military supporters, Caine wants to be the first invisible man. He manages to persuade the team to help him, and the procedure works well and Caine becomes invisible, though when he tries to get him back the serum fails and he remains invisible. The team desperately seeks an antidote, but nothing works, The dog slowly begins to lose pressure on reality, realizing the power it has, but unable to use it trapped in the lab. But again he is invisible right, he can do whatever he wants ... Directed by Paul Verhoeven I really liked the Hollow Man. You know that just after Christmas, I saw this a few hours ago on cable late night / morning and worst I feel bad not because of the movie but because of the chocolates and the physical pop that I had in the past weeks, so I'll keep it brief. Andrew W. Marlowe's script has a decent rhythm but has a small weight in the middle and has a good central premise, the basic idea is that the invisible will make you crazy as in the original The Invisible Man (1933) movie which Hollow Man obviously owes a little fair. Manages to have a successful horror, sci-fi & action & entertainment mix offers 110 minutes of fun. I thought the characters were ok, I thought some ideas in the movie were good, although I think it's generally known that Verhoeven does not deal with subtlety, the first thing the invisible Caine does is molestation the sex of his team, and when he enters the outside world, he has a rape dog, a woman with the justification "who knows" that Caine says. Then, of course, there is a gore, it shows that a rat is broken and it is just the opening scene after the credits, to be fair towards it the violence is a bit less, this time, but it still has a rather ugly and sadistic tone about it . After I said I love horror / gore / exploitation movies, so the Hollow Man has offered me, it's just that it can not be the whole cup of tea. Director Verhoeven does a good job or should be special effects boys make them look good. The special effects of Hollow Man are really spectacular and less or less perfect, bright and just as straightforward. There are also some good sets of horror and action, even if the climate battle is a little overhead. I like Kevin Bacon's effect disappearing in one layer, filled with veins, organs and bones at full show or when it happens with the gorilla. There are a few difficult moments, including a rat that is eaten, someone is pricked on a tip and someone has their head broken open with blood splatter results. With an amazing budget of about $ 95 million, Hollow Man is technically defective, I can imagine DVD interviews in which some special boffin effects say they have mapped the entire body of Bacon right up to the last vein they did because you know everyone watches would see if one of his veins was missing or in a heavy position No? The action was fine, Bacon did for a good guy crazy scientist type anti-hero. Hollow Man is one of the extravagant Hollwood hose, where the effects and action take place in the center of attention over any significant story or character, but to be honest, honest, sometimes we like it in a movie, I know they do. Big, solid entertainment with a slightly more dizzying and darker budget than the usual Hollywood product certainly deserves a watch.
