It seems that a lot of IMDB comments about this movie are biased in the sense that they are trying to compare it to an older version. True, "HOLLOW MAN" is a remake like "INVISIBLE MAN", but here the similarities are over. "HOLLOW MAN" is a fun movie, period. If you watch a movie with the intention of finding as many defects as possible, then you should not watch the movies first. True, some movies are terrible and unbearable, but "HOLLOW MAN" manages to have fun and to make you think what you would do if you were invisible and if you had been with one of your friends. Kevin Bacon plays the role of an eccentric scientist who, together with a team of collaborators, discovers how animals become invisible. Now his mission is to make them visible again. When this team of young scientists (working, as you probably guess, for the Pentagon) think you have the formula to make the animals visible again, Kevin's bitch volunteers be the first to try out the new experimental drug. After that, of course, things go wrong because Kevin Bacon remains invisible to the rest of the movie and is forced to wear a latex mask so his collaborators know where he is. The feelings of paranoia and despair begin to take Kevin's character, and when he finds out that his ex-girlfriend and collaborator (Elisabeth Shue) has a torrid adventure with another young scientist in the team, he finally stops. The film then turns into a hybrid of "ALIEN" and a bad blow, but that does not say it's bad bad. There are scarecrows and chills and the movie moves in a beautiful rhythm. The special effects are top (always prevalent in all of Paul Verhoeven's films) as we see some sequences of "body reconstruction" that have never been seen before on a movie. If there is anything to complain about, it is probably the predictability of the situations here; from the first hour of the movie, you know that Kevin's ham will make it a jump to be odd and eccentric to be a madman finally killed. And the end is a bit steep, but despite that, HOLLOW MAN still deserves to look. If you want to know what a bad movie is, then you lose money on "FEAR DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or even worse THE UNTOLD (or "Sasquatsh" with Land Henriksen). Now that it's "empty"! 8 * of 10 *!
