In 2006, AMPAS gave one of the most innovative documentaries illustrating wildlife in the coldest place on earth, where the film was marked by penguins by Academy Award winning actor Morgan Freeman. a monopoly on the animated circuit decades ago. They took their live shooting game and were hit and missed everywhere. Disney then created a subdivision called Disneynature and released his first feature film entitled "Earth." This is absolutely one of the most appealing and documentary documentaries we have seen quite once. <br /> <br /> Discussed by the great James Earl Jones, Earth does not offer anything new to anyone who has been watching Discovery Channel over the past five years or the global warming crisis is coming very close. The earth reaches the problem very deeply and adopts a very liberal approach to the subject. It allows for an emotional bond with nature that I have not experienced before. It also shows not only the beauty and mystification parts of our glorious planet, but also the terrible and disturbing aspects that it often involves. It's one thing to forget that "Mufasa" falls off a rock in a stampede or Bambi's mother is shot by a hunter in the middle of the forest. It's all good because at the end of the movie we know it's still a movie. It shows penguins, polar bears, elephants, all kinds of families, living in all their life styles, living and dying in their natural habitats. These real things make a real cinematic experience. Although a small weight on the graphic nature of the film (which many people disagree), Earth is an impressive experience. There is an amazing cinematography that works here by an extraordinary camera team and a fantastic score by George Fenton. Compared to March of the Penguins or Grizzly Man, it really does not hold any action, but she's great on her own. At the end of the day, you gain an appreciation of our planet and a bit of sadness, because many of us probably will never get to visit these places we will be watching in the movie. We live here, but it's like we're not going to explore the planet for one reason or another. The earth is beautiful. <br /> <br /> *** / ****
