First, the release date is 2009, not 2007 for the long documentary film. It should be better termed "Earth, 2009". Secondly, let me address the complaints of some reviewers who have seen the TV series "Planet Earth" since 2006. I have not seen this TV series, but I have learned here that this movie is full version of the 2006 TV series. Judge any movie, on its merits, not by its source. Judging results on their own, and the results of "Earth, 2009" are really excellent. We refuse this trivial complaint by some reviewers: it is simply an extended version of the 2006 TV series "Planet Earth". So what? Does not matter. As a gentle film and one who has seen dozens of natural documentaries in my life, I was amazed and very impressed by "Earth, 2009". This is the debut movie of the new DisneyNature division of Disney and follows Walt Disney's film-making documentary films of the 1950s and 1960s. Cinematography, film editing, score music, sound and narration are excellent. There have also been several other documentaries of a nature that have excelled in these categories as well. What really sets "Earth, 2009" is its scope. It literally covers the entire planet, covering all seven continents. After my first view, it was obvious that this documentary film required a massive effort and a lot of time and talent to create. <br /> <br /> Three production companies were forced to make this amazing documentary movie. "Earth, 2009" convincingly tells the stories of four species about their large migrations, as it stretches for a year from seasons beginning in January and ending in December, from the North Pole to the South Pole. Two high-tech special cameras were used for this film: one room has a 360 degree rotation motorized lens and the other one is a HD camera set at an amazing resolution of 1,000 frames per second. This shooting technique has indeed added drama and beauty to some of the scenes of Earth, 2009, especially the cheetah and other large white sharks that came out of the water to catch the lions and the aerial view over the edge of the the largest waterfalls in the world. There are many beautiful stunning photos in this documentary. By cinema, music score and narrative, there is drama, sadness, humor and great beauty in this documentary. With an excellent music score made by the renowned Berliner Philharmoniker, excellent and technical cinema and the story of James Earl Jones, I consider "Earth, 2009" the greatest documentary documentary ever produced. <br /> <br /> Five years of hard work, patience, talent and dedication have been paid very well here. This movie should be watched in all schools around the world. Prevent an Oscar for best documentary, among other awards. Indeed, an amazing, amazing, extraordinary and magnificent documentary film. Very highly recommended
