This is a run-of-the-mill porn film. By porn, I do not mean sex. I want to say free images (for example) thousands of birds together, or hundreds of mills, or a huge waterfall or iceberg. Some photos in the film seem to be just to make their way into the trailer to attract people to the theaters to see them for ten seconds before they disappear not seen again for the rest of the movie. > <br /> There is almost no plot in this movie. He said to wait for a story of three families of animals, "better than March of the penguins", the film simply does not offer. Guilt is based on three key areas: (1) the writers who gave James Earl Jones some of the worst lines to tell the story of the natural movie, (2) the music team that dramatized everything to tell you what you should feel, even when the movie fails to motivate and ultimately, but the most important (3) editors who had the story to jump from place to place without any rhyme or reason, no continuity, no flow, sucks life out of the whole movie - movie about life. When I arrived at whales halfway through the film, I sank back into the chair with fear hoping that the hope that the film would have been more than half and that I would be able to survive the long endurance test along with the animals on the screen. <br /> <br /> There was almost no science in the movie at all. They attributed warm and cold (not only the seasons) only the inclination of the Earth, ignoring the fact that we will have more extremes from the location in the location if there was no inclination because the poles would never warm up. And it would be worse if it had no revolution (relative to the revolution) like Mercury, because half the planet would be baking and the other half would freeze. Then at the end they used the term "humans and animals", as if people were not animals, somehow exempt from the laws of nature. So much for science. I have to believe credit with the camera, though, and again, that's why I call this kind of porn. Everything from super-slow motion to what appears to be a mechanically adjustable photograph in time has been made available to provide some (and I have attention, only "some") amazing moments that lift the bar compared to other natural movies. That being said, I'm not convinced that everything was on the screen. Some of the photos that show the great watering pit in Africa, as they change from season to season, seemed like me CGI. A director would have expected such a suspicion and would have built other pictures to prove it was natural, but they did not. For a movie about Earth, I expected much more Earth to be shown. What I saw was clean. We had to take the narrator's word because some species are at risk due to climate change. They showed no evidence. They did not show us the visible poisonous lakes of Alberta visible from space. They did not show us the great trash of the Pacific. They did not show us a night vision of human light pollution around the planet. These are just as much Earth as anything else. Why cover for a good summer? <br /> <br /> My last criticism of content is teaching. Every time a dragon was shown on the screen, hunting, the music turned almost into the Mt Doom scene from Lord of the Rings, with the predator portrayed as a kind of final-evil Sauron character. But predators are not bad. They perform a necessary service, ensuring the survival of the best members of the predatory species. We are our own predators. Whenever the predator caught the prey, we immediately cut off to another, pretending that death and food did not happen. The last insult was that the polar bear "father" was left to die after he dared to try to eat. "The bad bang! Bad!", You almost can hear them say. At the presentation itself. My theater may be in part guilty of this, but maybe not. I expected to see something with greater clarity than I could see on my own LCD HDTV at home. But the picture was blurred and was presented in the same 16: 9 report that we could get home, instead of the broader report that many films come in these days. And during a clogged action scene, the movie (I do not think this happens digitally, as he looked like) was damaged and I lost some of the colors, eventually totally denying. This has been repeated three times. If it actually makes a tree in my name, it will be worth it. But how do I know?
