The warning alert is for those people who want to see for themselves what animals and landscapes pass before their eyes, although I do not mention it in detail. "The Earth" is approx. A fifteen-minute cinema-based version of "Planet Earth," which we watched on BBC TV. The TV version was reported by David Attenborough, an exciting commentator, whom I also wanted to have done for "Earth," but Picard Captain Picard Stewart. There are regular Earth shots in space, so they might be appropriate. In any case, he has a calm and calm voice for that. There are 12 chapters in which we live on the earth's life from the North Pole to the Antarctic. 3 animal families, polar bears, elephants and whales, appear in several of these parts. Each "chapter" begins with an indication of how far the north pole or equator is. We will see something from each animal, but only mammals and birds, some fish and beautiful pictures of vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and jungle, an almost perfect presentation of the variety of life and landscapes and the climate of the earth. You have the impression that our planet is inhabited only by animals: people or villages or cities are not in the movie, so it is a typical documentary, but shot in amazement and accompanied by delightful music. When the movie opened, we already knew it would end too soon for me. It's a family movie, so no brutal animal killings. When someone is caught by the hunter, the shooting is over, and in other cases, when we see that the prey is caught, it is shot down slowly, making it less violent and supervised for young children (age 6 in the Netherlands). No blood is shed. Some scenes (newborn animals) are really nice and will be adored by children. It looks like an ordinary movie, but when you know how many shooting days were needed (4,000) and how much money it cost becomes a piece of beauty even more amazing. He had the Dutch premiere yesterday, one month before the real release, in a 500-seat cinema, of which 15 were taken. True beauty is rarely interesting for cinemas, it seems. As I knew the TV series, I was, of course, very curious whether my favorite scenes would have done it in this movie. Some did not, but luckily they made the most impressive photos (big waterfalls). It was the first time I cried in a natural movie.
