I only heard wonderful things about the 2006 mini-TV series, "Planet Earth," related to my childhood idol, David Attenborough. However, whether it was here in Australia or not, I never managed to do it, and when I had the opportunity to see "Earth (2007)"? a lengthy compilation of the same images? on the big screen, I jumped on the chance. The theater was virtually empty; just another patron sat in the row in front of me and it was as if I had not only the big screen for me, but indeed the whole planet Earth. For 90 minutes, I was lowered into the beauty and danger of the isolated wilderness among some of the most beautiful live creatures ever captured on the film. Wonderful in his sphere of action and yet painfully intimate, "Earth" is a heart gone from movie makers to recognize the delicate balance of life on our planet and how intrusion of people has put countless glorious animals and plants Although the film, directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, obviously argue for the conservation of the wild, refrains from banging ourselves with propaganda, and the puzzle that is politics is totally ignored; Indeed, there is no one in sight. Instead, we are simply taking a stunning journey into the magnificence of the natural world to experience the strength and fragility of life on Earth. I have heard that the initial mini-series, which lasted eleven episodes, multiplies much deeper into the scientific background of the world's ecosystems, but I think filmmakers here made a wise decision to replace emotionally impacting information: remember the last time I felt so inspired and yet totally defeated at the same time. By establishing an emotional bond between the audience and some selected individual animals, anthropomorphizing them to a certain extent, we are suddenly able to appreciate the "human side" of each species and their hopeless survival situation becomes less statistically and unacceptably tragic. The "Earth" consists essentially of a selection of dramatic episodes, whether it is the fights of a polar female bear to drive her young chicks in the Arctic ice, or to hunt a staff of elephants to seasonal flood waters rescue of the Okavango Delta. The documentary demonstrates the delicate balance between life and death, the most spoiledly exposed in the desperate ballet of prey-predator interactions. Although sometimes, perhaps, to respond to a younger audience, the film is draining at the crucial moment, I regularly tear myself about the inevitability of death in nature and the raw instinct combining the final and hopeless efforts of these animals to survive . There is even a thrilling beauty that is found in hunting, both in the slow-motion shootings of a cheetah who stabbed his prey (the result of a single unlucky loser), or the greatest leap of a great white shark conceals a great lion unhappy. This fragile balance has been disturbed by the egoism of our species. In addition to these main stories, we are also treated to shorten wild animal fragments from around the world, including the birds of the Papua New Guinea paradise and the autumn migration of demoiselle cranes. Of course, whole films could have been dedicated exclusively to these species, and an inevitable consequence of having to go through many images is that some interesting ecosystems are taken too quickly. Is the choice to focus the most on the polar bear, the elephant and the cock whale? watching their lifestyle through a stunning high-definition photograph over a year of calendars? the directors managed to avoid any structural problems that might arise because they have so much to show, and only 90 minutes to show them. Consequently, "Earth" has left me thirsty for longer, and fortunately, I now have about eleven more hours as soon as I can find a copy of the DVD set for "Planet Earth." Growing and tearing tears, inspiration and enthusiasm, "Earth" is a truly magnificent documentary experience and could be just my favorite movie since 2007.
