Riget II is a good sequel, but not as good as the first. This series does not seem to be as serious as the first. There are many more comedies in this, though. I returned to the Danish national hospital Rigshospitalet. Mrs. Drusse is about to leave the hospital because her work is done, but her fate would otherwise be. Soon, he is following ghosts, and Helmer makes everyone mad and soon will become much worse as the black powers are revealed in the Kingdom. This story involves much more comedy than the previous one. With all the fun, but it makes you make the series a bit more serious. The story kept a lot of elements from the last series and added some new elements. It's well written, but some of the new items are just some kind of silly, but it saves it making it more like a comedy. The good story, but not as good, original and thrilling as the first series. The actors are the same as some add-ons to the regular distribution. All are very good. It's a strange story and a set. Some parts are a totally strange show and the characters change during the show, so keeping it seriously and keeping it real is not an easy task. However, these actors are perfectly in charge of this situation. Most of the good qualities in the first series are kept intact. Cinema is one of these qualities. The camera that made the world Trier offers the suspense and reality of the series. It gives the camera a unique ability to move and watch the characters, and Trier uses these skills. Okay, move, lightning fast, good composition and editing make this enjoyable to watch. Be prepared to see the best effect in this sequel, which first. Be prepared to see even more. I did not think the green thing looked good. I thought it was non-original and did not fit. However, the effects of ghosts are very good. Non-digital effects look too good. The little brother seems weird, but you accept him. Everywhere I say the effects are from OK to good. Music is also pretty good. Moody and beautiful. Some of them are really touching. It fits very nicely. The first is the pretty little music in the action scene and it works very well. All together have a success. If you had seen Riget, you can see this without being disappointed. It has many qualities like the first series. However, I would recommend seeing the first series before seeing this. These two make up a series that you do not want to miss.
