City Hall takes over the politics of a city, rather than a country, state, or any other major political mass. Because it shines the city of New York, which is a huge political arena, especially nowadays, but it goes to a smaller scale and puts the microscope on a few key players in a city-level scandal that hits the mayor's right hand. Director Harold Becker is a director very familiar with elements of the thriller that made Mercury Rising, Malice, and Disturbance Domestic, and he believes in many ways he incorporates so many of the formalizing thriller that almost to blame. I mean, the City Hall must be a political drama, not a thriller, but instead, when everything is said and done, and once you get to the flesh and potatoes of the movie, you feel and look like a thriller, but a decent one an important part of the recipe that immediately makes it disappear ... what else ... or rather who else ... Al Pacino. The film begins by giving you a great insight into the life in the City Hall office and on the inner city's operation. As the film continues, he extends his political spectrum to include a democratic leader and his connections, and then we are introduced to some of the city's activities. As events unfold, a mystery begins and the political aspect is a bit left in the background, but it still has a brilliant set. I do not like to talk about Al Pacino. I mean, even once he did not give a good interpretation, how can I say that? Man is the king who acts. There is only something brilliant about his entire conduct. In the mayor's office, Pacino plays in New York City Hall. He has a sense of duty and honor and immediately seems to be a very determined politician. It also offers one of the most powerful and deepest speeches I've ever seen at James Bone funerals. I re-tracked the speech four times and the first time I saw Pacino giving it, my mouth began to open and I almost wanted to get up and applaud. His brilliant writing, written and brilliant by Pacino. John Cusack, who really enjoys being an actor, turns into a mediocre and exaggerated performance as Vice Mayor Kevin Calhoun. He's a kind of film focus and he and Pacino have a good chemistry together when they're on the screen, but there's just something in this show ... it looks like he's trying too hard. His focus is just bizarre and, although supposed to be sad and intimidating, does not seem to get him out. May have a movie. Bridget Fonda, on her own way, has a good job as a lawyer for police widows Marybeth Cogan. Her performance is very similar to Cusack's, because she does not seem to find the groove with this character. Danny Aiello is great, though his character is a bit under explored as a democratic chief with ties to the mafia Frank Anselmo. Martin Landau makes a decent cameo as a judge under Walter Stern's control. The issue with City Hall is obvious in reviewing characters and actors. Everyone is ... fine. There are a lot of stories that they try to bring without showing them, and unfortunately leave you a little confused about the whole conspiracy. And, of course, you have Al Pacino in a rather small role, but he's absolutely shining in it and shines and shades the other actors in the movie. She feels almost like they may be intimidated by being on screen with them. Thus, the City Hall could have been this huge political epic drama / thriller, but it felt cut and clipped to a mean duration of the mourner, but still has to be seen for Pacino and another move about the internal policy. If you do not see this movie, just discover Pacino's speech at James Bone's funeral, because the electrifying word does not seem to give him justice, but you can see what makes Al Pacino so incredible, because in a mediocre film he removes that wall of a speech and makes you feel that. If you are a fan of John Cusack who are ... he certainly did better, but he is the main character and everything he is right to do. A decent film, but unfortunately the potential loss. 7.5 / 10
