The film refers to a classical theme. In fact, it refers to Batman's theme, from beginning to end, but in actual dates and details. The mayor of New York, appreciated and very diligent and dynamic, to get a project slightly faster than normal, gives rise to pressure from private entrepreneurs on a drug dealer who ought to have been sent and guarded in jail, and he puts pressure on the judge in his turn to release him on probation in spite of a negative evidence that disappears, but is not destroyed, either because of the political value he represents. And what happens, and some people, including a black school, are killed in a shot between a police detective and that killer. The city can explode because of it: the racial tension due to the black schoolboy and the social tension due to the insecurity that such offenders can leave and continue with their criminal activities is for the public. Unfortunately, the film does not show this tension very well and follows the investigation of the first deputy mayor who wants to find out the truth and discover it. But, along the way, some witnesses are killed, and those who have played a role in the whole business are forced to retire (judge), end their career and life (contractor or contractor go between), a civil servant was ready to transmit the missing probation report and a shadowy character after providing crucial information. The mayor himself retires and takes a long vacation; But the main interest of the film is to explore the contractions that the mayor does to cover the problem and the counts he remembers that he has done in the past, which has led to the mistake of this case. The political philosophy that nothing is pure or pure white and that everything is gray that is never comfortable for decision-makers is referred to as an excuse for wrong but profitable decisions. We are not talking about the compromises needed to reach consensus in some areas that are essential to the public interest. We are talking about the fact that it is less important to make the wrong decision about a small or alleged small criminal than an infrastructure or an economic project in the city. Not typical of New York. That's true in any town hall office. It is much more significant in quantity and quality in a large metropolitan area like New York and of course in a city or country where police departments are municipal and are controlled by political imperatives. The young deputy of the mayor hinders the old mayor to get out of the way and derails his ambition to be the governor of New York to become the president of the US. The mayor is perfect due to the embodiment Al Pacino offers because he can express ten minutes of dialogue with a facial expression that makes the whole dialogue useless. It seems to me that the end is a little camouflaged, with the former first deputy of the electoral campaign on his behalf. This seems to mean that he was so attached to justice because he saw the chance of pushing the mayor off his own way. Therefore, he is no better than everyone else, just too young in his ambition. Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University, Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne University and Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines University
