*** SPOILERS *** When under Brooklyn North Det. Eddie Santos, Nestor Serrano, was meeting his drug dealer, Tito Zapatti, Larry Romano, in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, in a buying and bust operation, and Tito was the one who died, Santos and Tito they end up being shot and killed by each other. During the death dead death an innocent man, six years old, James Bone Jr., Jaliyl Lynn, was also killed in the cross fire. With New York City planning to host the 1996 Democratic Presidential Convention this summer, the last thing the Mayor of Pappas wanted, Al Pacino, was a possible rebellion against the tragic death of the young James Bones by a possibility in which later was determined to be a bullet from Tito's gun, which killed young James, a member of the New York City Police. What was more shocking, even Bone's death, is that his murderer, Tito Zapatti, was given probation by state officer NY, respected, Walter Stern, Martin Landau. When it would have to be put behind bars for 10 to 20 years by arresting a kilo of cocaine in the back of his car! Soon it became obvious that the person who received Judge Stern for a $ 50,000 payment was not Brooklyn police chief Frank Anselmo, Danny Aiello. Anselmo is the one who engages with Mayor Pappas in a land deal involving the New York Metro System that will bring tens of millions of dollars to his real estate friends over the next two years! It would also indirectly connect Mayor Pappas to killing bones by connecting with Judge Stern, which made it possible for Tito to be free, who is a common friend of himself and of Gomba or Landsman Frank Anselmo! br /> To keep all of this from blowing up Det. Santons is framed, working undercover, without superiority, in bone filming. In fact, those brothers, Santos, go over and hide about 40,000,000 dollars in cash in the sheltered summer house, making it seem payable to Tito's uncle, Paul Zapatti, Anthony Francois, for letting his nephew give drugs, action. What could explain to her, as well as Tito, shot by Tito welshing on Santos's full of pay! As things turn out to be deputy Mayor Pappas, in Kevin Calhoun City Hall, John Cusack, who ends up paying his attention to his boss, being too honest to find out who was responsible to cover Tito's criminal record , which allowed him to get out on the streets. The facts Kevin found directly leads to Frank Anselmo, a major political supporter of Mayor Pappas, who, as it turned out, was tied to the captain of Tito's uncle Paul, uncle Paul! A little over-town hall "shows how great the city's corruption is, as well as down, to all those in the city administration without them, such as Mayor Pappas, even knowing about it. Mayor Pappas was the biggest pity he was a friend of Brooklyn Boss Anselmo, who puts people at work, such as Judge Stern, who were subject to Mafioso blackmail, Paul Zapatti, chief of Anselmo. *** Only a deadly exchange in Williamsburg was needed to put everything moving not only from Tito, apart from Detroit, Santos and James Bone, being killed, but why he was allowed to go out on the street to bring down the popular mayor of New York City Mayor Pappas looks forward to things much bigger, such as the governor or even the president, in his next political upheaval. "As his top deputy, Kevin Calhoun, without seeking otherwise, was responsible for his resignation. his friend, Frank Anselmo, and the one who helped him put him on the bench as judge of state, Judge Stern. Who decides to let Tito Zapatti do this disaster, which has led to at least half a dozen murders and suicide, is possible!
