I read the negative comments before watching this movie and I'm late, I went and started to look. I admit that I have to come back a few times because the movie is incredibly complex, involved and full of details. This is a good thing, but also quite unexpected in this machine tracking culture, explosions, free sex and general violence that replace park development and character. In fact, a welcome departure, however, is so common not to pay special attention to what they are looking at. <br /> <br /> This movie is full of character and plot plotting; the guy I looked at when I was in high school. This requires real spectral participation of the spectator. What a pleasant change. I would compare to "All the men of the president" in terms of generic topics. It is a mystery about intense deviations from elected officials and those who have sufficient influence on officials to "hold" them essentially. <br /> <br /> Unlike "All the men of the president," this film makes an effort to give a pair of current personal characters. In this respect, the film is a character study like "The Negotiatior" with Samuel Jackson and Kevin Spacey. In this film, their characters are both employees of the city, and the park is extremely intense. However, the plot depends on the ability of their characters to cooperate with each other, to trust each one, and ultimately to unite with the corrupt police department. There are several gun shots in this movie, and the specific plot is different, but generic, there are many similarities. <br /> <br /> I will say that City Hall requires much more concentration. In fact, I was struck by how parallel the past and present political scandals I have seen in my life, turning to Watergate. The thing is that the audience knows something is not right, sure! but tracking the details is hard to do. This film is not even close to being as complex as real life, but it is actually realistic for life in its complexity. I think this is one of the reasons why previous posters criticized the film: unrealistic expectations. If someone follows this thing knowing what they are going to see and is aware of the experience, it's really great! I've seen it three times in a row! The actress is gorgeous and the direction is perfect. The weakest link is the emphasis of John Cusak.
