Wow ... another 5 hours of Riget. Lars continues the great combination of occult drama, dark horror, and soap opera drama. Lifting exactly where the last episode of the previous series (full of the same intensity and suspense lasts, although it does not last, for better or worse), this franchise seems somewhat more bold ... in the last series, it seemed to pass day or week between each episode, while in this case it is clear a long stretch ... where an episode ends, it begins to continue. It can be said about Lars von Trier ... but he is very diverse and quite eccentric. Both qualities point to that. The land continues its excellence, now giving more attention to ordinary characters who were minors in the last four episodes. Virtually every character from the first returns, at least until the main roles. Pacing is not as sharp as the first part, and I found myself less attracted to it. It is not at all possible to say that this does not imply me, however ... I still wake up looking at myself and, in a few moments, I react strongly, often loudly, to what is happening (extreme behavior unusual because I am an incredibly silent person), as I was during the first. Like the first, this also brings some ethical questions loaded. Relying on the foundation at first, this brings the story further ... and being a sequel, the field is also bigger. Grander. More spirits, more bizarre events, more subplots. And the powerful graphic material of the first one returns and has been hit by a notch. Characters are further developed. The act is amazing, like the first one. Udo Kier strengthens his tremendous talent for anyone who doubts. Playing a very difficult character (whoever saw the first series may most likely realize what I mean) * and * acting in a language he did not speak (later called) ... and still teaching such strong performance. The cinema remains excellent and is still very handy, with fast and occasional long-lasting zooms. Editing is sharp, with some direct sound cuts (though they were more prominent in the first). Now, with all she has told me, I really would like to be able to evaluate this a perfect 10 ... or at least a little below, like the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching, and I never feel sorry. But it has shortcomings ... those that the first part had and many more. First, humor takes up too much space ... and this is even worse. There are some new ordinary characters who do not exist for any other reason than to offer comic aid ... three of them, no less. Scenes are set up and executed for another reason than to make the audience laugh. Good for a comedy, but what does it do in such a dark and unpleasant, yes, nothing less sadistic at times, a piece of horror? Helmer's solitary place, hidden from loneliness, changes from the roof of the hospital ... from which he could see his beloved Sweden ... in a bathroom. With an angle inside the bowl. No, you have read this right. In general, humor seems rather brilliant ... more sex and joke for body functions, which again raises the question "Why?" While most of the writing is excellent, some of them are straight. Several scenes are basically copied from the first mini-series (it can be guessed because of their popularity when it was broadcast). Sometimes, the drama seems to be more blasphemous than the first one, and it sometimes jumps too much. Fortunately, seldom, but significantly, points and plotting elements are explained too easily (a certain character living in Denmark for no apparent reason, for example ... anyone who has seen it knows who I am talking about). The two dishwashers, while still mysterious and full of wisdom, become too much of a gimmick ... too overexposed, in the end, I think. Most scenes with them are still enjoyable. In addition, I want to reassure any reader of this, who, despite all the negative things I have just written, that this is still good ... certainly pleasing, convincing, strong ... and in my opinion my humble, should surely be seen by everyone who likes it first (although if they belong to that group, do not expect the story to be over after you've looked at it more than you did after the first). I recommend this to any fan of Lars von Trier and anyone who enjoyed the first Riget and wants more from where he came from. I urge anyone who really wants to follow this up to make sure you've seen all the first before you do ... I bought this before you bought me first but I kept watching you until I bought the first and I followed this, and I can not tell you how glad I am that I did. Although this presents a brief summary of the events in the first, there is a huge amount of details and issues that you would lose if you did not see it before you follow this. It's a little smaller, but certainly one more to watch if you liked it first. 8/10
