Being a New Yorker transplanted, I may be more critical than most of the City Hall. But I have to say that before I got to the story myself, I was captivated by the shooting of the place and the political atmosphere in New York, which was created by director Harold Becker. For example, there is a reference to Woerner's restaurant in Brooklyn, where politician Frank Anselmo likes to eat. There is or was a Woerner's restaurant on Remsen's street in downtown Brooklyn when I lived in New York in 1996. In fact, he was especially favored by Borough politicians, although they had some other hangouts. <br /> <It's no surprise because the script was a co-author of Nicholas Pileggi, who still writes political stories and organized crime. He knows the atmosphere quite well and he knows for sure how these two worlds are crossing the way they do in this film. A detective played by Nestor Serrano goes for an informal meeting with a relative of the mob boss Anthony Franciosa, and three people are dead, including a six-year-old boy whose father leads him to school. The mushroom story and at the end of it is reached within the City Hall itself. Al Pacino plays mayor John Pappas and John Cusack's vice mayor has transplanted Louisianan, a state that has a blatant tradition of corruption itself. He's the outsider here, and in trying to make damage control, Cusack finds more than he did for him, Danny Aiello plays Frank Anselmo, the Brooklyn police chief, and for you, not from New York, on Queen's chairman, Donald Manes, who was also out of scandal. He is very much like the kind of Brooklyn politician I met that day, whose friendship with organized crime and favors he did for them, make Aiello. City Hall was the farewell interpretation of Anthony Franciosa, a film of the most underestimated and less appreciated talent on the screen. No one looks at anyone else whenever he is. Al Pacino's best moment is when, at the funeral of the murdered child, he takes over the procedures and turns him into a political triumph for himself. He is a complex party, he is a fairly decent man, but one is caught up in the corruption he has to pick up in a place like New York. <br /> <br /> For those who want to know about political life in Big Apple, City Hall is highly recommended.
