THE GUIDE OF PIRER TO THE CINEMA (2007) **** If Loving Cinema makes me a perverse, be! If you're a real "moviefreak" like me then I'm sure you can not get enough movies about the movie and I do not mean to say dry the documentary and then. I want to say a complete speech about the movie viewing experience. Well, if that's the case, I got a movie experiment for you. In Sophie Fiennes (Ralph & Joseph's sister if you ask), he noticed the philosopher how cinematographer Slavoj Zizek gives his film analysis with some impressive (and often scandalous) things, from Chaplin's silent epoch to the modern age of the Wachowski brothers , analyzing, researching and pontificating the psycho-sexual basis, the socio-economic, political and, of course, undetectable magic of the film's experience with its unusual, determined and almost frenzied dissertations. To explain how Bates's house in PSYCHO is actually Norman Bates's mirrored psyche in conflict with every level like Ego's, Superego & Id is one thing, but then suggest the same thing about every Marx brother in barely a remarkable test of faith that wins the skeptical layman. Although I had no idea who was Zizek? it looks like a hybrid of director Brian DePalma, European actor Sergezija Serbedzija and the hyperkinetic energy of directors Quentin Tarantino and Martin Scorsese? with his tongue and sympathetic passion, the host comes like a mad prophet. <br /> <br /> Fiennes intelligently introduces Zizek into several film films while making a humorous tone, but still allows him to lose his argument in three acts covering a range of such movies be Kubrick, Lynch, Hitchcock and movies as diverse as WIZARD OF OZ, RED SHOES and FIGHT CLUB. <br /> <br /> Is there anything for everyone and if a man can cause an argument or at least a reason to discuss a movie's themes? even if Freudian / Jungian are to blame? then I say that this collection of film theory deserves the watch. Look for it now if you can before you get to your home movie; is the only way to appreciate it.
