There is danger with the critic / philosopher Slavoj Zizek with his film, directed by Sophie Fiennes, which brings together a wonderful amalgam of thriller, horror, sci-fi, surreal and other contemporary thrillers to make together his points of Freudian comparisons with overloading. But in Pervert's Cinema Guide, he even makes the deeper points a starting point from any analysis I have seen in a collective section of films. Although it does not cover Scorsese's expansive film, the same attachments are there, and Zizek has a clear love for all of these "perverse" examples and films, first of all Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin and Tarkovsky. Yet you should not go into watching this - if you can find it, I have to see it almost fortunately - thinking that Zizek will try to dissect all the psycho-sexual parts or the parts that refer to him in a blunt, disturbed manners. If one opens up to other points that could never be considered elsewhere - should think of three of the Marx brothers as representations of Id, Super-Ego, and Ego (Harpo's example is the deadest for me )> <br /> He is not the only one to take the classic, yet he thinks that the food thought in The Matrix and Fight Club - in the representations of the division between fantasy and reality, and whether the matrix needs energy as much as energy needs the matrix of the former, and the attachment of violence to dealing with self, as well as with the latter in the latter. He even throws a piece from the moment of the pivot, in the Sith Revenge, when Anakin becomes Darth Vader, and the implications of removing the parent under that back mask just when the birth of his children happens elsewhere. The ideas of paternity, men's sexuality, the point of view of men in turning fantasy into reality (at this moment Zizek's point of view as the moment of creating a nightmare) and female subjectivity are probably explored the most deadly of Vertigo. And that's what happens for a scene that Zizek deconstructs as if it were the Zapruder movie, where she dissects the three points of extinction of the psycho-sexual position in the "Do not Look At Me" scene in Blue Velvet. /> Now it would be one thing if Zizek himself tried to make these points frank, excited and, in a way, plausible, just to confront the room or especially in the voice, as Scorsese does. But he goes one step further to emphasize his points of fantasy and reality and how they overlap, intersect, become one and the same, or spread more decisively into a certain primordial or primordial feeling for some characters (that is, the Lost Highway ) In places where movies are playing. The funniest thing to do is to see him first in the boat "heading for" to the same boat of Tippi Hedren at the beginning of the Birds; just as funny as he is the blue velvet lawn he goes to explain the multifaceted points of Frank Booth; only one, when in the Solaris territory, seems a little camouflaged. But Zizek seems to have a great deal of fun with this configuration and, after a while, he's bypassing the potential of this gimmick, and Zizek's words come. "I've been expecting mainly from Hitchcock and Lynch, but a treatment for movie lovers comes from seeing two things - movies you would never have thought of seeing in a movie about the movie Pervert Cinema Guide Disney Pluto and the show on Chaplin's films, though with a great note about the power and distinction of "voice") and those that someone has not seen yet (that is, the horror ventriloch, Dr. Mabuse, Stalker, among others) which inspires immediate feelings of "wow, I have to see this immediately, without any questions." Zizek is a powerful writer with his work and puts it with a clarity that reminds us of why we look at movies first and foremost to have fun, but and have that real experience of sitting down and having something up there, as he put it, looking in a toilet. It's probably one of the greatest movies about cinema and in a splendid narrow analysis the way Freud works in films about desire, Id / Super-Ego / Ego, and the supernatural in fantasy that you will never be able to see. .. finally, distribution is not achieved, even on the smallest levels.
