"Cinema is perverted art, does not give you what you want, it tells you how you want it." The "Perverted Guide to Cinema" begins, in which Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Zizek applies the frenetic / lacanian brain scene to world cinema. This three-part film is the second documentary directed by Sophie Fiennes (yes, Ralph's and Joseph's sister), and is a notable achievement that takes place at 2½ hours of talks from a man and remains still full of humor and commitment all the time. Essentially, it's an extended film lecture and one of the best you could ever get. Throughout the movie, Zizek guides us through a catalog of obsession and desire in the history of the film. He touches more than 40 films and, in particular, spends a lot of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, Marx and Eisenstein. He also looks at "Persona," "Conversation," "Three Colors: Blue," "Dogville," "Battle Club," and "Exorcist." Thematically, Zizek's investigation of cinema varies from thoughts on death to "the coordinates of desire" and from Gnosticism to "partial objects". The "Pervert Guide" will be a little better if you took a few minutes to destroy your basic Freudian terminology. However, even if you are not overwhelmed in psychoanalytic theory, Zizek's dynamic and hilarious personality takes the film with such a taste that it is not possible to hit the specialized lingo. The film cuts frequently from video clips to Zizek * pictures inside the movie he's talking about - that is, in the original locations and sets. The transitions in these sequences support such tension and humor that the trick never ages. And Zizek himself always makes us laugh, either from bizarre jokes or from his enthusiastic insistence, for example, a bold oedipal interpretation of "Birds." And this laughing and laughing attitude in both Fiennes and Zizek is essential to the gonzo character of the film. It's a spoon of sugar that helps us digest Zizek's weird medicine. After all, do we not all have a feeling that, after a certain point, the theorists of psychology just pull our feet?
