Keep in mind that any film (not to mention the documentary) that asserts any truth will generate a bad and proportionate amount of cynicism from those whose suggestion and the search for truths is already meaningless, those of you who you are already masters of psychology, film and soul masters will undoubtedly find this redundant film, after all, you already know all you need to know. Congratulations. For those in the minority like me, I found "The Perverts Guide To Cinmea" ... very brilliant and worth watching for those interested in modern movies, psychology and philosophy. A little like Sophie Fiennes's director, Scott Mclouds, director Sophie Fiennes, interposes philosopher, psychologist and social critic Slavoj Zizek into many of the films and scenes she's discussing. The cover is a picture of "Birds" (Zizek takes a boat to re-create the shot). Lacanian psychoanalysis does not necessarily scream, a great night of fun ... but that's it! If you like movies that are .... Have some knowledge about Lexan psychoanalysis (symbolic, real and imaginary) are terms that are being discarded at first, but the scenes that Zizek selects and analyzes make clear what was always for me, a very abstract subject. In fact, it's probably better to have a familiarity with the movies you are discussing than with the terminology it uses, which becomes clearer while the movie continues. Why I like this film is not because of great movies to analyze or reveal great truths about Lacan, but it shows in a very practical and intelligent way where film and psychology (and implicit philosophy) meet. Why is "The Sound of Music" a kind of fascist, why are "short cuts" about more than class and alienation, why attacking birds in "Birds," what is learned about the mind at "Alien Resurrection," what does Solaris mean, I mean, "Psycho" and "Marx Brothers," and what the hell David Lynch is doing in the movie after the movie ... and Zizek has some ideas. The role of voice in both The Excorcist and Star Wars: The Revenge of the Sith is perhaps the strongest and most lucid moment of the movie when it comes to female subjectivity. at some point Zizek admits the feeling that the flowers are a decorative vagina denture, that I'm disgusting and that they should be hidden by the children (joking, it seems ...). <br /> <br /> However, it is a fascinating documentary that anyone who has ever seen a movie and believed to mean something more than was literally said, should make an attempt to see. Slavoj Zizek, is even more a necessity, much less dry than "virtual reality" and more direct than "Zizek!" Another two pseudo-doc, about the "Elvis of Contemporary Cultural Criticism" in the world of English speakers. <br /> <br /> "The Perversity Guide to Cinema" is NOT about the role of sex in cinema. Zizek claims that cinema is the latest perverted art because it teaches "how to want and not what you want" and that it is the only form of contemporary art that can allow these wishes to be articulated. This is not a film about finding reality in cinema, but about finding cinema in reality and about how important and interesting it may be. It's hard to find, and a bit long, but it's worth the trouble, one of the most "stimulating" movie-watching experiences we've ever had.
