It's terrible, sweaty, cross-eyed and anxious. He stands in front of us and is called a perverse. Does he claim that we? viewers of the film? perceives the screen as a toilet bowl and they all want not to all explode from the inside. It's unpredictable and frightening. Good??? Come on, you could have guessed so far: he's one of our top philosophers. Slavoj? I? Ek is both a narrator and an extraordinary subject of Sophie Fiennes's new film, Pervert's Guide to Cinema. Fiennes illustrates a long-lasting lecture, made in two ways: by providing movie clips and by placing them on real (or rebuilt) locations in the movies he's talking about. Is it always nice to watch subtitled scary scenes from great movies (although the Sith Revenge), but the main attraction of Pervert's Guide? he is himself. What makes the movie so fun to watch is the question that can not be solved, which you can only help but ask from time to time: what opinions are more scandalous, its vision or the presence of the screen? In a documentary written by Astra Taylor (05), the Slovenian philosopher confessed at one point the fear of being silent. Because, he said, he feels that there is, first of all, the only way to make everyone else think he is doing is to talk constantly and feverishly. And he talks and how. Also a guide to the pervert? is he dominated by his voice? offering the perfect English in the most crazy way, and making some amazing points about the cinema. What are they? Well, for example, he sees Chaplin's refusal to speak of the image as a sign of a universal fear of the voice itself (a kind of extraterrestrial force that takes over the human being - I think the Dead of Night ventral). He says the perverse nature of cinema is to teach us to want some objects, not to offer them. He identifies Groucho Marx as a super-ego, Chico as an ego and Harpo as id. He says a million other interesting things, and we can not take his eyes all the time, so persuasive (and captivating) is his look. At one point, I could not help looking at his thick, scratchy hair and wondering what kind of brain is stored underneath. Craving, of course, for more insights. The most notable are the readings of Lynch and Hitchcock (which is not a surprise because he wrote about both). The cumulative effect of many clips brilliantly edited from their work made those parts of the memorable conference and? unlike others? hard to argue because he seems to have done good things for these two directors. This does not go to Tarkovsky's reading, for example, upon which he relentlessly imposes his own materialist vision on reality, rejecting what is so remarkable in all Tarkovsky (namely, strong religious insights and images). <br /> <> The question is not whether? I? Ek is inspiring and bright, because it is; or if Fiennes is worth watching, because it's the same. The real question is rather: are consistent opinions? An intelligent observation after another makes an overwhelming intellectual stroll, but after everything is over, there are still some doubts. For example, while we consider Vertigo (58), it says that what is hidden behind the human face is a perfect void, which makes the face itself a mere façade: something of deceit in its own means. However, when in the last hearing I heard about the dark end of City Lights (31) as a portrait of a human being fully exposed to another, it is hard not to ask: what happened to the entire facade? ? Why should we give Chaplin's face the intrinsic value of the real thing and look at Kim Novak of the same privilege in two daring blows? Or maybe this inconsistency could also be read in Lacan's terms? (The name of the notorious French psychoanalyst is "unrecognized" is fundamental to his thinking.) The film has all the virtues of a splendid lecture of two and a half hours: a lot of lands, many perspectives (when? Äek travels on a boat of Melanie Daniels from The Birds [63] and tries to believe the way he did, he comes up with "I want to be Mitch Mitch!"). But it also has a drawback which is not inherent in two and a half hours reading as such: it is almost obsessively degressive. his wires i ??? ek about how far we are from Real is as good as any other psychoanalytic thread, but after about 80 minutes it becomes very clear that one of the perverse pleasures of ?? i ?? ek is to turn on and on, changing topics constantly. The general effect is to be swept away by a giant, cool and flaming wave: at the same time, you are taken by surprise, refreshed, in danger of death and endlessly clogged. As you look, your head is full of ideas that are not yours and already planned to review some movies? but you also have a feeling of surviving a calamity. The final question is, did not you miss it? Or did not we even get close to the real things? Once cinephilia gets punished with imprisonment, we will all meet in one big cell, and eventually we will talk to each other (without having films around which we turn our faces). I dare all of you: who will have the courage to approach and defy him? I think once you look in these eyes in real life, you become faithful.
