(1995) with Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford, James Hayman, Dan Vining. /> Actor Harry Hamlin (fame LA Law, Clash of the Titans and other films) seems to be perfectly distributed in this "Lifetime" directed by James Hayman and released in 1995. He and his wife, Lisa Rinna, about addiction of sex. Her "Deadly Rival" is, at first glance, similar to the most famous hit at the Hollywood box office "Fatal Attraction". In "Rival," the happy married couple Jim and Kris Lanford move into a new home in the typically beautiful suburbs. They have seemingly perfect marriage - they are deeply in love, despite a routine lifestyle. But then a mysterious admirer looks at Jim. Her identity is never revealed in spite of an attempt by Jim and even the investigators to discover who she is. He constantly harasses Jim through telephone calls and letters. His marriage almost sobs, because his wife begins to think he has an affair and tries to cover her. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and other distributors - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Rome Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D. L. Anderson, William Blair - each seem to be directly from a soap opera. But this is a suspense drama and has good moments. There is a twist at the end. Spoiler Alert. All I have to say is "her deadly rival" was just herself. Based on a presumed real case, Kris's wife suffered from a multiple personality disorder, and that destroyed marriage. Even though the story is not impressive at all, even if acting is just one step behind the soap opera, this film has its moments. In particular, the movements are the intimate scenes between Jim and his wife and the final scene in which, when Jim finds the truth, he can not believe what he has just heard. The movie is probably a bit too long and boring in some parts, but it's a kind of TV movie that usually does well, especially in life, which continues to produce such films as the "domestic thriller" or seductive stories. Trashy, but everyone likes garbage.
