Everybody has a first love and although it's hard to define this feeling when you're younger, it's there, it hurts you inside. This is what Malaysian director Yasmin Ahmad wants to prove in his fourth play, a film in which the most complex emotion is reported in a simple and misleading manner. Such an approach is particularly convenient in this case, because the story of love at the base of the film involves two people of 12 years and would therefore make any "deeper" analysis seem controversial and pretentious. This is also not the proof of the breathtaking performance of the most important non-actors, Sharifah Aryana and Mohd Syafie Naswip. The first one interprets Orked (already seen as an adult character in the earlier image of Ahmad, Gubra), a rebellious little girl who, perhaps influenced by her "British" education (her mother studied in England), despises play with dolls playing violent sports with boys. Then one day he meets Mukhsin (Naswip), who has come to spend his holiday at his aunt's house and suddenly changes his habits: good-natured warfare, horseback riding and mountaineering. But what does that mean? Are they just friends or something more involved, something that none of them is ready to understand, not to mention acceptance? Given the young age of the protagonists, the answer to these questions is limited to impossible, as in several "smaller" films, there is no real closure, a choice that leaves a bitter taste, but in the end satisfactory: naturalism, unfriendliness (especially Aryana) becomes almost immediate, and a strong distribution (Orked's family, above all) helps keep minimalist narrative fun and seduction. The "down-to-earth" approach is not always so effective (the hilarious subplot about an adulterous neighbor is abandoned too early) and it is difficult to justify the bizarre fiction reference at the beginning of the feature, but the emotional power of adolescent romance is enough to do this is an interesting piece of Asian independent cinema.
