The film begins in a classroom where it is not surprising, the main actress, Orked, was seen in a Chinese language class. Later in the film, she was asked why (by Mukhsin) she was sent to learn Mandarin. Her answer was simple for a child; which is already well-known Malay language. It's a little romance you might think of it, but once you stop reading too much criticism and go for it, you will notice the typical elements in Malaysia. The film focuses, in principle, on 10-year-old Orked who met Mukhsin aged 12 in a game many of whom will think about playing the boy. Running away from the players, Mukhsin (who was new in that village) was forced to let Orked play the game, in which she showed skillfully her male side. Orked is not an ordinary girl as she describes more masculine behavior, as you will see in the film, defend Mukhsin of a very violent encounter with school aggressors, throwing one of the school twins out of the school bus window, throwing punches and hitting Mukhsin's brother where, after teasing Mukhsin and so on, and so on. Both were friendly and close friends, but with the slightest misunderstanding in which most of us would all respond in the same way, they both split up until the day that Mukhsin left the city. /> Now the film describes the first love between Orked and Mukhsin, began as friends but slowly evolved into a closer relationship and then to BGR. You will notice the changes that Yasmin has made in the movies of each main actor and actress when they go through love. The different character was portrayed with desire and light humor. The scenes were random, but they represented so much reality in it that you'd been stuck on the screen for a long time. You will love the movie for what it is, and not because you want to be patriots at local scenes, because it means a lot more. As the film envelopes around the two birds love, she also manages to find her lenses to Orked's parents, her mother who has been educated in England, speaks English very well and her husband and caregiver in her house Big attempts try to say his own English, really. Let me just explain why humor can be so prominent in this movie. And the explanation or description you can describe can be given in one word and that's RANDOMNESS. Often, more than that, we do not learn to laugh at ourselves, and when we do, we do it to the detriment of others. It's exactly like the film Watch Jack Neo's Law - Often when we are ourselves, we do not see the person in us, but when only when we are in the body of another person then we only teach you to see who we are really. And this is how humor is applied, more than dignity. The film was filled with such a random that the typical facts of our routine life, as we did them, could be completely filled with laughter if we wanted it to be. The other focus of this film was how Orked's neighbor, a couple in which the husband no longer loves his wife, and wanted to find another. Pak Koboi, after seeing him, saw polishing his motorcycle daily and took him on a journey with his girlfriend. The producer has failed to show you why the husband wanted to find another wife. The wife was a real hurler or KPC whom we call the Chinese, having interrupted the business of other people, and sending his own daughter to tease Orked in words that only adults would use. After all, what's happening around is approaching, and that's probably why bad things will happen to her. At any moment, being nice to the people around you will not hurt at all if you do not have an ego to protect, but again, what is it worth? The film also focuses on Mukhsin's brother, Hussein, who will go out into the city daily until late at night, smoking, drinking and finding "girls." He is Mukhsin's total opposite, but that's because of family problems. Both brothers lived with their aunt, and the parents were away from them. I will not reveal more of the story line because it would hurt much of the interest you wanted to find yourself, but the smallest of all the elements the producer wanted to send a message to the audience is our life all. He wanted us at least to look at life from our own perspective when we are not ourselves. Movies somehow, get us out of our body, put us in the character's position and use our empty mind to see what's going on. Depending on the type and genre of the movie, you will be fascinated by the way a good movie, such as this, will show and involve a significant impact on you.
