Mukhsin is a wonderful movie about a first love story. Everyone probably has one, and this is the story of writer-director Yasmin Ahmad about her, with a boy named Mukhsin. We know that her films were semi-autobiographical, having the scenes drawn on her personal experiences, and indeed this is the sharing and translating of these emotions on the big screen that has her films, most of the times, emanates a sincerity and warm honesty . Mukhsin is no different and probably the most polished thing to trust in commercials so far (although I have to add, as a personal bias, that Sepet still has a special place in my heart). Our favorite family is back - Pak Atan, Mak Inom, Orked and Kak Yam, although this time we return when Orked is 10 years old. The characters are all younger in the films I traveled with them from Rabun to Gubra and here, Sharifah, Amani's sisters, Sharifah Aryana and Sharifah Aleya, take the roles of Orked and Mak Inom, who probably were on the screen an excellent chemistry, with no doubt that their roles are not playing. The only constant seems to be Kak Yam, played by Adibah Noor, and even Pak Atan has hair on his head! Through Mukshin's film, we come in the complete circle with the characters and the world that Yasmin introduced us. We come to learn and understand the family, set in the days when they are still living in their camp (visited back in Rabun), where Orked attends a Chinese school and packs a serious combination of blows (and you ask about that explosion of energy in Gubra, well, she had it in you since the young!). The child full of boys and boys in the family, prefer to play with boys in games, rather than "masak-masak" without minds with girls, and favorite exits include going with family at football matches. The arrival of a boy named Mukhsin (Mohd Syafie Naswip) in the village offers a cool partner for Orked to sit and do things with - biking through villages, climbing trees, flying kites. And that what is to be explored, crossing that line between friendship and love, both beautiful emotions. Mukhsin has his strange moments that give life to laughter, because some of the incidents, we have experienced ourselves, and sometimes we will serve as a return to our own memory of our childhood. In short, those scenes shouted "fun"! We observe life in a typical campung, where some neighbors are very nice, while others, parking and rumors of rumors, spread sick gossip resulting from envy. There are two additional dynamics of the seen family, one from one immediate neighbor and the other from Mukhsin, both serving as adequate subplots and in contrast to those of Orked. As always, Yasmin's films are filled with excellent music, and for Mukhsin she has something special, the song "Hujan" as her father wrote, as well as "Ne Me Quitte Pas", appropriately used in the film. Given that Yasmin's films have so far been centered on the same characters, the beauty is that you can see how they stand alone or when viewed and joined, make a convincing family drama dealing with separate themes and universal issues such as interracial love, love and forgiveness. Fans will definitely see Mukhsin's numerous links back to previous films, while the new audience will surely be curious to find out some whys and meanings of recurring characters or events, such as that pudgy boy who steals the look at Orked. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> </ span> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> </ span> I thought that, as a story about childhood, recalled from memory, there are details that will be left safe. And subtly, I felt that Mukhsin presented this perfectly, with details not so detailed and emphasizing what can be remembered in the significant episodes of the two. Another highly recommended and rare film I feel right for all ages - bring your brother or sister together!
