This is a wonderful Amicus horror anthology, with 3 extraordinary stories and fantastic shows! Only the subsequent story disappoints. All the characters are great, and the movie is pretty refreshing and suspenseful, plus Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee are just amazing in this! It's very underestimated and my favorite story must be the third "Sweets To The Sweet" plus all the characters are very nice. Some of them are predictable, and the last story was incredibly disappointing and rather gentle! However, the end was really cool! This is a wonderful Amicus horror anthology with 3 great stories and fantastic shows, only the drawbacks of the last story, I say we have to see! First story ("Method for Crime"). This is a wonderful story, with lots of suspense, and killer Dominic is really creepy and behaves very well! This was the perfect way to start with a story and, for the most part, it is unpredictable, plus the double twist end is shocking and quite creepy! Grade A <br /> <br /> Second story. ("Waxworks"). This is a solid story with great performances, yet the end is quite predictable, but it is still creepy and a bit suspenseful, Peter Cushing did an amazing job and I could not believe the young Joss Ackland, I enjoyed this story! Grade B <br /> <br /> The third story (Sweets to Sweet). This is the best story here because it is extremely creepy and unpredictable throughout it, it also has a beautiful twist! Christopher Lee did a great job, and Chloe Franks did a great job as a young daughter, and the ending is quite shocking! I do not want to ruin it, but it's one of the best horror stories I've ever seen! Grade A + <br /> <br /> Story 4 ("Cloak"). This is a terrible story, really poor and unhappy, Jon Pertwee has bothered me, but the end surprised me a bit and Ingrid Pitt was great as always, yet it's just boring and it was done before many times, plus where was the creativity ?. Grade D <br /> <br /> Direction is great! Peter Duffell does a great job here with great work on the room, extraordinary angles, adding a creepy atmosphere and taking the movie at a very fast pace! John Bryans is great here as a narrator, he had some wonderful lines, I just wanted to have more time on the screen. John Bennett is very good as a Det., And it was pretty intense, he was especially good at the end!, I liked it a lot. Denholm Elliott is excellent as Charles, he was vulnerable, he showed fear, it was very pleasant, and I loved his facial expressions, he shook! Joanna Dunham is amazingly wonderful, and she did wonderful with what she had to do as the wife, she also had a great chemistry with Denholm Elliott! Tom Adams is incredibly creepy as Dominic, he was scary and did the job very well! Peter Cushing is amazing as always, and is amazing here, is pleasant, focused, charming, and as always has a ton of class! (Cushing Rules !!). Joss Ackland is fantastic as always, and he looked so young here, I barely recognized him, his accent was not so thick, and played a different role I loved it! (Ackland Rules). Wolfe Morris is creepy here and did what she had to do well. Christopher Lee is amazing as always and is amazing here, he is incredibly intense, highly focused and, as always, had that extraordinary face-to-face look, was particularly amazing at the end! (Rules Lee !!). Chloe Franks is adorable as the daughter, she is somewhat creepy, and gave one of the best child shows I've ever seen! I loved it. Nyree Dawn Porter is beautiful and was great as a babysitter, I liked her lots! Jon Pertwee annoyed me here, he was pretty bland, and completely unhappy, he did not have any chemistry with Ingrid Pitt! Ingrid Pitt is beautiful and makes her the usual vampire and she does it well! <br /> <br /> The rest of the distribution is doing well. You generally have to see! **** of 5
