If you want to know something about the Spanish Civil War and about all the political and intrigue details, let me tell you that you chose the wrong film. This is a vision of the war, as it happened in Mallorca, a small island off the coast of Spain. When such a war happens in a small island that takes the position of the traitor almost once, there is no outward war. The soldiers are sent to the front to fight on the continent, while another kind of war happens at home on the small island. There, neighbors say about other neighbors, sometimes because their political opinions are against the new regime, but many people are told because of old family struggles or maybe the silent introvert who has no friends is told by someone who wants to "win a few points." And these things do not happen outdoors. There have been some attempts, really, but often people would only wake up in the middle of the night, get out of their homes in the nearest cemetery where they will be killed. The following morning the organisms and people would have an idea of ​​what happened, but no one would dare to speak or do anything. We're not talking about the soldiers who kill someone they never saw in their lives. We are talking about people who kill their neighbors and perhaps say hello to their widow the next day and even attending the funeral for the guy they killed. We talk about villages with a thousand or two thousand inhabitants, where everyone knew everybody. I'm from that little island and I hear the stories my grandparents said, and I have to say that this movie upset me, oh yes, it did; but it also seemed remarkably beautiful and moving. Initial violence is not something the director or writer did, so things happened during the war. A kid knowing that his father is in the fascist team that killed his father? Completely possible. Everything that happened later? And possible. TB was real. At that time, my island was not the holiday resort it became. People were poor, illiterate and were working in small farms. After the war there were times of trouble. So you will not find a war story in this movie, or at least not the war story that you expect. There are no battlefields, neither soldiers nor political intrigues. This is the worst war that happens when space is limited (just check the size of the island) when neighbors struggle with neighbors when members of the same family struggle with each other and live in a place where everyone knows all. You will find a story about the damage that this type of war can cause to people and the story of how the damage survives, or maybe they do not. I have to mention the excellent work done by the writers who adapted the novel and all the actors who managed to really call Mallorca. It was remarkable.
