(SPOILS included) This movie is definitely the best Amicus production we've ever seen (even though I still have a lot to check out). The house that demolished blood is a horror-omnibus anthology, containing four strange stories involving tenants of a vicious and ugly house in the British countryside. A common mistake in such productions is the loss of too much energy on the story surrounding the separate story? Peter Duffel's wise film does not pay too much attention to this. It simply deals with a Scotland Yard inspector who comes to the house to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant and thus learns about the bizarre events that have taken place before. All four stories in this film are of high quality and together they are perfectly healthy. Great expectations are allowed for this movie because it was written entirely by Robert Bloch! Yes, the same Bloch who wrote the novel that led to horror horror "Psycho" ?? We also miss the solid and professional debut of Peter Duffel as a director. <br /> <br /> The four stories? chapters if you want? in the House, that Dripped Blood contains a good diversity in subjects, but they are (almost) as cold and misleading. Number one deals with a horror writer who comes home with his wife to find inspiration for his new book. This starts very well, but after a short time, haunted and watched by the villain of his own imagination. The idea in this story is not exactly original, but it is very suspensive, and the climax is quite surprising. The second story of the star (Hammer), the legendary horror Peter Cushing as a retired scholar broker. Still haunted by the image of an unsuccessful and lost love for a long time, it hits a wax statue that looks exactly like her. Cushing is a joy to notice as always and? even if the theme of Wax Museums is not new? this story is generally fresh and innovative. This chapter also contains some moments of delightful shock and a constant atmosphere. It's an extraordinary warm-up for what is probably the best story: number 3. Another legendary actor in this respect, as Christopher Lee gives an impeccable interpretation of a terrible father. She is very severe and strict about her young daughter and keeps her in isolation for the outside world. Not without reason, since the little girl shows a bizarre fascination for witchcraft and voodoo. In addition to playing with Lee and Chloe Franks's remarkable performance as a scary child, this story also has an incredible Gothic atmosphere! The diabolical subtleties of this story, along with thundering sounds of thunder, make this story a must for fans of authentic horrors. The fourth and final story, in which a horror actor is controlled by the vampire cloak he wears, is a little weaker than others when it comes to tension and credibility, but the overwork of subtle humor compensates more or less. There is even a little parody in this story, as the protagonist refers to co-star Christopher Lee of the Dracula series! The most memorable item in this last chapter is the presence of the incredible Ingrid Pitt! The Queen's Cult of 'The Lovers of Vampire' is definitely one of the most important moments in her film, particularly in her cleavage. <br /> <br /> No doubt about that? The house that Dripped Blood will be much appreciated by classical horror fans. I really believe that, with little preparation to resolve the dispositions, this could actually be one of the few movies that will scare you and leave a big impression. A smart and persuasive horror like this should be! Highly recommended. An extra remark, though: this movie can not repeat CAN NOT NEVER be confused with "The Dorm That Dripped Blood". The latter is an underground, very irritating and stupid siren, which has nothing in common with this movie, except for the title he stole.
