"The house that shed blood" is one of the best anthology films of the time. <br /> <br /> ** SPOILERE ** Following a missing film star, Inspector Holloway, (John Bennett) notes that the last reported reported was in a large mansion in the countryside . During the house search, four different stories were told about the past residents of the house. The Good Story: Killing Method - Moving into the mysterious mansion to get a quiet and quiet while Charles weighs his last masterpiece, horror writer Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott) and his wife, Alice (Joanna Dunham), are delighted by the story that focuses around a serial sniper named Dominic. After a series of strange accidents and strange experiences in the house, Charles begins to believe that my creation has come to life and haunts him and his wife. Probably one of the best recordings in the movie, it's easily the weirdest. The atmosphere here is what distinguishes it. The fictional scenes are truly horrifying, the mystery that surrounds him is truly effective and there is always a scary classic moment. The classic moment is killing in the psychiatrist's office, which is a moment of utmost fear. Encouraging him, with the sound of crunching, quick flashes of a mysterious being, and thunder and lightning behind the ground work well for his favor. Sweet Sweet-Moving into a new home, widow John Reid (Christopher Lee) hires his former teacher, Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter) for his father, Jane (Chloe Franks), while he's gone into business. Ann slowly begins to discover a dark secret from Jane's past, which John vehemently denies. When he finds the true nature of what has happened, he is more shocking than what he might think possible. With the weirdest planet and the biggest twist of stories, this is quite a pleasant entry. The family's mystery is marvelously played, with small amounts of clues piled here and there, and the final revelation is simply nervous. Only that part is the main reason Lee works and does not hurt him. Bad Story: Wax-Tortured by the memories of his lost love, Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) and his friend Neville Rogers (Joss Ackland) become in love with a woman's statue in a wax museum while the statue takes over her life, discover a shocking secret about the museum that haunts them both. There is an intelligent premise here and offers an excuse to spend time in a wax museum, which is always creepy. This is not an exception, and it looks great, which is helped by fluorescent lighting on sculptures. A dream sequence offers a wonderful moment of suspense, but what ultimately kills is the slow pace. It takes a long time for events to take place and, most of the time, they are spent on exposure. It also builds up to the end of shock that can be seen coming from a mile away. The least you lower this thing. If the twist was changed, it would have marked more, the rest is acceptable. Actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) horror horror film, angry with the lack of realism on his new movie set, goes out and buys a new vampire cloak from a specialist store. Mantaua soon turns him into a vampire, going crazy on stage with Carla (Ingrid Pitt) and other vampire acts at home. Innocent that the mantle is the cause, he does everything he can to prove he is only in his imagination. It has a fairly decent premise, and there are plenty of opportunities for some decent fears, but what sinks are several factors. First, it's too bad for it to be good. The return of the plot at the end is a perfect example, which is so overburdened that it is not even a shock at all and just happens as a fool. There are so few scary scenes or scary attempts that it is just a prey to be able to stay. It's the weakest of the movie. The Final Verdict: A fairly decent omnibus film, there are some small issues scattered through each of the stories that make this film a less perfect but still extremely visible film. Highly recommended for those in similar films then, or who enjoy British horror movies. Rating PG-13: Violence
