The British production company Amicus is generally known as the horror anthology specialist, and this omnibus called "The House that Scribed Blood" is undoubtedly the best Amicus production we have seen so far (often, still see, though). The "house that dropped blood" consists of four charming stories of ghosts, all located in the same charming mansion. These four stories are brought to you in a wonderful Gothic atmosphere and with one of the most beautiful imaging ensembles. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my most favorite actors), as well as Denholm Elliott and director Ingrid Pitt in this movie - so real fans of horror could lose their desire? Nobody, of course, and the film has much more to offer than a big deal. "The House that Broke the Blood" is spinning around a rustic mansion in which strange things happen. In four parts, the film tells the stories of four different heirs. The first story, Method For Murder, tells the story of horror writer Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott), who moves home with his wife. After moving, the writer feels suddenly haunted by a maniac of his own creation ... The first segment is a great success for the film. In the second story, "Waxworks", retired businessman Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) moves home and suddenly feels like a mysterious wax museum in the nearby city ... Great Peter Cushing again offers sublime performance in this sense, and the rest of the shows are also very good. The story is strangely strange, and the second best of the film, after the third. The third story, "Sweets To The Sweet" is by far the brightest and brightest of the four. John Reed (Christopher Lee) moves with his young daughter. The private professor and Mrs. Norton, whom Mr. Reed has hired to teach his daughter, is appalled by the employer's strictness towards his daughter and wishes to find out why the overprotective parents may have ... the best segment keeps a very creepy atmosphere and a really scary plot. Christopher Lee is, as always, gorgeous in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is also very good as a nurse, and my special praise goes to 11 years, Chloe Franks. This ingenious segment makes the movie a must-see for every true fan of horror. In the fourth segment, horror actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) moves into the house with his sexy / co-carla (Ingrid Pitt) mistress. This fourth story is satire, more than it is actually Horror. But it is a very funny satire and there are many hints in other horror movies. At one point, Henderson indirectly refers to Christopher Lee, who plays in the previous segment, the third ... All four segments have a wonderful sense of humorous humor and a wonderful atmosphere. As mentioned above, the third segment is by far the most frequent and the largest, but the other three are also stories of horrific atmospheres and often macabre, which every horror lover must appreciate. A hygienic atmosphere, a humorous sense of humor, an authentic erection, and a brilliant cast make this a necessity. In short: "The house that shed blood" is an excellent omnibus of horror that no British Horror lover can afford to lose. Highly recommended!
