Yes, this is a horror anthology movie and it was a lot of fun! That's because, although the movie was clearly a horror, some of the stories had a light spirit - and there were even occasionally some laughs. This is not a bad thing at all, because horror films are sometimes too clogged and too serious. That's why, and because all four stories were pretty good, it's one of the best movies I've ever seen. The unifying theme linking each story is the house itself. Four different stories involve people renting the house or investigating what happened to the tenants. The first segment played Denholm Elliott as a horror writer who has the writer's block. So, for a change of landscape, they rented this house. Almost immediately, Elliott's block disappears and constantly works on a story about a serial killer. Amazingly, as soon as his block disappears, he actually begins to see his fictitious character! Again and again, the psychotic killer appears and then disappears - making him seem to lose his mind. This could only be the best of stories, because the beautiful twist end makes the story alive. <br /> <br /> The second, while not bad, is probably the weakest. Peter Cushing is playing a burger lurking for a girlfriend who died a while ago (though her image looked amazingly contemporary). When he enters a room of a horrible wax museum in the city, he sees a wax figure that reminds him of the lost lady and is so fascinated and scared of it. Later, a friend (Joss Ackland) visits and he also sees the figure and is entranced by it. All this leads to an end which, frankly, was a little letdown. Christopher Lee then stars as an incredibly tough and severe father to a pathetic little girl. For most of this segment, Lee seemed an idiot, but eventually you can understand his behavior. Although slow, it ended very well. The fourth segment was the most powerful and was meant to parody the genre. Jon Pertwee (the third "Doctor" on the TV series DR WHO) is a very temperament actor known for Dracula's portrait. However, nothing is right about the film, according to him and in a form of pique, he stomps off the set to better find props for this vampire movie. In fact, it is quite interesting to have played this role, because it seemed natural to Christopher Lee, who played Dracula or other vampires a basilion period (give or take a few). I liked Pertwee's line when he said in essence that Lee's incarnations and other recent Dracula's were totally bad compared to Bela Lugosi! Perhaps this is why Lee did not take this part! Despite some very stupid moments, it was very fun and fun - probably as good or better as the first segment. Since the movie started and ended so well, she had an excellent acting and wrote, it's hard not to like this movie.
