I admit that I was biased when I revisited it because it was my introduction in series. I saw this movie for the first time in ~ 2005 on late night "Fear Friday" on AMC, which often removes obscure stones like this from refrigerated warehouses for the new generations. I made a point to track the whole series of Amicus anthologies before reviewing any of them here to make sure I have a perspective. Looking back, I still appreciate the house that got rid of my blood as my favorite, followed closely by Tales From The Crypt and then the asylum. I think all the elements that make this charming series - vintage Cinematography in the '60s / 70s, scary and frightening films, and the absolute British music of the back - have gathered better here than any other on the whole. The film centers around a very old old English house and the misfortune that faces all that lives in. The first story involves a horror writer and his wife who moved to this retired place to get a break from the city so he can concentrate on his passion. He creates a killer character called Dominic and soon begins to face great difficulty in telling the reality of fiction. There is a subtle physique through the torment we found funny but creepy. Oh, and those horrible horrible teeth (then again they are British actors, maybe they were REAL !!!) The second story is the story of an old man alone (Peter Cushing) who moved here to escape his loneliness, but he it only worsens while it is haunted by lost love. He seems to have found a possible salvation at a local (very creepy) museum of wax, but it seems he would have been much better alone ... The third story includes the great Christopher Lee (fav British horror actor), as a single father, with a pretty distraught and terrifying daughter. He is always cautious to enter into things that she should not ... like witchcraft! He has a natural talent for that, with good reason. Lee is gorgeous here as a cold ice discipline, that man has a real talent to play characters that are absolutely devoid of heat! But in spite of his best efforts, the little distractor actually learns banned knowledge and follows evil things ... This final story is the story of a veteran cynical veteran who feels the young director he works with, is not qualified to capture a movie the right vampire, especially the quality of the costumes and especially the cloak. So he goes to an old curiosity store in the middle of a night of fog to get something "more authentic." Few know he has taken a really authentic cloak of vampires! Putting it at midnight has quite visible effects. Until I came to this fourth and final story, it was after 3 o'clock in the morning and I could not stay awake at the first attempt (not from boredom). But I have experienced something that I have hundreds of times, a strange soldering experience I have with movies or music when I go to sleep and out and the movie / music becomes part of my dream! Big fun!! This bizarre story was perfect for that, and it seemed more scary for the first time than it really was because I woke up even when she was levitated by the power of her jacket and could not quite understand what was going on in the beginning. Not long after, the lovely Ingrid Pitt, a costume on her set of films, came to visit her and warned her not to put the mantle midnight - but she did not have to be disturbed because she was a real vampire herself . The jarring keyboards that followed as they were flying toward him on the ladder was simply hysterical! And again in my half-sleeping condition seemed quite confusing! Side Note: Make sure you pinch Lee and Pitt along with the amazing star Amicus Britt Ekland in the classic movie The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The weakest link was the interwoven commentary between stories, but based on the stories itself, this is a classic! Objective, I would say the third story is the best, but I like the 4th because it makes me smile so much. Highly recommended to horror fans and if you are a British horror fan, it's a must! I would say it's worth seeing the series in chronological order if you can. The latest movie in this series, Monster Club (1980) is certainly the weakest. I think the first 3-4 movies, except the sometimes mediocre Torture Garden (1967), are the best, but if you like any of them, you should watch them all at least once. You'll probably come back several times to look at your favorites.
