Featuring some of Hammer's stars, this extremely successful piece of British horror revolves around a house and wife of the previous tenants, whose stories are all told to a Scottish detective in search of a missing actor. <br /> <br /> The story number one, which is probably the least impressive of the four, deals with a writer and his wife, who have just moved into the house and intend to stay for only a short period of time, so that he can write one of the Roman horror. He creates a demented character named Dominic, who is a scary strangler and soon wakes up as he begins to see this man looking at him wherever he goes. After his wife persuades him to seek psychiatric help, a sub-plot is introduced which, frankly, did not really work for me. I will not hurt her for you. The following story (best in my opinion) portrays the wonderful Peter Cushing as Philip Grayson, a man who moved to his home for years of retirement, and soon the road to a nearby wax museum (dealing with macabre ) where she is very surprised to find a wax figure that looks exactly like a woman in her past. Soon after, an old friend (who also has a history with this woman) is in town for business and painting to see him. The two men are in a bad state of awakening because they soon discover that the woman has more than just an eyeball encounter. The three-star story is one of my favorites ... Christopher Lee, who plays John Reid. After moving into the house with her special daughter, Jane, the nurse he hires, becomes suspicious of Reid's suppression of his daughter. Well, they come to find out ... if he knew what Lee did, he would certainly understand. The final story is a bold vampire story that sees John Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt. After buying a cloak from a mysterious merchant, actor Paul Henderson wakes up transforming himself into the very creature that has been portrayed several times in his career. Overall, the rhythm and direction were very good, of the performances. There were beautiful Gothic touches here and there and an effective score to fill the atmosphere. This is a goalkeeper, and is highly recommended.
