Correlation story: watch another first time for me and, again, this is one of the most popular Amicus anthologies - and it is easy to understand why, although I realize how much the title of a rather meaningless movie could be misleading for some; I certainly imagined the choice of director Peter Duffell - Death and Virgo (which, incidentally, is a classic piece of Schubert, which is heard in the film during the episode Peter Cushing) - much more. Although the connecting device is not that great, the episodes are just as convincing and enjoyable. Production values ​​are very respectable for Duffell's budget. The latter infuses the film with a great style that is not so common with this type of film and, frankly, regrets that he wanted to distance himself from the genre (though the more not to be the typecast rather than because he felt he was under it) now the individual stories themselves. <br /> <br /> "Crime Method": The opening segment does not offer any real surprises, but to do so, it is in suspense and somewhat creepy, sometimes frightening (Tom Adams' fictitious character, showing like the long-lost brother of Boris Karloff from THE OLD DARK HOUSE [1932]); also ends with a satisfactory DIABOLIQUE turn and has a rather strong role for Denholm Elliott. That's all we need, really Waxworks. For the second story we are introduced into a curious romantic mood, which is quite unusual for this type of foil; Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland are both excellent (and impeccably dressed) in their roles as two loving lovers of a woman who continue to notice them even after such a long period and whose friendly rivalry can only lead them blindly and inexorable to fate that is even worse than death; a scene of menacing hallucination with Peter Cushing is quite well done, given the limited resources available to him, and Ackland's inexplicable inability - or lack of will - to leave the city usually reminds aristocrats captured by the house (1962)> Sweet Sweet: This is probably the best episode of all - with its ambiguous role here, Christopher Lee continues to demonstrate versatility and is accompanied by an understanding of Nyree Dawn Porter and the deceptive innocence of Chloe Franks (who appears as Lee's daughter). The treatment of the occult film here is both subtle and mature, culminating in a powerful and extremely refreshing "curtain". Trivia Note: Chloe Franks appears as an adult in the piece on the disc and when I saw her, I felt an immediate familiarity with my face, but I did not put my finger. Later, when I read his film, it was revealed to me that he played one of the best stars in the adaptation on the long stage of the "The Mousetrap" by Agatha Christie in the West End of London, which my brother and with me we were lucky enough to be there on holiday in the summer of 2002! Needless to say, I had no idea then that she once created such a delicate - and delicious - portrayal of pure evil, mainly because of her weird look and a devilish smile !! <br /> <br /> "Mantacul": a strange but strange vampire story (which still manages to untie many of the myths attached to the subgenre while they invent some new ones) that take some wonderful digs at cinema and , at one point, Christopher Lee himself! Jon Pertwee is awesome as a campy horror star, who receives more than he was negotiated when trying to bring a measure of authenticity to his work; Ingrid Pitt sends her wonderful image, although her role is somewhat filial to the process; Geoffrey Bayldon (made to look like Ernest Thesiger) also has a somewhat memorable strange; the "silent-cinema" style of the end was a bold one to shoot on an audience, I think, and while some of the humor breaks away as if it were a "THE KILLERS OF THE VAMPIRE FEARLESS" (1967 ) or THEATER OF BLOOD (1973) is also more infectious and certainly slows the movie on a high (and extremely unusual) note! <br /> <br /> The video and audio quality is relatively satisfactory, as I did not have another version to compare it; the main culprit is a significant deterioration in print, but this is never so bad as to affect the joy of the film. As for the excerpts, starting with the Audio Comment: frankly, this is one of the best discussions about a genre that I remember listening to; Jonathan Rigby gets much more than he usually is for a moderator, but his effort allows director Peter Duffell to touch every aspect of production (while with other films, wait longer than that!) And, as such, is an extremely pleasant piece that complements the very nice main feature indeed. The film "Horror Film" is a deserved effort with Peter Duffell again in the center of the scene, but this time supported with valuable, even very short contributions by producer Max J. Rosenberg and Chloe Franks, Ingrid Pitt and Geoffrey Bayldon. We also get film, bios, and bios, and a poster / gallery of photos that are once again awesome together (with contemporary reviews being something new - and a welcome one).
