From the mind of Robert Bloch, from "Psycho" fame, four stories of terror come in this Amicus anthology film, which, although not as fun or scary as I would have liked. It is related to the story of a highly skeptical detective Scotland Yard (John Bennett) investigating the disappearance of a prominent actor; he was informed that this case is related to a few others of the house in which all took place, and our film is underway. The "Method for Crime" has the author Charles Hillyer (always delightful Denholm Elliott) haunted by his latest fictional creation, which appeared apparently. This sequence has some surreal moments and quite suspense and is covered by a rather amusing revelation and disappointment. "Waxworks" plays Peter Cushing's horror icon as a retired agent, Philip Grayson, who along with old friend Neville Rogers (Joss Ackland) becomes obsessed with the image of a beautiful woman found in a macabre wax museum. The most effective in this episode is the dream sequence, although it's great to always watch Cushing. The final images presented in this story are quite shocking. "Sweets to the Sweet" features another well-loved horror star Christopher Lee as John Reid, who does not treat Jane (Chloe Franks) loving baby moppet with too much kindness and is up to us companion / tutor Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter) to find out why. The mystery of this episode is excellently handled; movie makers do not advise their hand to be a real shock, as we receive the complete truth of this unhappy family. The "dying" moments are particularly dreadful. "Mantacul" has the clearest comedy of the four; Jon Pertwee, one of many actors acting as Dr. Who over the years, is very fun as a vain, temperamental horror movie (in fact he is the climax of this story) who, angry with the lack of quality in the latest low-budget movie, goes out and buys his own cloak. The mantle has strange powers, which I dare not reveal here. Sexy Ingrid Pitt is a welcome presence as a partner of Pertwees; a wonderful example of humor here is a known blow taken to none other than Christopher Lee! The ending story ends in a predictable but still effective manner as Detective Inspector Holloway learns that he should have taken all the warnings he was given more seriously. Michael Dress's unusual, striking and strange scores, "The House That Dripped Blood," are a fun mix of stories; While I do not like as much as, for example, "Tales from the Crypt," it's still a good fun. Typically directed by Peter Duffell, he moves slowly but surely to each of his charming conclusions and is certainly a good film of his kind.
