THE HOUSE TO BE ANSWERED is the third of a series of seven Amicus horror anthologies. If MONSTER CLUB is included as part of the series, this would make eight films. Although the film is very different from the others. I look at the Amicus anthologies with wonderful memories, as I loved them when I was adolescent. My feelings for them today are just as strong. I spent many years trying to watch this movie. The synopsis of stories was so appealing that we went to pay a considerable sum for it, when we finally found a copy. How big the movie is, I felt a sense of disappointment when I finally saw it. It was not as good as I was. While he is better than the two predecessors, he is by no means as good as the four successors I will prove. The connection sees John Bennett as a police inspector pursuing a missing person living in an old mysterious house. His trip begins at the local police station where he teaches the previous occupation stories. The related story later sees him visiting the real estate agent who sold the house. While this story seems to be appealing on paper, it is full and unfulfilled in practice and slightly weaker in any Amicus anthology. I could not realize that John Bennett is the version of a poor man of Donald Pleasance or Ian Hendry. Rather I would have seen one of the two actors mentioned above in his role. We could have both here - one as a police inspector and the other as a real estate agent. They could, and I think, would have brought this weak element of the movie to life much better. The film contains four stories, each of which focuses on a resident of the house. <br /> <br /> The first story sees Denholm Elliott as a writer of crime stories. He is absorbed in an interesting story about a strangler, even goes up to sketch a sketch to help him write. Soon after, he begins to see visions of his creation. Some excellent directions by Peter Duffell, especially with the choice of room angles, help to lower the retained script. Elliott's performance is superb as the tormented writer and also helps raise the story. The story ends with a semi-twist, but we could not help to get the sense of a scenario that did not allow it to rise to its potential. The second story sees Peter Cushing moving to the house. He is a lonely man who still wants a beautiful young woman who once gave it to him and keeps an image of it. Cushing's performance brings this exciting story to life. He is helped by a director who chooses to include a continuous emphasis on Cushing's loneliness. This is still taken with a wonderful hallucination scene that helps us to see in Cushing's mind. Anyway, Cushing sees a figure at a wax museum nearby that looks just like his face. Of course, his obsession increases, but this seemingly romantic story has a disturbing turn at the end. Joss Ackland plays Cushing's rival, but his performance is massively shaded by great sea Peter Cushing. The third story, and with the best of all, sees Christopher Lee - my favorite actor of all time - to move home with his daughter. Mister. Lee gives you one perfect ice performance here. He does not show love or attention at all for his daughter. He even brings a school governor to educate him. The governor, played by Nyree Dawn Porter in another great performance, is trying to find out what's wrong. Without giving too much, I can tell you that witchcraft plays a role. Christopher Lee's presence is truly electrifying in every scene they are in. Chloe Franks deserves a special recognition for her undervalued massive performance, like the little girl who is easily the strangest person in the whole movie. The movie is worth seeing for the sake of just seeing this story. The final story is played almost entirely for laugh, but it's definitely fun and it matters. Jon Pertwee plays a horror movie actor who moves home. He is very dissatisfied with the approach that producers take in movies, seeing everything as cheap and fake, especially costumes. So he decides to buy an authentic cloak for his vampire role. Geoffrey Bayldon has an excellent cameo as a dealer who sells Pertwee an old cloak. When Pertwee puts his mantle, he begins to develop his fingers and basically turns into a vampire. Pertwee's performance must be seen to be believed. It's really hilarious. Ingrid Pitt is also in this story, but her talent is wasted in a role that ought to have been much greater. The story of the connection ends with a loose connection to the final story. This is particularly appropriate because the inspector is looking for Pertwee and, of course, decides to visit the house. The rest will be able to work for you. So weak is the story, it has a decent end, if not unintentionally comical. I am convinced that blame for the shortcomings in what should have been a truly magnificent film is not a liar with Peter Duffell, the director, who really does what is best with what he has. I think the script was too narrow and lacking the ambition that can be found in the four films later. Generally, the house that broke the blood despite its flaws is a must-see for fans of Amicus Antologues, fans of other Amicus movies or fans of horror portmanteau. If my abstract gives the film enough appeal in your eyes, check it out. You will enjoy it!
