Four stories of terror on events in a creepy old mansion are reported to skeptical investigator Scotland Yard Holloway (John Bennett), while he investigates the location of the last occupant of the blood dropping house. just struggle to find the words to describe the real glow that is "the house that has dropped blood". This horror anthology of the seventies is quite remarkable in the way such a visible innocuous film is capable of inducing horror even for the most demanding of the spectators. Incredibly, the number of representations of violence on the screen can be calculated on the one hand, but the film is still capable of portraying brutality and manages to conjure up the most horrible images in the spectators' own imagination, while refraining from going obviously of graphic violence. In a rare feature of horror in the seventies, the film's techniques are virtually flawless, from the performance-poor distribution performance (with the legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) to the superb direction and story courtesy of Peter Duffell and the Master the macabre writer Robert Bloch (author of the novel "Psycho"). The only real complaints they might have with the "House that Scribed the Blood" are somewhat of the plot-overturning at the end of the first two segments and the predictable end of the picture, but even these minor details fail to drop from viewing Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), a horror writer who rents the creepy house while working on his latest novel. While working on the novel, Hillyer continues to see the killer character of his story around the house and soon begins to cast doubt on the difference between fiction and reality. Elliott's performance in this play is truly exceptional, and his character has a surprising credibility. The key to this segment, as for others, is the mystery surrounding the events that take place. The viewer is questioned whether the look of Dominic's murderous character is just a hallucination, a schizophrenic disorder, or whether the character is actually there. Duffell's direction succeeds in creating an unsettled atmosphere, combined with a slow, methodical approach, to generate tension and suspense to make the segment very enthusiastic. The next segment presents Peter Cushing as the new occupant of the sinister house. During a city trip, he encounters a horror horror museum and decides to venture. While he's there, he discovers a beautiful woman's wax model that seems too familiar with him. The character of Cushing (Philip) is then joined by his friend, Neville (Joss Ackland), who also wants to visit the museum, much to Philip's despair. In this segment, the viewer is given only very subtle clues about the mystery of the woman's wax, but in general the viewer is left in the dark. There is much less tension for this story, but the segment still manages to maintain its mystery air through a particularly serious dream sequence and the general ambiguity of the story. Duffell's directories are once again exceptional, and while this is probably the poorest of the four stories, there is no doubt that Waxworks is still a delightful entry into the movie through a creative direction and credible action. /> "Waxworks" is followed by what is, in my opinion, the largest of the four segments? "Sweets to the Sweet". Christopher Lee plays the role of John Reid, the father of a young woman who has an unexplained fear of fire for the first time, which is soon remedied by caregiver Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). However, John seems to have a dark secret about the family. "Sweets to the Sweet" is easily the most sober and complicated of the four stories, and that's why the segment is unquestionably convincing for the spectator. Along the segment, small and subtle clues about the truth behind the family are discovered, but until the final scene is extremely horrible, everything fits perfectly. This is the best example of how Duffell used dramatic tension and suspense to create the pretentious atmosphere that made the big movie whole. Accompanied by a wonderful soundtrack, "Sweets to the Sweet" is a sustained exercise that attracts the throat spectator and refuses to give up until the agonizing screams that end this play cease. Personally, I think this short segment would have made a fun and haunting movie and I would give this segment a very low 10/10. The film ends with the story of the artist who disappeared, the investigator was initially interested. Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt play the role of two performers currently working on a horror movie. Pertwee's character is disgusted by amateur film production and props, and hence he buys his own vampire cloak in a strange mystery shop. However, weird things start to happen when wearing a cloak and soon start to worry about the worst. This segment, which places the inspector among the events, is a great way to conclude a wonderful anthology. Although there is an undeniable air of the camp on this segment, it is, in a way, what makes the story so enjoyable. Unfortunately, there are few elements in this segment that could be classified as frightening in any sense, and the foreseeable conclusion could have been better executed, but the segment still has its redemptive features. Horror buffs should take care of Pertwee's short commentary on Dracula's portrayal of Bela Lugosi and Christopher Lee. This easy-to-comic and open-hearted approach to the final segment is essentially an appropriate and almost natural way to end the image, even if it drops the film compared to previous suspense-induced horror examples. <br /> <br /> To summarize, "House That Dripped Blood" is one of the greatest anthologies of horror that has an incredible distribution, extraordinary stories and above. There are certainly many ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life and while the fans of the blood and mouth will be very disappointed, the more strained horror fans should enjoy this huge movie. My rating for the "house that shed blood"? 8/10.
