Horror omnibus movies were popular in the seventies. I do not like them very much, but this is an invaluable excellent slice of British horror cinema. House That Dripped Blood is a horror omnibus, featuring four stories surrounding an old creepy house in the country and being sent to a Scotland Yard officer by a real estate agent. This movie is called by three well-known stars of horror cinema; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, whom horror fans will recognize as one of Lee's co-stars in Britain's greatest horror film of all time; The Wicker Man. The first segment of the film, entitled "Method For Murder," tells the story of a horror storyteller whose creation; a strangler named "Dominic" is brought to life by his own imagination. This story builds suspense very well; through his girlfriend he, and the audience is led to believe that what he sees is a fantasy of his imagination. This story is certainly not very original, but it compensates for the lack of originality through the atmosphere it creates and is the last twist; which works incredibly well and came as a real surprise. The second story, entitled "The Wax", sees Peter Cushing and is the least favorite of the four. This story follows the story of Phillip Grayson (Cushing), a man who discovers a wax museum and decides to venture. Inside, he discovers a woman who is familiar to her and whom I later found out to be a murderer. Only the relationship between woman and Phillip is never explained, but the story relies more on the mystery of building suspense than detailing details. Cushing is later joined by his friend Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland) and then the story begins to rise. Establishing a murderous wax museum for a horror movie is not a new idea; the same decoration was used with great effect in the 1966 horror film, "The Chamber of Horrors". Although the one here is not as grandiose as the one in the above-mentioned film, the power of the decoration is used to produce no horrific effect, many of them being made by a sense of claustrophobia brought by the limited area of ​​the museum. Peter Cushing is always interesting to watch, and seeing him to avoid a crazy madman is a horror fan treatment. Despite being the least favorite, this story is still interesting and interesting to keep this anthology down. The film continues with "Sweets for the Sweet", which is undoubtedly the best omnibus. This story portrays the legendary Christopher Lee as an apparently overprotective father. The beauty of this story comes from how it is played. Let the audience guess; we know there is something wrong with his father or daughter, but we do not know who or what he is. Christopher Lee, as usual, portrays his character with a great degree of sinister; the audience is allowed to tremble over its actions regarding the granting of a daughter's doll and the fact that it is not allowed to go to school or have toys. The exact card is kept close to the chest, almost to the end, represented by the really cool line in which Lee tells the child he is actually afraid of his daughter. The end of this section is excellent played, in my opinion, is one of the best tips for any horror story ever said, and will stay with you long after the end of the roll credits. Omnibus finishes with "The Cover", which is definitely the most comedic of the four. This story is about a horror film star that, unpressed by the technical side of the latest film, comes out and buys a cloak. Naturally, this cloak proves to be a true vampire cloak. Unlike the other three stories, this seems to be especially playful for laughs. This is not a bad thing, however, because most humor is fun and serves as a nice contrast to the rest of the movie. The end of this story coincides nicely with the end of the movie, which is very sinister but humorous, ending with a very good film. Also, look a little jibe about Christopher Lee in Dracula. A nice idea, I think. Generally, if you want an omnibus of horror, you can not really go wrong with the House that has demolished the blood. The third story alone makes the film worthy of your time and this is really a very solid horror movie.
