After seeing Peter O'Toole's version recently, I was about to be dizzy with the intelligent writing in this version. A little time is spent on fighting, which I prefer. Instead, we are shown all the reasons underlying the two French and English languages ​​(which were held in Normandy) by politicians and priests who killed her. Even the worst hypocrite of them, the archbishop, thinks that "Of course she was innocent, the innocent had always suffered for the ambitions of the strong, had no idea what she said, no idea of ​​the implications of blasphemy or to go to church. "In the absence of school, she had no idea what the church was experiencing about such things." <br /> <br /> Preminger was true about the myths surrounding her death and I appreciated the tape preview that showed that the flame rises and burns it. Why? They used gas jets in the film and 2 of them were stopped. Suddenly, the air pressure blew off and the flames slid right over her. Fortunately for her, they did not have to repeat the shot because it was so realistic: it would have been burned! Pretty traumatic presentation for an Iowa girl for her new career to act. John Gielgud played remarkably. He is the English politician who orchestrates the show. He also points out that, once you condemn someone to death, you do not want to be around to see how they die. You may be withdrawing from the "duty" next time ... not that such delicacies are disturbing the soul of our future president. We, Christians, even the most anti-Semitic, have no problem to fall back into the Old Testament when it comes to capital punishment, although it has been overwritten by the words of Jesus. Bring public executions like this little girl. The smell of burned flesh could make us respectable in our souls. "The only" little "I have about this film is that it does not show us why the priest who has so deeply exhorted it gets so suddenly so far, to the point of madness. there is more expansion of his character, more dialogue - because "suddenly" in his sense "does not make sense. And if Graham Greene does this deliberately or not, St. Joan is such a self-sustaining, almost, but not enough, you are glad to meet her. And when he refused to live in prison for some reason I thought about Anne Sexton, the poet who accused Sylvia Plath of "the theft of his death" when he committed suicide ... knowing that such action guarantees immortality. You have to ask yourself! If there was a good example of obsessive thoughts and logically tight compartments, this is one. St. Joan would have had to return to the Buddhist and calm the "voices in her mind."
