Preminger's adaptation to G. B. Shaw's "Saint Joan" (Graham Greene's Screenplay) was one of the most serious critical reactions in his day. He was vilified by the pseudo-elite, the purists and the audience did not respond to a movie that did not have the piety and the glamor awaiting a historic contest. As in Peeping Tom, the reaction was mischievous and unjustified. Preminger's adaptation of Shaw's intellectual exploration of the effects and actions surrounding Joan of Arc (her own name in her own language is Jeanne d'Arc, but this film is in English) is totally true to the spirit of the original piece, not only literally but also officially. His film is a brechtian examination of the functioning of the institutions, the division inside and outside the various factions, all wanting to seize power. As such, we are not allowed to identify emotionally with any of the characters, including Joan himself. As Jean Seberg (whose later life offers a strange parallel to her role here), she is portrayed as innocent, a figure of purity whose actions and presence reveals corruption and nakedness all over the world. As such, Seberg interprets it as both Holy and Maduca. Her lack of experience as an actress when she made this film (which appears in places) conveys Jeanne's love and youth, revealing that Jeanne la Pucelle is a peasant peasant little girl who has come out to protect her village and natural intelligence . She never deserved the harsh criticism she received for the first release of the film, is a show far beyond Ken and the appeal of any actress for the first time without any previous acting experience. Shaw and Preminger had a secular view of the fact that Joan saw her as a medieval feminist, not happy with the fact that she was a rustic daughter who had the fate married or a slut taken by soldiers at and far from the fields of battle. Her belief, her voices, her visions mixed with words like "imagination" and "common sense" lead her to carry the armor of the other soldiers to lead them to fight to drive the invading Englishman out of France. However, it can be said that the film is more interested in Dauphin's court (Richard Widmark), the clergy's office that tries Joan led by Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, impeccably expressed) and the actions of Earl of Warwick (John Gielgud), then Joan. The gorgeous show of the ensemble (all men) shows inspirational figures, Machievellian (though the story precedes Niccolo), opportunists who treat religion as a childish toy for use and manipulation for their purposes. The sharp sardonic dialogue gives the actors a great fun to let freedom. John Gielgud, as an extremely rational president, whose intelligence (though accompanied by corruption) allows him to calculate the exact way in which he can assure Joan to burst at stake, and Pierre Cauchon, Anton Walbrook, brings a three-dimensional portrait to this clever theologian which will give Joan the fair trial that will surely find her guilty. Richard Widmark as Dauphin is a true revelation. As a casting option you'll ever find, Widmark describes the weak future of France in a frenetic and comic caricature that is as close as the comic relief. A comic interpretation that resembles an imitation of Jerry Lewis far more than a future impetuous ruler of France. Preminger shot "Saint Joan" in black and white, the cinematographer is Georges Perinal who worked with Rene Clair and who made Colonel Blimp's "Life and Death" in color. He is perfectly embraced to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere for this film. Preminger's preference to pursue uninterrupted long-lasting photos is critical to the film's efficacy; it makes no sense for any scattered motion anywhere in his stage-shootings. He also marks the direction of the largest mature Preminger (and the most neglected period), the focus is on the conflict between the individuals and the institutions in which they work, how the institution works and how the individual acts in accordance with his principles. These themes receive the most direct treatment in their film and, as always, they keep things unpredictable and find no black and white answers. This is one of his best and most effective films.
