Fräulein Doktor is as good a demonstration as any of the Western European film industry has fallen over the last 40 years. Then, at the end of the 1960s, while the big studios in Hollywood were on the ropes, Italy, France and England turned films to fill the gap left by Hollywood's decline. There were James Bond's photos (Doctor No was a surprise hit in the US, it was first released at the NYC Century Theater chain with a 99-cent-afternoon admission price), the Clint spaghetti westerns Eastwood (with A Fistful of Dollars released by a distributor who never paid a penny to Italian producers) and French murder films, usually going to art houses, with the exception of the Sicilian Clan. And there were European co-productions such as Doctor Zhivago and, of course, Fräulein Doktor. With his great budget for time and the world talent involved, Fräulein Doktor was good enough that viewers still remember fifteen years later. Kenneth More, playing a British intelligence officer, has a line in Fräulein Doktor, where he tells a spy caught talking or playing the wall game. The wall is in front of a firing team, with few chances the spy will win the game. This kind of cynical attitude played well across national borders in the Vietnam War of 1969. Steaming scenes between Suzy Kendall and Capucine probably did not affect the chances of these artists to get parts in Hollywood movies, in the process of dismantling their overseas distribution and production business. Fox would not co-produce films such as the Sicilian Clan, Colombia will not distribute films like Belmondo's The Night Caller. MGM went even further by cutting almost all of the film production by selling the theater chain in India for the value of the underground land and downloading his studio studio Borehamwood because Kerkorian robbed the studio to raise money to build his casino in the Las Vegas store gift items from the store sold memorable to MGM at sales prices, the remaining items in the auction of MGM stores). Paramount distributed Fräulein Doktor, but Charles and Bludhorn of Golf and Western, who took over the company and conserved the studio's studio board, downloaded Universal's studio library (as I remember) and even became interested in movies after production manager Robert Evans started shooting one after another. But that was in the '70s. Fräulein Doktor, with the lesbian scene, was buried with cut versions of the movie appearing on local radio stations in the 80's. Kenneth More was usually tipcast like a boy when he was older, especially in the BBC detective series Father Brown. When he was younger, as in the British film Titanic, he played the British officer as standard. In Fräulein Doktor, he had the chance to be much tougher than usual, as I remember. It would be nice to see if my memories about this movie are correct, about his role and, of course, those cavalry horses that wear gas masks and protective shirts that go into battle. That was a scene, and Alberto Lattuada showed he was a director, helping this World War I spy movie, where the money spent on production values ​​really appears on the screen.
