This Smallville special episode is probably the best episode in the air at the meeting. This is for many reasons. For example, it takes series back to some of its roots. She greets Lionel of an alleged long absence, with the Luthorcorp office in Metropolis. This room has not been in the little valley for a long time, and seeing it again brings memories from the past of the little valley. Not to mention, Lionel's conversations with Lex are always admirable. Another pleasant return is, of course, guessed, is Bart Allen (aka Impulse), AC (alias Aquaman) and Victor Stone (aka Cyborg). Not only does Steven Deknight reunite the former laws of justice but mixes them with the Smallville formula in such a unique way that it almost feels like a long film. basic story, Green Arrow forms the league, tries to blow up 33.1, Bart is captured, Clark saves him, and the plant is blown into the kingdom com. Everything is good and graceful, with a good mixture of stealth, action, rhythm and suspense . Oh, and Cyborg has some real upgrades, true to the Justice League character :). Music is probably what makes this episode work so well. If you remember correctly, the first episode of Steven Deknight was directed by Agless in Season 4. It was a mediocre episode, but something did not feel good. maybe it was the music or the actor or the fact that in the end "I did not find you, you found us", a kind of people made to lose their confidence in the formula. But fortunately, Steve Deknight was redeemed in this episode of Justice. I had a few questions about Justice that did not exceed 10. First, too much leaping out of the Justice League Explosion of the Ridge facility. I mean, it would have been much cooler if they called Green Arrow and Cyborg who took off on Oliver's bike (reminding of the episode of the arrow). Clark and Impulse would have had to run obviously, and Aquaman would have had to swim in another route. But it was very incredible cheese, it gave 2 points out of the total of 10. <br /> <br /> Second, another cheesy moment, not as bad as the first, but when Green Arrow sais "let's go to save the world. " That made me wander. Generally, judging by performance, music, direction, and production values, pros go beyond beliefs, and this is still one of the best episodes in Smallville's history and perhaps the second best episode in Season 6. <br / > <br /> 7 of 10 ...
