EL MAR is a hard, stark, brilliant, courageous, cinematic artwork. Director Agustí Villaronga, with an adaptation of Antoni Aloy and Biel Mesquida of Blai Bonet's novel, created a film that tracks the profound effects of the war on children's minds and how this exposure destroys the chaos of adult life. And, although the emphasis is on the wild tattoo of the war on children, the transfer of similar effects to soldiers and adult citizens is clear. This film becomes one of the best anti-war papers without resorting to medals: the end result has a much greater impact due to its inherent story after the children's marriage to maturity. A small group of children is presented in the Spanish civil war in Spain, threatened with interruptions and invasive slaughtering at night by citizens. Ramona (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) are witnessing the terror of the men's assassination and revenge that leads one of them to murder and suicide. These big-eyed children become adults, bearing all of the mental illnesses and the repressed trauma in their minds. Then we face the three who survive until maturity, where all are isolated in a tuberculosis sanatorium. Ramala (Roger Casamajor) survived as a male prostitute, protected by "John" Morell (Juli Mira), and has preserved her private lifestyle. Tour (Bruno Bergonzini) has become a sexually repressed man whose coverage is a commitment to Catholicism and the blur of self-mutilation / delusional crucifixion. Francisca (Antonia Torrens) has become a nun and serves patients in the sanitarium. The three have reintroduced their environment into the sanitarium and slowly each reveals the scars of their childhood experiences with war. Tour seeks Ramala's love, Ramala wants to be free from Morell, and Francisca has to cope with her own domestic needs covered by the custom of the white nun. The setting of the sanatorium provides a graphical plan in which thin between life and death, between lust and love, between devotion and destruction. To detail more would destroy the impact of the film on the individual viewer, but suffice it to say that graphic sex and complete nudity (in some of the most amazing pictures still recorded on the film) are involved and the spectator should be prepared to witness each form of imaginable brutality. For this viewer, these scenes are of great importance, and director Villaronga has to be applauded for his perseverance and courage to make this story so intense. The actors, both children and adults, are splendid: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antonia Torrens are particularly well-behaved in extremely difficult roles. Jaime Peracaula's cinematography and the haunting musical score by Javier Navarrete serve the director's vision. A tough film, but one recommended to those who are not afraid to face the horrors of the war and its consequences. In Spanish, with subtitles in English. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
