The Leslie Charteris novel about the shadows adventures of Simon Templar ("The Saint") was brought on screen in the late 1930s, with George Sanders, elderly and Templar. It was a careful choice - Sanders would usually play criminals with occasional "beautiful roles" (ffoliott in FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE, the hero of the title in THE STRANGE CASE OF UNCLE HARRY, Robert Montgomery's "best friend" in RAGE IN HEAVEN). Here his desire to bend the rules and to break a law fits briefly with his "hard character," while his good behavior and suave behavior turned the Templar into a hero as his "Boston Blackie" Chester Morris and in Moto. "<br /> <br /> The movies are not the best series of movie mysteries of the film - but they are served. Like Rathbone's Holmes series or Holland's series Chan, the show often had repeated roles or new actors (the anti-heroin in this movie was interpreted by Wendy Barrie, who will appear in a second film in the series). These sets of movies easily familiarize the series is a comfortable experience for audiences who hear the sound of dialogue (always showing Sanders's sensation of keeping one step ahead of the bad guys), without observing the obvious defects of the plot. All these mysteries have defects due to the fact that the best writers of the genre can not avoid repeating old ideas again and again. Here, the moment when it happened was when one of the distributors recognized his affection for Barrie, which he knew very much about. Shortly after trying to protect her from the police. But as the film referred to the identity of a criminal Christian, it became obvious that this person was made so noble that he deserves to be the mysterious creator (that is, the script disguises him as the least likely). <br /> <Barrie is after proving that her father (who died in jail) was framed by the real criminals in a robbery band. He has more people to help - mugs such as William Gargan - and receives advice from the brain to plan embarrassing thieves that can not be fixed on it. Yes site. who took her convicted father (Jerome Cowan) is determined to bring Barrie and her lane. The only detective who seems to have the chance to solve the case is Jonathan Hale, who shades Sanders, but works with him reluctantly. <br /> <br /> Distribution has some beautiful moments in the script - Hale (currently on a special diet) is tempted to eat a rich lobster dinner made for Sandie by Willie Best. Therefore, he has a seriously disturbed stomach, allowing Sanders and Barrie to run away from Sanders' apartment. Best I have to remind her (when she feels better) to head to a location that Sanders told her to do at one point. There is also an interesting role for Gilbert Emery. As a rule, by playing decent people (such as the beaten husband in the middle of the two worlds), he plays a socially weak role here - whose death resembles that of a character in a Bogart film. a well-made film for the second half of a cinematic film in 1939. It will have fun even if it does not stay in your memory.
