"Gespenster" Question to be cool in German cinema There are not too many German films in the last ten years that have made me so much interested. Yes, the problem of most German films is also in this film "Gespenster". He is in some places to be boiled to be good to see. Specially, Toni's (Sabine Timento) figure is too cold. But that's always the case in German films. Everyone has to learn this mess - it's realism in these movies. It's hard to understand. But in this case it makes sense because she steals and lied - she is the kind of girl you should never love, because you lose her. It's not clear for the other girl Nina in this movie. She loved her - and she would lose her. But Nina lost everything. She will play with soft emotion and a sad feeling. There is no way - but you have to take it, said Herbert Achterbusch for twenty years. It's so often as it happens in German movies. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not inside the law of society - she is out - and has no chance. These films do not try to give him a role in every place. This is one of the problems - the stupid break with conventions - the criminal fascination. Throw away everything - and do not go anywhere! But the actress plays this very interesting role. On the other side - there the parents - which are the pendant of the two girls. You have a car - a hotel suite - you have money and live in the world with music of the work. But the movie is always at a certain distance. There is not much explanation about these. At the heart of this movie, there is a scene that you will never forget. The two girls got to casting. And there she should say how they are together. In this scene, Toni will sleep. She said a fantastic story - she has nothing to do with her. And then Nina will tell the truth. He said it in a way of introversion. There is no exhibition in it. She looked at her ass and said what was going to happen here. This is a wonderful time. In the next scene of a red party party, this feeling is happening sooner than Toni leaves ... Okay, the movie will end - in the German mode of coolneß - garbage - here the circle of sadness closes. But it was a moment - where something else happens - and that moment was important. He is more than coolneß German - and these moments are rare in German cinema at this moment!
