"Gespenster" (2005), along with "Yella" (2007) and "Jerichow" (2008), is the director Gespenster's trilogy, Christian Petzold, undoubtedly one of the German creams-cream creams. Gespenster tells of a French woman whose daughter had been kidnapped as a child for three years, while her mother turned around for 1 minute in Berlin - and was never seen before. Since then, her mother has continued to travel to Berlin whenever she can, and looks, with the help of the photo exhibited over time, for girls aged about the age of her age. As I later heard in the movie, my mother was already very convinced that she found her daughter Marie. However, this time, when she meets Nina, everything is completely different. The film does not bring solutions, not even partial solutions, and this is quite disappointing. We do not even prepare to decide if the mother is really crazy or not, if her real daughter is still alive or not. What is most disappointing is the end. After what I witnessed in the film, it is an obsession for the observer that he is no longer the only one who leaves Nina alone. Simply walking, symbolizing that nothing has changed, can be a powerful effect of dramaturgy (for example, in "Umberto D."), but in "Gespenster," it is shifted. Because critics have suggested the Freudian motives in this film, let me give my own test: Why do not they know each other, especially the people that another similar person knows? This is a rather crazy question, from the point of view of Aristotelian logic, according to which the notion of an individual has. An individual is such a person who does not share any defining feature with anyone else. So the Aristotelian answer to my question is: They do not know each other, because their similarity is through pure change. Everyone who is not crazy thinks so. However, such as if these similar persons have other similarities that can not be changed hard, eg. left scarves under the ankle or a heart-shaped birth sign under the right shoulder blade? This is the metaphysical context of this film, although I'm not sure if even the director did this. Despite our modern, aristotelian, superstitious world, preserved in the mythologies of people around the world, those same people also share parts of their individuality, and that individuality is not something irregular but rather diffuse so that the boundaries between people are open, such similar beliefs build a strong backbone of irrationality, despite our rational thinking, or else a source of Gespenster of the most interesting genre.
