It is not about a different view of the Holocaust, but rather an intimate story about the events that took place on a small street in Berlin and some of the people involved. This film is currently starting in New York City where Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) is mourning over his wife's death, and family members gathered around them. Ruth Hannah's daughter (Maria Schrader) slowly learns that her mother was raised by an arian woman named Lena Fischer (Doris Schade), so she travels to Germany and lives 90 years of age telling her about the events Rosenstraße. SPOILER ALERT ***** <br /> <br /> Lena talks about Berlin in 1943, where the Gestapo will keep all Jewish wives in a building on Rosenstrasse Street even if they are supposed to be immune because they are married to the Aryans and for nine days a group of women would wait outside and cry for their release. One hundred years, Ruth (Svea Lohde) waits for her mother to go out and has no place to go, but she meets 33-year-old Lena (Katja Riemann) who leads her. Lena's husband, Fabian (Martin Feifel), is also to socialize with Nazi officers to make them do something. This film is directed by Margarethe von Trotta, who makes her first feature film in nearly 10 years after working on television, and while this is clearly not one of her more challenging efforts, she remains one of the most worship directors in Europe. This is not one of those Nazi movies in which we look at the horrific acts of inhumanity towards the Jews, although we notice that a severe treatment is being released, but rather a story of a small event that meant life and death to those involved. This film does not try to shock anyone or open the door to debates about the circumstances, but what it simply wants to do is shed light on a small, but true, life event that took place in a historical period. Some of the power of the film comes from its actors and there are some good performances that shine especially by Riemann and the young Lohde and it's always good to see Schrader (Aimee & Jaguar) as an essential part. This is not a great movie or something that will change your perspective on World War II, but given that innocent lives have been punished with death because of the events that have taken place, I think only reason is important to recreate this true story.
