Another small piece of the vast puzzle of the Holocaust image is turned upside down in this paper about the Rosenstrasse protest in Berlin, an event I did not know about, which started at the end of February 1943. The details are given in an addendum following this review. The narrative of the film puts the story of this protest in another contemporary story that begins in New York City today. Here an unseen Jewish woman, whose husband has just died, shocks the children and others, insisting on an extremely Orthodox mourning ritual. She goes on, asking her daughter's fiancé to leave her house. The confused girl, Hannah (Maria Schrader), then first learns of a great cousin that during her second World War in Berlin, her 8-year-old mother had been taken and protected by an Aryan woman . Hannah gives up everything, goes to Berlin and finds this woman, Lena Fischer, 90 years ago. Hannah easily convinces the woman to tell her the story. Everything seems rather overwhelmed. The film then improves, focusing on long flashbacks, first of all, on the events of 1943 that surrounded the protest, in which the fictitious central character is the same Mrs. Fischer at 33 (played magnificently by Katja Riemann), a baroness and a pianist who is married to Fabian (Martin Feifel), a Jewish concert violinist, one of the men detained on the Rosenstrasse site. back to now from time to time and also ending in New York City once again. While present scenes are saturated in color, scenes from 1943 are washed, strong on blue-gray tones. The quality of the act is generally good enough, which we could expect in view of the profound talent pool in Germany and the direction of Margarethe von Trotta, the most prominent female director of Germany's newest cinema, she was a former actress. The story of the protest is simply said. Only one feature is missing, which would have helped it: the notes at the end of the text indicating the possible result for those people who were taken to custody at Rosenstrasse, the result being, as the addendum below makes clear, incredibly positive. Rosenstrasse did not do well in the opinions of most film critics. Very long, unnecessarily stratified, supplier of gender stereotypes, manipulating music: leave her the usual kidnappings. It's too long. But I found in this film a strong, spontaneous, and utterly convincing voice of protest from women who kept watch out of place on Rosenstrasse, where their Jewish relatives and others were detained. I have found nothing subtle, contemporary or manipulative in this description. Even the absence of extreme violence (no one is shot or brutally physically) has increased my tension, which has progressively increased as the movie progressed. Expect a vicious attack to start at any time. The film's poverty was later with me. I often woke up at night when I saw the movie, my mind full of gloomy, melancholy, chaotic and movie-inspired images. For me, this is rare. (In German and English). My Rating: 8/10 (B +). (Received on 05/31/05). If you want to read more of my comments, send me a message for directions to my sites. <br /> <br /> Add: Rosenstrasse protest: Remove from their forced labor places in what was to be In 1700-2000 Jews, most men married to non-Jewish women were sentenced to Rosenstrasse 2-4 , a social assistance office for the Jewish community in central Berlin. The Jews had German relatives, many of them very related, Adolf Eichmann hopes that their separation from the other detainees would convince family members that loved ones were sent to labor camps and not to other dangerous destinations in occupied Poland. /> Normally, those arrested remained in custody for only two days before being loaded onto trains facing the east. But before the deportation of the detainees could occur in this case, wives and other relatives wandered about what was happening and appeared at the Rosenstrasse, first in two and then increasing in numbers. <br /> <br /> Maybe six thousand participated in the protest, though not all at the same time. The women asked their husbands back, day by day, for a week. Unarmed, unorganized and deprived of rulers, they face the most brutal forces at the disposal of the Third Reich. Joseph Goebbels, Gauleiter (governor or district leader) of Berlin, anxious to have that racially cleansed city, was also responsible for the public morale of the nation. In both cases, he was worried about the possible repercussions of women's actions. Rather than inviting more open dissent by shooting women on the streets and fearing to endanger the secret of the "final solution," Goebbels, with Hitler's concert, released prisoners from Rosenstrasse and even ordered the return of twenty-five of those who had already been sent to Auschwitz! For both Hitler and Goebbels, the decision was a mere postponement of the inevitable. But they were wrong. Almost all those released from Rosenstrasse survived the war. Women have won a staggering victory over the destruction forces. (Adapted from an article posted on the South Florida University Web site, "Teacher's Guide to the Holocaust.")
