I am always surprised when you see something about World War II on German national television. They would think they do not like to open old wounds, but there is not a week to go without a documentary or a movie about the horror and atrocities of this war. Maybe it's a way to treat their past, I do not know, but you can not blame them for ignoring what happened. And it must be said: most of these documentaries really deserve an hour because they never try to gloss over the truth and the same can be said about their films (think, for example, about "Der Untergang" or "The Downfall" could now) that are also very realistic. One of these films is "Rosenstrasse". She tells a true story and deals with the subject of mixed marriages during the war, even if the film starts with a family in the US at the moment. After Hannah's father died, her mother suddenly turned into an Orthodox Jew, even though she was not very religious before. She does not know where her mother's strange behavior comes from, but when she starts digging into her troubled childhood, Hannah understands how little she knows about her mother's past. The fact that this film deals with the subject of mixed marriages during the Nazi regime is already quite surprising. As far as I know, there was no other film to deal with this topic. (For those who have not yet known this: Being married to the so-called pure man or woman, who has meant to many Jews that they were not immediately sent to one of the concentration camps, but that they had to work in one place, a factory ). But not just say something about the issues of mixed marriages, but also a good idea of ​​how these people have often been seen by their own parents and relatives. How hard it was sometimes for them during the Nazi regime and how these people, most of the time women, did everything in their power to free their people after they were captured and locked up, for example, in Rosenstrasse ... <br /> <br /> The actress is very good and the story is very well written although the way it was presented at first did not really make me (and this is the only part that you will see it in the trailer). Perhaps I am just myself, but I would have left much of what is happening nowadays. At least on the part of the US because the part where Hannah goes to Berlin and talks with someone who knows more about his mother's past is certainly working. If you are interested in everything that has to do with World War II and if you do not necessarily look for a lot of action shots, it is definitely a movie that you should see. This is not a movie where you will see battles or battles, but it is certainly an exciting movie, because it gives you an idea of ​​an aspect of the war that is little known about. I give it a 8/10.
