In Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta combines two stories to create a vibrant tapestry of love and courage. The film describes a dramatic family of estrangement between a mother and her daughter and the story of the German women who held a protest against Rosenstrasse to free her Jewish husbands from certain exterminations. In addition to dramatizing historical events, the film focuses on saving a Holocaust child from a German and the child's experience of losing his mother. While Mrs von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans has made a difference, she does not use it to excuse German society. Indeed, she shows that in the midst of torture and extermination, the rich artists and intellectuals of the high German society continued to live their lives and parties, ignoring the sufferings. Rosenstrasse opens in New York as the Jewish widow Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to stay at Shiva, a seven-day mourning that takes place after a funeral where the Jewish family members pay full attention to the memory and mourning of the deceased. When her daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) is forbidden to receive phone calls from her fiancé Luis (Fedja van Huet), a non-Jew, Hannah asks why her mother suddenly decided to follow an Orthodox tradition that she rejected Previously. When Ruth coldly rejects her cousin, Hanna asks and teaches her about a woman named Lena who took Ruth as a child when his mother was deported and murdered by the Nazis and she promises to find Lena and discover the secret of her mother's past. Her search takes her to Berlin, where she finds Lena (Doris Schade) ninety years old, and interviews her under the pretext of being a journalist studying certain aspects of the Holocaust. With an imminent memory, Lena tells her story about how she, like a 33-year-old woman (Katja Reimann), sought her husband, Jewish pianist Fabian Israel Fischer (Martin Feifel), who disappeared and was supposed to have been imprisoned the protection commonly given to Jews in mixed marriages. Lena, in a radiant show by Reimann, discovers that her husband and other Jews are detained in a former factory on the Rosenstrasse. I sit together on the frozen night, the German women whose husband are devoid of congregation outside the building, their figures grow daily to reach a thousand shouts, "Give us back our husbands." Lena finds Ruth (Svea Lohde), a young girl whose mother is in the building. She takes care of her, protects her from the Gestapo and raises her after her mother is killed. Lena comes from an aristocratic German family, and her brother, recently recovered from Stalingrad, is the Wehrmacht officer. After refusing to help her father release Fabian, she calls her brother's help, telling a colleague: "I know what they do for the Jews. With her support, she is bold enough to bypass her and go to the top where her beauty and charm proves to be irresistible to the Minister of Culture, Joseph Goebbels, a well-known female. Although this fictional part of the film has been criticized as degrading for protesters, it is a fact that Goebbels was the director of Margarethe von Trotta, a feminist and intellectual activist, is not alien to political drama, and she directed a film about socialist Rosa Luxembourg and Marianne and Julianne, a story about the relationship between two sisters, one of them resorting to political violence to achieve his liberal goals. In Rosenstrasse, a film he has been working for for eight years, had to make compromises, adding the fictional element of today to produce the film. The fact that it works so well is a tribute to the art of Mrs. von Trotta and the beautiful script of Pamela Katz, whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. The events at Rosenstrasse give the lie to the Germans saying "I could not do anything". Now von Trotta showed the opposite to be true, that something could be done to resist the Nazis. It is tragic that the example did not get caught.
