Berlin-born in 1942 Margarethe von Trotta was an actress and is now a very important writer and writer. She was described, perhaps even unfairly cartooned, as a director whose commitment to bringing the woman's sensitivity to the screen exceeds her artistic forces. The "Rosenstrasse," which gathered mixed and even strange reviews (the New York Times article was one of the most negative negative reviews I've ever read in this paper) is not a perfect movie. It is a wonderful film and a testament to a rare combination of successful opposition with the genocidal Nazi regime, of all the peoples, the powerless German generals who demonstrated on a street in Berlin. Co-writer von Trotta uses the current incident at Rosenstrasse in search of a young woman for information about her mother's life that was never revealed in childhood in the German capital during the Second World War. Ruth Weinstein's husband (Jutta Lampe) has also died in a surprising comeback to a seemingly orthodox Jewish lifestyle so far, long standing, Ruth not only "stands at Shivah" (the oath ritual of the Jewish week), but insists on respecting the strict prescriptions of her faith. Her apartment in New York reflects the affluence provided by the work of her deceased husband. Her born American daughter, Hannah (Maria Schrader) and her brother are a bit pushed by the mother's supposedly restrictive Orthodox Jewish practice, but they enter. Mother refuses coldly the presence of fiancé Hanna, a non-Jew named Luis Fedja van Huet). An internal crisis might break out because Ruth warns that she will give up Hannah if she does not give up Luis. Keep. The cousin gets to pay respect and also gives up an interested Hannah about a war mystery about the motherhood of Berlin. Hannah is intrigued - she asks her mother who refuses to talk about that part of her life. This is very, very realistic. I grew up with parents who fled from Nazi Germany just in time and I knew many children whose families, entirely but usually in part, escaped the Holocaust. These days were simply not discussed. Hence, Hannah learned that a German German woman had saved Ruth's life, and she set out to Berlin, hoping to find the savior still breathing. If not, it would have been a very short film. But Ruth, claiming to be a historian, locates 90-year-old Lena Fischer (Doris Schade), now a widow. As Lena tells her story, the scenes are changing pretty well between Berlin today and the capital of wartime. Young Lena in 1943 (Katja Riemann) was a good married pianist with a Jewish violinist, Fabian Fischer (Martin Feifel). With the emergence of the Nazi regime, he was obliged to use Israel as the middle name, just as the Jewish women had to add the name "Sarah" (I accidentally wanted IMDb to have given Fabian's name on the fake character list "Israel included - it simply perpetuates a name applied by the Nazis as a sign of classification and degradation." While Germany deported most of the Jewish population to the concentration camps, those married to the "Aryans" were forsaken. Until 1943, when the regime decided to take them (most of them were men, a minority were Jewish women married to non-Jews), and the Roundup is presented here with all the frightening intensity of the young Lena trying to find her husband. she and many other women know they are locked up in a Rosenstrasse building. A lot of anxious women are getting up, some looking strangely help from the officer German people who are predictably refusing aid and also verbally abusing them (the "Hebrew Loving Bitch" being a single name). As a subplot, Lena adopts more or less the eight-year-old Ruth who hid away when her mother was captured (remember that Ruth is now in Shiva in Manhattan). The child Ruth is portrayed by Svea Lohde. <br /> <br /> Through increasingly angry protests, women ultimately prevail. Men and a handful of women are freed. As in the real story the Nazis gave her, one of the rare or almost unprecedented, when the madmen admitted that they were defeated in their homicidal agenda (another was the end of the euthanasia campaign to get rid of the Reich of defects mental and chronic invalids,) <br /> <br /> Von Trotta builds the tension and the story of each woman is both personal and universal. Hannah continues to make Lena, who ages, who slowly, in a meeting, starts to suspect he has nothing to do with an ordinary historian, but rather someone who needs to learn about the little girl he has saved her, the child whose mother was killed. /> Contrasts of Rosenstrasse from 1943, a set and street today in a lively, rebuilt and unified Berlin, offers a recurrent theme. Today's Berlin bears the patrimony, but not the scars of a monstrous past. Von Trotta does this very well. The main actors are impressed in a uniform way. The husband of Lena, while he is strong, is also shown to be totally helpless in collapsing the confrontation with a likely prospect of deportation (proving to have been clearly understood by all the characters - including local and military police - as a unique trip in oblivion). Old Ruth is forced to face dramatic demons in her happy New York life. Hannah is very credible like a young woman whose father's death triggers the need to discover the past of her family. These things are happening (though the Times does not seem to know that). Von Trotta's hand is safe, but not perfect. A scene with Goebbels at a girl who enjoys Lena's violin is useless and fun. The suggestion that she might sleep with the propaganda minister, the most fanatical high-level worshiper at Hitler to save her husband, would have degraded them from the marvelous achievement of spouses and demonstrative relatives. Most German officers come from the central casting and are modeled by Erich von Stroheim School's "copy and paste" of Teutonic teaton. But this is understandable. Rosenstrasse's story has been the subject of books and articles, and some claim it is a paradigm to claim that many Jews could have been saved if more Germans protested. Unfortunately, this argument is nonsense. The German women occupying Rosenstrasse were profoundly and obviously self-evident. Most Germans were on a line somewhere between passive and virulent anti-Semitism. That is why the protest at Rosenstrasse was practically unique. Whether someone buys or rejects the Goldenhagen thesis that most Germans were willing to assume accomplices of current killers, it can not be denied that pre-Nazi anti-Semitism anti-Semitism broke out in a virulent disorder of 1933. <br /> <br /> Elder Lena remarks that what women did was "a ray of light" in a bad time. Most men and women who came out of a near-death journey survived the war. So "a ray of light" was and von Trotta's film is a beacon that shows that some have been saved by the courage of women in general, and that for every saved life there is a feast. And always will. <br /> <br /> 9/10
