This was just another wonderful film of the Berlin Festival. But unlike "Yes" by Sally Potter, I had seen a few days before, where, after I left the cinema, I felt a strong desire to want to embrace the whole world and was just happy to be alive , it was something that dragged me down and the air felt suddenly cold and hard to breathe. It was as if nothing was left, all hope, all the future had been taken to a dead place. Nina's life seemed to be hopeless and dark, but then one a wonderful day, there is a kind of light that opens horizons and make them believe in fulfilling her dreams. No one was near it, but suddenly finds a companion, just anything, someone who could share their innermost feelings in her life. That person was Toni, a vagabond girl who does not seem to have roots, just like herself. But the title of the movie is "Ghosts," and the ghosts appear and disappear as they please, is there no way to keep them? Ghosts are also hidden fantasies of men, wild ideas occupy your mind and are seen only by you, hiding you from all other persons. Françoise, a French woman, is a victim of such ghosts. She lost her baby daughter once in Berlin, which apparently had been robbed of it in a supermarket, in a moment of inattention. Now is the time and Françoise returns to Berlin, looking for the missing child. Nina could be that child, after all she has that ankle-like scar and the heart-shaped birthmark between her shoulder blades that seems to prove her true identity. And Nina adopts this idea, after all, she not only desperately needs a companion, but she also wants a mother. But ultimately, it is empty-handed, Toni disappeared with a man and his alleged mother turns out to be a sick woman. "Marie is dead," concludes Françoise's husband, and the statement can not be more disillusioning. Nina is just a "niña," an unnamed girl, there is no hope for any divine fulfillment. There is no Marie in this world to accompany our lives alone. So, in the end, we see Nina alone, about to go on the path that opened before her, in a future that seems unhappy and uncertain.
