I do not think many movies (especially comedies) have added a memorable dialogue, quoted as MOONSTRUCK. I will not illustrate it - you can see a remarkably long list of quotes on this thread - but any film that can deal with topics such as defending the use of expensive copper pipes rather than brass for use in memorable dialogues is amazing for me. It is not the only line that appears and prints our memory. How about a restaurant waiter who regrets a planned marriage proposal because it would mean losing a client of old bachelors? Or a beautiful, elderly fancier who encourages his package to shout at the moon? Or Perry's (John Mahoney) description of the young woman's promise of a female student as "the moonlight in a martini" (my favorite line). MOONSTRUCK is a great example of a brilliant scenario, a distribution set that fits perfectly. There are other examples (drama OX-BOW INCIDENT is another example, but one more grimmer). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney and Danny Aiello are all involved in plots and cross-purposes that examine the nature of love and how to do it. Is it a good thing to be totally in love? Cher and Cage finally seem to believe that, but Dukakis knows that real love leads the crazy individual (and Cage also has a sense of accomplishing this when he and Cher argue out of his house after he I return from the opera La Boheme). People's infidelity is a way to avoid the thoughts of dying. Dukakis thinks so, and (quite odd - although he is not absolutely convinced) Aiello. Chance reveals infidelity - Dukakis realizes early that Gardenia's strange behavior is related to unbelief, and Cher literally hinders Gardenia and his girlfriend to the opera (but Gardenia also hinders Aiello-like unbelief). But the chance also causes misunderstandings: Fyodor Chaliapin is prevented from going along with John Mahoney and thinks he has an affair. There are wonderful moments in the movie. Cher's observation of the flowers that lead to the reception of a flower. He heard the argument in the liquor store and solving it. But the best is Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso's sequence as the uncle and aunt of Cher Raymond and Rita Cappomaggi and Rita's charming and pleasant commentary on Raymond about the moon's effect on him. It's the sweetest moment of the whole movie. It's close to a flawless movie. After seeing it over a dozen times in as many years, I find only two points that do not seem as good as it should be. When Cher is at Cage's bakery, his assistant, Chrissy (Nada Despotovich), mentions how he secretly falls in love with Cage, but he was afraid to tell him. Earlier he was happy with Cher, who put her in her place quickly. However, nothing seems to be done with this possible rivalry. At the same time, the fact that Cher forgets to deposit his uncle and the profits of the aunt's mature business is instantly brought into the seven minutes of the film - but it has also fallen rapidly. Should there be parcel lines that have been abandoned, except Cher and Vincent Gardenia working on the shelter of a homeless man as a penance? It's a little offense, but I think it's just based on the desire to see more of this movie because it's so good.
