The bitter twist of this film contains a marvelous element of romance that evokes an impetuous passion! These features of the idealistic images that Moonstruck possesses impel a final result of a resounding verdict from almost every prominent critic at Hollywood. Let me describe the circumstances of this movie, simply put them, they are "Sunday". The film "Moonstruck" is a cohesive film that sparks the naivety of an old Italian neighborhood in New York City. New York City has always been a great melting pot that is galvanized by many bicker-some manierisms that are indicative of typical New Yorkers, it includes a lot of Italian Americans living in New York as well! In the middle and the end of the eighties a sudden conclusion of many powerful associations with different cultural stereotypes resulted. The polarization of ethnicity was a scourge firmly embedded in American history, which was more widespread for several generations before the film was made. These generalizing tendencies still exist today, yet they are much less solid and less identifiable! For this Italian family of a past era, confusion, indecision, agitation and, of course, love, all have the comic comrade of a total human understanding of them! Spirits related to all of Moonstruck seem to be the one of understanding individual fragility. We may be wondering why Cher plays the main role because he is more known as an entertainer than a first billing star in a movie. However, in the movie "Moonstruck" I think she was very fit for her role and came as fully credible in a relatively unbelievable situation. All of the Moonstruck characters are very harsh around the edges, very tough and not afraid of having a formidable duel with adversity. The most hilarious aspect of their lives is imperfection, and they are aware that storm weather certainly serves a constructive purpose! I thought the role of this movie was sensational. All the relationships in this movie have a good potential to lighten alive, because everyone knows how it really is the basic nature of everyone else! For this family, nothing is full of charm, nothing is romantically pretentious, and nothing is too emotional (just moderate). The fact is that the whole family is clearly and perpetually affected and defeated by an extremely zealous and sincere cupid throughout their lives. Taking the moon beams can indeed have a pleasant annoying impact on judgment, mysterious mysticism, and resistance to proverbial hours. "This means everything! The dominant and merciful principle of this film is essentially one, Be honest, be angry, Be honest, confront, Be honest, be distorted and accentuated, Most important, Be honest, and fall in love! better performance of Cher as ever actress Nicholas Cage, Danny Aiello and Olympia Dukakis were great flaws in "Moonstruck." These performances by these three were perfectly suited for the kinetic energy of the characters in this movie! ("Cincinnati Kid", "Affair Thomas Crowne") and the most famous for "The Heat of the Night", which won the Best Picture Award in 1967, presents many nice and humanistic instincts in the process of realizing I'm an Italian American in the descent, (partly anyway) Cher is not Italian, and neither the writer nor the director! As non-Italians eat our food, they can use our culture and make a fabulous movie! It's cool to know that a movie can be great and has a very happy ending! For those who did not like this movie, I only have one thing to say: "Get out of it!" This movie "Moonstruck" is absolutely happy, go lucky! Total eighty! and a total of five stars! See it!
