This movie is still a favorite of all time. Only a pretentious, humorous moron does not enjoy this wonderful movie. This film feels like a slice of warm apple pie, covered with French vanilla ice cream! I think this is Cher's best work and her most credible performance. Cher has always been blessed by charisma, good looks, and a thin, envious figure. Whether you like to sing or not - who else sounds like Cher? Cher has certainly made his mark on the entertainment industry and will be remembered for a long time after others have come and gone. She is one of the most unique artists there. It's weird, because who would have thought of Cher as such a talented natural actress? He is head over the so-called "movie stars" of our day. Cher is a true actor on the same level as Debra Winger, Alfre Woodard, Holly Hunter, Angela Bassett and a few others, in which she does not seem to "act", she really becomes a convincing character. She has earned more than the respect of her colleagues and of public film. Everything about Moonstruck is great - the characters, the landscape, the dialogue, the food. I never get tired of watching this movie. Every time I look at the scene where I live around the table at Rose's house, I take a break at the remote to see exactly what a delicious meal is Serving Rose. I saw the spaghetti, the mushrooms (I think), but can not I find out if she's eating ravioli, eh? What is that main course? Looks great and leads me! <br /> <br /> Everyone in that family was a diligent person and they respected and cared for each other. Grandfather was not pushed and tolerated, he was a vital part of the family and was listened to and respected for his age and wisdom. He seemed to be a fairly healthy, independent and old coder. <br /> <br /> Loretta's mother was not just a housewife, she was the glue that held the family together, and she was an example of a wife, mother and home manager must aspire to be. She was proud of the lifestyle she had chosen but did not let him define who he was. Strong business people are not as comfortable in their skin as Rose Casterini. Notice the way he said, "I had no children until after 37. It's not over until it's over." You felt she was the kind of young woman who did exactly the way she liked and did it without the other person realizing what had happened. She was charming, intelligible and intelligent. What a great mother! I did not really like Loretta right away, because it seemed like a little acquaintance - everything that was not as adventurous and controlling herself as she wanted others to think about . They could tell others about themselves and where they were wrong, but she did not really apply common sense in her life. She was about to marry a middle-aged mother, simply because she wanted the husband and the sense of the identity and purpose of her life. She was more conventional than her mother. She dressed and her hair as a matron in a detention facility, and she seemed unimportant and bored, but under her she felt she was vulnerable and alone and had a lot of love to give the right man. She might also be a wonderful mother. I have seen in the future a house full of Loretta and Ronnie, who were screaming for happy children, and Rose and Cosmo enjoy each and every moment.
