Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a thirty-year-old woman widow who lives with her parents in a duplex apartment in Brooklyn. She is committed to marry Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello), a gentle man, more of a debt resigned than real love. Before their wedding, Johnny makes a trip to visit his mother who is sick and leaves the Loretta to play the olive leaf with his brother Ronny through his imminent wedding notification. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) did not forgive Johnny because he was the cause of his accident, which caused him to lose his hand (and later his bride), but he does not fall for Loretta hard. After a heated business, Loretta out of respect for Johnny tries to avoid Ronny, but his dark appearance and bitter masculinity earns it. Meanwhile, Loretta's mother, Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis) not only suspects that her husband, Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia), sees another woman, but she is the object of admiring a college professor and wonders why men follow them the women. Things get complicated when Johnny comes back from Sicily to tell Loretta they can not be married. Configuration is a pure sitcom, but John Patrick Shanley's story, with a profound understanding of the Italian-American inhabitants of New York, is authentic: he receives the idiosyncrasies of these people and their daily noises and noises, and all the characters have a deep romantic at the key moments of the whole story. Loretta, a character reinforced by her husband's loss and knowledge of her chances of happiness, is thin, slowly emerging as a woman who is so swept away by the sudden recognition of love, she becomes the heroine La Boheme - who recognizes the love of man with her hand wood (in a change of intelligence), and Cher takes the role and does it and, in his own style, confesses deliciously his firmness to a deep and dark beauty. Ronny is a clean fire, and Nicholas Cage releases the masculine power as if he were Marlon Brando. Castorini and Cappomaggi, counterbalance the central couple, express love for each other in two very important moments: the last couple on the night of the full moon, when Loretta and Ronny are adventurous - a rare scene illustrating love and intimacy among the elderly - and the first at a tense moment over breakfast, when Rose reveals gently by touching his words that he wants Cosmo to no longer see Mona's mistress (Anita Gillette). not only the romantic comedy and favorite date film, but also a beautiful examination of love and passion among ordinary people. The ending is a tour of the force of emotional impact, the family situation overcoming the complications of the moment to cement it in the tradition that returns in the days of immigrants and it is one that raises this film from being another film that feels good at a classic movie. MOONSTRUCK deserves the Oscar for Best Screenplay, Actress and Secondary Actress, and has proven to grow beyond its time.
