I saw Heartland when it was launched for the first time in 1980 and I just saw it again. Improves with age. Heartland is not just for "indie" movie lovers. At a time when most American movies are nothing but cynical attempts to make money with CGI, pyrotechnics, and / or vulgarity, Heartland rises just like an American history. It is also a reminder of how most of us have spoiled us, modern, urbanized Americans. Nothing in this movie is overrated or scenic. No one launches any kind of Hollywood speeches. Actresses really live their roles. This movie really feels like a "small" movie, but it really is bigger than most Hollywood productions of millions of dollars. The film is based on real people's life. In 1910, Elinore Randall (Conchata Ferrell, who has never done better than that), a widow with a 7-year-old daughter, Jerry (Megan Folsom), lives in Denver, but wants more opportunities. It promotes a housekeeping function. The announcement is responsible for Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of our less appreciated actors), a Scottish rancher, himself a widow, with a household outside Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Elinore accepts the position (seven dollars per week) and heads to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter are moving into Stewart's house on property. It is a miserable ranger, a place of endless vision, where silence is broken only by the sounds made by these people and their animals. It ensures that a person feels small. The three characters go on for long periods of time without seeing another human soul. What's worse, Stewart turns out to be silent to the point of being almost silent. "I can not talk to the man," Elinore complains to Grandpa Landauer. "You'd better learn before winter," says the grandmother. Grandma (Lilia Skala) is one of the other two characters that are seen more than passing. She went to Wyoming, Germany, with her husband many years ago, and runs her farm only now, though she is a widow. Grandma is your closest neighbor (and local midwife) and still lives ten kilometers away! The other supporting character is Jack engaged hand (Barry Primus). Elinore's routine (and her employer) is an endless and late work, in which there are no modern facilities and where everything has to be done, fixed or done manually. This is the real flesh of the movie: Watch the usual lives of these farmers as they struggle against nature to scatter a life out of the earth. But despite constant effort and fatigue, Elinore is always looking for other opportunities. He learns that Stewart's adjacent tract is not being claimed. Impulsively, she lodges a complaint about property (twelve dollars, or almost two weeks of payment!), Which means that if she lives on her (and she has to live there) and does it for ten years, she will receive this deed . Of course, Stewart finds out what he did. With ruthless logic, he shows that without money, without animals, without credit and without assets, he has no chance of succeeding. He then offers a solution: He proposes marriage. Elinore, astonished, realizes that this is the only real alternative and accepts. We believe that Stewart's proposal is purely Machiavellian - he wants land and free labor - but we see this, in fact, he is really in love with Elinore, and they grow up together as a couple. She becomes pregnant; she goes to work in the midst of a winter raven; Clyde travels for hours on a trip through the storm, ten miles to his grandmother and ten miles back, just to announce that Grandpa was not there. This is more like real life than pleasurable, folks. Elinore has the baby alone, without any help. Their son is still a child when he becomes ill and dies. They lose half their livestock until the vicious winter. Fight. The last sequence in the film is supposed to be optimistic: the birth of a calf. Clyde urges Elinore urgently to help him deliver the calf. Instead of being the head in the first place, the calf is presented in a slideshow. He and Elinore must physically draw the calf from the birth canal. There is no CGI, animatronic, trick, fake or special effects: What you see is what happened, folks: a calf is born on a bed of straw in a wooden barn on the lamp. With that, the film does not end so much that just stopping, leaving the viewer unsatisfied, but after a while you appreciate the film as a whole, not just for its end. This small stone rewards patiently and thoughtfully. It will be watched long after most of the films of the last generation have been forgotten for a long time.
