Normally, I'm a sucker for romantic movies that are well-filmed and well-acting. This is a romantic film (period) established in 17th century Italy, but filmed in French with English subtitles. The fact that it is a regular film means that it will inevitably be slower than the pace of the films established in the modern age, so it will wear some. If you can overlook this fact, it's really a great movie. Landscapes, costumes and cinema are beautiful, and the main actors and actress are very convincing in their portraits, projecting the intensity of the emotions that are plotting. The story is like a sad love story with an unhappy ending. It is easy to believe that this is a precise portrait of the characters in real life. Despite the fact that I was very moved by the main characters and the story, I decided to check the validity of the story and found out that the main theme of the story of the movie - that of a sad sad love story - was completely fabricated. In real life, Artemisia was raped by Tassi initially, rather than obeying his advances with goodwill and passion, as shown in the film. He continued to have sex with him just because he had repeatedly promised to marry her. When they were in court, he did not recognize the guilty pardon for the torture of Artemisia (as opposed to what the film portrays). In fact, he had tried to portray Artemisia as a free, promiscuous woman with insatiable sexual needs. In the film, his sister testified in court that Tassi had a wife and had sexual relations with his wife, and Tassi's character was all the time as if his sister slandered him about his claim to him as a sister-in-law (though he admits to had a wife back in Florence). Needless to say, in reality, it was not like that. In fact, away from her. Tassi was genuinely responsible for the planned murder of his wife, which he created from rape. And to add to that, Tassi really had sexual relations with his sister-in-law, impregnating her in this process, but all of this was not reciprocal - again, she violated her sister-in-law. <br /> <br /> So now we have a clear picture of Tassi's reality as a multiple sex offender, what do we do in Artemisia's portrait movie as a lover? We consider this film as an attempt to make this film a romantic film ... that this film has never been made historically correct ... In addition to these points, there have been other historical inaccuracies, such as the interpretation of Artemisia's art in real life, it has never been influenced by Tassi's painting style and in fact she was considered a better painter than Tassi ever existed.) One thing remains true that Artemisia Gentileschi was credited as the first painter of history, and although the mastery of art has competed with many of her male colleagues, she has always had difficulty in getting enough credit for her work because of her gender as a woman in 17th century Italy, century. this film for his sake, because it is a pretty good romantic drama, but takes his historical references with a grain of salt.
