Rock solid giallo from a gender director, Sergio Martino. Modeling from a wonderful scenario by Ernesto Gestaldi, this shocking mystery often develops the fascination to the wonderful ending, most likely it will not come throughout the film. When everything has fallen, we can go, "Ahh .." The film revolves around the death of a husband (... in an airplane explosion) and millions of dollars the wife receives from her . There are those who have great interest in this money, one of them being the dead master's mistress. The wife is Lisa (Ida Galli), and the mistress asking for half the money is Lara (Janine Reynaud). She tells Lisa she knows she was killed by her to get the insurance money. Lara says she will use her "lawyer" Sharif (Luis Barboo) to get that money. So, the movie is already producing two suspects in Lisa's later murder, waiting for someone in Tokyo. George Hilton portrays Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company investigating who earns an inheritance to see if the payment day was collected in a suspicious manner. When, on her watch, Lisa is killed by a man dressed head-to-head in black in her hotel room, she is a possible suspect. He decides to investigate himself, also aiding inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol agent, Benton (Tom Felleghy), in search of a killer. The killer hits many times by eliminating anyone who is rotating around the missing million dollars confiscated by the one responsible for Lisa's killing. Soon, the film follows a journalist, Cléo Dupont (delicious and delicious Anita Strindberg), while she and Peter meet for a dinner where she could try to pull out something that might tell her a story. Soon I fall in love deeply, but it seems that anyone beside Peter is killed. Soon someone attacks Cléo with the intention of killing, which is pushing the investigation further into an unexplored territory. Why would anyone want to hurt a journalist without real deeds that will damage someone who kills people. This giallo is quite smart and interesting to watch. The film never goes out, which is quite remarkable, because it happens so much, leaving the killer's identity open. This film follows the gialli path with knife balls due to a certain pattern the killer took (neck and lower torso). The film's conclusion includes all the complex heads and is quite satisfactory. The film has unique room angles, but it offers the goods in terms of parcel leadership and mystery execution.
