Sergio Martino recently impressed me with his classic Giallo "The Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh" and with the unforgettable title: "Your Vice is a closed room and only I have the key" - but that's not what I expected to this movie. The case of Scorpio's tail is not mentioned as much as the above mentioned headlines when it comes to the classical Giallo discussion - but I do not know why, because it is at least as good as the two! Dario Argento may be Giallo's "king", but with the five films he has made - Sergio Martino is surely not too long behind. In some ways, he even exceeds the master. All Martino's movies were launched before the jewelry of Argento's crown, the magnificent Profondo Rosso, so back in the early seventies - Martino was the king! The complaint follows the idea of ​​a crime for profit and aims to pay the insurances of a rich man. His wife inherited $ 1 million and it's not long before people get out of her blood! When she returns dead shortly thereafter, an insurance investigator and a brave young attractive journalist track the case. <br /> <br /> The case of the Scorpio tail can not benefit from the beautiful Edwige Fenech, but has two of Martino's officers aboard. The most famous is George Hilton, who worked with Marino on Mrs. Wardh's "The Strange Vice" and "All the Colors of the Dark," alongside a number of other Giallos. Hilton has an extraordinary presence on the screen and every time I see him in an Italian thriller; it becomes obvious why it is poured repeatedly. The beautiful Anita Strindberg, who will be reminded by your Deputy Mayor, is a closed room, plays alongside Hilton and offers excellent classic Giallo woman. Sergio Martino does a good job in the director's seat, with many beautiful scenes - the best of which takes place in a green-lit bath room! Bruno Nicolai's (Wardh) score sets the mood well, but the scenario is once again the driving force behind Martino's success. Ernesto Gastaldi, the writer for Martino's other four Giallo, put together a script that is thrilling while staying away from the common Giallo not to make the trap make sense; releasing this film from the rest of the illogical genre. The Scorpio Tail Case is a Giallo quality film and still a success for the great Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you like this!
