Sergio Martino's story about Scorpio Tail is a giallo scene from the early 1970s. An explosion on an airplane results in a million dollars in insurance money for an unlucky but unbelieving wife. The money is then snatched by a black-assembled assassin and a series of brutal murders follow. The Scorpio tail plays a mystery, written by giallo specialist Ernesto Gastaldi, quite rightly. But being a giallo, killing itself is memorable and well organized. In fact, the violence in this movie is very strong in places - a scene with a broken bottle being particularly graphic. The emphasis on violence that undoubtedly influences the giallo genus to move into an increasingly extreme territory. But, like the best films in genre, brutality is offset by a good score and an attractive photo. Bruno Nicolai's music sometimes reminds of Ennio Morricone's avant-garde work in The Bird with the Crystal Plumage, but she is also powerful in her own right. The photo is helped by the pleasant use of foreign locations - in this case London and Athens - where Martino manages to enter Parliament House and Acropolis, respectively! There are also some inventive working-room work also most effective being the use of slow motion in a sequence where a woman runs toward the door where the maniac is riding out. In this particular scene, Martino has the killer through the door with a knife in a Crystal Plumage-influenced manner by Dario Argento, yet has the killer's attempt to open the lock with a knife blade that is repeated later by Argento in Suspiria. So, Martino's film is influential in itself. This is a good giallo solid that both fans and fans can not appreciate. The performances are good and the production values ​​are fine (although the explosion of the airplane is, to say, somewhat less budget!). The release of DVD by NoShame is enjoyable. It has both English and Italian options, which is a real bonus. However, it is worth highlighting that sometimes you have to be a quick reader to fully appreciate the English subtitle option. This applies to both the movie and the documentary in the excerpt. This is a minor point, however, the DVD version is a plus worthy of any giallo collection.
