Sergio Martino is a great director who has made a lot of contribution to Italian genre cinema and, as far as I am concerned, his 70s Gialli is highlighted in his impressive repertoire. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" as well. "Scorpio's Case" in 1971 is one of these impressive Martino films contributed to the most original sub-genre of Italy and another proof that man is a master of atmosphere, style and suspense. The personal favorite of Martino, which I have seen so far, is brilliant, "Your vice is a closed room and I have the key" in 1972, followed by "Torso" (1973) and "The Strange Vice of Mrs Wardh "(1971), all of which they personally like even more than that. It is a matter of personal taste, as "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is an excellent movie that is essential to any fan of the Italian cinema of horror and suspense in general. The film, which gives the tantalizing suspense from the beginning, has a complex and agitated plot that begins with the mysterious death of a millionaire who died in an airplane crash. Insurance agent Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is appointed to check the circumstances of the insurance company that has to pay a large sum to the wife of the deceased's husband. Shortly after Lynch begins to investigate, a person is brutally murdered, which is just the beginning of a series of crimes ... "Scorpio Tail Case" offers excellent all the elements of a great Giallo needs. The film is amazingly suspense from scratch, Bruno Nicolai's score is brilliant, the plot is greatly convoluted, and the identity of the killer remains a mystery to the end. Regular man Giallo, George Hilton, once again offers excellent lead performance. Sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely ravishing in the lead woman. Includes the great Luigi Pistilli, one of the most brilliant ordinary Italian cinematographers in the 1960s and 1970s, and Alberto De Mendoza, another great actor who should be known for any Italian cinema lover. Athens, where most of the film takes place, is actually a wonderful setting for a Giallo. The atmosphere is steadily bent, and the picture is wonderful, and Bruno Nicolai's ingenious score makes the suspense even more intense. The Short Story: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another excellent Giallo from Sergio Martino and an absolute necessity for any sub-fan lover! Stylish, suspense, and great in all respects!
