I'm really tempted to reward the "Scorpio Tail Case" with a solid rating of 10 out of 10, but that's largely because I think the Italian horror cinema of the '70s is much better than the crap of cheese I usually see them. But even without an extra point of nostalgia, this is still a true masterpiece and earns a high rating for her extraordinary story of confusion, unusual atmosphere, killing sequences soaked in blood, and superb casting choices. In my opinion, this is in fact the best giallo of Sergio Martino, and that means something like "Mrs. Wardh's weird vice", "All the colors of darkness", "Torso" and "Room and only me The key "are all gen-top notch achievements as well. But this film is just a little bigger, with its ultra-convincing plot that revolves around insurance fraud that has disappeared without control. After the death of her husband in an airplane explosion (!), Lisa Baumer immediately becomes the suspicious million-dollar owner and is eager to leave the country as soon as possible. Due to bizarre circumstances, the insurance company puts investigator Peter Lynch at the best and follows in Greece. There, Lisa becomes the target of many attacks, and the mystery of the case increases when it turns out that more people are hunting money. I am always overly anxious when summarizing briefly gialli, because I do not want to risk giving up essential plotting elements. In the "Scorpio Tail Case," the events have a sudden and totally unexpected turn before the story is halfway and I certainly do not want to destroy it for you. Many red tomatoes follow afterwards, but Sergio Martino always manages to stay one step ahead of you and, although not 100% satisfactory, the denunciation is at least surprising. It's also a very stylish movie with an imaginative chamber work and excellent music by Bruno Nicolai. Everybody preferred the giullo muse Edwige Fenech weird that she did not do this distribution (she does not play in less than 3 other superiors Martino gialli), but Anita Strindberg ("The lizard in the woman's skin," "Who saw it ?) is a replacement more than worthy of it. Charismatic and hilly George Hilton is confident as always in his role as insurance investigator and "spirit lady luxury man." If you are a fan of giallo, do not wait so long as long as I did to SEE THIS FILM !!!!
