Joan Crawford has just begun her "working girl doing good" with the dynamic "Paid" (1930). She has never tried such a role and critics have been impressed. So, while other actresses wondered why their careers were spreading (because they had stuck with characters who were "in" a few years before, but now they have become passions), Joan listened to the audience and ensured longevity as an actress . Depression was here and children of jazz age who survived a round of endless games were frowned. Of course, if you were enriched by immoral means, but you suffered - that was good. The movie begins with a spectacular boat-house party. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl there - especially when she suggests that everyone is going swimming in their underwear! However, when Bonnie's father has a heart attack, because of losses on the capital market, both Bonnie and her brother Rodney (William Bakewell) figure out who their real friends are. When Bob Townsend (Lester Vail - Johnny Mack Brown) offers to do the "good thing" and marry her - just had just spent a night together when Bonnie declared (abandoning) that he wanted to get approval - certain character by deciding to find a job. She finds a job at a newspaper and impresses quickly with her will to do good. Her boyfriend is Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and together they are given the task of writing about the inner workings of the crowd. Rodney is also surprised by the news that he also has a job. She is delighted with it, but soon she realizes she's mischievous and mixed with the cold-blooded murderer Jake Luva (Clark Gable). Rodney confesses a mass shoot and goes to pieces, "spreads the beans" to the first person they see drinking at the bar - which happens to be Bert. Then he is forced to kill Bert and then hides himself. The paper takes all the stops in an effort to find Bert's killer and sends Bonnie undercover as a dancer in one of Jake's clubs. (Joan makes a very lively dance at "Accordian Joe" - much to Sylvie's disgust). The film ends with a gun fight and, as Rodney is dying, Bonnie calls her story in her heart. This is a great movie with Crawford and Gable, giving them everything. Natalie Moorehead, who, while Sylvie shared a famous "cigarette scene" with Gable, was an elegant "other woman" who had vogue in the early thirties. William Bakewell had a huge career (he started as a teenager in a Douglas Fairbanks movie in the mid-20s). A lot of roles, however, were weak, endless characters. In this film he played the weak brother and was completely walked by Joan Crawford and the new dynamic debtor Clark Gable - maybe that's why he never became a star. Highly recommended.
