Abhay Deol's second film, written by Imtiaz Ali, is a directorial effort by Shivam Nair. Soha probably has her first role as Megha, a girl who has run away from home and is waiting for the office of the marriage registrar in Delhi for her friend Dheeraj (Shayan Munshi) to meet her. She waits and waits and, finally, she is seen as a distressed girl by Ankush (Abhay Deol). They spend many days together while releasing her from a difficult situation after another and eventually falling in love with her. Then the friend is back! Aage pardey par dekhiye! Sound familiar? This is another adaptation of Dostoevsky's White Nights, with a small loan from Le Notti Bianchi (but very small - Ankush keeps lovers outside, telling his friend he is dead!). But this is a more earthly and more realistic (spirit) adaptation than Saawariya, far too frightened and overstretched. I wonder why no one brought this little jewel when we all talked about Saawariya as the madman a few months ago. Delhi's settings are great - it's mandatory to run through Old Delhi, Jama Masjid's photos from a roof, Connaught Circus, rickshaw streets (What? How?). The colorful luminaires in the hotel are enough to tell you that this is a stuck clutter with the rooms for rent up to the hour! <br /> <br /> The more I see Abhay, the more I love this young man. In the second film, he is good enough as the employee witness, who has a life purpose for a beautiful woman. Soha looks beautiful and when she smiles she fits the role, but I find it unconvincing in the most serious moments. I'm not sure she has it in her to be a great actress, or maybe she'll blossom late like her brother. Himesh Reshammiya's music is not so great that, in fact, the movie is messing with the songs, they interrupt the narrative and do not sit well with the characters trying to sing. The support is excellent and I agree to this white adaptation at nights. BTW - the fact that I like the cute little cute of Abhay Deol has nothing to do with my assessment.
