Ahista Ahista is a small little brilliant. I started to look at her and at first I was bored since the pacing was slow and the main idea of ​​meeting a lost girl was not really new. But, as the film continued, I began to get more and more involved with film, fantastic writing and charming romance. The film was extremely simple and natural, and after a while, I felt I was following a real documentary of a guy's life. There is a good reason why the movie felt this and is the fresh talent Abhay Deol. He is extremely convincing that the simple Ancuş, with the good soul and struggle, whose new love motivates him to make changes and fight for a better life. Throughout the film, he is portrayed as a habitual and evil prankster, but also as a loving and helpful person who, like everyone else, will do anything to protect his love. Deol portrays all the nuances of his character, either positive or negative, naturally and easily. Shivam Nair's direction is very good. His expression of the life of the people in the rural district is excellent, but what becomes even more impressive is his representation of Ankush's relationships with the various people around him, including his friends and Megha's interest, whom he is ready to do for . I also loved the way Nair introduced her interaction with the strong and full mother of her friend, who she calls "khala" (aunt). She likes to go crazy and disturb her on every occasion, but she sees a very special place in her heart and is like a mother-figure for him, as it appears from several scenes. Except for Abhay, the rest of the distribution had good results. Even though Soha Ali Khan did not appear in my opinion, she was good and had the charm of her mother. The actors who played Ankush's friends were very good as the actress who played Ankush's "khala". Apart from the shows, the writing of the film was remarkable. Dialogues were something ordinary but brilliant, and the script was fantastic. This is mainly due to the fact that despite a new story, it has never been overstretched or melodramatic and there have been no attempts to make it look bigger than life. The greatest weakness of the film was the non-taxable music of Himesh Reshammiya, which was not suitable for this film. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was a delightful watch and became better with each scene. The concept may not be new, but the movie succeeds to look fresh and becomes more and more exciting as the story passes. The end was bitter, sad, but optimistic. In short, this film is growing really slowly, and this can easily be attributed to wonderful writing, moving moments, charming romance, realistic processes, and, of course, Abhay Deol's memorable interpretation.
