The story relates to Ankush (Abhay Deol) - who is a professional marriage witness, in short, acting as a witness for couples in the marriage registration office - and Megha (Soha Ali Khan) who ran away from her home to Nainital to marry her love interest Dhiraj (Shayan Munshi). The story begins with Megha waiting for the marriage registration office for Dhiraj to appear, but for some reason he does not appear. So, Ankush comes in the picture here, who approached Megha with the intention of winning the Rs. 200 for Martor's job, and he ends up helping them by offering him a shelter. Ankush grows beside him working in a bank as Agent ... Ankush falls in love with Megha and she falls in love with him (or love), both agree to marry and Dhiraj returns to the picture. Unexpected situations happen, in fact, I should say, the expected circumstances with unexpected reactions and then ... In fact, the story of the movie is slightly different from the movies we see and I do not think it will be accepted by the masses, but if you are a freak movie like me and I love seeing something different then surely you will love the movie. The film is just an innocent love story drafted by the characters of Abhay Deol and Soha Ali Khan. The characters are so natural that you feel that things happen to the next guy. The background music of the film also plays a very good role, it is simply too good. The way Delhi is presented is very good and offers a fresh feeling. <br /> <br /> So let's cut it and make it up. Story: A very common story wearing very well and turned into a wonderful experience. Music: Well, as was the creation of Himesh Reshammiya, so I did not expect too much, but I still liked a few songs from the film, including Qawwali. <br /> <Abhay Deol was the most impressive, very natural and innocent, but she should stay away from singing. Soha Ali Khan, she is a doll, a very nice doll, I have to say. Again very innocent and natural, these actors fit perfectly into their characters. Apart from these two, Shayan Munshi needs some lessons of action and may contain several layers of fat to cover the bones. Other actors did their job well. <br /> <br /> Stars: I would also give 3.5 stars out of 5. You will enjoy the film if you were watching in the theater, I would recommend you to watch it in the theater if you are a weird movie and accept unusual stories. Otherwise, wait for the DVD to arrive. The film will certainly not be enjoyable by the masses, and the business it can do is advertise.
