This melodrama is one of Griffith's oldest claustrophobic films. Characters captured in a room are prevalent throughout the work and, with the passage of time, he will become more and more able to portray his powerlessness and engage the audience in their terror. In the closed space, with a red denomination, there is a major difference from the normal plot, in that there is no escape. Griffith touches the claustrophobic effect here in two ways. The first is the use of space. While the typical Biograph could use a dozen or more sets, The Sealed Room has just two adjacent rooms? the king's yard, and the pigeon's share, which becomes the eponymous tomb. The design of the set of these shorts is rarely mentioned, but here is crucial. The courtyard is a large interior with a background that indicates a greater depth and shows a window and a staircase. The actors enter and leave from different directions, suggesting that the room is not only spacious but also open and free. Unlike the rear wall of the pigeon wall, it is very close to the room, and the angles that suggest a hexagonal or octagonal shape make it seem even more narrow. The second technique that is displayed here is the cross cutting. Anyone who has an interest in Griffith's work will probably know about his heavy use and the development of cross-cut to build excitement or tension. Many will also know that, strictly speaking, it is not his invention. However, what makes Griffith's cross cuts so effective is how he moves into the rhythm of opposing images, so they complement each other. The sealed chamber contains a good example of what I mean. The photos of the bricklayers that change the heavy bricks have a slow pace, step by step, as the tension increases as the wall increases. This movement is suited to the photos of the lovers, in which Marion Leonard breaks the flower petals one by one. While the young man realizes their difficulty, their growing panic is complemented by the king's impassioned shot that swings its sword against the wall. At this point, Griffith still did not realize that the action could be further enhanced by introducing a third direction to the cross cut. The "walk-to-rescue" drama, here absent, later became a standard culmination for Griffith's photographs.
