By 1909, D.W. Griffith has been filming Biograph for about a year, and? who work at a rate of two or three per week? has quickly begun to develop his filmmaking skills. "The Sealed Room" is a fascinating short 11-minute, fascinating piece of Gothic melodrama that even sneaks into the region of early horror. The simple narrative was probably inspired by Edgar Allen Poe's short story, "Amontillado's Cascade," and refers to a powerful king who conceives a form of sadistic delinquent revenge to punish his wife's infidelity. Middle Ages, "Closed Room" begins with the king (Arthur V. Johnson) who oversees the construction of a windowless room from a seized pigeon, the idea being that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) will have a completely private place to enjoy by the other company. She is obviously very in love with her, always showing her affection, this ultimate act acted on by her enthusiasm. However, without knowing the king, his wife fell in love with Queen Minstrel (Henry B. Walthall). During a romantic connection in the specially built room, the wife and the minstrel are discovered, and the king of the heart has a means to recover his ignorant father. In silence, he orders his workers to close the only door with stone and mortar, slowly descending into madness, when each new stone is laid down. D.W. Griffith always has an eye for acute details, and "Closed Room" is an excellent early example of this. The generous costumes of the 16th century give the film a sense of reality, and the interior of the castle seems authentic enough to be credible. At that moment, the director was also the pioneering methods of creating the suspension and I must admit that with the progress of the film I became determined to find out what would happen to the unfortunate young lovers. In the first few minutes, Griffith shrinks his photos for a long time from a stationary camera (as it was usually at that moment), but soon? parallel to the dark progressive object? he changes his editing tactic in a fascinating way. Although he may not have invented the technique, Griffith had a crucial importance in popularizing "transversal" use. which is, alternating between different events occurring at the same time. Not only does this create a sense of continuity, but also maximizes the level of suspense, because we, as the public, are aware not only of the corrupt actions of the king, but also of the fact that the wife and the master do not know it all. In spite of these innovations, "Closed Room" suffers from many deficiencies characteristic of the era. The whole movie takes place in just two cameras, with images captured from a total of only three positions, and is thus prone to become sometimes boring and monotonous. The performances of acting are far exaggerated for the extra effect, however, at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, its overlapping actually contributed to the recognition of the madness of escalating the lived king. An instant that I thought was particularly effective was when the two lovers tried to get out of the room just to find their only door replaced with a solid stone wall. Their panicked reactions, accompanied by the king's maniac silent cock, serve very well to create an imminent feeling of claustrophobia. However, I thought their oxygen source was surprisingly exhausted.
