After having been lucky to sell his scripts to the new film industry during the first decade of the 20th century, in 1908, playwright D.W. Griffith received the job that would make him a legend: he was hired by Biograph as a film director. It was not what Griffith had expected when he decided to enter the film, but accepted the job, and in less than a year he became Biograph's most successful director due to his initial approach to the film and the wild invention of his story. Many years later, he will lead the "Birth of a Nation" in 1915, the film that will revolutionize the film and turn it into one of the first recognized cinematographers; however, a lot of what a great director will make him can be found in many short films he made for Biograf Company in the early years of his career. 1909, "The Sealed Room" is one of those and also one of the few horror films in that first decade of the 20th century. The "closed room" is a story set in the 16th century, when a Count (Arthur V. Johnson) built a windowless room in his castle. It is a small but beautiful and very comfortable room, because it is meant to enjoy the love and wife of his wife, Countess (Marion Leonard) in a more private way. However, the count does not know that his wife is not exact because he is infatuated with Minstrel (Henry B. Walthall) at the Court, with whom he has an affair. As soon as the counts deal with his own business, the Countess calls Minstrel and both lovers go to enjoy the new counter. When the Count returns, he discovers that he is missing and begins to suspect, finally discovering the two lovers in his room; but instead of making a scene, he prefers to stay hidden because he decides there is a better punishment for his unbelieving wife: to seal the windowless room with the couple inside. Written by Griffiths regular collaborator Frank E. Woods, "The Sealed Room," features Edgar Allan Poe's "The Cask of Amontillado" and, in particular, "La Grande Breteche" by Honoré De Balzac, create a glamorous gothic melody, based on the themes of betrayal and sadism. In spite of an 11-minute execution time, Woods's script develops the story in a very good way and plays remarkably well with the horror elements of the story. While melodramatic, Woods focuses on Count's character and his sadism creates one of the greatest horror characters of this early age. "The Sealed Room" is certainly a very simple and basic story, but Woods deals with the dark and morbid theme of his plot, making the story a very entertaining film that is very different from most of Griffith's melodramas. In The Sealed Room, Griffith uses his talents to experience tension and suspense in a different way from the usual one. While he often edited to create thrillers that delighted his audience, in this film his focus was to create despair and horror, playing with the inherently claustrophobic feeling of the source stories. It's interesting how the story begins as another melodrama and slowly rhythm gets faster as horror themes begin to dominate the plot, culminating in a great use of editing for the final scenes. It's not a movie where room tricks are essential, which is most glowing in "The Sealed Room" is Griffith's talent to lead his actors, while the legendary director manages to bring the best out of the cast with his usual style, the season that was the norm in his day. As usual, the distribution was composed of Griffith's regular collaborators, starting with Arthur V. Johnson as a count. Johnson offers tremendous performance and truly translates the character from a loving husband to a sadistic monster. His performance is not without touch, but in fact it adds realism to the exaggerated personality of the character. Like Countess, Marion Leonard looks very good and is also very effective in her acting, conveying a natural charm that makes it hard not to sympathize with her in her betrayal. Ultimately, the legendary Henry B. Walthall appears as a beautiful Minstrel and, far from being one of his best performances, manages to deliver a charming action that adds a comedy to the movie. Although it is not really real for the plot, it's nice to see other members of Griffith's stock company in the background, such as Linda Arvidson's wife and a young Mary Pickford as nobility at the Court. masterpiece, "The Sealed Room" is a remarkable editing exercise to create suspense and tension as Griffith used to do in those days. The film has a very good design and, although a very low budget, griffith's care for details makes him look very convincing and to work perfectly with his style of direction. Changing his focus on horror makes him one of his other films in that era, and Johnson's performance as a sadist count makes him worth a watch. While Griffith will always be remembered for his (and controversial) "Birth of a Nation", the first short films he made before he really gave a good idea about the development of techniques and style that would make him a legend . Simple yet stylish, "The Sealed Room" is a fun movie to watch and one of the few horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 7/10
