Excellent P.O.W. an adventure adapted by Eric Williams from his own book (a printed copy of which is part of my father's library) inspired by the true events; could it be the first movie of its kind and therefore has a lot to answer for? not just similarly examples of superior rigidity, such as ALBERT, R.N. (1953), THE COLDITZ STORY (1955) and DANGER (1959), but several shows on the other side of the Atlantic, STALAG 17 (1953) and THE GREAT ESCAPE (1963). This, therefore, establishes a rather solid basis: British soldiers admitted to a German camp are working out an ingenious escape plan by borrowing a page from the Greek legend? which glows from under a horsehouse used during physical exercises and in full view of their captors! In fact, the film is easily divided into two halves: the first one deals with the slow tunneling process, culminating in the escape itself, while the last stages describe their assets outside the camp as they try to reach neutral Sweden. Normally, from these British films, you see more stars (Leo Genn), current (Anthony Steel) and up-and-coming (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers) to say nothing about countless characters (Anthony Dawson, Bryan Forbes, Michael Goodliffe and Walter Gotell). The three rulers / escapes are Genn, Steel and Tomlinson: while the first two stick together, the latter goes on his own way? just to run in the other to get to safety. As can be expected, the narrative involves a lot of suspense and enthusiasm; as at most P.O.W. sagas also feminine interest is kept to a minimum. Director Lee has not had a long career? with this and somewhat similar (albeit with a change of both setting and point of view) a similar city alice (1956) the most remarkable achievements? but he certainly ate all the situations in this case (even though, as they say, film delays saw Lee quitting his premature post, leaving the producer Ian Dalrymple bound to tie the free ends!). However, it is worth mentioning a special illumination (especially during the night sequences).
