This is the true story of how three British soldiers escaped from the German camp Prisoner of War (POW), Stalag Luft III, during the Second World War. This is the same POW camp, which was the scene for the Great Escape that led to the killing of 50 officers re-captured by the Gestapo (and later was made in a successful movie with the same name). <br /> <br /> While the other Stalag Luft III brigands deal with the three massive tunnels (known as Tom, Dick & Harry), two British prisoners have come up with the idea of ​​building a horse threshing wood could be placed near the compound wire fence, shortening the distance you should move from this point of departure to freedom. The idea of ​​building their version of the Trojan horse came to them while discussing the "classic" attempts to escape and observe jailbreaks that played jump in the frog. <br /> <br /> Originally, containing one and two two trash heaps hidden inside, the wooden horse could be executed in the composite and placed almost in the same position, close to the fence, every day. While volunteer workers were leaning over the horse, the escapes were busy inside the horse by digging a tunnel beneath the vaulted horse, as they were positioned near the wire, the wire, and the forest. The story also details the dangers that two of the three escapes have encountered while traveling through Germany and occupied Europe after they left the tunnel. All three soldiers who tried to escape struck home (they escaped successfully at their home base). The wooden horse offers a very precise and true sense of the tension and events of a POW breakout. The film was shot in the current locations along the route the two police officers traveled to escape. Made with a much lower budget than the Great Escape, the wooden horse is more realistic if not more exciting than the Great Escape, and never stops you from standing by the edge of the chair, rooting for the rifle to make a good escape. <br /> <br /> The story line is clear, and the actors' rings are real and tense enough to keep the tension up to the film. The wooden horse is based on the book of the same name by one of the escapes, Eric Williams, and is, by far, the best story of escaping the POW ever transformed into a movie. Some of the current prisoners were used in the film to repeat their existence as prisoners in the Stalag Luft III. I give this movie a well-deserved ten.
