SPOILERS Gender does not? It is one of the most elementary parts of human life. Still, we take it too seriously? People always want more, even those who receive it daily, and if you are unlucky, there are potential consequences that can change life (creation). Ironically, people claim to start having sex at a younger and younger age (despite the fact that the Victorians married and have children in adolescence), so it has to be more and more difficult for those who come to a virgin point. In Steve Carell's first successful screen, he plays a man who has reached 40 without succeeding. We deal with countless sex and sex-related incidents, not to mention more profanely than a "Eurotrash" episode, the general plot of the movie and its principle does not sound funny. It is a pleasant surprise, therefore, for all the inappropriate and unsuccessful jokes, there are an incredibly large number of people who hit the mark and leave the audience in hysteria. Andy Stitzer (Carell) is a good guy with a good job and a pleasant temperament. At the same time, however, he takes his life seriously, and after being invited to a poker game as the fifth necessary member, Andy's friends discover his secret. At the age of 40, Andy is still a virgin. Now, for several reasons, but especially pity, the three men (Paul Rudd, Seth Rogen and Romany Malco) offer Andy consulting with one purpose in mind. Let's get him out of his mess and get him down. One of the few good things about Anchorman was just a matter of time before Steve Carell became his own ruler. Impressive in the "40-year-old virgin" does not disappoint. Showing hopeless virginity, shy to perfection, Carell is a revelation as he gradually becomes more and more confident as the counsel begins to help. Carell is not alone in his performance. Rudd, Rogen, Malco and Catherine Keener as love interest are gorgeous. Rudd is a personal favorite as the sick love David, who breaks up many times and shares the best scene with Rogen, while the two support homosexuality. The biggest surprise about this film is not how many of the jokes hit the mark, but actually the clever way in which he throws the message on his head. Obviously conceived for conservative America, the whole tone of the film evolves from a simple story of sexual conquest into a safe sex and abstinence. Virgine does not need sex to make her full life; she needs only true love and love. A message worthy of preaching and a considerable improvement over what you expect to see at the beginning of the movie. It is strange to see a brutal comedy that is constantly fun and well-behaved, here, "The 40-year-old Virgo" is precisely that. Drop in a good message and understand and you are well on the way to a first-class comedy. A surprising joy.
