As we all know, the sex comedy sub-genre is quite crowded. Simply excessive harm is not enough. I have seen and heard so many jokes and disgusting actions that a sexual comedy must have other positive points to appeal to them these days. Come to Virgo for 40 years, I actually knew what to expect; I've seen the ads after all; "Is it true that if you do not use it, will you lose it?" What I did not expect to find is a heart and honest attempts to develop character. Still the weird characters we see so much in Adam Sandler's films and there is still a bad language to sink Noah's ark, but somehow the movie has a valuable love story and even a message. <br /> The main character Andy is (unfortunately, for me) a person I can relate to. In the first shot I see that he even shares my love for Mystery Science Theater 3000 (he has a poster for the film on his wall) and during the movie we get to see his really well-crafted collection of antiques. Andy also has a lot of video games and a practical knowledge of movies and technology. Andy does not want to buy a car because he prefers his bike. The most important of all; Andy is a pretty person, does not swear and respects women so much that they stay away from them. Combine all these factors and everyone starts to think he's a serial killer. It's like my life story. The other characters have some fun stories to go along with their little exaggerated personalities and all work at a certain level, but not as Andy does. I felt it was kind of a distraction in a way, because Andy and Trish's friend are really the only truly human characters in the whole movie. I suppose that, since I mentioned a defect, I could also bring others visible to the light. The story is smart, but it is too predictable in terms of romance; is quite simple. She's dealing with Andy's relationship with Trish for a long time and we all know what will happen eventually. Of course his final round is a bit different from what we can expect, but you know what will happen in the end and assure you he does. These are certainly small spots on the film, but they are so good here that they can easily ignore some flaws. When I say "good" I mean "bad", of course. This is a sexual comedy and wants to be bad. For the most part, I think he did. There are so many hilarious scenes, such as Andy trying to get rid of an erection after refusing to have sex with Trish. Or the scene where Andy goes with Trish's daughter to a sex education class, where he ends up asking more questions than anyone else. Ah and we should not soon forget to be the classical wax sequence "Ooh! Como lame!" An interesting note about this scene; actor Steve Carell actually has to ask for his belly and the pain shown is real. Of course they did only one thing, but it was still a very courageous thing to do on his part. Actually, since we're talking about Steve Carell, I'd like to say that he's grown up now on my respected comedian list, which is kind of weird, because I did not even know who she was before watching this movie. I was so impressed with the writing, action, and timing that I now want to watch for her future roles. This man has the talent that Virgin Virgin for 40 years proves this. To be honest I had doubts about this movie, but the early word was positive and I knew it was something I was finally going to see. I'm glad I did, because it's probably one of the funniest movies I've seen for a long time and doubles as something you feel worth watching. It's not just a series of tight sex bands together, but rather a series of sex ghosts surrounded by a very valuable character and a really moving story of love. Now excuse me as I give my courage; I can not believe I just wrote this ... My Frider Waves review: http://friderwaves.com/index.php?page=virgin
