The 40-year-old virgin is not just the fact that Andy Stitzer is a 40-year-old virgin, but rather how he portrays Steve Carell as one. In a kind of "comedy" wine cellar that has become typical of the lack of humor and employing characters, 40-year-old Virgin offers a colorful cast and a smart, sincere script that does not use its protagonist as a head-to-head of raw jokes. That Andy is still a virgin at the age of forty years is not as much a joke in fact because it's a curiosity. Carell, a veteran of the Ferrell team in Anchorman and an ex-Daily Showmember, uses the film concept to expand his character? we understand why Andy is the way he is. There are small things that make this movie work. When Andy's colleague at an electronics store asks him what he did for the weekend, Andy describes his failed efforts to cook. When Andy rides a bicycle to work, he signals his return. Does he not just decorate them at home with action figures? painting them and talking to them and showing that some of the very old ones have been in their childhood. A smaller comedy would not even begin to focus on all these things. Is the land quite simplistic? Friends of Andy's colleagues find out that he never did sex and that they are doing a personal search for them to take to bed with a woman. It's a childish idea, and the film makes no attempt to hide its minority. Andy's friends are a complement to his neurotic nature: David (Paul Rudd) has separated from his girlfriend for over two years but is still obsessed with her, Jay (Romany Malco) is a female female and Cal (Seth Rogen) is a sex-tattooed sex. Their attempts to get Andy into the backfire bag several times, and each time Andy leaves feeling less and less optimistic. Eventually Andy meets the only mom Trish (played by Catherine Keener), and, much to the worry of his worrying friends who claim that mothers do not deserve, she falls in love with her. Do they start a relationship and agree to give up sex for twenty days? Trish is unaware that Andy is still a virgin. The 40-year-old Virgo was directed by Judd Apatow, the man who produced Anchorman and The Cable Guy, and began the short-dated worship show of Strange and Negle. Apatow is renowned for its unique sense of humor, and the script? co-written by Carell? offers a lot. However, in the end, the most interesting and (indeed surprising) aspect of the 40-year-old Virgin is its maturity. So far, you probably know very well that the movie received brilliant reviews from critics and I was even surprised by the warm reception. But after seeing the movie, it's easy to understand why. We love Andy. He cares about him. Is not that just a kind of sex-cliché clip art? is a true, living and breathing person. His neurotic features combine the best of Woody Allen and childish naivety. His friends are not wicked, and his romance is tumultuous and sweet. It gets a string with the audience. Although this is far from being a perfect film and certainly contains a rather brutal suggestion and sexual humor, they do not offend to the extent that they might have other sex entrances because we have affection for people on the screen. The best sex comedy works this way? from Business Risky to American Pie ?? and this is the major difference between something like Virgo 40 years and 40 days and 40 nights.
