Okay, here's the deal: if you're slightly offended, then you could stay away, far from it. There are some painful funny moments in the movie, but I probably just reddish about as much as I laughed. Actually, I probably got more reddish than I laughed. And if I was not literally clogged outdoors, then I was black inside. If there is absolutely nothing in this movie that makes you laugh, then you simply have no shame. Whether it's a badge of honor or not in the eyes of the viewer, I think I will not deny that I laughed quite a bit, but this is a movie that I simply can not give a blanket recommendation because of its object. If I said, "This movie is hilarious, go and see!" and some sweet, old, old church, heading for the theater and having a heart attack during one of the graphically explicit sex situations, well, that's something I do not need my conscience. <br /> <br /> So how bad? Hmm, try about 100 times worse than The Nesting Crashers. Sincere. My mother would have gone out during the first scene. I feel it is my duty to warn you at least about what to expect. There's a smart comedy here, but that's what I expect from the man (Judd Apatow) who had a hand both Freaks and Geeks and Undeclared. They are all for fun with Michael McDonald; the only man whose hair and beard are white enough to give Kenny Rogers a run for his money. Paul Rudd, proclaiming, "If I hear Ya Mo Be There, once again YOU burn this place downstairs," it's hilarious, but it's one of those things that most audiences will not appreciate. <br /> <br /> And when we see Steve Carrell's 3-second fast moment playing Cameo's Word Up, I laughed well two minutes after the joke ended, while most of the giggle and then they forget about it. > <br /> Very strange, despite the fact that there is an admirable moral for the story. The film does not describe Carrell as a strange loser just because he is a virgin. He is indeed portrayed as a pleasant, admirable character. Sure, it's a little weird. After all, he has an Asia-plated poster, "More Video Games than an Asian Child," and a collection of toys that present the Million Dollar Man's BOSS, but we are never convinced that there is nothing wrong with the fact that he is virgin. As strange as it may seem, it's a bit of a message "it's OK to wait." But man, man, please be warned that it pushes R rating so far as far as it can go. This was certainly Apatow's intention. According to him, he left only a few boys (especially Rogen and Malco) to engage and speak the way they normally speak, all in an effort to find a lot of new ways to be dirty. If you can handle this or you can talk like this, then you will love the movie. I am not a great fan of excessive profanity and sexual jokes. It seems to me that subtle, intelligent humor is much more fun than about 200 uses of f-word or fratboy sexual discussions. But it's me. As I said, there are some absolutely hysterical moments here, but you have to ask yourself if it's worth being in one of the most vulgar films you could ever see in the theater. I do not know how interested most women are in what is discussed by men while playing poker. Ladies sincerely, maybe you do not want to know. If you've ever been curious why some girls think guys are rude, well, this gives you a good idea. Here I am - amazing and sincere to get what I expect. Be your guide. Surely you should not be seen in Sunday School class, mother, grandmother, any family of opposite sex, children of any age or anyone who is slightly offended by excessive profanation or explicit sexual discussion. If you had seen it with any of the above, then you apparently have no concept of what it means to be uncomfortable.
