Something about the 40-year-old Virgo and the other summer comedy success, "Wedding Crashers," is similar, but there are two different films in some respects. Both are romantic comedies that have such a sensitivity above, the madness that keeps teens and boys aged 20, along with the usual dating crowd to watch the movies. Both have a formula for stories. But by the end of the 40-year-old Virgin, I think I was generally more satisfied than the Crashers. Although he can guess where the story of the relationship with Andy and Catherine Keener, Trish, by Steve Carrell is about to make sense, Crashers and the characters who lead and support are realistic , more rounded than most of the one-dimensional or inexplicable in the other. And perhaps it may also depend on how much you identify (or simply find weakness) in both. The thing is that some people can go to Virginia for 40 years who does not know Steve Carrell, as well as Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, because Carrell has built his cult status at The Daily Show (one of my favorite shows now) and in small but unforgettable roles in Anchorman and Bruce Almighty. This is his first major role, but he is not treated as a third-class vehicle. He and co-writer / director Judd Apatow treat Andy's character with a certain level of sincerity that keeps his audience all the way, even early, as he talks with his action figures while revisiting it. It's also a difficult line to go into the hands of the lessor who could not be more or less fun than Lickluster 40 days and 40 nights with Josh Hartnett (also about sexual dysfunction). As the title suggests, Andy is 40 years old, who is like a nice boyfriend with yet another small Pee-Wee Herman in it (opening up over his apartment's credits is hilarious, a good sign). So his friends (including Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, all the good comics films) are trying to develop different strategies and tips to finally break the curse of Andy's head to open cherry. talk. Almost becomes with a woman too drunk, almost arriving with a weird girl and almost with her boss (Jane Lynch, also very funny in mockumentaries) as a friend (explitive). But soon, everything starts to fade while he enters a significant relationship with Trish, working along the street. As it is based on a non-sex-based relationship, we may be concerned that the plot of "how to say so and so" might be in the way of comedy. It is not like that. In fact, if anything, Carrell and the distribution rely on it to a very high degree. For almost an hour and a half of the two-hour length of the film, there was not even a moment when I did not laugh, be it big or small. The big laugh, though it compensates not just for any formalities with the plot or one or two little stories (their colleagues have their own relationship problems, Rudd being the most funny). The big rivers happen because of Carrell's reactions and that the people around him can either sustain with their own humor / charm, whether they really are. Keener offers very good performance and makes it so that there is a true spirit of their relationship (and, like "Crashers," there are not so many things that do not make sense sense wise). For someone like me who loves him when a comedian can laugh just by looking at his face, Carrell gets big points here. And, as in the case of a Farrelly Brothers movie, the more strident or scandalous scenes are done with total absurdity; the "wax" scene (which was made real, by the way) and the musical number of the Aquarius to the end of the movie (as is the case at the beginning is a total, impetuous surprise). But if you are willing not to offend her, there is more to where she came from. This is one of the funniest movies of the year.
