In previews, "The 40-year-old Virgo" boasts the image of another immature sex about a lonely 40-year-old man who suddenly feels the need to do the deed simply because he did not . Too many previous bad experiences have diminished his enthusiasm to the point where he completely avoids women. And then it happens unexpectedly: he falls in love. Moreover, there is a movie about it and it's called "40-year-old Virgo." The Virgin of the title is Andy Stitzer (Steve Carell), who is 40 years old, working as an employee at an electronics store and collecting vintage action figures that are displayed throughout his beautiful bladder plaque so that everyone can see. He has a great home theater system and follows the "Survivor" with his two elderly neighbors. It's a pretty picturesque definition of the lonely guy who has to go longer and talk to more women. Now here is the true novelty with this image: it makes it impossible to actually deal with his subject in a nice and mature manner. This is a movie that could very easily have proven to be very different in the hands of a more transparent team of filmmakers. It could have gone down into endless sexual misfortunes and jokes, but, fortunately, this picture never meets so low. Of course there are sex jokes here and there, and even a few actors are heading to the homosexual community (which in no case is meant to be taken as gay-bashing), while two of the characters change insults to one another while playing video game ("Mortal Kombat: Deception", no less - testosterone fight for boys). As someone approaches 20 quickly, he collects the McFarlane Toys action figures and never did find this funny and moving film in a way that a movie with similar themes could never have been. I managed to refer to Andy Stitzer's character more than anyone in the theater because I was the only teenager present at this show; everyone else looked like they were all 40 years old. A little arrogant, I know, but you ("you" is italicized) can you still refer if you are the only teenager present on an afternoon visit of "The 40 Year Old Virgin"? Of course, Andy never sexed and wakes up daily with "the morning" (do not ask) and is pressured by his friends to try out unusual methods of attracting the opposite sex. When it was first discovered that Andy is a virgin at age 40, the three e-shop partners and colleagues, David (Paul Rudd), Jay (Romany Malco) and Cal (Seth Rogen) homosexual because he has never been with a woman who can not be further from the truth. The truth is that Andy loves women, but past traumatic experiences (hilariously revealed one after another in a retrospective sequence) have put him to the fore forever. David, Jay, and Cal a mission for Andy to be put, so help everyone. But you know that such escapades will only end in disaster, as it turned out once with Nicky (Leslie Mann) who puts Andy through the worst drunken driving experience, I think anyone who would not want to pass and has a pretty awful encounter with Beth (Elizabeth Banks), the pretty girl who works in the bookstore and is finally revealed to be a total sex son. Things are multiplying for Andy when he meets Trish (Catherine Keener), a friendly woman working at a store across the street selling things on eBay for people. Hmmm. And with that beautiful collection of action figures, you can think that it is finally waiting for a big financial payment, that is, if it can ever do the deed. is the sex I've been waiting for. She's dealing with a very real problem that probably has many boys alone, not that it's not wrong to be a virgin, but let's look at the overall picture: How many of us "Single Guys" want to be a lonely guy forever ? The important thing we have learned in this picture is that the lonely guy must be himself. I do not think he has to go through his body just like Andy does (what is divide to be honest, and according to this site and other news articles, it was actually real and the blood on Carell's shirt afterwards) <br /> <br /> "The 40-year-old Virgo" was directed by Judd Apatow and co-written by himself and Carell, who appeared as a sketch that he played Carell. Carell is sweet and humane because his character is not a guy approaching this with his eyes closed. This is probably one of the smartest romps I've ever seen and it's not offensive (a whole) because its characters are treated with dignity and respect. Even Carell's friends, who go through evil advice to cover their own relationship insecurity, can be tied to a fundamental level. The way Virginia is playing for 40 years is really fun at the end, but I'll leave it to you, the viewer, to notice. Surely, if someone can go through the things Andy has and still has to attract a woman as sexy as Catherine Keener, then it's true: it's never too late!
