I watched this movie three times. Last time, I continued to go over the confusing scenes to find the resolution for the plot. Perhaps the plot is not meant to stay together logically. Or perhaps these harsh spots are in plot, because Ann's remembrance of distant events is quite faulty. Take the young Ann Grant (Claire Danes). Here is a young woman who attended an anonymous college with wealthy family people. He must have been helped to allow this very expensive education, but never seems to have family ties. She never seems to have relatives to return to when the consequences of one of her disastrous decisions are going to happen. Ann shares an evening of passion with her great love Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson). Then, when Harris takes care of Lila after her brother Buddy's tragic death, Ann finds her suddenly repulsive and disgusted with her behavior. I must have lost something significant here. Ann's behavior seems inexplicable. Ann abandons her relationship with Harris and eventually marries one of the groomsmen at the Lila wedding. Despite Ann's rejection of Harris, she still has deep feelings for her on her deathbed. From his behavior it was obvious that Harris was deeply pricked by Ann and that he would have married her. A scene that had the opportunity to meet after years of Lily's wedding showed that Harris still had deep feelings for Ann. The film has shown a model for Ann's romantic relationships. She always fell down with her men and rejected them. This model took place with Harris and two spouses. Instead, Lila married a man she did not love and stayed with her husband until he died. Maybe Lila managed to build a relationship because she refused to let her marry fail. Then came Lilly Ross's reappearance on Ann's bed. Apparently Ann's assistant was able to extract enough information from Ann's last lucky moments to identify and contact Lila. None of these communications appeared on the film. I have always wondered about the house Anna had been living during her last days. How did he afford to buy such a house on the poor earnings of his career? Ann always seemed one step ahead of the financial disaster while raising her two daughters. On another level, I really enjoyed the movie and the music. The seaside mansion was so beautiful. Claire Danes was bright as young Ann Grant. She's really a talented singer. I prefer a lot of her natural brunette to the look of the blonde glass she had in the movie. If only those fireflies were lost, I could lift the movie to a point of my vote!
