The critique of EVENING, based on Susan Minot's novel and adapted for screen by Minot and Michael Cunningham, was harsh, so harsh that it discouraged many viewers from trying the movie. Primary criticism has focused on the fact that in this film little is happening about a dying woman who worries about a mistake made in a summer in her youth, that the famous actors have received very minor roles, that the whole production was above -high, etc. .Veress Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) dies in her ocean house, and her medications and memories allow her to share the name of a man - "Harris" - with her two daughters, Nina (Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). As her girls are at her bedside, Ann spends a special summer when she was a bridesmaid for her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) - a marriage to both Ann (Claire Danes, Ann Ann) and his alcoholic brother Lila Buddy (Hugh Dancy), feeling that Lila simply marries a man in her class instead of the boy she loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), the son of the housekeeper who had become a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann are woven together in a series of infatuations and novels that have been kept secret so far 50 years later when Ann dies. Old Lilia (Meryl Streep) visits Ann at the end of the year and secrets are revealed: "There are no things like mistakes - life goes on." The film is a delicate play, and the scenes from Minot and Cunningham are rich in the atmosphere and subtle life lessons. Yes, there are gaps in the story that could have used more explanations, but to keep the aura of nostalgia for the words of a dying lady, such "holes" are understandable. The film is appreciated by the presence not only of Redgrave, Richardson (true daughter of Redgrave), Collette, Gummer (Streep's true daughter), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson. assembly of short, but very solid performances. The setting is great (Gyula Pados' cinema), and the musical score is by the inimitable Jan A.P. Kaczmarek. Lajos Koltai ("Being Julia") directs. Judge this movie on its own ... Grady Harp
