If you can not enjoy a chicken move, stop right now. If, however, you enjoy movies that illustrate complex characters and give you extraordinary action, read on. Ann Grant The Lord dies. Her two daughters get to be near her bed. Ann begins to talk about people in her past that daughters do not know, and they wonder whether this lost knowledge is real or imagined. They come to realize that these people in their mother's past are really real. The story changes, in principle, between 1953 and 2000, with some glimpses of Ann's life between those years. In 1953, Ann met the love of her life and experienced the greatest tragedy of her life. One of the best college friends, Lila, is married. Ann's other best friend is Lily Brother Buddy. Lila and Buddy are the children of a rich family in Newport, while Ann is a cabaret singer who lives in Greenwich Village and who wants to be a free spirit but is still bound by many of the conventions of the 1950s. Shortly after Ann gets to honor the Lily wedding, meets the person who will become the key character in the life of the three - Harris. He is the son of an adult of a former family servant who grew up with Lila and Buddy and became a doctor in a small town in New England. Ann becomes in love with Harris, adding a complication to the fact that Lila has always been in love with Harris and continues to be. Buddy is also in love with Harris, but in 1953 he redirected Harris's homosexual desire to his good friend, Ann, because he can not admit he has a sexual desire for another man. Buddy exposes his inner frustration to the outside, being the alcoholic bad boy of the family - very much at the frightening of his very suitable and subdued parents. There is no need to say that all these are expressed and repressed emotions lead to tragedy - after all this, it is a chicken blow. At present, Ann's daughters have become distant from their mother and suffer their own lives and doubts. Constance works on emotional exhaustion, trying to maintain her role as perfect mother and wife. Nina, who has always felt inferior, can not maintain a relationship. Mix all these relationships in a period of fifty years, and you will have an intriguing look at society, its values, and its effects on the personalities and actions of those involved. All those who act in Evening are excellent, but there are some extraordinary shows and scenes - along with two unique family relationships - that make this movie so very, very special. Claire Danes plays the 1950s, and she does it in a style that clearly shows a smart woman of those times who is in conflict with what she should do, unlike what she wants to do. Its performance is not easy to forget. Vanessa Redgrave plays the role of Ann's mind, whose mind is changing from the present, in the past, to fantasy flights, and, of course, Redgrave takes it entirely in sterling style. <br /> <br /> Natasha Richardson - Real Redgrave's Daughter - plays Ann's Constance's daughter in the movie. The scenes between this mother and the real-life daughter, who play mother and daughter fictional, are a smart pursuit of pursuit. Toni Collette plays another daughter of Ann, Nina. Nina spends much of her depressed time and feels bad for her while she closes a good man who loves her as well as her mother and sister. Collette is perfect for such a play, but I have never seen it as a bad or unbelievable performance no matter what role it plays. Mamie Gummer plays Lila in the 1950s and shows us a much more conflicting woman than her good friend, Ann. She is very good. Meryl Streep - Gummer's mother - plays Lila today. What is to say about Meryl Streep, otherwise than she always gives a performance full of comprehension and satisfaction. Director Lajos Koltai says in the DVD that he has been looking for Glenn Close to play the relatively small part of Lily's mother because she felt she was the only actress she could think of playing on stage. He was certainly right, and Close's performance in that single scene swallows him in his mind. All the other scenes where Close is Lila's mother most appropriate, and you'll get another treasure performance. There are three other scenes in the movie, combined with the closure described above, which make the whole movie worth watching. On Anniversary Day, Ann enters her room and crawls in bed with her girlfriend to discuss Lily's mistakes about her future wedding with a man she does not love clearly. This scene is repeated fifty years later when Lila comes and crawls in bed with her dying girlfriend, Ann, to talk about the lives they've lived. In this scene, Streep and Redgrave are enthusiastic. The other memorable scene - at least for me - is when Buddy declares his love for Ann. Hugh Dancy as Buddy gives us an unimaginable interpretation of a young man broken by his conflicting sexual feelings. Its performance is superior. <br /> <br /> Flick chick? Yes. A very special movie with incredible acting, direction and scenery? Categorical. I can not recommend tonight too much.
