So many wonderful actresses in a movie serve as a practical invitation to the local cinema house, so I responded appropriately. Here are some remarks .. Vanessa Redgrave is great even while in bed. It also looks very old and I do not think this is done with much makeup, which is a good thing for the film but a sad thing for new cinemas. I think her aging has become rough in recent years. Claire Danes continues to return to the movies and exudes a clear warmth. The likeness of Mamie Gummer to her mother, Merly Streep, both in terms of physical appearance and acting style, is so striking that I lost focus in the film for a few minutes after her entry. It's surprisingly good; however, such a likeness has the danger of working against her favor. I agree with an earlier comment: Natasha Richardson certainly had a plastic work done in front of her. Of course, it does not look like I remember previous movies (for example, "Nell"). Both she and Toni Collette, unfortunately, do not make much of a partial impression because they do not seem convincing as sisters. Their interest is weak. Toni Collette is also too old for her character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep were supposed to have more time on the screen. Streep's performance is actually more than just a cameo. Her scenes, on the other hand, have a higher emotional resonance than the rest of the film. Eileen Atkins offers a welcome spring spirit, especially in his second role, as a nightly companion to Redgrave's character. As for men; Hugh Dancy inspires the film considerably, even if it performs more than necessary. In fact, as soon as he left the story, he starts shooting. He is also confident that he manages to create the exact sense of boy charm on the subject. Patrick Wilson, on the other hand, is a complete void in the center of the film. He also has the misfortune that the script is not enough to explain why three people (one of them a man) are so much beaten by this man. Switching to this should have developed more. The cinema is excellent as expected. However, the main set of summer houses failed to convince me. It does not look natural on the top of the rocky hill, especially with the grass patches of the front. A little bit of cardboard. Generally, the film is a class production, but a sentiment that was seen all the way, crying all the way, passed over me for most of the time, and therefore failed to make that kind of impact on I've been waiting for her from a tearjerker. However, she still managed to make me think about the passage of time, the expectations of life, and the extent to which they are fulfilled or not. It's worth trying at least on DVDs if not movies ...
