After watching the Evening Trailer, you'll probably first think about how much distribution is involved (that's Rocky Horror's Brad, Barry Bostwick, to show the world he's acting on), and the next second about as the whole movie showed us. Although not entirely true, the movie is pretty good in the trailer, and that's not necessarily a bad thing. This is a story about a dying woman who remembers a long time ago when she met the love of her life - the one that vanished. Her women heard her remembering people they had never heard of and the story of what happened when Harry and Harris died. Whatever happens, the film does not refer to these people and what they do, good or bad. It's a vehicle that shows there are no mistakes in life. What may be regretting may be, in fact, the only instance in your life that should take place for the good times to ever happen. The story itself is well said and obviously adapted from literature. Our producers here decides to tell the story by interconnecting the present (Ann on her deathbed), the dream (Ann hallucinating by combining her present with the past in her mind) and the past (Ann encounter Harris at the wedding of her best friend Hers). There are several times where the cuts are a bit abrupt, and the progress of the past is so good you can find things a bit longwinded and boring, but generally it is manipulated better than at the beginning of thinking. It's not like Ann's life is now uninteresting, it's just about to do with the plot, then it's done with the morale taught. While agreeing that parallels with the past mitigate the problems for Ann's children at present, I was still a bit too dressed in the wedding to care how much I should have had. There are some beautiful moments, though, for example, the accident that awakens Ann from sleep being mirrored later, and the cryptic dreams that unites both worlds together. It is the act that makes charming and fluid flashbacks. These performances are completely ripped to the point where you feel upset when our time has changed and we have to wait to find out what's going on. No matter how annoying they find Claire Danes's angry / sad / crying face that exists in every role she plays, the girl is good at what she does. I find myself increasingly warmed up to her talents, and this only increases thawing. Patrick Wilson is always great in everything I've seen. You have to give it credit because you chose very fantastic roles and you never make more than one movie a year. From the Angels of America to the Children of Last Year, the guy will explode soon, but hopefully he will remain true to the craft and will not get cash-in. Heck even Mamie Gummer is good as the younger version of her real mother Meryl Streep, (which is surprisingly in the very little film). She is still tough around the edges, but she was awesome to express her emotional turbulence that her character passes through her wedding day. True revelation, however, is Hugh Dancy. I feel I've seen it in many things, but it actually only seems to King Arthur. Dancy steals literally every scene he is in and how his Buddy role is devastated by love / alcohol / life is engraved in his facial expressions throughout his whole. Without its performance, the retrospective sequences could have fallen into the category somewhat forgetful as the rest of the film and would have made the overall experience worse. While it was not completely original in the way the writers are after, Evening brings the intelligence and the craft to the table. You may be able to make mistakes about the length and amount of cut scenes to bind them together, but you can not claim that it is not worth attaching to acting. Perhaps a movie version of the wedding might have been something to see, though when put together, there might be something to come out of it that could not have been obtained without all the other strands of the story. Anyway, payment is worth walking for the most part and each reality plan ends with its own subtle beauty and lives up to what came before it.
