In the evening of Lajos Koltai, a woman on the deathbed asks for a figure that appears in her hallucination: "Can you tell me where my life went?" The line might be embarrassing, but the woman who talks to her is Vanessa Redgrave, offering her with absolute simplicity, and the question is breaking your heart. From time to time, the film based on the sketches of Susan Minot's novel, sentimentalism and habit, has a special attention, it offers admirable performances and generates emotional involvement as few recent movies have. Only six months ago, there are now two memorable, significant, valuable films in theaters, the other, of course, being Sara Polley "Away from Her". Hollywood would have transformed Evening into a famous vehicle with two pairs of real-life mothers and daughters - Vanessa Redgrave and Natasha Richardson, Meryl Streep and Mamie Gummer. Richardson is Redgrave's daughter in the film (with a sister played by Tony Collette), and Gummer plays Streep's sentimental role, while Redgrave's younger incarnation is Claire Danes. Add Glenn Close, Eileen Atkins, Hugh Dancy, Patrick Wilson and a big cast-yes, it could have turned into a multi-star platform. Instead, Koltai - the brilliant Hungarian cinema of "Mephisto" and the director of "Fateless" - created a subtle work with the "Continental feel" ensemble, the story unfolding in a Newport environment in the high society in the days that led a busty wedding. Lost connections, wrong choices, and proper respect for social and family pressures show a soap opera, but the quality of writing, the direction of Koltai and the altruistic growth "Evening" above this level in the rarified air of the English, French (and some American) from a century before its contemporary establishment. Complex relationships between mothers and daughters, between friends and lovers, with the addition of a difficult triangle, all meet clearly, comprehensively, captivatingly. The individual songs are woven into a symphony. However, with all the above-mentioned emphasis on altruistic performance and performance, Evening stars still shine through Redgrave, Richardson, Gummer (a new interesting breakthrough, showing vaguely like her mother but a very different actress) the Danish carrying most of the cargo - until Streep appears in the final moments and, of course, steals the show. Dancy and Wilson are well worth the admission. As with "Away from Her," "Evening" stays with you for a long time, inviting a re-thinking of story and character, living the emotions it raises. At two hours, the movie has a long duration, but the way it stays with you afterwards is welcome among many films that cool long before popcorn.
