Evening is the beautiful story of a mother's erroneous love. The movie is divided in time, magically shot, amazingly actionable and has a touch screen. Vanessa Redgrave plays Anne Grant Lord, a woman who is no longer alive. Stretching in her bed, the mind remembers and wanders, remembers the first mistake. Claire Danes interprets young Anne, giving a young vitality to the colorful woman. Daughters Nina (Toni Collette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) are trying to decipher the real story of the daunting dementia. Her first mistake revolves around Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson); her best friend, Lila (Mamie Gummer), deeply loved. Daughters must conform to their mother's past and future. The distribution is brilliant in the evening. The collective energy acting in this film could have propelled the equipment to produce the entire film. I'm glad to see Claire Danes working again, especially in this role. She is so young and alive, fully living the joys, mistakes and suffering of young Anne's first mistake. This is a real thing when you realize that a woman plays, she dies in bed. When her life overwhelms her, she feels the desire to break her hopeless hope that she will not. Some of her facial expressions had terrified me a little, but her show was so radiant all over her, I was left with this only as a side note. Toni Collette continues to demonstrate that you can be a powerful actress without being a super model. She plays the black sheep of the family; a little lost. Nina finds great power in her mother's fault. Collette deliberately avoids the creation of a cruel character who enjoys the mistakes of his mother, instead chooses the wiser way to learn from his mother's mistakes. There are a lot of fights between Nina and her sister Constance. Their fighting reminds me of what I have with my sister all the time. Mamie Gummer, who plays Anne's best friend, is great. Her character is stuck between her heart and her status in society. Even when she cries and her heart breaks, she is incredibly royal and charming. I can not wait to see her acting in something else in the future. Vanessa Redgrave's performance is very difficult for me to describe. Her talent in making her mental state ambiguous without being a wacko or even especially tragic is why she is so strong. The audience does not know if he's doing the story because he's slipping or if these events really happened. From a physical and emotional point of view, Redgrave acts in a box. Not too much physical space and limited emotional limits could have been a stunner for a smaller actress, but it makes the limitations work for her. I was constantly amazed. The film is definitely oriented towards women, but the men in the film are not just accessories. Patrick Wilson is fascinating as Harris. No wonder everyone in the movie is in love with him, of course I was. Buddy Wittenborn is Lily's brother, who is spiraling. Hugh Dancy whispered Buddy out of control without sending him into the channel. Glen Close has my favorite scene in the movie. He reminded me of the famous scene in Monster's Ball. It is terrible and the pain that falls out of the mouth. I was completely amazed. The only disappointment was Natasha Richardson. While her battle scenes were memorable, most of it had a melodramatic effect. He should have taken an acting bath before he had to breathe the smell. It's a good thing she was not responsible for the visuals. The visuals of the film are sparkling. The Gyula Pados Cinema could not make a movie richer in color, a light so perfectly adapted to mood and emotion. The visual concepts of the back sequences are strong and resonant. There were many scenes that could have been stopped, printed, mounted, and sold as art. I admit, I cried. Evening is a powerful movie. The evening is an angry fugue, but a very big chicken shot. If you want to impress a woman with a choice of film, choose Evening.
