I caught Evening in the cinema with a lady friend. Evening is an apology for aphorisms to be so, but I can say with some relief that it is not so infused with estrogen that it is painful for a red-blooded man to look. With the exception of one instance at the end of the movie, I watched with interest and did not have to go back or change my self-indulgent melodrama. God, in turn, will love this movie. Ann Lord is elderly, bed-ridden and spend her last days on Earth as comfortable as possible in her house with two daughters raised at her side. Disenchanted with the memories of her past, Ann suddenly calls out the name of the man her daughters have never heard before: Harris. While both of her daughters contemplate silently the significance of their mother's strong desire to remember and redress their evil business with this mysterious man at this time, Ann lost her head the day she met with Harris - so he lost the youthful optimism for the future, which we all inevitably shared our ways. Both Ann and her two daughters - one married to children, one seriously "commitcombe" - are struggling with the central question of whether real love really exists, and perhaps more important, if true love can stand the test of time. Are we all on a single day to realize that love never lasts forever? Will we all realize that solving for imperfect is the only realistic result? The subtle fact that Ann is still in battle with an answer to these questions on her deathbed is not lost on her two daughters. The movie for Evening is interesting - most of the film is spent in Ann's mind as it remembers the past, and for this reason I think the movie was shot as if deliberately overexposed to give everyone an ethereal glow (and so make it very obvious that all this is not real, past). Claire Danes is beautiful (it appears to be really tall, though only 5 '5 "in reality) and is absolutely engrossing in a climatic scene where her singing talents are finally under test. <br /> <br /> You can not really talk about garbage that goes with Claire Danes and does not leave: Vanessa Redgrave, Patrick Wilson, Meryl Streep and Glenn Close complete the other major and minor roles of the movie. I can say nothing negative about this film, although Hugh Dancy's struggle to pull out the character from a single dimension is ultimately a total loss playing the kidnapped chickens of the rich obscen who poses a big bravado front, but it is fearingly secretly rigid not to rise to anything, probably does not offer too much to explore the character - he had his orders and stayed with them. / / Finally, gentlemen, your lady friend certainly will weep and cry While they probably do not feel nearly as affected, the evening will certainly not be a waste of time spent watching Evening. Grab it in theaters or take it as a tenant to change points when you want to be seen watching Die Hard 4 or the next Rambo movie. It will be your little secret that this view did not cost you much.
