Since we started reading the book on which this film is based, I have mixed feelings about the film. I learned a while ago to see the adaptation of the movie of a book before reading the book, because I found that if I read the first book I was inevitably disappointed with the film. This would undoubtedly have been true here, while the atonement, which is probably the best film adaptation of a book I've ever seen, probably did not matter. to figure out what's going on, and I guess I have to turn my hand to Michael Cunningham. As far as I'm concerned, how long for The Hours (which I have not read but which I have seen and that I have endeared) can not escape the feeling that he has not adapted his book so much Susan Minton as he took some of the characters and the basic premise and writes his own movie from him. It's not that I do not like the movie. I like the movie, so, since I started reading the novel, I feel disturbed. I feel unfaithful to Mrs. Minton because I enjoyed the film that was so far a departure from her work. Reading it, I understand why he had such a struggle to adapt it. Unlike what a movie commentator said, there is not so much that some novels do not deserve to be a movie; it is more like some books simply can not make the transition. Mr. Minton's dance operates at such a personal and intimate level with his central character, both internally, that it seems impossible to put him in a physical field. Even if a lot of book is the memory of real events, it is memory, and so fragmented and ethereal to be, feel, not filming. I think Mrs. Minton's work is a real work of literature, but she can not make the transition to film, which does not affect her value in any way. I can not yet report that Evening does not represent Evening, the novel, in the least superficial way, since it's only half way, but the original should make a huge leap to resemble the movie that is going on right now. I think I'm writing this because I feel that if you want to adapt a novel, adapt it, but do nothing but do it. I'm not sure if Michael Cunningham did anything original, but from what I see so far, the things he's done are all based on someone else's work. It would not have been The Hours if Virginia Woolf had not written Mrs. Dalloway and would not have had the Evening in her troubled form if Susan Minton had not had so many problems in doing what you probably should not have tried it first. But it is too much to say that it would be better if Mrs. Minton had left alone alone, because Evening, the film, is a satisfying and beautiful work of its own. So my confusion, mixed feelings, feelings of disloyalty, and the final conclusion that in this case the novel can not be the film and vice versa, and my possible gratitude to both writers for doing what they did to have both works are.
