The first "side story" in the Universe universe Gundam of the universe century presents a new reviving perspective on the war between the earth and the space colonies. There is no focus on a small group of individuals who would play more central roles in the conflict but on the everyday civilian population and how war is seen through their eyes. contains a few Gundam staples, the premise being the attempts of a ZEON group to capture an experimental Gundam, but the execution of the plot that made this show so interesting to watch. This series focuses on the experiences of a boy named Alfred and the relationship between his neighbor, Christina Mckenzie, who is secretly a Federation pilot and a Zeon pilot pilot named Bernie Wiseman. Alfred develops a kind of "brotherly love" for Bernie, while our young Zeon pilot falls for Christina. The "Pocket War" proves that you do not need an epic story about the special individuals who make up for a good war story. There are no uber six pilots or large-scale fleet fights to be seen here. This short 6-episode OVA episode focuses much more on the drama of emotional characters on other themes like politics or philosophy, and I like how realistic the characters were portrayed. Alfred is your daily child who plays violent computer games and thinks the armed forces are cold. He then receives a course of crash into the horrible realities of the war. It is unlikely that the friendship and connection between Bernie and Christina, each ignoring the fact that they are soldiers on different parts of the war, plays very real without crossing the lines of love. The same goes for the relationship between Alfred and Bernie. Having said that, I would not want to ruin the story too much, but it does a lot more heart to follow the tragedies that take place while the show goes to its emotionally devastating end. <br /> <br /> Despite the lack of action, this show never falls into the "boring" category. The characters are precisely those who engage enough to wear the whole show. Do not worry, because there are a number of action scenes for mobile costumes scattered here and there. Everyone is beautifully animated at a level that surpasses that of an OVA and is sure to satisfy the desire for "mandatory" battles for mobile outfits in a Gundam series. <br /> <br /> Normally I look at anime in Japanese or English, would leave it to personal preferences. But in this case, I strongly recommend the English voice over the Japanese one. Not only are the characters all Caucasian, except Alfred, they sound more credible in English, but the performance of the English voice is on their feet and even surpasses the Japanese, inspiring each character with emotions and intonations so realistic that it just sounds like acting in some live action drama. <br /> <br /> In short, this show does not try to impress the audience. What he does is to convey numerous exciting themes that have hit the closest to the house, especially the death of innocence on the battlefield and the horrors of war through the eyes of a child. A small story that really moves and deserves more credit than it is given.
