This is a complex film exploring the effects of Fordist and Taylor's modes of capitalist industrial production on human relationships. There are constant references to the production of assembly lines, where workers are treated like knives in a car, supervised by managers using clipboards, controlling how much hair left by exposed workers and workers (Stanley) who meet all the criteria (after as their supervisor says, they are always on time, they are heavy workers, they do a good job) but who, in an unspecified future, can make a mistake. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families - Stanley has to send his father to a nursing home (where he dies quickly) after Stanley loses his job. Iris's daughter is a teenage mother who comes out of high school to take a job in the factory. Referring to the fact that now, with the drop in wages, both partners have to work, the involvement being that no one stays home to take care of the children. Iris's husband is dead of a disease, and with the multiple references in the movie about health care costs, the spectator has to wonder if he could have been living better and more costly. Iris's brother becomes abusive after another failed day at the unemployment office when his wife calls out to buy a beer with her savings instead of leaving him for the lifting of her face and / or teeth (even the class working without a stake in conventional bourgeois notions of perfection and beauty bought in them). The only reference to the breed in the film is through a black line worker in the factory, whose husband is in prison (probably black, and black men suffer disproportionately high incarceration rates). She notes that she, like her, "makes time" - her family is composed of a prisoner and a slave. Stanley, however, still believes in human relationships and therefore is for most of the film outside the fordist capitalist system. He cares about his father, despite the fact that this was his father's work that led to his illiteracy - has not yet reduced human relations with a purely instrumental contract, as Brother Iris does (suggesting he "married his sister wrong "). He does not say, as Iris says, that he conforms to everyone else's work-eating-sleep routine; Rather, he uses industrial technology and techniques in an artisanal and creative way, in a kind of Bauhaus ideal. This was the dream of the early 1920s and socialists of the 1920s (such as Bauhaus) - to use technology to provide all the basic needs, allowing more free time for creative human work and more complete human relationships. He is also outside traditional gender relations. He cooks, cleanses, cares about his family, and knows how to smell. Iris, on the other hand, lives in a traditional male role - she is a factory worker, the main source of income for her (extended) family, and she brings Stanley into the public domain, traditionally out of bounds for women . Teaching him to read and write gives him access to the world of knowledge, also traditionally the masculine. Literacy here is used as a metaphor for the public domain (traditional masculine) and the systems (monetary, vehicle, cultural) that allow participation in the public domain. Without this access, Stanley is feminized - the jobs that are open to her are cooked and cleaned. He is excluded from all normal movements, can not participate in the coin (can not open a bank account) in the vehicle (can not get a driving license, can not travel by bus) and in society he asks if there is one he can not write name). After learning to read, he grasps books about auto repair, agriculture and spirituality (the Bible). The word of God is therefore relativized, placed on the same value plan as the books. In fact, organized religion in general is only very occasionally present - the Bible also appears on a gown like trays to find Stanley and Iris doing sex. It is, however, recognized as a moral force - Iris, clearly a character dedicated to experiencing a "good" life, mentions at the beginning of the film that her rosary was among the items lost in a purse shot. <br /> <After being able to read, he enters the system and occupies a managerial position with a health care plan, a car and a home, taking the lead in the family, the family supporter. Probably he is an industrial designer, dreaming of products that will require others to withstand the stupidity of the assembly line to produce. This end, probably the only conventional Hollywood film, is so inconsistent with everything that came up before I even ask myself if he was not forced into a studio studio suddenly worried about the lack of an end common sense and its potential effect on the bottom line. Now that, according to the experts, we have moved comfortably into postindustrial capitalism, the film also has a slightly nostalgic feel, as if we needed the historic distance to really analyze what happened at that time. <br /> <br /> However, it is highly recommended - at least if you want to exercise your brain. Do not consider the end and is close to a perfect 10.
