My dog ​​recently died, and this was a movie I loved like a kid, so I had to see him to try to cheer up. (Beware of the dog, I mean Spoilers.) This movie is not just for kids and it's far from ordinary. It was established in New Orleans in 1939. First, the dog was not portrayed as an extra family member in this film, but as an adult with his own complicated life to cope. Charlie is no different from his dishonest and brutal business partner, Carface. He is money-driven, greedy, and has just escaped death, as he says at the beginning of the feature. The difference between Charlie and Carface is that Charlie can learn and is willing to listen to others; Anne Marie and his friend, Itchy. Carface will not even listen to the fat dog, ugly with the big glasses that happen to be closest to him. Carface tries to kill the hero because he wants 100% of his business profits and will not only solve 50% - a very unusual way to die a mixture of German shepherd. Also being eaten by an alligator of prehistoric dimensions that ends up saving your life because you can sing is very unlikely if you are a dog or not. This is a cartoon and that's why it's logical here. Carface's method of revenge is through murder, while Charlie believes that success is the best vengeance, financial success that is. After he died, he started a business by taking Carface's financing source, a very talented girl who has the ability to communicate with the animals. Win a bunch of races, and Charlie tells him he'll give the money to the poor - a hint of allusion: Charlie and Itchy live in a junkyard and therefore are poor. He uses the money for the casino / bar / theater, and not for the other "poor". The reason why Anne Marie has the ability to talk to animals is that she has compassion and listens carefully. She teaches Charlie's ethics, showing her gambling, lying and theft. Charlie tries to make a profit by buying her dresses. She added the ethics that her business needs, while Charlie has led, and Itchy has been building. Carface uses violence and material damage to destroy Charlie's business, which is unprotected by the government. Charlie loses everything and all he has left is this little girl. Eventually she had to choose between her life and her own life. She first takes her self-conserving clock and puts her down when the girl begins to sink. Both the little girl and the clock sank, and he had to choose which of them also chose the girl. The big part about this film that focuses on a person's ability to learn even wrong in time and the ability of a child to cope with the natural appearance of their animal's death is that he never shows that someone is dying! The clock symbolizes his life and the clock is shown to be submerged and stopped. All deaths were suggestive, even for the worse. I have not cried in this movie until now, and I've gotten so much out of it that I had to write it and share it with you.
