All Dog's Go to Heaven is a movie of an animated kid like no one else. Gambling, drinking, death, weapons and hell are all prominent in the plot, and although the children will get very few, adults will scratch their heads for why this movie has been made to feel like a kind of gangster film. The current movie is not explicit in any way, it's just a strange combination to make a baby movie on. Charlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) is a player dog who owns half a casino with his partner Carface (Vic Tayback). After he gets drunk (a dog ... he gets drunk ... in a child's movie, it sounds strange.) Charlie is deceived and killed by Carfax. When he is in heaven, he finds a way to return to Earth, but will no longer be allowed in the heavens. He continues to return to Earth and meets his old friend, Itchy (Dom Deluise), and plans Carfax's damping. Meanwhile, Carfax has a little orphan little girl, Anne Marie, in captivity because of his amazing ability to talk with all animal species, which helps predict the race. Charlie and Itchy frees her and tries to help her find a family while learning a lot about themselves. This film is one of the few non-Disney to appeal to both children and adults. Children will enjoy fun and animated characters, while adults will enjoy the cute, sweet plot and characters developed more than normal. One thing that keeps this is that it's a musical. Normally, it's a good thing, but the music here is frankly terrible. They tend to jump around, almost probing ad libbed without having any instrumental support. In fact, these are probably the worst songs I've ever heard in an animated movie, but fortunately, the rest of the movie is strong enough that it does not fall apart because of bad grades. of this movie works, but I really hate it. It's sad, but happy, but sadder than happy and makes the movie look like it needs a sequel. Considering how bad the continuation of this situation is, I wish that the conclusion would not warrant a continuation and that it would have ended a beautiful, happy ending. This is one of the few movies I feel like, but I do that. Generally, this is a beautiful family movie, with strange thrown threads but still good fun. <br /> <br /> My rating: *** of ****. 85 minutes. G.
