I love all the dogs go to heaven, even if I'm a guy. It and the Land Before Time are the best animated movies that Don Bluth has done! In the film Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) is helped by his friend, Itchy (Dom DeLuise), Liberty of the Pound in New Orleans 1939. Charlie, who is in casino business wants to share with his partner Carface (Vic Tayback). Carface, who does not want to share his draw with Charlie pushes a car on a bridge on Charlie killing him! Charlie enters the sky and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore) who tells Charlie that his time is up, showing him a watch that has stopped and she explains that all dogs go to Heaven because all the dogs are in naturally good! Charlie hides the stop watch behind him and turns it back and returns to Earth alive with Annabelle screaming that you can never come back! Charlie reunites with Itchy and is leaving and exploring soon to find out that Carface not only tried to kill Charlie but also kidnapped an orphaned female named Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). When Carface leaves Charlie and Itchy to help escape Ann Marie. The next day, Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie are going to look for money! Ann Marie sees a couple who thinks she would make great parents for her! While Ann Marie talks to the couple, Charlie sneaks behind the man and steals his wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy then go to a horse race where they bet the man's money that a horse will win the race! The horse they said would win wins, and Charlie, Itchy and Ann Marie are paid $ 1,000 for the bet! Charlie promises Ann Marie to use the money to give the poor, but the winds buy a new casino and gambling and buy pizza for her boyfriend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her chicks. Soon, Ann Marie found out that Charlie had stolen his wallet and used his money on horse racing and everything! Charlie's sad about this has a dream about going to hell and the devil! Soon, Charlie wakes up and finds out that Ann Marie has gone! She left to give her wallet back to the couple who forgives her about her wallet and invite her to breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to go with him and she pretends to be sick, but she is captured by mice trying to feed King Gator, but they manage to escape! Soon, Carface appears and surprises Ann Marie. He plans to drown her, but Charlie comes to rescue and calls on King Gator who eats Carface. Charlie's time is up and he has to die again. The itch, with the help of the other dogs, finds those who took Ann Marie and make them come with them where Ann Marie is. They are there in time to save Ann Marie, but I'm too late to save Charlie, who has ended his time! Charlie, who is rewarded for his heroic rescue effort to Ann Marie, is greeted back to Heaven, but before joining, he says goodbye to Ann Marie who was adopted by the couple and asks him to take Care of Itchy for he. Say yes and tell Charlie he loves him and goodbye! Charlie goes back to Heaven as all dogs go to heaven! Complete with wonderful animation, characters and story Don Bluth has once again proved to be a good animator! It's too bad that this movie was released in the same year Little Mermaid, which is my favorite Disney movie! They both went out in 1989, the year I was born! I think I will have to call them both the best animated features since 1989! 10 out of 10!
