First of all, "St. Ives" film is rather poorly based on the story of Robert Louis Stevenson with the same name, but for once, it is not a criticism. The original novel was an ongoing work, unfinished at the death of the author, and in free adaptation and ending it, the filmmakers brought to life some endearing characters, which, although different from Stevenson's originals, I was enchanted I am amused. It's 1813: Captain Jacques de Kéroual de Saint-Yves is a Breton aristocrat, orphan of the Guillotine of the Revolution, who now serves as a hussar in Napoleon's army. We meet him out tonight, claiming that since a hussar who is not dead by the age of 30 is "black," he, at 34, is now "borrowed in time"! Certainly, while confronting a series of duel challenges, our old hero seems in danger, but a surreal joke to his colonel offers him a way out of the duels and the bed of a beautiful courtesan / singer. Unfortunately, it also resulted in the loss of his commission ... More mistakes led to the capture of the prisoner by the British and was sent to a POW camp in a Scottish castle. While carving toys and boxes, Jacques draws attention to Flora, the young niece of Miss Susan Gilchrist, a well-traveled woman in the world who lives at Swanston Cottage. They fall in love, and most of the story looks at Flora, helping Jacques escape and find his emigrated grandfather, the old Comte. Of course, there is a problem. Jacques's older brother, Alain, a dissolved alcoholic, is - understandable - far from being content when his grandfather disinforms him in front of the entire household just as Jacques appeared ... Cue treason! There is also a fun-filled subplot of romanticism between majors Farquhar Chevening and Aunt Susan, uncomfortable, but with kindness, who traveled through the majority of the Ottoman Empire and was the prisoner of the Turks. <br /> <br /> Even for a natural injury in favor of any movie where heroines share my name, "St. Ives is magic!" It combines splendid swashbuckling sword, a balloon-flying, comedy and romantic adventure. I would recommend to anyone who loves "the kind of film they do not do" - Fairbanks, Colman, Flynn, & co. The act is splendid. as Jacques, an authentic hero.Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant are already my great favorites and have a great fun like Susan and Farquhar, whose relationship runs like a comic counterpoint to the one leading. tragically tragic, Alain, Jason Isaacs looks, like he did in "The Patriot" more recently, that he has the classic swashbuckling style, except beautifully good! Please, please someone will show him as a * hero * that kind? !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! In the book, the castle in which Jacques is a prisoner is clearly Edinburgh but the film, shot in Ireland, Germany and France has "Highlandised" setting, what does keeping names of places such as Swanston, Inveresk and Queensferry decided incongruent. The costumes are also a real melt from the 1780s until the time it is set. While this would not be the many-character misconceptions down the "making" market, it seems strange to chiabur ladies, such as heroines being wearing dresses in the 1780s 1813. Obviously, the decision of Aesthetic Costumes: These earlier styles are more appealing and stylish visuals than the Regency models and work in the film's idealized world. Overall, "St. Ives" is 90 minutes of pure delight.
