WAQT is a perfect example of chicken soup, not exactly for your soul. The broth, unfortunately, has lost its real taste due to all the excess dilution and garnishing that has entered the process of making it. <br /> <br /> What is surprising and disappointing about WAQT is that it comes from a director who stayed away from the clichés of the Hindi cinema on his first mission but who, on the second trip, gives all the film formulas stereotype. While Vip Shah had the conviction to show something as unpredictable as a blind plunder of a bank in AANKHEN, he simply fails to induce life in the entire WAQT package that relies on something as conceived as a father-son relationship. Adopted from a game of Gujarati Aavjo Vhala Fari Malishu, WAQT has a sensitive story with a social message to support it. A mature look at the father-son relationship, the father's unconditional love for his son, and the responsibility of a son to his family. Ishwar Chand Sharawat (Amitabh Bachchan), who has established his entire empire on his own from scratch, leads a rich life with his wife Sumitra (Shefali Shah). Their only son, Aditya (Akshay Kumar), has never had to strive for anything, since he has obtained all the things personalized and fed alive. Ishwar's reward gives him much more praise. Aditya dreams of turning into a superstar but does nothing to make his dreams come true. At the same time, he marries Mildi ladylove (Priyanka Chopra). Ishwar hopes that this marriage will make Aditya a more responsible man, but he is disappointed. Aditya is still in the best position, taking carefree life. The limit of endurance eventually collapses when Ishwar casts Aditya out of his house. The sudden change in his father's affectionate attitude towards him and his wife, who is now expecting, defies Aditya. He has no choice but to strive for the existence of his wife and his unborn child. He begins to turn into an independent man, but the rupture in the relationship between him and his father grows. The story is simplistic, while the uncomplicated scenario has a very basic approach. It can easily identify and relate to the credible characters of the father and son. If you are not one of the two, you could have at least met with individuals like them somewhere in real life. Add to it the easy-to-handle directory of the script by Vipul Shah. With a family business like this, any other director in his place would have added tons of melodrama in acting as the cinematic laws of Bollywood family drama, turning the film into a compulsive tearjerker. However, Shah excels in effortless manipulation of emotions for most of the film. The clear example of his impetuous direction is palpable in the pre-interval scene in which the father expels the son of his house in a rather frivolous manner. The purpose of the scene is accomplished without blocking a burden on the public brain. This is the stage for the second half in which the separated father's son now has a flippant conversation. This is what differentiates WAQT from a Kabhi kushi GHUM or EK RISHTAA and in places a high level of treatment. <br /> <br /> But after having achieved all the points of distinction, you can ask where WAQT is not yet in? The problem lies in the fact that while WAQT differs from others in his league in terms of treatment, he gives the mistakes in terms of packaging. What's with the director forcing the n-dance song from time to time in the first half of the year. There is a Johar song Shaadi, a chopra Chopra fela Holi, a song of the son disco dandia, a dream song and a true song of dreams that induce enough bruises on the viewer. Imagine ... the father just removed the son from the house and the son dreams with his wife a song in the Moroccan mountains. From the place! By reason! and outside audiences. The film just draws in the first half of the year and the real story begins only in the second half. The director has lost too much WAQT on unnecessary items. The dog's most popular tracking sequence is not bad, but it is not redeemed either. However, Akshay Kumar's tedious dance is simply ridiculous. Imagine it qualifies for hunting stars in the movie with this (unintentionally) hilarious histrionic. Add to it the climax set at the end of star hunting where the son bursts with emotion. It's so archetypal! Also, the editing model could have been reversed to hide the father's reason for changing his attitude towards his son. Anu Malik's music is good, though unnecessary in the proceedings. Santosh Thundiiayil's chamber opera is quite competent, though not too demanding. Aatish Kapadia has come up with some good dialogues for dramatic moments. Boman Irani and Rajpal Yadav make up the bright moments of the movie very efficiently. While Rajpal Yadav has crossed his comic book history many times lately, this time he emphasizes his character and is completely retained. His hungry phrases are perfectly compliments to Boman's historiology. Shefali Shah is convincing in the role of mother. Not to be taken as a censorship, but she is perfect both in the game and in the "look" of her character. Priyanka is gorgeous and fulfills her role well. Of course, major applause deserves to be Akshay Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan. Akshay is particularly expressive in the place where his eager father intends to convince him of his responsibilities. Although Bachchan goes a little dramatically in several scenarios, his glare penetrates throughout the movie. To summarize, WAQT is like a soup whose ingredients are both tasty and nutritious, but the final recipe is not as appetizing.
