Like his older brothers, Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corneau began to cut his teeth in French cinema with a series of fine thrillers: "at Menace" (1977) and "Série Noire" 1979). The "Python 357 Police" is a good example of how Corneau conceived and shot his work during this period of his career. They had a splendid cinema, elaborate scenarios and a sophisticated direction designed for efficiency. Police Inspector Ferrot (Yves Montand) is an unconventional policeman who usually works on his own. He meets a young woman Sylvia Léopardi (Stefania Sandrelli) and becomes her boyfriend, ignoring her having another boyfriend: his superior Ganay (François Périer). When the latter teaches her, she kills her in anger of anger. Ferroute must investigate the crime, and all clues are inexorable against him ... It can be considered that this type of long story is not exempt from glitches and sometimes it can be seen through Corneau's pedagogic style of guiding help to evoke a suffocating, . The first part of the movie, before the night of the crime, may seem uninteresting, and yet it is crucial for what will follow this key moment. Corneau returns to a sober treatment with quite rare moments and short appearances of minor minor characters that the spectator will see again during the investigation. Despite the disadvantages, Corneau and his screenwriter Daniel Boulanger have written a wonderful story. Ménard (Mathieu Carrière), who sometimes surprises Ferrot retaining a relatively low profile during the investigation. But his superior knows he usually works alone. In fact, Ferrot needs to find solid tricks to mud the waters and so exonerate. Finally, the main idea of ​​the film concerns Ferrot himself. He is a policeman who, with his feet, loses his identity and is at the heart of a terrible depersonalization. It is characterized by the moment when it sheds acidity on the face so that the witnesses do not recognize it when faced with them. The backdrop of this thriller, Orléans, is effectively enhanced by Corneau's room and helps inspire this strange thriller with its pernicious charm.
