This drama is different from sex and city, where women have a few drinks and share sexual encounters with each other. She is more personal and can be linked to her. It's more exciting and emotional at a new level than other dramas that focus on women and their lives, such as "Sex and the City, the Jungle of the Lips ..." Katie Roden, a psychologist with a dark secret, seems a lot more depressed and come riding than the other three friends. She has to do with the death of her ex-boyfriend who was her patient while she was dealing with her son's advances. Her dark clothes and the empty and cold house give her her inner feelings very well. <br /> <br /> Trudi Malloy, a widow, has had problems with "giving up" her dead husband on September 11th. And when a beautiful stranger, Richard shows his interest, she is suddenly forced to make a reality check by her friends who suggest she returns to business. The ridiculous and embarrassing courtships between Richard and Trudi are absolutely funny! It is interesting to note that Richard asks her the day she receives millions from the board of 9/11 for the death of her husband ... she does not see what his intentions are Siobhan Dillon, her husband's love tactics, which only involves " babies "(while they have trouble conceiving) and she falls quickly for her colleague who offers her" services "a bit too good for her and she does not hesitate a long time! interesting to see if she will continue her business or patch with her husband (played by Raza Jeffrey) Jessica, a real estate business woman, is unique and is right until she organizes a lesbian wedding and has an affair with one of them. Her character is portrayed as a bold and challenging woman who, before her lesbian encounter, has sex with a "married man," her colleague. Let's see where she falls in love with her character ... The beauty of this drama is that we are shown 4 different women with different scenarios whose ambitions and inhibitions are shown. It's also a good thing that drama reveals that sometimes friends are lying to each other to be "safe"!
