Several years ago, Marina has kept a distance from the film "Men of Honor", a film based on the experience of the first dive of the black diving chief, to overcome virulent racism. We always want to support films showing the best part of our Navy, U.S. Nimitz and two helicopter carriers with shore support facilities were provided to complement this interesting story about the fight of young sailors with uncontrollable rage. Part of the film was shot aboard USS Belleau Wood. Antwone Fisher wrote the screenplay for the debut of director Denzel Washington, playing the role of psychiatrist of the Navy, treating Fisher, played effectively and deeply by Derek Luke. Fisher is an obviously enlightened man charged with USS Belleau Wood (LHA-3), a first-line helicopter assault platform. Fisher does not seem to avoid launching his own attacks to the minimum challenge from the other men enrolled. Sent to MD, as part of a possible pre-separation process, Fisher slowly opens up to the black psychiatrist, revealing a terrible childhood of great neglect and trembling brutality. The story develops as Fisher cautious, but more and more he trusts his doctor and receives the courage to express his interest, a sailor named Cheryl, played by a beautiful beautiful Joy Bryant. Fisher is undoubtedly involved with the doctor, wondering for a long time, but he soon realizes he has to look for answers, however painful, to develop and move away from destructive behavior in search of a conflict. While all the main characters are black, this story goes beyond race, while demonstrating the evil evil of exuberant religiosity and concomitant hypocrisy in adoptive families. Viola Davis, a versatile actress seen in a series of recent films, is a picture of disturbing immorality, but it is nothing compared to the adoptive mother, Mrs Tate (Novella Nelson), who in short but frightening scenes would win - if there would be - Oscar for the intestinal brutality. Movies about patient-therapist interaction follow a certain predictability (all things about transfer and counter-transfer), but Fisher's seriousness and physician / mentor is realistically collapsing. It's a good story, okay. Period. While set in the Marine, "Antwone Fisher" is in no sense a service story, as was "Men of Honor," an excellent film that dealt with the crushing of racism against a real person. It's not really a movie about blacks. It's terrible childhood experiences and, as Fisher says, is capable of proclaiming in adulthood that the victim is still "standing". Persecutors are diminishing in terms of size and significance because a brave and powerful young man claims his right to a decent life with the help of a thoughtful physician. My only question is that Washington is a Lieutenant Commander, but he is a commander. With all the Navy assistants enumerated in the final credits, one should have told the Washington Director that his character, like all the naval officers as commander, is treated as "Sir." It's not a big critic, is it? :) <br /> <br /> I do not know why this movie is played in so few theaters. It deserves a wide distribution. Derek Luke can get an Academy Award nomination. <br /> <br /> 8/10. <br /> <br />
