Knowing what to expect (as a whole) from Denzel Washington's performance - quality, integrity, gravity, bad humor - prepares you for what to expect from his directorial debut. Like Robert De Niro's Bronx Story, Antwone Fisher transmits a moving drama to a young man's life and the effects of key figures in his life. As in A Bronx Tale De Niro, he played one of these key figures in the main character (he himself was a character born to play, but he was too old). Washington has a similar role in this role as and the paternal counselor of the title - which seems to be played by a Washington 20 years ago. Be grateful that Washington is too old to play Antwone, because if it had, we would have been deprived of the wonderful, measured and intelligent nuance that she offers as a Navy adviser. However, it is more important that we do not get to see the gorgeous, we can only hope to see it coming back from Derek Luke in the lead role. Inevitably, the character appears as a form in the form of Washington, yet you have the impression that it's not just because Washington ran it, not that Luca was trying to copy it, but that Luca was just as powerful and thought to provoke an actor like Washington . It took too long for Washington to receive the Academy Award she deserves for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, the Devil in a Blue Dress and the Hurricane, hopefully Luke does not have to wait that long. Also a great casting piece was Joy Bryant as Fisher's girlfriend, Cheryl. While the role could have been a forgetful support or a role for the "friend" standard, Bryant is dressed for life. The tender and intelligent role transcends the stereotypes with Bryant who live it and it makes the significant and interesting part. It does not hurt the fact that Bryant is probably the most attractive woman you will see on celluloid this year - only the smile could thaw the coldest heart. Action and showing - why this woman is not in everything that is being done now. Offering good support in a small role in Salli Richardson as Washington's wife, Berta. Speaking more with a silence or a bigger look than many Hollywood actresses, she can handle it in a whole movie, she informs the public about the whole story well before exposure. As for the direction of Washington, as I have said, it is the direct equivalent of its act. Taking the story of a man that few audiences would have heard and that would make it really interesting, it is a difficult thing that Washington does with aplomb. The film does not hurry or show, but it never feels slow or boring. It is measured and nuanced, perfectly balancing humor and drama. Antwone Fisher can not blow you up if you like big, explosive, hollywood movies, but for those who appreciate a great piece of play with excellent performance and a steady and well-manned direction, that's for you.
