Unlike other commentators who have commented on the ability of this film to overcome race, on the contrary, I think this powerful film offers a complex and profound story that addresses institutional racism and its effects. Washington directs Fisher's story with a careful and critical eye, abandoning this cinematic effort, or dismantling the bodies of women, perpetuating distrustful stereotypes, and not satisfying the expectations of white eyes. I think the movie might be a bit too happy in the end; however, it is deeply rooted in African-American culture and discourse to the point where some white spectators may have the feeling of looking into the life of this African American - Antwone Fisher. I have problems with the Naval aspect of the film, but when we look at America, there are not many options or opportunities for black men who are in Fisher's situation or in similar situations. Visitors can go to this film, waiting for a "black film: what is a black film?" Stereotypes of proxies, curvy, drug dealers, single parents' houses and so on is a "black" movie? "I think Washington, as a director, admitted that African Americans and other black people deal with human issues, such as abuse and aggression, to name a few of these issues - they have historically been given today only light and validity through "Will Hunting" and other white films, it is time to give them the same recognition and validity as their white counterparts in and out of the media. Sadly, however, in this racist country, Denzel Washington Derek Luke will probably have to wait another ten years before receiving an Oscar or something. Both will have to wait until they direct or play in a movie that perpetuates the usual racist and sexist stereotypes to get an Oscar. Denzel deserves awards for "Malcolm X", "Hurricane" and others before that Oscars anniversary. This is not to deny or impede other great actresses and actors. is a color that refuses praise for ingenious work. However, Hollywood would rather send out the message that racism, sexism and heterosexism are acceptable by perpetuating and even rewarding those stereotypes as they appear in countless films such as American Beauty, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, and even "Gone with the Wind. "Derek Luke is a helluva actor and I want him the best." All other actors and actors shrugged off with superb performances, though I oppose Denzel's selection with another straight-sided sistuh. should watch this movie, but it may not be for everyone
