This film, based on a true story, comes from the first director and longtime actor, Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington gave us some of the best performances of the last decade as a black soldier in the Civil War in Glory, and a lawyer in the famous Philadelphia. And, of course, he made a special notoriety last year when he won the Oscar for Best Actor on the day of training, in which Denzel Washington became the first African American to receive the Best Actor Award. I think Denzel wanted a change in rhythm, so he chose to lead Antwone Fisher, where he also sees it. Fisher is played by Derek Luke, who is new to the silver screen, but has made appearances on such TV shows as King of Queens and will appear in Biker Boyz. /> This is a really good film made by Denzel Washington, considering that he was his first director. Undoubtedly, Denzel felt some kind of commitment and believed in Antwone Fisher's real life story. Antwone Fisher is about an African American young man in the Navy who is constantly fighting and, after a certain battle, he is sent to see a Navy psychiatrist named Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Antwone deal with his troubled past and learn to continue his life by finding his mother who would give him birth because he was in prison. What makes this movie good is that it's not too melodramatic. I was expecting something more like the Good Hunt, with lots of swearing, fighting and vulgarity. Not that I did not like the Good Hunting Hunter, or the oath, the fight and the vulgarity of the movie were out of place. On the contrary! However, Anthony Fisher is a true story and I do not think Washington wanted to sensitize the story for a dramatic affliction in the movie. Do not get me wrong, there are times when we see Antwone fighting, continuing and having moments when it seems that the world is approaching him. After all, in his first session with his psychiatrist, the character played by Washington, Devenport asks Fisher where he was born, and Fisher's answer is "underneath a cliff," an obvious outbreak of pressure that worsens Antwone Fisher's soul . But I had to appreciate that this movie was not sensational for a dramatic effect. I think it shows a real character from Denzel Washington to provide a more realistic story and to avoid typical cliques that are common in Hollywood movies, even those based on true stories. Another point I would like to introduce to Antwone Fisher is the act. Moreover, the performances were good in the movie, but not great. Sometimes I think it was a little obvious that the main characters were actors, but overall, complaining about the performance of this movie would be ridiculous. An actress I would like to emphasize in this film is Viola Davis. She interprets Antwone's mother, but she says only two sentences in the film, but not because it appears at the end of the movie, but more so because, in shock, that Antwone found it. Which I would like to emphasize about her as an actress in the absence of her use. She, in essence, a character actress, and I did not see her playing very elaborate roles. He has appeared in Traffic, Out of Sight, Kate & Leopold and two recent films: Far From Heaven and Solaris. In Solaris remake, Steven Soderberg, a scientist played a spacecraft spinning in orbit on a planet. In this film, she faces the character of George Clooney and she has drawn to tears what Clooney tells him in a certain scene. When I first saw Solaris, I remember seeing a tear in the scene and I thought, wow, this woman can act. You seem to feel the pain of the character. In that short blow of her face, she gave so much expression, and I felt honestly very sorry for the sadness and troubles of her character in the movie. I think she has a clear potential as an actress and should be used more often, perhaps in mainstream roles, rather than as a character-driven actress. However, Antwone Fisher is a very good movie. Denzel Washington, as always, has a great performance and gives us a great directorial debut. Also, Derek Luke is a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will bring his immense critical fame to his portrait, but I think his public popularity will increase with the release of Biker Boyz, who also sees Lawrence Fishburn. Antwone Fisher is based on "Finding Fish: A Memoir" by Antwone Quenton Fisher. ***
