"And the time has come when the risk of staying in a bud was more painful than the risk of flowering" - Anais Nin Marcel Proust says: "The real journey of the discovery is not seeing new landscapes but having eyes "The author and screenwriter Antwone Fisher joined the US Navy to see new landscapes, but the demons of his past prevented him from seeing the world through new eyes. Based on his autobiography "Finding Fish" written many years after the events, his story is dramatized in Antwone Fisher's film, Denzel Washington's first directorial effort. It is a heart if it is a formally formal formulation of the painful process of passing from being consumed by past pasture to living life today. It is necessary to attend therapy sessions after several anger outbreaks at (Derek Luke) tells his life in sessions with Navy psychiatrist Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). At first he does not want to talk, but when he starts, the gates are open. After his father was shot by a girlfriend, and Antwone was abandoned by his mother after being released from prison, he was placed in a shelter where he lived for fourteen years, suffering humiliation and sexual abuse . According to Antwone, the treatment by his foster mother, Tate (Novella Nelson), who referred to him as "nigga" and by her cousin Nadine (Yolonda Ross), was actually much worse than he showed on screen. <br /> The only friend he has is a place called Jesse (Jascha Washington), who later on in the film adds to his feelings of abandonment. It is difficult to build a film around psychiatric sessions, but it has been successfully accomplished in ordinary people and a good hunting wish with a much more dramatic interest, but it succeeds here due to the dominant performances of Washington and Luke, although the film's compressing eleven years in a few months seems a bit too easy. Davenport's humanity and warmth allows Fisher to feel safe to discuss his difficult past, and Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new girlfriend in Marina, supports him in his struggle to make progress. With Cheryl and Dr. Davenport counselor, Antwone develops enough self-esteem to return to Cleveland and start the journey to try and find his mother to finish the past. What happens in Derek Luke's unbelievable performance is Antwone's desire to be accepted, dramatized in an unimaginable dream presented at the beginning of the film, in which he is the guest of honor at a banquet full of people who love him. Comrade Mort Sahl once said that "people must remember why we are here: to find us home ..." Antwone Fisher not only touches a young man's desire to find his way home but reaches all those who they cried out to sleep without knowing the joy of being loved.
