I did not see the movie in the original version of the theater, I was happy surprised when the DVD arrived, since this movie did not have the distribution it deserves. Denzel Washington's debut debut and the finished product have nothing to envy other films on the same subject by several better executives. The film has a very professional look. He shows that Washington has learned a lot from the other side of the room. He brings another angle to this movie. One of the best things the film has is undoubtedly the fine performance of Derek Luke. He is an actor who, with the correct guidance, will undoubtedly go away. Taking the troubled young man, at this point in his life, in distress and suffering for an evil life by hand, he has treated him so far, is very true. Antwone is an excellent portrait of a painful man who is actually very good and has so much to offer but no one seems to see that part of his character. In the worst time of his despair, Antwone is sent to Dr. Davenport, played by Washington, in a very sober manner, if in a subtle way. Because of Antwone's induction, he does not have the opportunity to open up to this man who wants to help, but because of the constraints he has in his office, he only has three sessions, and then he has to fire his patient. <br /> <br /> Things work because Antwone is able to persuade the doctor to continue working with him. Antwone's past is revealed in detail. The abuse she suffers from Mrs. Tate, his adoptive mother, is brutal, let's say at least. The temptation of an older woman in Tate's family of sexual molesting gives Antwone a bitter taste that stays with him throughout his adult life because he has been shaken by the shame he is carrying with him. Antwone finally discovers love with Cheryl, who is quite patient to make him see a different world through the love he gives and gives him. Lead performance is really great. Dr. Davenport of Denzel Washington also has his own problems. There is no happy camper. He can help Antwone, but he can not help himself or his relationship with a worshiping wife. <br /> <br /> The talent in the movie is incredible. Joy Bryant makes a fine Cheryl. Novella Nelson, a beautiful actress, is beautiful as Ms. Tate, abusive mother. Antwone's resonance with his unknown family is a bit too sweet and sentimental, but of course, if one is to believe that Fisher finally finds happiness, you have to accept that part of the movie.
