Written and directed by Steve Gordon. Runtime: 97 minutes. PG classified. It was the final comedy of the decade. Sir John Gielgud won the Academy Award. It was even featured in VH1's "I Love the 80's." And it looks as good today as it did in its initial release. Arthur is an acclaimed classic comedy about a drunk millionaire (played with enthusiasm and spirit by Dudley Moore in an Oscar-nominated show), who has to choose between the woman she loves and the life she's grown accustomed to. While the basic plot is a big cliché, there is nothing trite about this congenial combination of intelligent dialogue and hilarious farce. Arthur Bach is nothing more than a pretentious bastard, but you can only help him. Especially when he offers lines such as: "Do not you want me to be? I know I'm doing this!" He is also a delimitation of archetypal film hero: unlike most of the rich characters we see on the silver screen, he is not ashamed of being rotten by the rich. In a scene, a man asks, "What do you think you will have all that money?", To which he replies: "He feels wonderful." Moore offers such charisma and charm to a character that would otherwise have been attracted to his audience. And Gielgud is simply perfect as an arrogant servant, addressing his master with extreme condescension, despite the fact that his salary depends on him. Arthur is one of those movies that does not try to be brilliant or exceptionally beautiful: it simply comes naturally. The script - which also earned a clue from the Academy - is saturated with a genuine laugh-out dialogue. This is a kind of movie that, along with a bunch of poker friends, quotes you uninterruptedly. He also looks at his characters with honest empathy. There have been a number of comedies trying to sink into the drama by including death or disease of a main star (including both Grumpy Old Men), but few can carry off because we just do not care. When this movie makes the dubious decision to remove the button, it actually works because we really like these people. Why should you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is a total, innocent pleasure. At a time when movies are becoming more and more serious, Arthur remembers what it feels like to go to the movie and they only have a good time <br /> <br /> ****. Classical
