When you see this movie you start to realize what Dudley Moore was a drastically underutilized thing. There should be a dozen movies like this in our archive. He was already talented before going to Hollywood, both as a comedian and as a musician. But especially he is remembered for his association with Peter Cook, on TV and in one or two indie films. Perhaps the best of these was "Bedazzled". He has always been inclined to be eclipsed by Cook, which jealousy and malice rifted their partnership and allowed Moore to realize his true potential in America. Arthur is the result. <br /> <br /> This is a truly splendid movie. Santa's comedy as drunk is unquestionable. The script is perfectly suited to its manners, with the ability to engage in harassing, almost surreal conversations. There is something so British about him that I am surprised that he has found such an appeal to the American tastes. Tommy Cooper, an anarchist comedian, in the same fashion, tended to uncover a goal. It's Moore's vulnerability, almost childish, that's appealing. Liza Minelli and John Guilgud tend to play roles against him, but still have some excellent works. John Guilgud, in particular, gives his life with sarcastic and fierce authority, which is a treasure trove. Invariably, he steals any scene in which he distinguishes himself and deserves his own Oscar. Correct me if I'm wrong, but he never played another comic role. There is a tracking movie called "Arthur 2 - On the Rocks". It never touches the same sublime levels of fun that it does, but it's still pretty good. Guilgud only gets a cameo look at the beginning and a ghost. It's darker. And there is an interesting search for the soul. It will disappoint you if you first look at "Arthur". Hollywood seemed to lose interest in Dudley after these two exits. Eventually, he returned to the UK, was dispossessed and apparently died. But "Arthur" is a sample of what it could have been. We can just imagine the other great movies he should have done. You just lost, Dudley.
