I remember trying a few minutes from this movie, I'm very surprised that I did not follow everything from director Steve Gordon, his only film directed before he died of heart failure. Actually, Arthur Bach (Golden Globe winner and Oscar nominee Dudley Moore) is the drunk beat-up millionaire, a mansion, a Hobson butler (Oscar and Golden Globe winning and nominated BAFTA Sir John Gielgud). He will inherit $ 750 million if he marries the daughter of millionaire Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), the woman he and her family have chosen, Susan (Jill Eikenberry). But instead, Arthur is in the fall for Queens Linda Marolla, a Golden Globe named Liza Minnelli, who, of course, threatens her inheritance and three quarters of his family's wealth from Stanford's father (Thomas Barbour) and Aunt Martha Geraldine Fitzgerald). After Hobson's death, Arthur, on the wedding day, does not respect the family's wishes, but Aunt Martha still gives Arthur the heritage of living happily after true love, Linda. Also, with Ted Ross as Bitterman, Barney Martin as Ralph Marolla, Anne De Salvo as Gloria - Hooker, Maurice Copeland as Uncle Peter Bach, Justine Johnston as Aunt Pearl Bach, Florence Tarlow as Miss Nesbitt, Marcella Lowery as Maid Harriet - Martha , John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langley - Guest Party. Moore is marvelously funny and is a bit frightening as the almost drunken millionaire, Minnelli is pleased that the woman he loves and Gielgud has, of course, a great winning impression in the role of Oscar, Moore's humorous and sarcastic servant, a terrible comedy. He won the Oscar for the Best Song for "Arthur's Theme (the Best Thing You Can Do") (he also won the Golden Globe) (it was number 79 on 100 years, 100 songs) and it was nominated for best screenplay screenplay, was nominated BAFTA for film music by Anthony Asquith for Burt Bacharach, and won the Golden Globe for Best Comedy / Musical. Sir John Gielgud was number 35 on the 50 British actors, and the film was number 53 on 100 years, 100 laughs. Very good!
