Arthur has always been a personal film for me for two reasons. A good friend of mine who worked on the film as an extra and to help with horses during the stable scene, recently died. If you look fast, you can see Frank Graham during the restaurant scene in the background, while Dudley Moore and Jill Eikenberry are in conversation. Frank was an equestrian champion and would be missed by all who met him. Secondly, however, I actually knew a real life Arthur Bach. He was not as rich as Arthur, but spent 47 years of life fundamentally like a child. His parents checked tight, but the rent and utilities were paid in an underground apartment in Greenwich Village. He spent much of his time becoming drunk on various spirits and making a public show of himself, just like Dudley Moore. <br /> <br /> Wondering with Arthur is the reason someone would bother with him. But this is the other half of the equation. My friend was a charming person when you met him. In fact, it was almost a constraint to be charming. He could not buy a newspaper or magazine without trying to establish a certain level of relationship with the seller. He spent his life being a perfect guest. The term wastrel that was commonly used in the nineteenth century would also apply to him. And that's what Dudley Moore is, a wastrel. Unlike my friend Moore, John Gielgud cleans him after him. It is a full-time job that we see in Arthur. My friend also never found a Liza Minnelli, a man Liza Minnelli, in fact, because she was gay. Still, Arthur Bach's portrait of Moore is very precise and so real to me. Arthur, from the twentieth century, is forced to marry another child trust fund in Jill Eikenberry. Since he will not work for a lifetime, the threat of being cut is real enough for him. He has just the head of Hobson played by John Gielgud and the Bitterman driver played by Ted Post to flood his problems. We should have all these problems. John Gielgud in almost a century of life certainly did a better job than in Arthur on the film and in fact Gielgud is best known for his stage performances. However, 1981 was a year of sentiment at the time of the Oscar. The Academy gave Henry Fonda and Katharine Hepburn Oscars for the Golden Pony and Gielgud Award Best Supporting Actor, especially for lifetime work. This man was amazing, still on his craft almost to the end. So for Frank Graham who worked in the film and for Jackie Weiss, a true real Arthur, I dedicate this review.
