1928 is in many ways a "lost year" in the movies. As some of the best films of the silent era were made in all genres, sound input and - while collecting big box office profits - put back the art of film production around five years, as the industry cinematography struggled with new technology. "Show People" is one of the greatest comedies of the silent era. The film shows that William Haines has had comic skills beyond his usual formula of the usual overwhelming guy who turns everyone against him, teaches his lesson, and then redeems to win the soccer match, the polo game, etc. This movie is also to show that Marion Davies was not Susan Alexander Kane. She had great instincts and timing. The film begins with the adventure of Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) and her father, General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper, fresh from the old South. General Pepper has decided to let a head of a lucky film studio hire his daughter as an actress. While at the studio commissioner, Peppers ran into Billy Boone (William Haines), a comedian of prey. It makes Peggy a job. She's unhappy when she finds out she's stupid, but she persists. Eventually, she is discovered by a large studio, and she and Billy leave the paths as she begins to play dramatic roles. Soon, the newly-discovered fame is heading to her head, and she is about to lose her audience and get a royal title when she decides to marry her new man, whom she really does not really love, if a fate intervenes in a way. > One of the things MGM does frequently in his films in the silent epoch and early sound films is the film about how the film was made at MGM around 1930. This film is one of his we make Charlie Chaplin try to get Peggy's autograph, an abundance of MGM player's cameo at that time, including director Vidor himself, and even a Marion Davies cousin when Peggy sees Marion Davies as Marion Davies coming to work on lot. Peggy grimaced and mentioned that she did not care about her. Truly a start-to-end joy, this is a silent one that definitely deserves your time. This is one of the movies I also recommend using them to introduce people to the silence of the cinema because it is very accessible.
