This comedy since 1981 still shines thanks to the combined efforts of writer / director Steve Gordon and stars Dudley Moore and John Gielgud. Unfortunately, Gordon, only in the early 1940s, died just after the end of this film, his only feature film. It's a particularly unfortunate loss because it shows a really bold hand to a character-driven farce that makes the whole movie irresistible. It is almost like a 1930s comedy style comedy, rebuilt for contemporary tastes. The film focuses on Arthur Bach, a drunken and tiny beggar who risks losing her 750 million dollars if he does not marry the cuddly and boring Susan Johnson, an heiress selected by his old father and grandmother. Of course, he does not love her, and she accidentally enters Linda Marolla, a working class waitress (and, of course, an aspiring actress) after forcing her Bergdorf Goodman tie for her father. <br /> <br /> There are standard complications, but in a very strange way, with a lot of alcohol-filled doughs made with the classic Moon élan. The fact that he makes such a spoiled character is a credit not only for his comic talents, but to make Gielgud come back home like Hobson, the dedicated but actually Arthur. He is the type of role he can play in his sleep, but Gielgud makes Hobson a truly memorable character that his fate in the film brings a welcome injection of politeness into the process. In her most pleasing film, Liza Minnelli shares her image with her male co-stars, tingling her regular character and making Linda quite authentic in motivation. "Jill Eikenberry plays Susan only on an aggressive passive note, while Barney Martin (Jerry's father on" Seinfeld ") steals all of the scenes as Linda's father Ralph, who flies in the ointment is veteran actress Geraldine Fitzgerald, and I must admit that I can not resist Christopher Cross, a very dated and outdated song that has inevitably won the Oscar for the best song of that year, but unfortunately the 1997 DVD in need of remastering, has no remarkable extracts, except photos and production notes.
