I saw Marion Davies in some movies and I could not understand her call. She could not dance for peanuts, she did not try to sing, and her actor seemed a trance. But I have not seen her silent comedies and this movie is great. Rather than joking my own picture, as suggested here, it seems to me a satire on Gloria Swanson, who started in robbery comedies, searched for extremely emotional images of women and married a Count. Marion, a top imitative, also made a funny rabbit imitation whenever he wanted to be seen as big, that is, on Gloria Swanson's face! Colonel Pepper (Dell Henderson) has driven all the way to Georgia at Hollywood, determined to show that his daughter, Peggy, (Marion Davies) will be the biggest star ever. Their hope is diminishing and is in the last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (William Haines), who works on roasting studios and promises to receive Peggy. Peggy thinks he will be a great dramatic actress, but the studio thinks it's a fantastic story. They convince her to make the movie, and she is a great success when she previews. Charlie Chaplin asks for the autograph but does not recognize him and treats him quite rude. "Who was this little little boy" - when she found out she was a fake! Peggy and Billy get a call from High Art Studio, but only Peggy is wanted and suddenly is on the way. There's a funny scene in which she sees a star she does not believe too much - it's Marion Davies! She has a chance to be a dramatic actress - but she can not cry! !! It's a hilarious scene as the director tries everything to cry and when he can not stop! Her new leader, Andre (Paul Ralli), convinces her to forget her past comedy and become elite and sophisticated - she even adopts a new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! She also seems to have forgotten Billy and her father - she has developed a "STAR" personality !!! When the spice studio chooses the same location as the Patricia movie, Billy is delighted to see her, but quite unprepared for her snobby attitude. When she calls her a cheap clown, she realizes she is not the girl she once knew. <br /> <br /> After a studio lunch (a magnificent photo of some of the biggest stars of the day), "Patricia" receives a call from the Chief. It seems that her films are a flop, and theaters do not want to create them - the audience is tired of its manners and wants the old Peggy to come back. She and Andre decide to marry, dream that she is a Countess (even if Billy says Andre serves spaghetti in a small cafe in the center of the city and is no longer Count than he). On her wedding day, Billy visits and after a pleasant fight of cream, she realizes that Billy is the one for her. It was amazing to see all the stars - John Gilbert is seen going through the MGM gates, Lew Cody talks to Elinor Glynn, who not only wrote "It" but also several stories that were made in MGM movies. William Haines, another actor whose movies I always wanted to see, was great - especially in the canteen scene, he had a great comedy program. Harry Gribbon was hilarious as a comedy director - there were so many scary scenes in this movie and Marion was at the top - I give this movie 10 out of 10. Highly, Highly Recommended.
