Back in the day, if Marion Davies had it and did not listen to William Randolph Hearst, she would have made more movies like Show People and would be much happier. In fact, when you see her make her first break in the two-reel comedy, she would have liked to do it in her career instead of such epics as When Knighthood Was In Flower and Janice Meredith. <br /> <br /> What you see from all the Show People accounts is true Davies, a talented comedy, a gorgeous mimic, and a generous person. She can really identify with the character of Peggy Pepper, known as Patricia Prepoire, she put her with her claim to her Hollywood style. If the Show People plot was set in the legitimate scene, it's a story behind the scenes. I think it was one of the first films about movies you could call a story behind the room. Marion is anxious for young hopefuls who reach Hollywood like many others, looking for that great break. She wants to drama, but her introduction to movies is like a comic strip. She gets part of the pie and combs in front, but she learns her job. And he also wins the heart of the young comic actor William Haines. She receives her first break but does not come for Haines, and Marion makes a legend with actor Paul Ralli, playing Andre Telfair, a pretend does not matter the Count of Avignon. Someone here had a shot at actor Lou Tellegen, the lover and husband of Sarah Bernhardt and Geraldine Farrar and others, and hear about it, one of the most despised people in the cinema. Show People was one of the first films to have stars star appearance as well as themselves. You will see people like Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, Mae Murray, John Gilbert, Eleanor Boardman, etc., being alone in and around the film colony. This, in itself, makes Show People a movie worth saving. Show People also made good use of standard Tin Pan Alley songs like, is not fun, I'm sitting at the top of the world, You would be surprised, California, here I came. As the movie came out of the sound, a track called Crossroads was introduced. There is not a bad number, but no credit is given to the boy and the girl who plays it in the soundtrack. I think that since they were not seen, it felt that billing was not necessary. However, I would like to know and I'm sure you will be if you are lucky enough to see Show People. It's easy to see why Marion Davies liked this movie so much and considered her a favorite person. She looks so home in this film and the lack of pretense of her real life shines in her performances, making her a real experience for the audience.
