Let me first say that this show was top when John Ritter was there. At his death, the show dropped a bit, but the producers did not give up the show, adding James Garner and David Spade to the regular distribution from 2003 to 2005. The performance centers around the Hennessy Paul family (John Ritter can rest in Pete, his wife Cate (Katey Sagal), their daughters Bridget (Kaley Cuoco), Kerry (Amy Davidson) and their son Rory (Martin Spanjers). When Ritter was at the show, I would cry out (and proud to admit, I am), but now that he's gone, I'll laugh a little, laughing laughing. I'm very glad I fell for the broadcast of this show after Ritter's premature death because he made the eps with Ritter much better. Ritter's character is so well-rounded and well rounded that you can not help but love him. He always heads girls around dating, but he really wants them to be happy. She is the last daddy who hates the boyfriend's fun. Katey Sagal is also wonderful, and she is also a nice character. After Ritter's death, her character offers such a good influence and force not only to her children, but I think Sagal modeled the lives of Cuoco, Davidson and Spanjers because she and Ritter have been friends for a long time. <br /> <br /> The funniest person on the show should be Bridget Hennessy, played by Kaley Cuoco. She is the ultimate blonde: gorgeous, slow, cute, yet she is an intelligent person. She is outside the hilarious wall with her innocent "blonde" humor and how terrified she is. Amy Davidson can get an annoying td like Kerry, but that's the purpose of her character. The only guilt of the show is that the show never gives Kerry anything to be happy about. She is always after Bridget and her character feels as if she was thrown there. Martin Spanjers as lonely son Hennessy is hysterical, and when Ritter is in the show, he is mostly comic material. At Ritter's death, the show features some story lines for Rory. David Spade and James Garner are nothing but laughs, with an occasional story for CJ, Spade's character. Garner interprets Cate's father as a bit of background information. Overall, I give this show a wonderful review because it is a great show that had a tragic event that sparked it. You will enjoy it. <br /> <br /> 9/10 - spy
