8 Simple Rules for Teenage Daughter Meetings had a good start. The most talented Tom Shadyac was involved in the project. This meant that the comedy would be nothing less spectacular and this has just happened: the show remains one of the freshest, funniest and most spectacular performances made in a very long time. Every line, face expression, choice of casting, scene, all daring of perfection. There was no episode that I thought: "The man who was not as good as the rest." Each of them was a standout. Again, this is the kind of perfectionism that I've been expecting from Tom. For those who do not know, Tom Shadyac is director of Ace Ventura (first film), Professor Nutty (first) and Liar Liar. Very CV. He is a producer here, not a director, but his magical touch is felt in every episode. The family consists of: Father: Paul Hennessy (John Ritter): beautiful, slightly neurotic, can be a pushover from time to time, works as a sports writer. John, unfortunately, died in 2003, leaving a background remembrance and a certain cancellation of contemplations by costumes. Mom: Cate (Katey Sagal): come on, who did not fall in love with Katey when she played Peg married with children? Al Bundy was our hero. We, the viewers, gave him the respect and the love he never had. But without rude, parasitic and lazy lifestyle, Al would probably have been just another dad in Chicago instead of the misery Peg (in fact, his life) made him to be. Katey was a MILF at that moment, and she's still: a brown now (instead of a redhead) and as old as ever. What is the conservative mother and the loving wife. I know it sounds boring, but comically it fits perfectly. <br /> <br /> Daughter Blonde Ditzy: Bridget (played by Perfect Kaley Cuoco): almost never an idiot was played so well. Apart from Gob on the arrest, Bridget may be a shoe for all the prizes given to this archetype. Bridget is superficial, selfish, not very luminous and with a mysterious eye in his eyes. She plays the blond blonde role better than absolutely any IMO. Perfection. One of the highlights of the show. The Overlooked Daughter: Kerry (Amy Davidson): a brown and a geek, receives no love in life or circumstance. He feels overlooked, under-appreciated and neglected most of the time. She is Bridget's younger sister (in reality she is older than her), and the two people are extremely opposed, and the brain causes endless clashes in much of our fun. Son: Rory (Martin Spanjers): It was the second funniest IMO character before Ritter's passing, then John passes, new characters come and Rory is not the one who creates the verbal wisdom he used to do: this is happening in the sea part of the character of David Spade. <br /> <br /> These were the main characters at the time of John Ritter. Unfortunately, Larry Miller (one of my favorites) did not have much time on the screen. He played Paul's colleague / competitor. After aortic dissection cost Ritter his life in 2003 (September 11), the show has been hiatus for a while. Nobody thought he could come back, but he did it later with some new additions. This began the second phase of the show, and the new characters were: The strict director of the school: Ed (Adam Arkin): I saw Adam here and there on talk shows. This was the first time I saw him doing something. Impressed is the word I use. His performance was very impressive. Sad that was not brought up sooner. He also plays the potential interest of Cate's love after Paul passes. Gradual progress to this point (which would have called crazy in the beginning) wins creators a lot of praise. It was done slowly, with great care and excellent, with constant respect for Paul (Ritter). Grandfather Attitude: Jim Egan (James Garner): A surprisingly welcome addition to the series, he was a fodder cannon for endless "old" jokes, mainly through ... The former 35-year-old brother, mother's brother: CJ played in mad heights by David Spade): I knew Spade was fun, but I did not know it was funny HERE. In a way, Spade's well-known presence is felt inside his character (as opposed to a separable character), which is understandable because he is a comedian and is in a comedy show. This strange feeling is like seeing someone borrowing a lot of material from David Spade's appearances in movies, talk shows and features (award-winning shows, etc.) and offers a superb impersonation to Spade's voice and comedy style , except that it is SPADE. That's what I mean by not telling you that he's not trying to play someone else or a whole new character: he's the weirdest and funniest Spade I've ever met and makes this nice humorous formula up to the absolute tip. Every line he spoke, every sarcasm he gave birth to, all classical, literally. Spade was CRAZY-funny; so, so funny. The humor and drama of the show were improved after the show returned, but the audience thought, "John has gone, it will not be the same anymore." This is understandable given that we are talking about a group of people (American spectators) who let go of "Yes Dear", but provoked Andy Richter Controls the Universe to be canceled in the shortest time. With the increase in the quality of the show, its ratings have fallen. Soon it was not, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> And I saved the best for the last: Married fans with children are for a treatment. And boy, what are you handling. I still wake up simply by reminding myself. It's such a surprise that it would be crazy for me to ruin it, even if I do it legitimately under the pretext of "spoiler ...". Suffice it to say that it is something you will never forget. I know I will not :-)
