A community pool in Connecticut is the place for this "under radar" movie, which is charming, fun, fun and appealing. Although he won awards at major film festivals, "The Big Bad Swim" was not released in the American hordes of theater, but was distributed in DVD format and was selectively presented in theaters. It's regrettable that "The Big Bad Swim" has never had the marketing hype of a Hollywood version, considering the number of Hollywood release this year, such as " I know who killed me. " "Big Bad Swim", a truly good independent film, had to swim upstream on its own. However, in The Big Bad Swim, actress Paget Brewster is loved and credible like Amy, the mathematics teacher who is not only thrown by her husband but also loses her job, and ends with a gambling in a new life. Jeff Branson's hot soap TV actor plays the role of Noah, the serious vulnerable swimming teacher who runs along the basin to help his students overcome their fears and finds out that they can learn from their students. Sexy and sexy Jess Weixler skillfully plays Jordan, a swimmer working two trades, one as a pole dancer, the other as a blackjack dealer. Her character is the catalyst of change between the ensemble, but it is the least easy to understand for characters because of the lack of a "back story" or a motivation for what she does what she does. Jordan is young enough to live at home with a younger brother, homage, video-camera-toting, who spies on it. However, her parents do not turn out to be involved in her life in any way, which seems odd. There is no drunk mother or an abusive father here to explain why a normal, attractive girl in a suburb of Connecticut would choose to be a dentist dancer to self-indulge and abuse the bachelor parties. <br /> <br /> Despite this quibble, "Big Bad Swim" manages, largely because it's a happy movie, feels good. As one might expect, learning to swim is the metaphor of life. Finally, it is better to jump with both feet and teach you rather than sitting on deck, because your life happens anyway. Big Bad Swim is a great movie, a big sleeping movie, a great movie "I have not seen" and men like him, as well as women.
