I had the pleasure of examining The Big Bad Swim last week at the New London Film Festival in 2006. The festival highlights some of the best independent and non-mainstream movies in the past year. It was my assumption that "The Big Bad Swim" was chosen for screening at this festival for the sole reason that it was shot locally in and around Connecticut East. However, as the credits began to roll, I could only think about how well "The Bad Bad Swim" was compared to the others that emerged during the festival. He has far exceeded my list, followed by "The Puffy Chair", "Who killed the electric car" and "Transamerica". "The Big Bad Swim" is a puzzling, humorous look at some students in the adult education class and their defeat instructor who has a depth that I have not seen on screen for quite some time. The development of intercalated character and plot lines derived from something as absurd as swimming lessons for adults work in subtle and bold ways that we found refreshing. The plot does not bump your head in one direction; rather, it builds up and grows organically, at a pace that has been on the ground. I never got bored. I never cracked. I never came out of the story on the screen. The humor of the movie is something like "Napoleon Dynamite" meets "The Old School". Acting from a group of relatively unknown actors was credible and their dialogue never seemed strange or controversial. Obviously it was not a millions of millions of photos shot were not all frightening and clear, but appropriate and well done for the budget. The lighting and film shooting technique of the comic strip was particularly attractive due to a more realistic approach than a similar thematic scene found in "Closer". I also found that the underwater watercourses of the waist-down class seemed to be just as much a portrait of character as a blow from the upper shoulders could be. Of course it is said over and over from many in the independent film industry, but I have to say: If "The Big Bad Swim" is not taken for a kind of distribution, I would be very disappointed. "Big Swim Bad" must be seen. If you have the chance to see this movie, see it! Disappointment is impossible!
