Sunday July 16, 20:00 Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> "As a Southern colonel your makeup is very Indiana," Hollywood gossip has managed to make it more than a mud in the direction of Marion Davies over the years. The fact that she gave her fame and does not deserve it is often speculated. In view of the mawkish dramas in which it has often been pushed, this criticism seems to have a certain validity. As a comedy, her star shone brightly. Allowed to pursue a career in the light comedy and slapstick, she could have rival Mabel Normand. One of her better outings was Show People People (1928), who survives and is widely known because MGM has filled her with camouflages. This hapless coincidence saved by mistake what is certainly among the best works of his two stars, Davies, and Joe College's famous colleague William Haines. The rumors show that the People's Show was freely based on Gloria Swanson's life, which began in Sennett's comedies and grew to great drama (and I do not think he spent the rest of his life remembered everybody!) With von Stroheim, Walsh and DeMille. Coincidentally, the comedy studios used in this movie are the original discoveries that Keystone abandoned a year ago (Think about who worked there!). Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) leads his daughter Peggy (Davies) from Georgia to Hollywood to play in movies. These two country hicks are unsuspecting feed for the incorrigible Billy Boone (Haines), "a pie pie artist?" down the canteen table in an extraordinary amusing entrance (watch the bulb with the noodle) and then help Peggy take part in the next photo. What she thinks is that big drama turns out to be a screw, but a job is a job, and Billy convinces her, "... all the stars have to take her chin?" On preview, Billy and Peggy are crashing into ... Charlie Chaplin, asking for her autograph! He pushes the little one aside and a terrible Billy grabs the book and makes it signed. Chaplin climbs into the car and Billy tells Peggy that she hurt, so she naturally fails. It's so funny, since Davies's character should not recognize this guy! Soon, Peggy moves to High Art Studios, changes his name to "Patricia Pepoire" and leaves Billy behind. Davies makes a wonderful reference to a serious actress with all the necessary genes and her lips trembling. Vidor throws into a star parade that eats a lunch in a long shot of pursuit (and all are shoulder shoulder to shoulder, faced by the room!), Which includes Polly Moran (Who is also sensationally funny playing Davis' service), Louella Parsons Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor, Aileen Pringle, Karl Dane's comedy duel (with his arm in a sling) and George K. Arthur (pretending to steal the silverware), Leatrice Joy (amused by Arthur's antique ), Renee Adoree, Rod (eats and smokes) La Rocque, Mae Murray, John (in a cloak) Gilbert (who also seems to lead through MGM gates at the beginning of the photo), Norma (eeeww!) Talmadge and Patricia dressed as Marie Antoinette, between Sandra Douglas Fairbanks and William S. Hart (who protects her from Doug). Billy enters the high-flying crew where comedy troops interrupt their shootings, with predictable nuts. Vidor works in the final stage as the director of Peggy's current production. It is also worth mentioning that Harry Gribbon is the comedy director who makes a great caricature of Eddie Sedgwick, Sidney Bracy, the dramatic director who can not make Peggy cry for the screen test and then can not stop it once , and Paul Ralli as Andre, his dramatic interest in love and a fake hilarious. When her character tries to "act" herself, as if Davies is having fun with all the terrible dramas she's been forced to do, and she makes a glow in doing that. While it is true, Show People is a hokey satire of good days for ten years, it remains an extremely fun example of quality work from MGM, Irving Thalberg and their tremendous wealth of assembled talents. What a shame so much was lost. There are too many examples of great movies, such as The Patsy (1928), Vidor and Davies, from the beginning of the same comedy year, disappearing into vaults when they could be seen and enjoyed.
