I had the opportunity to see this movie twice at the 2006 Motion Picture Film Festival in Birmingham, Alabama. I enjoyed so much I saw him the second time they had an encore screening. When I think about the films that are presented at festivals, I usually expect to be nervous and offbeat, often with the sense of an elaborate student project. There is nothing wrong with these types of projects, of course, and I enjoy the unique styles of independent films, but sometimes I want to see a more accentuated approach to independent film. Through "mainstream", I mean more like a movie produced for the national release - In other words, a movie you will see in an ordinary cinema. Writing, direction, cinematography, casting and acting in this film are totally pro. There is nothing independent of this movie. As an aspiring director, he always sought films that would motivate me not to postpone and push harder to take my career. This is one of these movies. When I looked at The Bad Bad Swim, my level of motivation was incredible. I felt my adrenaline kicked. The reason I felt this was that I was so impressed with all aspects of this production. I left the theater excited and ready to start writing that long project. When a movie makes me feel like this, I know it's really good. This is the first long-term project from Ishai Setton and I woke up wishing it was my project. For me, that's very rare. Watch this movie. It's beautiful shot and straightened, and pouring is excellent. Paget Brewster offers a very credible and enjoyable performance. It has a quality about it, a charisma that really attracts you and focuses on it whenever it's on the screen. It makes you feel you know her personally as a friend. This is a gift. I think industry is really gone by not using its acting skills more often. Jeff Branson and Jess Weixler also did top jobs. I can not say enough beautiful things about The Bad Bad Swim. I look forward to future projects from all those involved in his production.
