I was not a big fan of Star Trek until the last 2-3 years. Thanks to the emergence of the Netflix and post 2000 video distribution, I can enter the past of all the big Star Trek episodes. For those who do not really follow each episode and know their hearts through TNG, DS9, Voyager, etc., the general consensus will say - "I Like The Next Generation" the best. That's because Captain Picard and his crew were fresh when they came out for the first time after ten years of starvation in Star Trek. But to be honest, I appreciate the creativity of Voyager's episodes more than TNG. Voyager's episodes are progressing over time, unlike TNG. The data provided by TNG are wonderful, but eventually they become old, but Voyager's doctor - now this is creativity! Instead of making the strange and offensive artificial intelligence, give it the freedom to express beyond anything you have imagined. Not only is Picardo an actor so big, but the premise for his expansiveness, for self-growth, as a doctor, for self-realization now, which is the best science! Endgame describes him as a married spouse with an "organic" device that invented a neuro-implant transmitter for the human-machine interface and even in the episode before Endgame, not to listen to the orders of the commander and make "human" mistakes . Unlike DS9 who are blessed with 2 beautiful women right from the first episode, Voyager has to survive 3 seasons without Jeri Ryan and I think Picardo wore it with his personality. Of course, the rest of Voyager's casting chemistry just makes no effort, Harry Kim and Tom Paris - very natural. I like Tuvoc's occasional humor, despite being a Vulcan. Finally, I'm glad they escaped that female captain - oh, if you look at the rare filming - thank God for Kate! It has grown for seven years in an extremely confident, credible and respectable captain. What a Great Job! Thank you Star Trek for making Voyager, I like every episode, the creative exploration of our possibilities, our morals and our cosmic expanse.
