In the past few months I've collected Voyager 4-7 seasons on DVD (I had only 1 to 3 on the video before that, because Kes is my favorite character) and just got to the end. I saw them when they were originally shown on TV here in the UK, but they forgot most. Am I happy with the end? I think I am. Naturally, as I fancy, I'd love to have seen more about what happened to the characters when they got home, but that left us our imagination. In many ways, "Endgame" is similar to Next Gen's "All Good Things" "Involvement of the crew in the future, but especially the captain." A new romance that finally begins (Troi and Worf in Next Gen and Seven of Nine and Chakotay here), which results in death in the future.I really loved "Endgame", right to all the characters, Neelix appears although he left the ship two episodes earlier.B'elanna gives birth to his daughter with loving husband Tom.Tuvok is but the return home means that he can be healed. "Harry was always the most anxious and determined, but he admits that the journey is important, and the doctor is well respected in the future and eventually chooses the name of Joe. , the captain has the biggest role, meeting his future, who wants to get in the team early to prevent the victims. The Borgs are involved because they have played a massive role in this Voyager period Alice Krige inter the Borg Queen is again fantastic, only her voice and method of action are magnificent. But I'm sorry for Susanna Thompson, Queen TV Borg replaced by the queen of Borg. Perhaps it was not available. The special effects are fantastic, the Borg space hub and the Borg queen are breaking apart! She's very tense. Especially when I leave the Borg subspace corridor and say that their location is exactly where they thought it would be after they said they would have to go in a corridor that leads back to the delta quadrant. And a great idea to get into a Borg sphere for protection, on the DVD features that I say is like a Trojan horse. Voyager could have gone on. If it were more popular, it would have been their initial idea that the crew realized the ship was their home, as in Harry's speech and what Tom said because the wife and the baby are there. And then they could have gotten home in a movie! In general, Voyager was a bit hurt and miss. The sixth season seemed to be a good one, followed by a less good one. The two episodes in the Irish holographic village are horrific! My perception of Seven of Nine was that she took it, everything was spinning around her, which was not true. When it first appeared, Season 4 focused on it for too many episodes, but it came out afterwards. And her character is ingenious sometimes, for 20 years as a borg who gradually rediscovers humanity. I like her, especially in "Someone to Survive Me", "Imperfect" and "Human Error". When Naomi Wildman scared her initially, but then became a friend often beside her, it was great. Chakotay became the least favorite character. Gone was chemistry with Janeway (will / do not want?) And you would never have thought he was the first officer, he was completely pushed aside most of the time. I enjoyed seeing the relationship between Tom and B'elanna flourishing. I always enjoyed Neelix very much. Tuvok has been good sometimes, especially when he lost his logic, won emotions, and was a friend of Neelix. Harry was annoying sometimes, but a good character in other times. The doctor is probably my favorite, seeing how far the comedy situations they create ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is fantastic!). Janeway is my favorite captain in any series and you can tell Kate Mulgrew that he enjoys it. <br /> <br /> I would like to be more, I like Voyager!
