Indeed, I think this movie is more of an example of a light target than a really bad movie. In fact, the movie does very well in many ways and it's really fun. Yeah, the script is a little complicated, but this guy. The film has a noir atmosphere centered around a fatal female. Like all the old classics of the noir, it also has a scenario that overturns you, so you do not always know how to understand this at first, and it can be a stretch if you think too deeply and try to put all the pieces together. That's the kind. Generally, the script has enough surprises and transformations to keep the spectator guessing and, in turn, surprised without abandoning the spectator. Sharon Stone is also an easy target. The truth is that she looks great and she speaks her double-entender dialogue loaded so that you joking into something mysterious, sexy and fun. Direction is more than easy to accept to face - you have to keep an audience interested in "did it or not?" question for two hours. In addition to a fun scenario and interpretation from Stone, this is done efficiently in the direction of creating a noirist atmosphere that is both dark and very powerful and modern at the same time with straight industrial lines to go together with Stone's sexy curves. The frame is always beautiful - press break anywhere and something interesting for the eyes. The film also relies on things that were tricks in the first film and turns them into something more real, especially sex. "Katherine Tramell is bisexual ... how shocking!" gets treated more here, and usually the sexuality of the movie is used to have a better effect. It's still titillating, but not so easy for the value of the shock and the buzz as the one made in the first. I'm not going to say it's not somehow a trick, because, let's face this movie, it should be fun. And a fun movie is. It can be an easy target, but if you follow it for what it is: a noirish, femme-fatal driven, twisting, sexy, has done it or not-it-you-dunning, you are bound to enjoy (not intended for the game ).
