Let me be in front, I like the pulp. However, it is one of those "lighter dives" you see in the Olympic Games. It has to be marked down because it's easier to give a cheap emotion than to pull inside the world, say, a late medieval painter. This is just a two-ghost train ride while many times (or more precisely, most of the time!) Ridiculous and unlikely that always go ahead and always have fun. If not always correctly. Check out the memorable quotes section for a chic. <br /> <br /> (However, why he was given a "worst movie" Razzie is embarrassed - I bet there were a thousand worse movies made in 2006, but this film received the treatment because she was seen as a fashionable victim.) The main case and popular novelist Catherine Tramell (Sharon Stone) is now ending in London writing a novel, but death and destruction follow her around the flies following a horse during a warm weather. God, she can not even visit the toilet without resisting at least two corpses, and I'm sure if she opened the closet in her vast apartment, an apartment would come in the style of the great Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Yes, clearly a very dangerous lady to spin around (if you like to overcome your pulse), but is it personally responsible? I mean, why would anyone put two and two together and start thinking that he could be a murderer? At the same time, the reaction to such allegations seems very casual. However, this is just a personality disorder (a certain form of risk addiction b / s) or additional evidence about her fault? <br /> <br /> For reasons that I can not fully understand or explain, Stone is attributed to psychiatrist Michael Glass (David Morrissey) to be evaluated rather than getting rid of cells after another "girlfriend found dead in mysterious circumstances ". Luckily (for Stone) he is much more crazy than any of his patients and has a troubled home life / own work life. In a blink of an eye, the relationship changes from doctor to patient, and then it's hard to say because everything becomes uncluttered in rotation. Roy Washburn (a weird stranger calls David Thewlis) says that love has struck the doctor - as a policeman for many years standing - that the lady in question can be dangerous. I mean, hold the front page. However, glass is now too glassy to do or to take care. As a dizzy boxer in front of first-time Mike Tyson he was ripe for the great fading, however not before finding that Washburn could have a secret or two himself. Now comes Millena Gardosh (Charlotte Rampling) a fellow psychiatrist and a rare example (in this movie) of someone who does not bother crazy or otherwise a crime suspect. Assuming she watched the final film, she must look back with nostalgia when her underwear came to Stone's ease - fortunately (for us at least) those days have long vanished. Strange that she does not think Stone is as dangerous as anyone else - otherwise she does not think the script is good enough or big enough to do the right thing. After a few tours of the route highlighted above, it reaches a climax that blends rep republic with a hanger / twist, which, while as striking as the rest of the film, gives us enough kits for Basic Instinct 3 - very unlikely this could be at this point in time.
