So every year there is at least one movie that has no chance of being a box office success, because from the moment of production, just before a simple shot is filmed, everyone is getting off this movie ... There is a long list of this kind of movies, and finally, some are very bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their flaws, but they are pretty nice (Catwoman (2004) Elektra (2005)) and then there are a few that actually are really good for what they are, but nobody admits! I mean, man, just because the big crowd must have a victim every year to choose, not everyone has to join. So yeaaah, maybe those movies are not perfect, but you know, how many movies are they? Not all movies should be a new Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will enjoy these movies, but I bet they are more than what they admit they do. Hudson Hawk (1991), which is just hysterically funny, night colors (1994), which can not be Oscar worthy, but it is definitely a not stupid thriller at all with some beautiful twists, Swept Away (2002) which I thought was a great mixture of sick humor and a beautiful love story, Gigli (2003), which was a great entertainment, with some very memorable and not bad lines acted by the former "Bennifer" -Couple , and this year is "Basic Instinct 2"! Well, when I heard the rumors about a sequel to one of my favorite movies I was very skeptical, and though I like Sharon Stone I stayed until I skeptically saw this movie. And indeed, I was very surprised! I can not understand why such a bad press appears and such a bad vote here. Never simply original children, she has a fairly clever story, she has tension, action, humor and absolutely amazing Sharon Stone taking over the role of her life! She is 47 years old when she shoots the film, she looks louder than many stars in the 20's, but she's more than beautiful, she's brilliant with all her looks, her famous smile, her way of talking and moving. the first frame she has in you can not take your eyes off her. It's just a pleasure to look at her like Catherine Tramell, and all the other actors also offer solid performance! So, I really can not see what's wrong with this movie ... it has a dark, thrilling, sexy and penetrating look, strong performance and you've never felt bored! Perhaps the story is not an Oscar, but it does not even try to be! It's an entertainment movie and, according to this standard, absolutely offers my opinion! So try it!
