Finally, after many years of waiting for a new film to continue the sexual chaos of the "Basic Instinct," we were offered an extraordinary sequel that is packed with the right items needed for a franchise like this! I remember everything about original, steam, romance, sex, interrogation, music (by master Jerry Goldsmith) and everything else, from violence and murder to intense confrontations of all sorts! Do not make a mistake, "The basic instinct" was a real winner for audiences everywhere. I remember in 2001 when I first received the news of such a sequel. Five years later, we have it. I would never have thought that would end like that. When an abandoned project was declared, time could not tell if there was ever a real possibility to start. Well, I think we know now that it's possible in this case. Even if the original director or writer is not present, all we need is Sharon Stone, full of charm and always trust, and we have a deal! Please, listen to me ... When people say this movie is bad, I think it's just because the style is extreme and slightly dated. I use the word "dated" only because I have not seen a certain similar film for many years, and the audience has become adapted to the useless and boring story seen in other movies that generate money and the only reason why they are big figures is because movies are family-friendly. Who needs the hole and clean? Of course it's a nice thing to have, but please! Escapism is very rare these days, and "Basic Instinct 2" gives real fans what we expected. This film is not the winner of the Academy Award, nor does it try to be. It simply gives the dead fans what they were expecting. It's a fun movie. Today's films seem to be taking too seriously, but this movie is just free and fun, not taking seriously, not too seriously anyway. That being said, I will evaluate the movie. The movie is a fast film from the first second, as we see Cathernine Tremell in a car, exceeding the speed of 110 MPH - and enjoying desirable emotions. . Perhaps sex and leadership is not mixed up, because our sexy novelist turns bad and ... well, she moves unharmed, but her terrible partner is not going too well. Once again, Tremell is the main suspect of the accident and will be under the supervision of the analyst and the psychiatrist. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) is automatically attracted to him from the first moment he meets her. As another investigator criminal in front of him, he is entrant and seduced, slowly, and certainly. His denial begins to crash around him, while she wears a spell that only she has the power to do. Tramell is now more dangerous than it was before, but, like the first, we never know, do we? Once seduction is on the move, jealousy, anger, drugs and a plaque of erotic sceneries take place! This film does not recycle the first, but rather, it occasionally mentions incidents in previous films. This is a good thing. It allows the audience to know that the script was written to bring the level to a level or two. Sharon Stone has blinded us again, as if 14 years have not happened. The second run of the misleading writer is right on the spot as before. Just awesome! David Morrissey is well distributed and manages pretty well. The fact that a non-popular star has been chosen makes its performance more enjoyable because we, as a public, have no background on it, just what we see it accomplishing. My final thought - 8.5 to 9 out of 10. So he is not the first and can not get to the first place winner of the prize. However, it can meet the standards set by the first film, and it does not happen! Yes.
