Me and my friend, Annette, we followed this together, and we both will comment. We were both very happy to look at this, even if we had some freedom with Dicken's work. A lot of Dicken's work is somewhat dark and frightening (including Oliver Twist), but this movie has changed everything. It was fun, full of color (both visual and musical), and the characters were much lighter. TRAVIS: Normally, I do not care much about the music and dance, but the songs in this production were appealing and lively, and the choreography was wonderful. ANNETTE: That says very much he comes from Travis. I can not say enough about how well the dance numbers were. You can say, for example, that these boys have worked hard to get the perfection of their routines. TRAVIS: Three actors have truly stood outside the IMO; Nancy (Shani W.), Bill Sykes (Oliver Reed) and Artful Dodger (Jack Wild). Dude, Oliver Reed can really make a good bastard. One scene where you see your eyes through the mailbox gave me chills on my back ... AWESOME. And this child Jack Wild was a Perfect Dodger Artful. And Nancy was fantastic (man, I felt bad when she was killed). She can sing, too! Kudos to the casting department on their election there. I hated the young Oliver Twist. It was too chubby and tasteful for my taste. (I wanted Bill Sikes to let him fall into the mud during the hunting scene). And he should not have sang either. ANNETTE: The actor was really gorgeous. Besides the three stars that Travis mentioned, I felt Ron Moody (Fagin) did a great job. It was so funny and, at the same time, he was also slightly sinister. The actors who supported her were also very good Harry Secombe played Mr. Bumble's role very well. And she has a wonderful voice to sing. I saw Mr. Secombe singing in another movie titled "Davy," where he played an opera singer with pleasing results. Talented Harry Secombe should have been in several movies. TRAVIS: As I mentioned earlier, the story is not really true for the book, but the IMO has been more robust. This movie was not boring, as it seems to be some musical. And continuity has kept you moving even with the characters. The songs have not been hijacked or you have been asleep since they were too long. ANNETTE: Any musical movie that Travis looks completely about must be a rare discovery. And this is indeed a rare discovery. It's a very easy-to-follow production that brings the visionary smooth and enjoyable to the end. One day when all the movies seem to be combined with beautiful faces, it was a refreshing interlude. Our combined ranking for this was 8.5 out of 10. (We will run up to 9 in this case.) TRAVIS: I appreciated this 7, mainly because the child Oliver Twist (Mark L.) irritated me and his songs were tortured for my too sensitive ears. Otherwise, it was a remarkable film. ANNETTE: My rating is 10. The movies are not much better than that. And you can say that everyone involved in this production has worked hard to do what it was ... a masterpiece. Please do not miss this ... even if you do not normally like musicals. It is indeed a rare treatment.
