Wisecracker, the biography of actor William Haines, offers a pleasant anecdote about the former star when he was 70 years old and retired from the film. The old governor was not sentimental, and he rarely looked at his own films, but in 1972 he was convinced to attend a Los Angeles Museum screening of SHOW PEOPLE, the late character he played with Marion Davies. Previously, Haines was worried that this comedy would cause a bad laugh but was pleasantly surprised (and undoubtedly relieved) by how well he held it and how much the young audience enjoyed. Watch the movie today and see why: SHOW PEOPLE is a delightful satire from Hollywood that keeps its charm, because it illuminates its targets with intelligence and flair, but without ill. It's still funny and satirical points still resonate. Needless to say, film technology has changed a lot since silent days, but the claims and fools of filmmakers have not changed so much. surviving the work of Marion Davies, a comic interpreter, which deserves a prominent place in the pantheon of the great comedies. Where she was her career, Davies was both blessed and cursed by paramour patronage, the tycoon of William Randolph Hearst. It is well known that Hearst exerted an enormous influence on the choice of Davies' roles and, of course, that despite his comedy gift, he preferred to see his play of heroes worthy of the costumes of antique costumes. By the end of the 1920s, for whatever reason, Marion was allowed to spoil things in several bright comedies (including THE RED MILL and THE PATSY), but SHOW PEOPLE, directed by the great King Vidor, is the most appealing showcase. William Haines offers a pleasant and loving interpretation as her boyfriend and co-star Billy Boone, but this is the ladies' show all the way. Marion plays Southern Belle Peggy Pepper, an aspiring Hollywood storm actress accompanied by her father, determined to become a film star. (Her father, Colonel Pepper, is played by actor / director Dell Henderson, a veteran of Griffith's biograph drama, which coincidentally resembles Hearst!) One of Marion's most funny bits, often excited elsewhere, is hearing at the Comet Studio distribution office. While the father suggestively suggests emotions to describe ("Sorrow! ... Joy!") And painting a handkerchief on her face, Peggy assumes the right expression and attitude. She was engaged, only to find that the comet is making low-headed comedies, the kind of comedy in which people scramble to each other, with rogue bastards and policemen, who were rolling one another, flying to rescue. Of course, Comet is conceived as a take-off of Mack Sennett's Keystone, but the true nature of satire becomes clear as the story unfolds. As Peggy Pepper rises in the hierarchy of the film, she leaves Comet for the most prestigious high quality art studio, assuming that the name "Patricia Peppoire" fits better with her new acting career as a serious actress. At one point, it could happen (as he did with the spectators' eyes in 1928) that Davies's rival Gloria Swanson began in Keystone comedies before rising to prominence in serious dramas for Cecil B. DeMille. And as Miss Peppoire becomes more and more serious about giving treats to former colleagues, like Billy Boone, Davies's performance turns into an unpleasant parody element, apparently directed directly at Swanson. This is particularly important during an interview session, when Mrs. Peppoire's spokesperson is browsing pretentious nonsense, while the star offers a Swanson spot-on impersonator. I suppose this was intended as a friendly spoof, but I have to wonder how friendly the relationship between Gloria and Marion was after this film was released. In any case, SHOW PEOPLE is a delicious treat for the buffs, who will enjoy the starring star parade throughout. Charlie Chaplin contributes with a little bit of beauty without makeup and looks quite distinctly looking forward to Patricia Peppoire's autograph! (And in a good sporting show Marion Davies puts himself in a self-mocking look of cameo, the evening score to try fun at Swanson by trying to have fun at her.) This is a silent film that viewers do not especially tailored to the silent one could appreciate, at least those viewers with a taste for films about cinematographic activity. SHOW PEOPLE is definitely in the company of classics like SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN, among the most experienced and enjoyable Hollywood exercises in self-examination amusement.
