As a child, I always hated to be forced to sit through the musical. I did not understand why people would go out in this song and I was too young to appreciate art (choreography, design, costumes, rhythms) behind everyone. Carol Reed's book "Oliver!" was the only musical I remembered strangely as enjoying a child, probably because it is one of the darkest and is appropriately watered in the spirit of Dickensian misery. This is a musical about the life of the Victorian ghetto in London, and while the scenery and scenes are dark, dark and true in that way of life, it is bizarre for people to break into such ridiculous songs in the midst of their misery. After a recent review, my first childhood, I have some thoughts and new insights on why this musical "works" in that bizarre break in the way of singing and why I do not do it for me anymore. > <br /> When musicians work or even say something, it's because they realize their inherent strangeness. Lars von Trier The "Dancer in the Dark," as tragic and operatic and touched around, worked as music because the musical numbers were produced by the protagonist's imagination, an immigrant obsessed with Hollywood musicians. Also, the cynical and pleasant "Chicago" worked at a similar level because the musical numbers were produced by a homicidal singer / dancer. Musicals do not work when they take their own musical nature seriously (like Moulin Rouge) or simply are too fluffy (for example, something futile like "Mary Poppins"). At watching "Oliver!" for the first time when I was an adult, I saw it in a new light. He said especially from the point of view of young Oliver, I have seen the musical numbers as products of his childhood imagination and his way of coping with the horrors of the life of the ghetto around him. The best musical number was probably when Nancy took everyone to the tavern signing and dancing about the joy of getting drunk (like a cover to help poor Oliver get rid of Bill Sykes's bad luck). It was undoubtedly appealing and sounded like a real melody of the pubs, so the drunkards would start singing around a piano. There are other great and classical tunes to be heard here, and direction and action from the guides to the additional dances are all top. <br /> <br /> However, for all his troubles (although he has a happy for at least for Oliver, although things have not ended happily for Nancy, and if you do not think a life on the streets being a pocket is fun , was not necessarily a good end for Fagin or Dodger, despite their pepical closure song). I would not classify this film as a family film, although I do not think I'm showing it to children over seven or eight years old, will do any harm. This is a tough story about an unfortunate orphan who tries to survive on the streets and find some happiness. I think it would be very interesting to see a modern update about that, maybe a revisionist is taking it, if the people on the Compton streets get into happy songs about their horrible life. I'd like to see a hip-hop version of "Oliver!". I always thought Dickens would translate well in these respects. Currently, "Oliver!" was probably the last of the best musical film and maybe the weirdest G-rated movie I've ever seen.
