The great cinematic musicals were made between 1950 and 1970. This twenty-year spell can rightly be called the "Golden Age" of the genre. There were musicians before that, and since then there have been musicians ... but the real classics seem invariably to have been made at that time. Alone in the rain, an American in Paris, a wagon with a band, seven brides for the seven brothers, Oklahoma, the South Pacific, the King, and me and many others, stand at the same time as cherished vintage products. Perhaps the last great musical of the "Golden Age" is Carol Reed's 1968 film "Oliver". Frequently adapted from Dickens' novel, this vibrant music is a movie version of a successful stage production. It's a magnificent, six-Oscars-winning film, including the Best Picture Award. Orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives in a miserable existence in a home, his mother died after moments of birth. After an incident after a meal, he is left outside the office and ends up being hired at a funeral room. But Oliver does not get well in his new job and escapes after a few troubled days. He makes a long trip to London where he hopes to seek his fortune. Oliver is taken under the wing of a pocket called Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), who in turn works for Ron Moody, an elderly bastard who deals with a band of child thieves. Despite the illegal nature of the job, Oliver finds good friends among his new "family". He also tells Nancy (Shani Wallis), the friend of the most cruel and most feared thief of all, threatening Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver discovers his true ancestor and finds out that he is actually a rich and well-made background. But his chances of being reunited with his real family are jeopardized when Bill Sikes forces Oliver, complicating him in some particularly risky and ambitious robberies. "Oliver" is a brilliant, eye-catching brilliant movie and has acted excellently through talented casting. Moody recreates his stage role with a considerable vervel, steals the film from youngsters with his energetic performance like Fagin. Lester and Wild behave well as young pockets, while Wallis enthusiastically creates Nancy's role, and Reed generates a real perfection like Sikes. The musical numbers are organized with incredible precision and a sense of play - Onna White's Oscar-winning choreography helps to make memorable songs and dancing songs, but also the lively artists and Carol Reed's skillful play also play their role. Unforgettable songs include "Glorious Foods for Food," "Consider," "You've Picked Up One Pocket or Two," "I Do Anything" and "Oom-Pah-Pah" - all the extremely appealing songs, well put together. The movie is a fun experience and never misses a momentum of 153 minutes. Stay back and enjoy!
