OLIVER TWIST had to have a controversy as well as a success after Dickens published it in 1837. His image of life in the urban ghettos was something shocking and new and making the central figures of the novel to include the criminals was another innovation. /> <br /> One day she was going to London and a young girl she had been a friend of her. He greeted, but he was pretty rigid with him. He could not understand that. A few days later they met again and asked what he had done to upset him. "Well, if you need to know, I did not like your last novel," she said. "Indeed, everyone thinks a lot about this." He was puzzled, "What's wrong with her?" "Oh, Charles," she said, "I'm Jewish. How could you make such a character as Fagin?" He had not expected this one: "Well ... you know that last year was judged by Ikey Solomon, the thief's coach. He was a model for Fagin and he was a Jew." <br /> <br /> Dickens discovered he did not fix things. "Yes," she replied, "has received what it deserves, but Charles did not call it the" Jewish Solomon, "as you call Fagin the" Jew ", moreover, Solomon did not plan a murder. to admit that he could have gone away.He left to think about what he said Oliver Twist was published in several editions Dickens tried to improve Fagin a little, then he got an idea. resumed the chapter called "Fagin's Last Night Alive", showing fears in man while confronting hooking. He also added some extra details. He let his female friend know about his decision to change Fagin One day or later he met her at a friend's house He looked at him as if he was crazy "Did not you like the changes?" he asked. Charles, what changes - he is still a villain called the "Jew"! "She replied," Yes, I kept those inside, but you do not have how frightened he was in the cell of death in prison. The young woman had noticed this, but she felt it was so bad that she deserved such fears. "Ah ... then I was right ... and you saw the little details I've added?" He asked. "What details?" She replied. "When you see Fagin for the first time when he prepares for dinner ... did you read that?" Dickens looked at her expecting a sign of recognition. Instead, the lady seemed confused. "I read that he was at the fireplace, but I had to get rid of the passage." Dickens smiled as if shining: "He's cooking a pork sausage for dinner." - What! She exclaims. "Eat pork, my dear ... see - he's not a good Jew!" His friend looked at him, shook his head, and, horribly, left his friend's house. She has not been talking to him for years. Dickens has never totally eliminated fanaticism, but the situation has led to a partial attempt to modify his last complete novel. IN THE FIRST MUTUAL FRIEND (1865) he has a minor character, Mr. Riah, which is used by an unscrupulous owner to collect large rents from poor tenants. The owner says Mr. Riah will be blamed for being a Jew. But Mr. Riah is a good man. He's a very good man. He is a very, very, very, very good man - so good that he is unbelievable. If Fagin saw Mr. Riah in action, he would probably drive him out with a stick. The anti-Semitic image of Fagin remains to this day. It is a measure of Dickens' genius as a writer that the novel surpasses. However, by presenting the story of the film, it still causes problems to scriptwriters and directors: how, after the Holocaust, can a film be made of a worthy novel without inflaming fanaticism? David Lean showed how Alec Guiness appeared in one or two scenes showing a human face and a crowd at the end with true dignity. Sir Carol Reed, in his musical version of the novel, has done better yet, thanks to a rewrite in the original script of the music. <br /> <br /> OLIVER was turned into a musical hit at the West End in the mid-1960s and then went to Broadway where it was again a hit. With a wonderful score by Lionel Bart, which includes "Food Glorious Food," "I Am Reviewing the Situation," "Consider," "Boy For Sale," "Who Will Buy," "deserves success. he did well, including his nephew Oliver Reed as Sykes, Ron Moody as Fagin, Mark Lester as Oliver, Jack Wild as Dodger, Shani Wallis as Nancy and Harry Secombe as Mr. Bumble. There have been no great musical successes in Hollywood for a decade - the last musical that won the best Oscar image was GIGI in 1958. OLIVER won it in 1968. And Fagin - how to deal with the eternal caricature problem? Well, in Fagin music is not captured, judged and executed after all, even Lean showed that Fagin tried to control his confederacy in his actions, but here Fagin realizes that he becomes too old to depend on this lively life Although he loses his treasures the stolen objects they keep because he knew his value and admired his beauty), decides that he can reform himself. He is allowed to do this, along with his faithful acolytes, Artist Dodger. I do not think Dickens would have appreciated the change (his female friend might have), but a modern audience certainly accepts it as appropriate.
