As a Dickens fan of my life, I was invariably disappointed with the adaptations of his novels. Although his work has shown an extremely accurate redefinition of human life at all levels of the Victorian Great Britain, an omnipresent thread that could be both playful and sarcastic as the dictated narrative. In a way, he was a literary caricaturist and cartoonist. He could be serious and hilarious in the same sentence. He stung pride, enlightened arrogance, celebrated modesty and felt lonely and poverty. He may be a cliché, but he was a writer of the people. And the comedy is so often lacking in its interpretations. At the time of writing, Oliver Twist is serialized in BBC television. All misery and cruelty are theirs, but not of humor, irony, and wild greed. The result is just a dark and bleak experience: the story is written by a journalist rather than by a novelist. It's not Dickens at all. <br /> <br /> "Oliver!" On the other hand, it is much closer to the brand. The beating of the official is perfectly interpreted, from the flourishing beadle to the drunk magistrate. The classic beadle pillar and Mr Brownlow, in which the law is described as "a bottom, an idiot," could not have been better done. Harry Secombe is an ideal choice. But the dazzling cruelty is also there, the agonizing indifference of the state, the cold, hunger, poverty and loneliness are as surely as the Master would have wanted. And then there is a crime. Ron Moody is a treasure of the Jewish fence, and Oliver Reid has Bill Sykes to perfection. Perhaps it is not surprising that Lionel Bart - himself a Jew in East London - takes liberty with Fagin re-interpreting him as a more mild man than Dicken's original. In his novel, he was absolutely ruthless, sending some of his boys to the gallows to protect himself (though he was also caught and hung). While in the film, he is portrayed as a young figure, a sort of charitable thief, rather than a corrupter of children, the latter being a long-standing anti-Semitism. Otherwise, very few freedoms are taken with Dickens' original. All the most memorable items are included. Only sufficient threat and violence are retained to ensure narrative fidelity, while allowing children's sensitivity. Nancy is still beaten to death, Bullseye is easily drowned and Bill Sykes gets a true picture. All the songs are excellent, although they lean toward schmaltz. Mark Lester mimes great. Both his screenplay and my favorite screenplay is where the world lives "who will buy". It's schmaltzy, but it's Dickens through and over. We could go further. I could love the wonderful sets, the contrast of the rich and the poor. There are high-quality actions by many British directors than you could shake a stick. I should give him 10 points, but I feel more like Scrooge today. Enjoy your Christmas dinner. None of the original was better achieved.
