Almost too well done ... "John Carpenter's vampires" was fun, a solid piece of popcorn-entertainment, with a budget small enough not to be outdone by special effects. And, of course, in order to see "From Dusk Till Dawn". "Vampires: Los Muertos" is the same as Jon Bon Jovi, who plays one of the main characters, but he does almost that well ...: I did not see Jon Bon Jovi in ​​another movie, so I can not to compare his role to "Vampiri: Los Muertos" with his other roles, but we were very surprised by his good performance. After the movie started, he persuaded me not to wait for him to take his guitar and sing "My Life" or something like that, but to kill the vampires without mercy and do a job to do . That's a lot, because some of the audience (and I) probably thought: "... just because it's a rockstar ..." Of course Bon Jovi is not James Woods, but to be honest: it could have been a lot worse and, in my opinion, Bon Jovi did a very good performance. The vampire played by Arly Jover is not a leather killing machine of a vampire leader I've met in Part One (or similar in "Ghosts of Mars"). Jover plays the vampire very seductively and very sexy, moving like a cat, attacking as fast as a snake and dressed in a thin, very light and very transparent, erotic cloth. And even the optical effects that support her way of movement are very well done. You really need beats. But the director is in some parts of the film just avoiding the transformation of the movie from an action-horror movie into a sensible horroromier like Murnau's "Nosferatu". You can almost see the director's attempt to create a VERY VERY personal film and different from the original. This is the real strength of the film and, at the same time, its weakest point: the audience celebrating the blood of the first film probably awaits for the second time a fun-filled bathroom and might be a little disappointed. Do not make a mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is a fun blood bath, but it's not always this type of movie. Think about the barracks massacre as compared to the scene where the vampire tries to seduce Zoey in ruins: Barracks is what you expect from American popcorn-amusement, the seductive scene-Zoey-in-the-ruins is the most European cinema (the film is eager to tell us more about the relationship between Zoey and the vampire but refuses the answers at the same time because it slowed down the action, showed the public a vampire with a human past, a being suffering now and not just a beast that has just killed someone). And that's the purpose for me that decides whether the movie is accepted by the original movie audience or not. And it's also about the audience "From Dusk Till Dawn"? I'm not sure about that. However, Tommy Lee Wallace did a very good job, "Vampires: Los Muertos" is surprisingly good. But I also think that directing a sequel to a popcorn Wallace movie is sometimes almost too creative, too expressive. As if he keeps from developing his talent to meet the expectations of the audience. In my opinion, Wallace's talent fills the film with life and can sometimes suck it at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is almost too well done. (Give 7 of 10)
