In the first three films by Frank Sinatra, it was simply a special act: it is apparently played, he is just showing off to sing a song during a series of nightclubs in someone else's movie. In the fourth film, Blue and Eyes, very pleasing, "Young Blue" turns into actor acting as a real role ... an easier task for playing in a fictional story that offers the chance to win some numbers. <br /> <br /> The entrance of Sinatra is quite funny. Michele Morgan hears a knock at the door and asks who's there. From the outside, a Hoboken-toned voice answers "Frank Sinatra". Sure enough ... <br /> <br /> The opening credits of "Higher and Higher" can confuse some viewers as the names of composers Rodgers and Hart are visibly displayed. In fact, they only contributed a song to this musical: "Disgustingly Rich", which this song managed to throw as an intro to a completely different song, "I'm a debutant." Interestingly, the Rodgers & Hart song - one of the weakest - is probably the least-liked song in the movie's score; others are alive, especially "It's a most important business," "When it comes to love, you're on your own" and "I've seen you first." Sinatra is good in this movie, but it would do better work (and play better material) elsewhere. The real values ​​of "Height and Height" are the delightful moments of artists who rarely have made movies. Paul and Grace Hartman were an extremely popular wife-wife dance team who starred in several Broadway magazines: truly graceful dancers, they put a lot of physical comedy in their dance material. Grace Hartman, who died of cancer at the age of 48, made almost no film, so it's a real pleasure for this movie to give us a rare chance of seeing her close, hearing her beautiful singing voice and to see how sexy she looks in her maid's uniform. After Grace Hartman's death, her husband had a long career as a character actor, occasionally dancing solo. (Or next to Ken Berry in a memorable episode in "Mayberry RFD"). Also pretty attractive in a maid's uniform here in "Higher and Higher," is Marcy McGuire's next teenage singer. Why did not this girl have talented several movies? Perhaps it was a bit too similar to Betty Hutton. I like Hutton's performance, but I like Marcy McGuire even better. Near the end of the "Higher and Higher" period there is a little physical business fun, in which McGuire and Mary Wickes are waiters, instead to move from meal to dinner to a nightclub. The alternate steps of McGuire and Wickes, tall, are hilarious! Unfortunately, although Leon Errol plays an important role in "Higher and Higher," he has almost no comedy: he never makes the dance celebrated with rubber feet. Jack Haley, despite prominent billing, is also wasted. Very well represented here is Dooley Wilson, inevitably remembered as Sam from "Casablanca." In that film, Wilson made his own singing, but he falsified his keyboard performance, "As Time Goes By". (In real life, Wilson could not play the piano.) Here, in "Higher and Higher", he plays well and gives some fun to the other players. Less pleasant is Mel Odious, I mean Mel Torme. Victor Borge gives a rare interpretation in this film, manipulating his dialogue with skill, but never makes any of the keyboard comedy that he later did in his performances. Forget. "Higher and Higher" is not the idea of ​​anybody about a "great" musical, but it's a delightful pleasure and I'll rate it out on 8 out of 10. Director Tim Whelan, who worked both in the UK and Hollywood, deserves to be much better known.
