Higher and taller was one of Rodgers & Hart's Broadway musicals, who had only 84 Broadway shows in 1940. However, he gave one of their bigger blows never came into my mind. However, the song, so disgustingly rich, the whole Broadway score was canceled when RKO bought the movie rights. Instead, Jimmy McHugh and Harold Adamson were totally new, especially to host Francis Albert Sinatra making his debut debut. Sinatra who made some vocal cousins ​​in previous films, leaves on his side rival singing Bing Crosby. When Bing made his feature debut in The Big Broadcast, he played Bing Crosby. Frank Sinatra took over the role of Frank Sinatra and I can not think of anyone who could have done a better job. <br /> <br /> The chairman of the board is charged third behind stars Jack Haley and Michele Morgan. He's the maid and he's the maids of Leon Errol. In fact, Errol is a millionaire who has not paid his seven-month support. Mainly, because he is about to walk on his stomach in chapter 11 or so he informs the staff. Errol is a delightful old soul for which he works and none of the staff wants to lose a good thing. They value their resources and make Michele Morgan face Errol's daughter who ended up in Switzerland with her mother. The idea is to face a rich bankroll hoping to save family wealth. Only Michele begins to look at another. It's a small plot and is certainly not worse than a lot of musicals, but RKO has invested this film with a good distribution of players. Barbara Hale and Elizabeth Risdon play another débutante and her mother who suspects that something is wrong, Victor Borge is a fortune he does not want to consider, Dooley Wilson, Paul Hartman, Grace Hartman, Marcy McGuire, Mel Torme and Mary Wickes personally. There is not a bad pile at all. Sinatra sang three good ballads, they all had a kind of commercial success, The Music Stopped, a great way to spend an evening and I could not sleep for a moment last night. The latter was nominated for an Oscar for best song, but was lost because of Alice Faye, which you never know. 1943 was the year of Union Strike of the musician against the record industry. Frank Sinatra recorded the songs from Higher and Higher with an acapella for Columbia. Bing Crosby recorded songs from his Dixie movie in the same way for Decca. Both were denounced by Union President James C. Petrillo as strikebreakers and both have not crossed the pioneering line again. The strike was not fully established until 1944, although Decca broke the rank earlier than other record companies and settled earlier than Columbia, RCA Victor and others. The blow offered some anxious moments for Sinatra. He just left the Orchestra Tommy Dorsey when the strike was called. She closed a place for her art when she was not sure if Dorsey's leaving would prove to be a good career move. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, Higher and Higher has been received and a legend has been released.
