I imagine that Victorian literature sinks slowly into the grove of the increasingly distant past, pulled down by the weight of its sub-spans. Over time, television also comes: at best, it has a power of redemption, and with dramatizations such as the ones the BBC produces so well, Victorian literature gets a new blow to life. Religious topics, moral subtleties, may become more and more sick in a world that can no longer be easily shocked and familiar with cohabitation, affairs, and domestic violence. But the old and well-told stories have a lasting force, and this is a hidden gem. It's hard to measure today how enviable, feminist and extraordinary masterpiece of Ann Bronte, "The Wildfell Locator," was actually. Appeared from the primitive stream of restrictive corsets? corporal, mental, societal? her hero, Helen Huntingdon, escapes a miserable marriage, runs brutality and alcoholism, confronts not only the fury of her abusive husband, but also the strange intolerance of society and wicked gossip to change her life. She pays a price; but retains self-esteem; she falls in love along the way; she gets old, but victorious and strong. I like to see women like this on the screen. Are the actors good? the best British have to offer. The love story is beautifully manipulated, with a real passion and sensation of well-suited actors. Tara Fitzgerald lives in every aspect of the complicated heroine and, as other reviewers have said here, no less well-defined and beautiful a face could survive that petrifying hairstyle. Toby Stephens, sparking sparks on her, only contributes to the right mix of capricious, beautiful youngsters and passionate vulnerability and desire. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actors ever) enjoys himself as a charismatic character (so much that you are close to him at the end, no one is perfect). Support support creates a world where you sink without feeling that gross compromises have been made to modern tastes and without being preached. Another classic BBC, highly recommended: romantic literature should be dramatized.
