Spoilers ..... I saw the original on TV some time ago and I remembered that this production is less exciting than most of the Beeb costume costume. I rewatch on DVD this week and I still have the same impression on it. It's a good story at first, but it gets weaker when the heroine becomes so terribly courageous and noble, and returns to her husband who is totally despicable when she's sick and I've become so completely irritated with their saintliness. I suppose this was "what to do" when the story was written and contributed a lot of Angst, and it was difficult for a woman to be independent of her husband as marriage did it no more his possessions, not to mention scandalous pursuit with a lover, as I expected a lot of modern audience would have wanted to see. But it's hard to face health nowadays, and especially when this heroine has a strong and brave admirer to defend it from everyone and everyone. So the story about the film is unequivocal. It is well done as novel, but somewhat irritating like a kind of today's life. hero Statornic Gilbert was certainly a saint to put up with his ladylove variable and often cryptic behavior of self-denial and persistence and to be so sustained consistently. So I felt that a great shame that when Helen was finally free to be with him, the script is not a little more than about a minute to fall to each other for a quick hug before the titles came . This was totally ridiculous when we waited all this time through everything that sentiment leaks over the undeserving husband for a bit of decent dialogue and a good hug between the hero and the heroine. Instead, the conclusion was that filmmakers were out of time or funded or simply could not be disturbed. "Here you are - a minute, do what you can in this, then cut while the director wants to come home now ....." I was left feeling completely disappointed. However, the very great rewards to action by Toby Stephens a perfect and very beautiful hero, and Rupert Graves a wonderful ugly and self-dwarf dude. Tara Fitzgerald was satisfactory within the boundaries of the scenario that forced her to be a depressing and sanctifying victim for so long. That being said, I like the classical dramas and basically all of them are better viewed than much of the "modern" drama on TV these days. So, 7 stars, because despite irritation, it's still a good time.
