I first saw this mini-series a few years ago in British television and was immediately captivated by the story. This was rather surprising that I am not a big fan of "Jane Eyre" or "Wuthering Heights"; I think the heroine of the former is a blanket of self-righteousness, and the second piece of work is like a buzz. "The Wildfell Hall tenant," as well as the aforementioned works, is also depressing in parts. However, the darker parts of the film have been offset by the enthusiasm of Helen's escape, the stunning and beautiful Yorkshire landscape and sexual magnetism by Toby Stephens, and this film illustrates the frustratingly restrictive lifestyle of all the women at that time, at best, they have suffered from a form of domestic minor tyranny, as illustrated by the treatment of Markham women. At the other end of the scale, there is unhappy Helen who is married to a rich man of height, but she is exposed to brutality and humility alternating with long periods of neglect. She runs away and experiences a brief moment of freedom, but as a mystery woman lives alone in a rural community, is inevitably the subject of gossip and speculation. Fitzgerald Country is Excellent - Suf Helen Markham, not only incredibly beautiful (despite that tremendously stunning hairstyle) with the most amazing cheekbones, she is also more than able to play the central role in the movie. The country is worthy and removed, while at the same time it allows us to see that Helen is still dangerously vulnerable. Rupert Graves IS CURVED, but curiously attractive, Arthur Huntingdon - after seeing him, I could never imagine another actor playing that part. Pam Ferris deserves a special mention for her role as Gilbert's indisputable mother, as well as the actress who interpreted Rose's sister, and Simon Carter, who is a vain virgin with a taste for Good Things in Life. Finally, I could watch this movie only for Toby Stephens; he is so good, robust, sexy, sensitive (but not in a sentimental way). I'm not even sure if he's a good actor because my hormones keep me from objectively judging him! If there is a guilt with the movie, it's about using flashbacks that we felt we interfered with the story stream and made it a little confusing. Other people who watched this movie with me also had problems with this and learned that I had to explain that some scenes were in fact retrospective. I am extremely grateful to the people responsible for making this film. Not only did I shoot the film (a rare event), but they made me buy a superb novel by Anne Bronte. Naturally, this was better than the movie, but only through a narrow edge. I recommend that someone interested in watching the movie and then reading the book in this order. <br /> <br />
