Snowy River II man does not reinvent the wheel, but it is a beautiful movie that enjoys the crowd, which hits some wonderful notes. For fans who want the elements that made the original film Man From Snowy River a hit movie (breathtaking scenery, swept score, sweet romance and crack action) this movie really offers. This story goes back a few years since the end of the first, Jim (Tom Burlinson) went to collect his fortune in a stock chicken stock. He returns to take his place with Jessica (a divine Aussie woman, Sigrid Thornton), who is still trying to get out of her cowboy education on the cattle cat of the feather (Harrison is now played by American Brian Dennehy). Jim's foil and the plot-shuffling character are Alistair Patton's super-snob (Nicholas Eadie), who has his eyes on Jessica. Add to the mix some social tensions surrounding the land and the stallion with a bad attitude from the first film and that's the plot. The best thing about this movie is the act. Tom Burlinson fits perfectly into Jim's wide hat and laconic humor. Sigrid Thornton is a delightful heroine and the two are running real-world chemistry on the screen. Filling Kirk Douglas's solid shoes will never be easy, and Brian Dennehy stomps and shouts, but he never feels very authentic in this part. The music is mature and lush, and cinema could be a roll of a Victoria coil. But there are moments that feel very indulgent, as if the director wants only one helicopter ride to show how wonderful the landscape is without a personal human drama. A little more would have been enough, here we are Aussie, we can take it! There are some very clear moments with a stallion defying the faith. However, the funny things about this movie are those that, among strange clichés, there are some truly inventive and moving scenes. Jim put the saddle on the stallion (VERY WITHOUT whisper before his time) Jim and Jessica set up at home, the fabulous scene in which Jim showed Alistair's rider with his confident whip. I can see why this character is such an icon. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very enjoyable sequel. We hope everyone involved wants to do another. The Man in the Snow III: CRAIGS. I'm sure we all would like to see Jim and Jessica on their farm. The Aussie DVD has several scenes in addition. It's worth it if you're already a fan.
