"Creep" is a new horror film that will undoubtedly thank genius fans simply because it is so down to scratch and pointless! It has many authentic moments of shock, lots of gore-repulsive sequences, and rare claustrophobic tension. What he has not received is logic and a solid plot, but to tell you the truth, that does not bother me for a second. When the final credits start to roll, there are still many unanswered questions, but the director / screenwriter Christopher Smith (in his debut) preferred to focus on the action of tension and adrenaline instead of long speeches and theories could explain the existence the creep on the London Underground. The story revolves around Kate, young and fierce, who leaves her own party to meet the famous actor George Clooney who is in town to present her new film. He falls asleep in the subway, misses the last train, and is trapped in the subterranean underground network. Things become terrifying when he encounters a crazy madman who lives in the old tunnels and kills / kidnaps people to experience. Even homeless people, security workers or sewer workers can not save this bad monster! I really dapped the creep character! It's nauseous, hideous and primitive, but strangely fascinating. Christopher Smith leaves us only clues and suggestions, and the viewer only has to guess the origin and background of this evil creature. I think this is not very original and I'm sure many people will not appreciate the lack of content, but I forgive Smith and I think it's better than going over the top full Jeepers Creepers style that movie started also great, but as soon as the identity of the Creeper was clear, it turned into a very mediocre horror effort). The obvious aspect of love is the outrageous gore! There are some serious butcases that happen in this movie, and the makeup, as well as the sound effects, are very convincing. The menacing setting of London's abandoned subway is effectively used. There is also a talented talent in this film, with Run Lola Run, back to the graphic horror of almost five years after the German film Anatomy. Creep is a wonderful fun when you're in a state of undiscovered and Christopher Smith is certainly a director I'll keep in mind. Make sure you do not have to take a subway right after watching this movie ...
