This is a small shocker; not perfect of any stretching of imagination, but close, competent and disturbing. An excellent example of a simple idea has developed into a 90-minute scenario. <br /> <br /> Configuration requires no bells and whistles, no long exhibition or story back; Kate (Franka Pontente), a young German business woman living in London, is moving away while waiting for the last train. He wakes up to find the deserted place, but he realizes quickly that he is not alone. Someone or something is there with her, and her intentions are entirely damaging. In fact, she meets some other characters in her quest to survive, including a lecherous colleague, a homeless couple, and a sewer worker, all adding rhythm and substance to the plot. There is a slight shift in speed somewhere in the middle of the movie, when the tension thriller turns into a fest gore, but it is not so clumsy to slow down the rhythm. For those of you with mild disposition, this is probably a difficult ride; for those of you who are enjoying a bit of well-done carnal chaos, this should press on all the correct buttons. The climax of the film is probably less successful than the main body of the film, but it is punctuated with a beautiful social comment unexpected moment, which provides a satisfactory conclusion. Some may feel somehow deceived by a clear explanation of the nature and exact history of the threat encountered by Kate and her confederates, however, it was not for me. A horror film writer should not need to feel bound at every point and pass through each other in the same way that a political thriller writer would expect. There are enough clues here to give you a very clear idea of ​​what this evil has brought into existence, making a thorough and conclusive solution unnecessary. Maintaining a certain sense of mystery is welcome and reminds us that in this film the journey will always be more important than the exact destination. My understanding is that the budget for this film was, at least, minimal, in which case our applause for this British horror should be even stronger, because at no time does it seem that the corners are cut or the effects they manage to be delivered. <br /> <> If it sounds like a movie, it probably is. Buy a ticket and get on board.
