Emory is a steel worker in Cincinatti, like his father, and for the most part of the twentieth century, the twin pillars of his family's existence were steel and union. Moara, who once hired 45,000, saw his number dropping 5,000 years ago and 1 now, because the plant just closed its doors, leaving only one guard. In the beginning, the newly unemployed Emory and his friends enjoy their independence, spending around the city and carats in their favorite bar, where they are down "deep accusations" with reckless abandonment. They believe the mill will be reopened after listening to the optimistic spirits of the Republicans, but the reality begins to sink when they find selling their personal vehicles in a fight to put food on the table and prevent the house from being blocked. Emory's father - a dedicated union man - is sure the plant will reopen and remind his son of all short-term closures during his 35 years of the mill. Meanwhile, some unemployed men give birth to work or feed in their trucks and find themselves desperately seeking employment. Ultimately, the union recognizes its impotence, as Emory explains to her stubborn father that the times have changed and that the mill will never be opened again. Emory asks with boredom: "What am I wrong?" as a whole life of hard work and devotion to service, union, church and family left him with nothing and nowhere to return. He touches the bottom of the stone when, in a furious rage, he manipulates his young sons and beats his wife on the floor. Moving away from her own house and clinging to the plant manager's comments that he and his men did not work hard enough to justify their substantial wages, Emory recruits steel workers who have just gone to do something that will show everyone capable of. In the morning, they break down in the mill, the furnaces heat up and work harder than they ever did in their life, producing in one shift enough high-quality steel pipes to fill the wall-to-wall loading docks from above down - something the plant manager was impossible. <br /> <br /> Arriving abruptly at the plant, the stunning manager looks around at an extraordinary exit that came from a single day of work, realizing that such a production could make the plant profitable again. The manager asks Emory: "Can you do this every day?" Emory is forced to "no" and the manager asks: "Then what are you trying to prove?" Emory explains that tens of years of hard work, honesty, and devotion to their job was meaningful, and showing how much it could produce in a single day, "We just spit in the eye." Emory pleads good-bye to his wife and children as he goes out with his friends to look for a job down south, promising to move his family when he finds it. <br /> <br /> It is a strong and honest treatment of the difficult situation of US workers displaced by foreign competition and provides a realistic picture of the costs they bear for the lack of vision of soliciting concession syndicates and greedy plant owners who extracted every penny they could get from their factories, but never gave them again by modernizing them. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his college brother, Pamela Reed as the sympathetic wife of Emory and John Doucette as heirloom, turn into excellent performances in this beautiful image.
