Ah, McBain? The name of the character is immortalized and forever ridiculed by "The Simpsons", but will it also always be ?? for me personally, at least ?? remains the name and title of an extremely fun and extremely violent action from the early 1990s; directed by the cool guy who brought us The Exterminator and starred in two of B, Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside heroes (the last one with a little macho queue). I think "McBain" will have to be labeled as a guilty pleasure, because I can not convince anyone that it's an intellectual filming. The film is unbelievably absurd (most of the action heroes are dealing with a small gangster possession - McBain is in charge of a whole country) and yet takes too seriously. The scenario is a non-stop and incoherent spitfire of clichéed situations, nonsensical overthrows, sentimental mandatory interludes, grotesque action sequences in the scene, and implausible character drawings. It's a totally delirious film; I liked. <br /> <br /> Vietnam POW McBain's life is rescued by his soldier Roberto Santos on the very last day of the war. Each one holds a half-dollar mark as a symbol of the fact that McBain is in Santos's duty. Eighteen years later, Santos is a spirited rebel who heads the revolution against the corrupt president of his country of Colombia. Santos's initial attempt to take power fails and he is publicly executed on El Presidente's balcony. The sister travels to New York with the dollar note and returns to McBain for financial assistance and labor. McBain and his former Vietnamese buddies, who happen coincidentally with an injustice in this world, join a small wretched plane and fly to Colombia to open a gigantic bottom box. <br /> <br /> Okay, let's not jump to each other. The fact that you read a user comment on "McBain" already indicates that you are interested in a low-budget B-movie action. One of my reviewers has spent some time compiling a list of all the stupidities and insensitive moments of "McBain." This list is absolutely accurate and I can only compete with it. Heck, I might even add some meaningless sequences to that list (such as the heroic sacrifice of sacrificing a soldier who does not even have any connection with the mission's purpose and the rest of McBain's team), but what's the point? You certainly can not expect a 100% consistent and plausible masterpiece. We know from time to time that it will be a bad and exaggerated flamboyant film and maybe that's the very reason we want to check it out! This is a terrible and exciting film about a bunch of former Vietnamese friends who turn into mercenaries and declare war against the corrupt corrupt president and the national drug cartel. Do not expect another "Revelation Now". This particular filming is based on the macho performance of the macho, a lot of explosions and rifles, and the last but not least ?? a fantastic soundtrack in which Joan Baez plays a "Brothers in Arms" cover.
