When I first heard about the title, I thought of "The Simpsons", like many other commentators, but when I saw the play, I was completely amazed that so many high value actors would actually be in it ! First of all, we have Christopher Walken (Deer Hunter, Pulp Fiction) who plays the title character, McBain. He is saved from a Vietnam warfare camp by some of his friends, one of whom is Santos (Chick Vennera, Yanks) who shares a Bill Dollar with McBain (Vietnamese soldiers are charged with apparent money) and tells him he can 18 years later, Santos and her sister, Christina (Maria Conchita Alonso, The Running Man, Predator 2) join the rebels in Colombia trying to get rid of their evil dictator, El Presidente (Victor Argo, taxi driver, king of New York), and when Santos fails the mission, Christina goes to McBain for help. ask his Vietnamese friends to help him. First is the tough guy of blacks, Eastland, played by Steve James "American Ninja," which was in James Glickenhaus's previous film, "The Exterminator," where the real name of the exterminator was Eastland, coincidence? I do not think. There are also a lot of other references to The Exterminator, among other things, most notably the fact that McBain wears a welding mask himself when Christina sees it for the first time when working on a welding activity over a bridge ! <br /> <br /> The other guys from the Vietnam pack are: the rich guy who can afford all sorts of equipment for the team, Frank Bruce (Michael Ironside, Total Recall, Troopers Starship) and then there's the dock, Dalton (played by Jay Patterson, who does not look like the guy with whom IMDb binds, and I have never seen him in other movies, so who knows) and, last but not least, is the policeman Gill, who had plenty of jobs unsatisfactory, played by Thomas G. Waites, which some of us could remember from The Warriors and The Thing. In other big roles, we find Luis Guzmán Boogie Nights, Way Carlito) as a drug dealer who can not get a decent place. There is also Dick Boccelli, who was locked in a crane over a roof by the McBain hole, almost exactly as he closed it over a John Eastland crusher in a movie exterminator! Now, I have not seen Glickenhaus "Shakedown / Blue Jean Cop", but I'm almost ready to bet a hundred dollars bill that Boccelli also loads in that movie! <br /> <br /> Well, back to the plot of this movie .. they go to Colombia and save the day, yay! But who cares about the intrigue anyway, the distribution is great, and the action scenes are very well done, and you never get bored while watching this movie! Highly recommended to all action lovers!
