First of all, an explanation: In spite of my title, I give this film only 8 stars, because generally this is NOT one of the best movies ever made. All the criticisms recorded here have valid points. You also have to be warned that in order to enjoy the script, you really need to appreciate Neil Simon's brilliance by finding intelligence in the true human banter. He has a distinct New York Dialogue ear for dialogue - especially sues, Jews, loving sarcasm - and if you have trouble accepting sarcasm as an expression of love then you may have trouble accepting optimism at the heart of this film . <br /> <br /> So much for warnings. Here's my main point: Walter Matthau is perfect, even beyond perfect, in this movie. We have never seen it more funny or more exciting for that - because at the same time it shows the hilariousness of this character who refuses to give up the Big Star's self-image or unbearable attitudes, even though his consistency is declining, he it also shows us the most vulnerable, perhaps even scary, scary man. And this barely shows us - it is enough to really get to you if you face the mental decline of your father or your husband right now (I mention this as a warning), but artistically, it is just enough pathetic for to give this character the most authentic deep roots that are seen in the eventual performance of the movie. This is beyond the Method That Works - Matthau's performance is refined as character works and pure delight as comical delivery. This is a masterpiece of the comic book. About Richard Benjamin: Personally, I find it annoying in general, and his work in this movie is no exception - though he has some nice moments here. ("The baby is funny ...." is one of them.) So if you like him, you should love him here, and if not, this movie will not change your mind. <br /> <br /> About the 1976 Oscars ... I agree that Matthau was regrettable that he was against Nicholson in that year's "Nook's Cage." It was a killer year for the leading competition; if there were only separate Oscars for comedy and drama, then I think Best Actor Oscars would have gone to Al Pacino for "Dog Day" and Walter Matthau for "The Sunshine Boys" - not to open Jack's work as McMurphy, but I think Pacino and Matthau were each clearer and more amazingly effective and truly legendary in their performances than Nicholson was that year. I also think that Burns got the Oscar actor more for sentimental reasons than for the quality of his performance - that is, he was good in this movie, but not so well. (Burns returns to the biz show, Biz has really beaten Brad Dourif's debut in "Cube Cup", not to mention Chris Sarandon's amazing debut in "Dog Day Afternoon" - which I believe prove my theory. ) <br /> <br /> Oscar theories were aside, here I am: "If you like Matthau's comedy, then see this movie and enjoy its power outputs and gorgeous gestures inspired by the grandmother, faint and seemingly unscriptural facial expressions (But if you are currently in the pain of seeing an old person lose adherence, then be warned that this movie could be either the comical relief you need or a dose of too painful reality to look at now).
