I read Pearl S Buck's first splendid novel in my class of the 9th grade, and I liked every exciting page. It was almost inevitable that Hollywood would understand it, and since it was done in 1937, the results are excellent. Certain things must be accepted: in 1937 there was no question of casting Asian actors into a great Hollywood film. In a way this makes the final product more interesting than if it could have used a more authentic distribution. With this overflow obstacle, executive producer Irving Thalberg and director Sidney Franklin (among others) had trouble choosing a splendid and stellar distribution. Paul Muni plays the role of Wang Lung. Muni was at the top of his powers as an actor during this period and could very much play everything he put his mind on. Once you've gone through your makeup (it's fine, but no one will really mistake it for a Chinese man), its performance has all the veracity of the best work. Then there is Luise Rainer. Beginning with the Oscar in the previous year for her performance in "THE GREAT ZIEGFELD," the Viennese actress star was growing up and was given the role of O-lan babe despite the lack of Hollywood experience. Her performance won a second consecutive Oscar, the first time in history that has happened. Many critics have been directed at Rainer's performance, and her Oscar won here. She was called wood and a note. There is a small thread of truth in this regard. However, this being said, all you have to do is go back to the book. For Rainer, though not a Chinese, he played O-lan pretty much as Buck wrote; is actually a splendid performance and one of the best card-to-screen transfers I've ever seen. Regarding the rest of the cast, MGM was good. They had the largest number of star players and Hollywood characters at the time and a great budget to pay the best and eventually got the best results. The film softens Wang Lung's marriage with O-lan somewhat. In the novel, wealth comes the lusts of the flesh and takes a concubine, a move that devastates his wife, but her feelings as a single woman do not look at him. In the film, an old Wang Lung returns to his wife, on the deathbed, the two pearls he had taken from his years, realizing too late that he was his true love. Corny, yes. But that's Hollywood. In view of the obstacles it faces, the film might have opened up to laughter. But, despite the considerable deficiency of the real Asians in the show, this film surprisingly surpassed the passage of seventy-three years. In fact, the most amazing thing about this movie is how good it is, when it could be so easily a disaster.
