What Irving Thalberg did in making this film today will never be tried again. Making a Chinese story with Western players, even though they are Paul Muni, Luise Rainer, Charley Grapewin and Walter Connolly, among others. Perhaps it is partly because the story was written by a western, Pearl Buck, who won a Pulitzer Prize for her novel in 1932. Ms. Buck, the daughter of the Chinese missionaries, probably brought China closer to America's consciousness than any other person. Not China's political struggles, but the lives and toils of the everyday people we find in the Good Earth. Unfortunately, later, Pearl Buck became apologist for China Kuomintang of Chiang Kai-Shek in all his virtues and excesses. The rest of his literary production never matches The Good Earth. In The Sundowners there is a great description of China's comparison with Australia by Peter Ustinov. When the difference was asked, Ustinov said that China was very big and very full, and Australia was very big and very empty. This is what you see in The Good Earth, China very large and very full of people, more than it can sometimes do. Good Earth tells the story of Wang Lung (Paul Muni), a young man who buys a wife from a large house where he was a slave. The O-Lan woman (Luise Rainer) bears her two sons and sees him in all the good and bad times they have, the drought, the famine, the revolution and the climatic plague of the locusts. Luise Rainer won the second of two consecutive Oscars for portraying O-Lan. He may have set up a recording because he has to be the best Oscar player with the lowest number of dialogue. Everything that is practically done with facial expressions, her performance could have been on a silent film with very small subtitles. I think only John Mills from Ryan's daughter had fewer words and played a mentally retarded man. Muni is not always appreciative of how it is supported in the male-dominated culture. Rainer helps on the ground, wears and raises children, makes households. When Muni becomes a property man, he takes a Chinese wife the second trophy that causes him a lot of pain. The Rainer style bears the Stoic. However, Muni is not a bad man and is a tribute to his film, his actor and Buck, that you do not hate him and that the distance between cultures is overcome. <br /> <br /> Now we have a group of Oriental players who do more than Kung Fu movies. I'm surprised that the Good Earth of all the movies has not been remodeled at this time. I bet the Chinese government would even let an American company do it in a real location. Until then we have this great class to appreciate and enjoy.
