This movie was badly received and examined badly. Rebecca West's book was written in 1918, shortly after the First World War, when shellfish shock and trauma-induced amnesia were not cliches, as reviewers call more books and movies later. It is difficult to return in time and experience, as the characters did, the realities of the times: the war and the horror of the First War experience of using lethal gas, the British class system that the wife considered to be very important, the hopeless spinster and the lover of the past , still seen with the eyes of love, being as young and beautiful as 20 years ago. Alan Bates, the amnesiac soldier who "will die" if he is not allowed to see Margaret, to his youthful dreams, is based on the devotion that his character portrays in "Far From the Madding Crowd." After seeing this performance, we may feel its strong romantic attachment to the girl who did not respect the expectations of family and society. Margaret says: "We have quarreled and, as you disappeared, you turned away from me." So we know that parting was something he instigated, that he brought shame, but that he forgot the shame in remembrance of his time with Margaret. I did not see all the movies, but in the ones I saw, it gives a strong masculinity, which shines even in this role as a disabled soldier. I did not even recognize Ann-Margaret at first and feel that her performance was undervalued. I did not read the book, I wondered if the child who died was the result of acting in an incestuous feeling between Jenny and Chris, though Jenny says she is "cousin." The way Kitty keeps Jenny in the garden on the hair drying scene, Kitty says he always dries his hair in that room, it seems more to Kitty to keep the coal of hot fury than the orientation of the room to the sun or the feeling of a a lost child, and the statement she had made that she wanted Chris not to feel necessary to keep the room exactly the way she was when she was alive, made her look careless in her child's memory. Jenny is also shown as living in a subordinate role, as a high society would have done to a fallen member at that time. After being the recipient of the intense fantasy of a non-sexual boyfriend, taking into account the death of time) 50 years ago, I was able to talk about Margaret's dilemma and her husband. I was left aside because I was not good enough for his family, and after his rediscovering over the Internet, I was burdened to help him handle his still scary experiences in Vietnam and a marriage with a woman on top whom he did not think he loved. My husband, like Margaret, was very wise, but the strain was very real. The boyfriend eventually managed to reconcile his real-life situation with his fantasy of loving only me. I thought it was a good decision to show very little about the resumption of the war experience that had happened in Chris's mind. I thought of "Mrs. Dalloway" with the soldier of the First World War, who acts in very violent memories and sucks in the joy of Chris in Margaret's fantasy. Instead, the action of the soldier in "Mrs. Dalloway" appears to be overstretched. Showing that the psychiatrist understood very little about what happened to Chris, he points out what major problem the whole group is facing. Everyone seems to make their lives back, but was it the right choice?
