has just seen this extraordinary film from 1982 Return of the Soldier, based on Rebecca West's novel. It is a captain who has shocked forty-six and who does not even tell his wife that he has returned to British territory but remains in a hospital in London. He has lost his memory and is again a boy, with a persistent yen for his inferior girlfriend he has been pursuing 25 years ago. It's a delicate story. He is in childhood, while the reader discovers that his wife is an unbearable and aspiring society that wants him to resume his place in society. Living with them is Jenny's cousin, who loved soldier Chris Baldry when they grew up as playmates but had settled in spinsterhood. The lower-class woman, played by Glenda Jackson, is Margaret Gray. She is informed that Chris has returned to England. Kitty Kitty's wife is shocked when Mrs. Gray comes to tell him that Chris is in a hospital in London. Kitty (Julie Christie) is naked and snobbish. Why, she wonders herself, this other woman sent a telegraph about Chris rather than her? Chris totally forgot about Kitty. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. Margaret now marries her reluctance to meet him, but then continues to meet with him. There is a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) who warns Kitty and Jenny that Chris's temporary happiness with Margaret will disappear if he heals him. Jenny realizes how empty Kitty is for Chris and forms a loving secret alliance through Margaret. Both are in love with him. Jenny wants to help. Later in the movie, Kitty reveals that Chris and her had a boy who died five years ago. Telling Chris this, weighs the psychiatrist, will certainly restore him to "normal". But is that a good idea? Chris, barely aware that he and Kitty were married, did not know his child and the child's death. The psychiatrist, just learning the child, thinks such knowledge will restore Chris. Jenny and Margaret have all Chris for them, because Kitty thinks she pretends and refuses to accept Chris's illness in returning to his youth in the 1940s. The film leaves it to the utmost to consider what to do with Chris. But Jenny and Margaret, in the baby's well-kept bedroom - Kitty in the novel, but not in the script - discuss what they think Chris should do about their separate perspectives. Margaret is the critical one here because, although she is married, she fell in love with her half with Chris. Jenny's social status, Jenny thinks, will be threatened if Chris does not manage. She does not reveal that to Margaret, though. Margaret decides, looking ahead, that Chris can not keep his fantasy in time, but he has to go back to something like a real life. While Kitty and Jenny look out of the window, Margaret approaches Chris and tells his lost son. The warrior's head sinks, drops its shoulders, looks away. He turns his finger to the house. Fin <br /> <br /> I read a critique of this first novel by Rebecca West. The novel was written after the first war. The movie is never clear who Jenny is, his cousin or sister. He would be smarter if he were his sister, of course. Neither criticism is unclear. I'm sure West in her novel makes sure Jenny is her cousin, not her sister. West is neither Henry Miller nor Anais Nin, whose book Incest (about her relationship with her father as an adult to get with him for her molestation as a child) we considered reading, but then decided against. Rebecca, the author, needs the restoration of Chris. And she has outposts in her head for Society, her novel excuses first, but eventually embraces once again.
