"The Shop around the Corner (1940)" is a pleasant romantic comedy, not the one I'll hold my dear until the end of my days, but still a movie that deserves a very good reputation. In 1940, director Ernst Lubitsch took long ago Hollywood through the storm, and the famous "Touch of Lubitsch" became a trademark sparkling brand. This movie was scheduled for release in 1939, but programming conflicts meant that James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan were not available for filming. Rather than replacing one of his main stars, Lubitsch decided to postpone production, meanwhile guiding Greta Garbo in Ninotchka (1939). When it was finally completed, "The Shop Around the Corner" seems to have been met with relative indifference, receiving Oscar nomination nights, despite a great scenario by Samson Raphaelson and the excellent performance of the two leaders and Frank Morgan in a supporting role. Time, however, betrayed the massive and durable influence of the film, with remarkable remakes, including "In The Old Old Summer (1949)" and "You Have Got Mail (1998)". its surface, we might assume that the "corner shop" is simply the story of two lovers, Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart), who love each other without knowing it. However, Lubitsch's film goes much deeper than that. It's the story of Matuschek and Company, a stylish gift shop in Budapest, and the various human relationships that make the store a family so close. When the owner of the store, Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) begins to suspect the oldest employee to have an affair with his wife, we are witnessing the breakdown of two families, both at home and at work. Is there absolutely no reason why the story should not have been established in the United States? maybe on the brilliant streets of New York? but Lubitsch deliberately recreated the passions and memories of previous years in Europe, the strange love and life before the war brought terror and shedding blood to every door. This subtle subtle brings a better personal touch to the movie? in fact, even when I write this review, I begin to appreciate the story even more. Sullavan and Stewart are both wonderful in their roles, but I think it's a distribution that really supports the movie. Each character brings a distinct personality to the mix and its interactions are always credible and enjoyable. I especially liked the way Lubitsch knowingly directed a great deal of our sympathy for Hugo Matuschek, who, in any other film, would have been limited to a two-dimensional subdimensional portrayal. Matuschek may have lost his love for his family, but he regains it in the affection of his employees and feels unimaginable shine when, in the bitter cold of a snowstorm of Christmas, he finds a company in a young freckled team , a boy (Charles Smith). This authentic warmth to a supporting character seems to me to resemble some of Billy Wilder's later creations, for example Boom Boom Jackson in The Fortune Cookie (1966) or Carlo Carlucci in "Avanti!" (1972). , does not need to say, but Billy Wilder learned the best.
