The location of the corner shop is exactly mentioned at the beginning of the movie, Balta Street in Budapest, but it could be in any place. The small number of sets reflects a middle European design, but it could be a store around any corner. The film does not refer to Budapest or to the retail of leather garments, but to the ascensions and descents of love, reflected in most of the main characters. Alfred Kralik and Klara Novak are frightened partners at work, but their anonymity reciprocal letters are filled with hope, aspiration, and love, and the story wants to bring these two aspects to a beautiful place. Hugo Matuschek, the store owner, has problems with her wife, she's just a voice at the end of the phone. Ferencz Vadas has a secret adventure. Ilona Novodny has a gentleman friend who buys her fur garment. Mr Pirovitch's life is centered around his wife and children. Pepi Katona "plays Santa Claus" to a girl at Christmas. You really feel that Flora Katchuck quiet, while you stay at home with her mom dreaming of someone. The script is a masterpiece of comedy and drama. He effortlessly moves from stage to scene. It is one of those reassuring films rewarding looking again and again, simple and profound. Dialogue reflects the character that is not common in these days. <br /> <br /> All the acting is magnificent. Even minor characters, such as the coffee waiter and the street policeman, are perfect. James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan are breaking up perfectly. He really entered his step as an actor and then gave a sweet and sharp performance. Margaret Sullavan was a terrific actor and was appreciated these days. Some of her other films deserve to catch. Like Mr. Matuschek, Frank Morgan is amazing. The moment of his truth moves a lot. Gold plays the role of all performers. It's a well-used phrase, which they do not do as if they used to happen (the vagul re-do 'Ai Got Mail' was terrible), but in this case it is true. Director Lubitsch is not happy but gave a classic film of spirit, charm and warmth to mankind.
