THE CORNER MAGAZINE is one of the most romantic comedies ever he has ever made. There's nothing to be tangled up and it's hard to get your sensation in this movie. It's not one of those movies that is trying too hard, nor did it come with the weirdest possible scenarios to get the two protagonists together in the end. In fact, his charm is innate, contained in the characters and settings and the plot ... which is extremely credible to boot. It's easy to think that such a love story, as beautiful as anybody else who has ever told you, can happen to you ... a feeling you do not often get from other romantic comedies, no matter how sweet and heart could be. <br /> <br /> Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) do not have the best auspices for the first meetings when she gets to the store (MATUSCHEK & Co.), he has worked in the past for nine years, demanding a job. It collapses from the very beginning, especially in a box of cigarettes playing music when it opens - thinks it is an absurd idea; she makes a great sale of it and is hired. Their kicks take them in the next six months, even if both (unconsciously, of course!) They fall in love with each other when they share their souls and minds in letters past PO Box 237. This would be a fairly thin base the whole movie on, except that around the corner shop is an abridged expert with a glittering cast consisting entirely of characters from the parental, but alone Hugo MATUSCHEK (Frank Morgan) himself, who learns that his store is in -deal his house; Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), Kralik's friend and friend who always escapes from the room in the face of being able to ask for his sincere opinion; the enemy pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut), who eventually receives his income from a glorious law Kralik; and ambitious commissioner Pepi Katona (William Tracy), who wants nothing more than being promoted as an official for MATUSCHEK & Co. The unreal love story between "Dear Friends" is played in this small shop in Budapest, Hungary, where Kralik releases him and a subsequent promotion in the store manager, helps the two birds together. It is good for everyone to get a story in this movie; the supporting characters are well developed, and Matuschek's journey alive is almost as moving as Alfred and Clara share. His invitation to the new-born son Rudy (Charles Smith) for the Christmas dinner made in the snowy, beautiful snow of the Hungarian winter makes the audience happy that he is not alone; we have come to look after even the characters whose love story is not the story of this movie. <br /> <br /> In addition to the love story, I have to say that James Stewart is really one of the best things about this movie. He did not play Jimmy Stewart's full-fledged character in this movie (for he is "Mr. Smith Goes To Washington"); in fact, Alfred Kralik is ill and steep and is not particularly kind. He is rather a sudden man, in fact, with little clue (to the end, maybe to the end) of the charming Chinese boy Stewart, who would appear in the house, soon to come to the patent. When he finds out in front of Clara that they were secret correspondents, in fact, Kralik does not feel - waiting to find out how far he can take the chase, especially as he realizes quickly (given his stormy relationship with Clara as chief and emphasized) that the love of the person he knows through the changed letters could not equate himself with the love of the person himself. his description at Clara's fictional Matthias Popkin (what name!) that would become her fiance is hilarious in the extreme, but also his way of proving that the letters do not reveal everything that exists to a man, just like her letters do not reveal everything that exists for her. Stewart plays this perfect role - he keeps control every time Clara insults Mr. Kralik, as he usually does, even (and especially) before him. And yet, one thinks under his pragmatism and professionalism that he could * reveal his identity with such earnestness and sincerity and hope as he does in the end. <br /> <br /> The special mention must also be given to other members of the distribution. Fares Margaret Sullavan rather less well in the first half of the film, but she really enters her own in the closing-shop scene on Christmas Eve, when she gets close to her heart broken again by Alfred the most vivid description of her girlfriend's mailbox. Frank Morgan turns into a great show as the jealous Hugo Matuschek leads him to nervous defamation, the man who has to rediscover his significance in life when he realizes that his 22-year-old wife does not want to "aging with he". And Felix Bressart plays the gentle but loyal role of Pirovitch (a Lubitsch director since he appears as a hilarious Russian ambassador in NINOTCHKA) - a special note is the scene in which his good friend Alfred, the last * really * wishes ... a wallet instead of that absurd cigarette box Clara is so closed. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch boasts even this film - for example, the very generous and meticulous care of detail in the creation of the Matuschek shop deserves the effort, even up to the Hungarian names on the door, commodities and cash registers and so Further. But even if Lubitsch chose to have the story settled in Hungary, the setting is actually universal: it could happen anywhere; it could happen to you. Here is the charm of this simple story, those credible characters that are truly * people. The Christmas Eve Snow is real, or at least as real as Lubitsch, it could do it (snow machines brought at great expense). It is this desire to make everything appear as real as possible, to help transform this story in a more credible way that gives the whole film a dream realism that can not be reproduced. (No, not even in a remake as Message for you.) * * This is really the Jimmy Stewart Christmas movie that people are missing when they talk about a wonderful life. Not to get rid of the merits of the other movie, but it would not be bad, and actually a lot of good, made to watch the CORNER MAGAZINE this Christmas instead. It's sweet, fun, charming, and Stewart is impeccable in his role. We all should be so lucky to have the romance described in this film; the best thing about this movie is that we are coming away from the feeling that we could very well.
