Much about love and life can be learned from tracking at the CORNER MAGAZINE. Ernst Lubitsch had another quiet triumph added to his credit with this wonderful film. With a brilliant dialogue (thanks to his longtime collaborator Samson Raphaelson) and some wonderful performances from a play of rich artists, he has created a truly memorable movie. Always believing in the game of spectators' intelligence and favoring sophistication over paper, the director made a shimmering cinematic scene, led by that elusive, enigmatic quality known as the "Lubitsch" touch. the story is set in Budapest (and there are a number of accents among the players), it has no consequences. The superb simplicity of the plot is that any American city or small city could easily be the locus of action. Jimmy Stewart and Margaret Sullavan are wonderful as clergy lovers of love and then with each other - without knowing it. Their dialogue-so appreciated as to seem absolutely natural-conveys them perfectly to confusion and quiet despair as they seek souls. These are one of the classic love stories of cinema. Cherubic Frank Morgan has a more serious role than usual, that of a man whose transient importance in his little world is shattered when he finds himself a stupid man. A scene forger, he does not allow any excitement to escape the invincible. In addition, Morgan offers the film his most joyful moments - near the end - when he finds out that the youngest employee of his store, a poor young man, enjoys a memorable Christmas night. Joseph Schildkraut adds another live image to his list of screen shots, this time of a Lothario, a murderous sophist, who deserves the punishment he would eventually be subjected to. Gentle Felix Bressart has his best film role as a family man who can not afford to get involved in the store's intrigues, yet remains a firm friend for Stewart. Sara Haden gives the role of a sales clerk. William Tracy is hilarious as an ambitious boy who took advantage of unforeseen developments to mobilize on sales force. In minor roles, Charles Halton plays a senseless detective and Edwin Maxwell appears as a pompous doctor. The film's Mavens will recognize Mary Carr & Mabel Colcord - both unbelievable - in their unique scene as Miss Sullavan's grandmother and aunt.
