Like the comedy duo of his title, "The Sunshine Boys" became a classic forgotten 30 years later. It's hard to remember alongside other big film comedies in the 1970s. This makes no sense, given the singular specialty of this movie, probably the best Neil Simon has ever written. Walter Matthau interprets Willy Clark, once half of a legendary comedy, known as Lewis and Clark, the 73-year-old solo act that can not get a job in a potato chip commercial. His grandson and agent Ben (Richard Benjamin) are confident he can get a job if Willy agrees to meet his alienated partner, Al Lewis (George Burns), for an ABC-TV celebration of nostalgia for the show. Nostalgia is what "Sunshine Boys" has beaten in the very beginning when a series of movie clips from the 1920s, which featured different dance artists from the past, pass before us towards Cole Porter's "Be A Clown" accompaniment. Then there is the current film setting in Manhattan, where the wide pants and wide polyester blooms are blossoming. The periods collide into Willy's gloomy misery of a Manhattan apartment, where framed photographs and cartoons of famous deaths staring at walls of tabloids full of peaks and empty bags from Zabar. If you were alive in the 1970s like me, you might even feel as if you were in that apartment. Willy lived there for a long time. She lies in front of the TV when the kettle in the other room boils. Willy wakes up and raises the phone. "Hi, who is this?" A break. "It does not matter, it's tea." The elders who live alone can be sad in the hands of any other person, but Simon's sense of ability and the wrong feeling of the character make this adaptation of his 1972 hit in gold comedy. The amazing thing about "The Sunshine Boys" is how much you rub your nose in Willy's almost existent state without stopping at all. "89 years and so he died of nothing," says Willy about an old friend of a composer before deciding that the man probably died from writing a song that laughed at the "lady" with the baby. <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> Burns won an Oscar for his undervalued performance as Lewis gentle but lined, but Matthau brings him home, his makeup and his pride but late, he really sells you the idea that he was already when he did this. Willy is unmistakable in the extreme, deserving Ben's "crazy old man", but roots for him, enjoying his little victories even when they come with the patience of others. His lines destroy you too, especially when he tries to kill Lewis, for whom the TV show proves to be a bad idea. "Do not touch!" Willy tells Lewis at one point. "I'm still looking, I'm still hot" <br /> <br /> "If this room was in the fire, it would not be hot," Lewis says. Herbert Ross pulls it all in a very casual and undervalued way, with low light and gunshots in the middle, even in emotional moments, to leave space for comedy and the global zen message of grace through tacit acceptance. Never feel like watching a movie, one of "The Sunshine Boys," a lot of charm, and Ross's direction, as well as the action of the three principals, goes a long way toward achieving that goal. <br /> <br /> Comedy is hard, especially when the subjects are life-followers, but "The Sunshine Boys" makes everything look like pleasure, because, for us, watching it is.
