"Prix de Beaute" always suffers when compared to the two films made by Louise Brooks with GW Pabst, "Pandora's Box" and "The Lost Girl's Diary," but in some ways "Prix" is the Chinese film Brooks. or "charming", without the dark side of Pabst's collaboration.What the "Prix" does not have Pabst movies is music.In this early French film, Louise Brooks's entire mission is strongly reinforced by a conjunction of image, song and music. which seems to be most associated with Brooks (she was the first to dance in Europe), but the essence of the actress is found more strongly in tango. Tango also plays a plot in the "Prix", being music on who danced her about her short stature growth after she became Miss Europe. Later, when she left her fame in favor of human existence as the husband Andre's jealous wife, the desire to lose her fame became evident when the same tango record is seen on its record label player. So suitable is the tangle with Brooks, which is used to accompany the documentary about her life, Looking for Lulu, a film by Shirley Maclaine. The tedious and tango quality of tango is the epitome of Louise Brooks's erotic and elegant individuality. <br /> <br /> The song "Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est toi" adds a tremendous amount of pathos to what is not a great movie (but very good). By the way, Brooks's voice was not named for Edith Piaf's movie as some have claimed. Piaf was born in 1915 and was not discovered until 1935. The song is still what Brooks character Lucienne is playing at Andre at the beginning of the film to cheer him up and express his deep affection for him. And at the highlight is the song he plays for the screen test he sees with the producers and managers who are planning to shape their career. She continues on the screen after the husband Andre, who followed her in the screening room, shot her and killed her. In one shot, with Lucinenne's dead body resting at the bottom of the screen, while his screen test continues upwards with the song he sang with Andre, the essence of what what do the films that other forms of art do not perfectly characterize. As Andre looks at his singer, now murdering his wife, on the screen, the murder weapon still smoking, smiles subtly. It is now, forever, and by association, ours. <br /> <br /> Coincidence, Louise Brooks's real life career collapsed and burned after the "Prix de Beaute", so it was the death of his final role. This film really seals Brooks' mystery more than Pabst's films (which are undoubtedly superior movies). It also highlights films that create the whole idea of ​​film cult - where people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intense after their death than when they lived.
