A story of obsessive love has pushed to its limits a wonderful swan whose beauty is even the ticket to his premature resignation. Placed at the start of the shows, PRIX DE BEAUTE traverses a thin line, being a silent film - which is still at hand - and flirting with sound and sound effects. The effect is a bit irritating for someone entering this movie because the recorded sound is extremely tough and does not help it at all. Hearing the conversation on the sound stage, edited in the beginning sequence that takes place in a beach, is, for example, part of the film as an actress who hardens Louise Brooks' dialogue, making the audience a good performance. Apart from that, the film rotates more or less well, with small chicks continuously from here and there - something quite common in the movies of this era - and it has that vague acceleration which is typical of silence. In a way, this is an experiment from a film, and closer to Sergei Eisenstein's style in visual presentation and almost intimate approaches that raise him from what would be a more pedestrian level. Louise Brooks plays here a character smaller than what she was known for: she is a stenographer who, in a lark, decides to enter a beauty contest, despite the angry opposition of her extremely affectionate boyfriend. Her role is quite thirty and contemporary for her time; the latest Jazz Baby / Jazz Baby roles were featured on the screen, and now, with the advent of female independence, women as professionals were represented in the film. Brooks' character decides to let his boyfriend (even if she reconciles with him later) is also short before her time. However, the fatal flaw of his character is willing to believe what is not there - that her boyfriend wants her to succeed - and that leads to her end at the cinema. This final sequence looks like something directly from Hitchcock, in his upset suspense (seen in THE MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH) and cuts from Brooks, her screen image, and the criminal friend. Even more dramatic is the placement of live Brooks with the dead one now - a cooling effect for a refreshing and powerful film.
