I've seen the silent version of this movie and it's just shining beautiful. It is hard to see how a sound version could be created because it is shot with a pure, silent, impatient, wordless, narrative without a single interlace - except for a few sequences in which Louise Brooks plays a French typewriter quite visibly speaking in English ... The only section that shouts for sound is obviously the final scene, where Brooks watches rushes for his test "for a sound movie": material that constantly plays in background as action unfolds, with her mouth moving in song without voice without voice. I was not surprised to find out afterwards that this passage alone in the talkie was hailed as a copy of new technique! <br /> <br /> In the sunny beauty of opening scenes and the inevitability of fairy tales of what follows, the movie looks like a dream. Like a "Louise Brooks" movie, it was not what I expected, either in her Hollywood comedies or in GWPabst's German melodies: I found the idiom more fluid and enjoyable than any of them, and Brooks is a different creature , laughing a young animal, rather than a shop vamp or a manipulated doll. But what gives this film more depth than it seems at first is the second half unexpected; rejected by rich parasites that bury itself around her beauty, the poor princess returns to a tearful reunion with her true, humble humorous love ... and the story could have ended there. The story, however, turns into tragedy. Dilettante Grabovski, confident in his ability to manipulate the woman he wants, is still too correct in his self-interested prediction - young lovers can not enjoy each other - and André, ironically, was right not to have confidence in the social influence of beauty contests: after the poisoning of the glory of her moment, Lucienne rushes to despair of the noisy routine of married life, while her husband, in turn, is led in the wild by any remembrance of the whole adventure. If it were a simple marriage case, it would be one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they love each other. In many ways, "Prix de Beauté" reminds me of Murnau's "Sunrise". But if yes, fair and photographic scenes would create a distorted mirror image of cheerful reconciliation in the "Sunrise"; no dream, but an alien nightmare. And the next morning does not bring a miraculous reunion, but an empty and desolate bed at home. Leaving a letter to say he loves him and will always love him, Lucienne disappears again from André's life in search of brightness and freedom; and this time he will never return. The gossip columns confirm all of André's most serious condemnations while he finds out about the place where his wife is, through reports that include his name Grabovski. When the young worker finally enters the generous sanctuary of the dressing room, he is with his gun drawn - to be greeted by the sight of his rival courtyard and caressing a laugh Lucienne, the same woman who promised her unhappy affection that she left him. He kills her, but even as he kills, she is transmitted by the living image on the screen, Lucienne in all her transformed glory, as you have never seen. The two women are juxtaposed at an endless and powerful moment, while André is seen, trapped, unresolved, and withdrawn: the dying little girl and her weighing herself, still designed above, caught without knowing in the eternally celluloid, playing in the unconscious of life or death or the love beneath it ... The main offensive element of the film is the character of Antonin, colleague Antonin, who seems to serve no role in any other than to be the licensed head of the wicked contemporaries. He is the ugly one who can never accept the girl, the careless man who is hindered and tormented in the toilets and at the workplace, and he must take it with an uncertain insecure smile in his firm hope of social acceptance: the aggression of the most endowed and most popular, in other words, but an audience is apparently invited to laugh with torture. If we do not intend to expose the protagonists to a darker side (for which they do not perceive any sign), the character appears to exist only as a comic relief, but a comic relief with an extremely unpleasant edge. When we only know him as an amazing Tom on the water, it's easy to laugh, though the revenge of others seems a little overhead; when we discover that he is not a chance, met with a stranger, but André's colleague and a regular budger, the ongoing attacks continue to cease to be very funny. But the pictures remain. Beauty, nightmare and dream.
