Louise Brooks offers a wonderful interpretation of this well-made French melodrama. She plays a typist named Lucienne who, despite being in love with a man called Andre, dreams of rising above her position in life. She sees the opportunity in a beauty contest for Miss Europe, but Andre is angry when he discovers that he has entered, then asks to withdraw. She is trying to take back her entry only to find that she has already been chosen as Miss France and will now go to the main contest. This is a story of love, loss and decision played passionate passion. The film is very energetically shot by director Augusto Genina and by the film fathers Rudolf Mate and Louis Nee. The shooting style is more like modern movies than Hollywood movies from the 1930s and shows the different style used by Europeans. There are many quick discounts and travel photos, mostly made with skill and awe. The high energy of the first third of the film shrinks slightly in the middle, but it resumes again in the last 15 minutes. The performances were very good from all the directors, but Louise Brooks's is remarkably memorable. Louise relies heavily on her silent abilities, even if it's a talk, but because the silent style has a surprisingly contemporary and understated feeling, makes the transition to talk very well. The early stage of the fair was particularly painful because Louise used her remarkably expressive eyes to express her increased sense of misery and alienation, to be caught in a life she no longer wants. I doubt it has ever been done better. The film is being built in a superb, artistically shot, powerful and stylish shot. This is indeed some of the best things in the early days of the movie. And the tragic story highlights just the greater tragedy that this is the ultimate lead role for Louise Brooks. It was not a great beauty that looked fantastic in a swimsuit, it was really an important talent that put everything away. We are all poorer for that. This film is less well known than his German films with G.W. Pabst, but I think it's better. I think this crew is better at stories than Pabst, and while Prix de Beaute may lack the deep moral complexity of Pabst movies, it's much easier to watch and is generally a more streamlined and focused work. And it does not hurt that Louise's songs are played by Edith Piaf, either. Bottom line, this is a classic Louise Brooks movie that deserves to be searched for.
