I'm really the fan of Mitchell Leisen, so it was a great anticipation that we rented this movie, but the footprint I received was extremely bad, so used and burned apparently without repair, the movie was both of darkness. So dark that in certain scenes that are filming in the dark, you can not see one thing. That being said, I think I share the same opinion as the first review of this film. It starts unusual and does not destroy the lines and rhythms of your typical Hollywood movie. Heck, not even your typical Hollywood movie of any age. It seems that the director has been influenced by Europeans because there is some caustic realism in terms of procedures, from the moment of launch, which is so artisanal in the movement and placement of cameras, such as Maggie (Carole Lombard) and Skid (Fred Macmurray ). Finally you expect them to start singing "Make Your Beliefs" from the Show boat. It starts with a few laughs and poor Anthony in a scene role in which he does not speak an English word is scattered around by Freddie. Skids is a vagabond who does not care about being a vagabond. That is why he enters the army where he can hide from the world. He has just been released, but in a set of shenanigans, he misses the boat for New York. This is when the film starts at a higher level and we start to get the French film of vibrations in the sixties and seventies in the whole procedure. The scenes are so well taken by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham, the movie wins a pulse. MacMurray is good and he and Lombard collapse each other as he cultivates his talent for the trumpet. Then the tattoo arrives in the form of Dorothy Lamour. Enough with fence. The movie has fantastic installation sequences that have blinded me. They are very good. And Lombard is filming a home run in this movie, but in the second half, a little more is called by Freddie and fails to deliver the goods. With an extremely melodramatic ending and an actor you do not believe, the film is leaking, but it's not your typical film in structure, design and direction. It's worth a look. Why was one of the 37 hits of the 1936-37 season. I do not know his rank.
