I met this movie when I read a book (written in the 1970s) about Mitchell Leisin's career. I have to admit that, over the years, I have watched many of his films and found his best quality. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW had to be one of the best. While I did not get bored, it did not impress me so much like HOLD BACK THE DAWN, death takes a feast, KITTY or even EARINGS of gold. I guess it's too much to meet now to be nice. Work on Paramount Leisin had a problem in those movies he made, which were musical. Most of the scores she worked on were pretty mediocre. It is true that in his films two standards appeared, but there were very rare cases: "Cocktales for Two" appeared in "Murdar at the Vanities", and "Mona Lisa" came out of CAPTAIN CAREY, USA. But the rest of the score for MURDER AT VANITY was forgotten. "Mona Lisa" was the only song in CAPTAIN CAREY. It should not have been - Leisin's studio had made Rogers and Hart work for him in the early 1930s. Why would not a project be assigned to them? The score for SWING HIGH, SWING LOW, is nice but forgetful. Unfortunately, the film is centered on the entertainment world, while Fred Macmurray demonstrates great talent as a trumpet player (he even carries Carole Lombard in his act by loops around him as he throws his trumpet). The song (sung by Lombard) about how her lover plays scary is important to the plot. It works in the movie, but it would have been better if the song was more memorable. There is a pictorial style of the film - it begins on a line of work that Lombard works as a manicurist. She is constantly harassed by her boss, Franklin Pangborn (the barber of the ship). Then the ship enters the Panama Canal, and we see MacMurray as a soldier, who is engaged shortly. Their first scene together has a good touch of Leisin: MacMurray speaks to Lombard, she on the deck of the boat and he on the edge of the lock wall. A nice way to keep the action while the dialogue touches a bitter bit. The film follows the rise and fall of Skid Johnson (MacMurray) as he meets Lombard and begins his trumpet reputation, but meets with "another woman" in the film, Dorothy Lamore. The best moments of the film relate to the collapse of the relationship with Lombard and his collapse as jazz trumpets (his appearance and need for alcohol is very atypical for a MacMurray character - even darker figures such as Walter Neff or Mr. Sheldrake the naval officer who pushes Caine Mutiny has not shown alcohol addiction. Lombard is good as the woman loved but not injured by MacMurray, Lamore really has not really done - eventually the movie had several scenes with he tries to bring MacMurray back on the wagon and Pangborn is okay, leave him as he goes under (although he gives it a hand-out). Charles Butterworth is equally trivial in this movie as usual but he has a moment when he looks strangely in his hands the keyboard of a piano in the rooms he, his girlfriend, MacMurray, and the Lombard share - his red look is due to the embarrassment about a lie that MacMurray ins Sure it is true. It was a beautiful and subtle moment. If only his subtlety was in his acting, rather than in his moments of hungry humor.
