The 100 black-and-white episodes of the early comedy "Mr. Peepers" were originally broadcast on 1952-55 on NBC. Like a lot of baby boomers this and "Ding Dong School" are my earliest memories of television. Because both run late, it is hard to tell in syndication how many of these memories are actually related to the original shows. <br /> <br /> "Mr. Peepers "is worth checking for more than its nostalgic value. It's a different style of comedy, rather than "Honeymooners" and "I Love Lucy". The genre could have gone in two different directions in those times, and would have come to the abrasive path of these two performances; which is probably why he still seemed contemporary. <br /> <br /> "Mr. Peepers," who has been differentiated by his cleverly narrow tone, may appear slow and boring in comparison. But it's more a matter of adapting to different styles. Once you enter the characters, you will win over the smartest viewers. Credit should be given to the show's producer, Fred Coe, a key figure in early television whose dramatic anthologies are also worth checking out ("Philco Television Playhouse", "Lights Out", "Playhouse 90", " Showcase Producers "," Dramaturgi 56 "," Fire Theater ", etc.), even on the cinescope." Mr. Peepers "offered a much gentler style with Wally Cox (to be the voice "Underdog," a few years later), Robinson Peepers, a high school science teacher in a gentle manner. His glasses were his mark and a symbolic link to the name and role of a passive observer. Tony Randall played his best friend, history professor Harvey Weskit. Jack Warden starred as Frank Whip, the hardcore professor of a sports hall whose light aggression showed most of its elements of conflict There is a love interest competition involving school assistant Nancy Remington (Patricia Benoit), with viewers rapping fast with Mr. Peepers, which seems a much better match for gentle Nancy. Their marriage on the screen near the 1953-54 season captured national attention, an early version of "Who Shot J.R.?" frenzy. <br /> <br /> Then again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
