Neil Simon's Christmas Field set a pattern for many of his later plays. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were unsuitable roommates in the original, the first being pretentious and tidy, the latter being weakened and weakened. Simon will rewrite (less successfully) the 90's play as NEW CUP OF ODD, with female roommates. He made a mixed couple (a woman with her daughter and a man) in GOOD FEMALE. He also gave it in 1973 with THE SUNSHINE BOYS, a hit on Broadway with Jack Alberson and Sam Levine as Al Lewis and Willie Clark, the elders and semi-retirees of the Vaudevillians. Here the problem of "apartment" is reduced to a team of two men who can not sit each other. The 1976 film starred as Walter Matthau as Willie, and George Burns in the role of Al. In fact, probably Al does not believe at all about Willie - Willie is pathological on Al's theme. The First Al had little habits, such as spitting accidentally when he pronounced the words starting with the letter "t" and moistening Willie lightly with the index finger on the stage. Secondly, Al retired when his wife died. Willie was not ready to retire (and forced his nephew and agent, Ben (Richard Benjamin) to try to serve him in commercials, but Willie could not remember the lines until they were fun and kept them in flames is able to stay until the end of a rehearsal for an ad. <br /> <br /> Ben is asked to bring the two back for a live scene of the most famous sketch on a television show about Comedia American, bring Al to see Willie and the sparks start to fly, because they do not even know what the other is doing (and that's just the rehearsal.) In addition, Willie insists on the changes (minor but throws Al) like "INTRODUCE !!!" when Al knocks on the door, the initial rehearsal is a failure, but Ben manages to bring them to the recording of the show, the question being whether they will finish the scene in the finished program or Willie will ruin it Al? The three rulers, Ma tthau, Burns and Benjamin, he's doing well with his flanks, remembering Patrick's bout repeatedly (for example: "Chest pain ... I have a pain in Uncle Willie's chest. Every Thursday I come here and suffer chest pain! "Come on Friday! "Benjamin strives to prove his deep affection for his uncle, although Matthau's outer shell makes it difficult (he rests only when the glory of vaudeville days discusses.) Matthau has a better understanding of reality (in the beginning) than Burns, who seems senile by repeating himself - but in reality Matthau's feeling of rejection from the world that once applauded him makes him less inclined to behave correctly Burns is not senile - he takes things slowly, but he seems much happier in accepting his retreat.I call this last "Voyage of Discovery" for our modern Lewis and Clark, and they are gradually trying to realize they have more in common at their age than they thought. Willie admits that Al may be a pain in his butt, but it was funny. Burns was not the initial choice for the "Al Lewis" side (su Dale from Smith and Dale). c Benny was. Probably Benny would have done a good job, but the patients forced him (he died in 1975). Burns (whose last involvement in any film he was in the "The GOLD CADILLAC" in 1956 as a narrator) turned into such a good performance that he won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor and Career in films in the next decade in movies like OH GOD! GOD GOD; and go in style. He died 100 years old, 100 years old, proving he was more than a brilliant man for his wife, Gracie Allan.
