We tend to forget that the master / slave context of the past centuries leads to more than good inheritances, fueled by large groups of enslaved people and a lot of money for whites. She led to a group of people caught in the middle - descendants from slave owners interfering with their feminine slaves. Some of these children have just become more slaves, and others have been free ... but free and colorful, which at that time meant nothing but their batches. A class formed around these descendants - a free-of-charge couleur or free-colored men-and that class has, to some degree, managed to own property, rise from defeat to educated, and gain comparative dignity. I mean, they were not slaves, but they were still exploited to some extent. Women often lived as masters of white planting masters and rich men, set up in their own homes, with allowances, schooling paid for their children, and a kind of gentleness, depending on the respectability they chose to impose on their families. In essence, they prostituted themselves to ensure their own prosperity and relative independence from work - an arrangement called plaçage. The feast of all saints is a beautiful story written about the children of such a woman, the result of such an arrangement with a local gentleman and the people who touched their lives, both negatively and positively. The story was an eye-opening for me, a New Zealander, without a real conception of the black / white lines, not to mention that gray area in which the free couleur gentle straightened. <br /> <br /> The characters are very three-dimensional and have been well-played in this adaptation of the novel by Anne Rice. The pieces are well molded, the costumes are wonderful and the brutal way of the tracks, and the unclear areas are more distinguished from the conflicts that the protagonists cross. The free couleur gens could not marry the whites, the slaves could not help themselves, and the whites, even the sympathetic ones, could not stand the economic reality of doing justice to the people they depended on. <br /> <br /> I recommend this story, both novel and miniseries, to everyone, without reservations. If you can not deal with the truth, you will be carved and you will see in some parts, because injustice after the other is divided among the blacks, both by their white oppressors and by their people. Keep in mind, however, that this is nothing but reality, and this story is an absorbent way of learning about it. I know it might sound rude, but this miniseries delighted and excited me despite the sour taste I found in my mouth at what happened and I enjoyed it very much. Look. If you do not read about this period, because there is a lesson to learn from all of this.
