The main problem I see with this movie is its score, which shouts with every note: "This is a cheap movie." There is not much to say here. The score is simply sucked. The second problem, which I see is quite severe, as well as the involvement of the plot detachment at the end of the movie (one of the money, if you will be the dialogue between Martha (Adrienne Barbeau) and sunflower (Richard Ziman) Martha is discovered to be the leader of the experiment Throughout this dialogue, the spectator is very aware of the fact that he is listening to a dialogue about movies, in other words, the suspension of mistrust falls within the confines of a credible dialogue between two people is sacrificed for a full looking forward to the information that filmmakers want to convey to the public.The third problem was represented by Adrienne Barbeau.While I sincerely believe she is a fabulous actress in her work, I feel that this part would have been too much The main point of its performance, which did not seem to be a network, was the spectrum in which the character moves in the movie of a loving mother of a troubled family to a woman almost resembling Rambo on a mission. This aspect of the script would have obviously been a stretch for any actress, and therefore, too much blame can not be put on Barbeau. Insofar as she really did her competence, I would still call it only a moderate moderate problem for the film as a whole. Finally, the movie made a wonderful job in the building of the first half of the year, a creep factor, especially during horror moments. I think the film would have benefited more from a commitment to these movements as a mechanism to prevent slippage of the creep factor in the second half of the film. So, what is my holistic classification of this piece? I would give it a solid C + to B-, depending on how much credit you are inclined to give decision makers to produce this movie on a limited budget. Even with two serious problems and two moderately severe problems, the film is based on the solid plot of the Jungian side of Nazi mysticism. I do not see problems with the development of the plot or the coherence; the dialogue, except as mentioned above, is truly brilliant in places, especially the whole important scene between mother and daughter at the beginning of the film; as mentioned, the creep factor was well artised if a little fizzly in the second half; and Nicholas Brendan, who also produced a production, achieved a great performance. Overall, this movie definitely deserves sight - see it with a Nazi you love. :)
