I have now seen Happen Happen Miracles at least four times. I'm never fatigued by this fantastic movie. From the very beginning, it holds the interest of a person. As the movie progresses and the plane collapses, the story becomes very intense as we look at this young woman trying to survive alone and frightened in Amazon after a plane crash in which she was the only survivor. Losing my mother in this plane crash, this film is even more dramatic as we see the dangers this young woman had to endure during the 10 days spent in the Amazon. To believe that this really happened is unreal and to believe that someone could actually survive this is unmistakable when we see wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, enormous forests and wildlife, and countless insects. As the movie progresses, we see many dangers this girl faces while trying to follow the river in the hope of driving it into a city. Recalling what she told her father about how a stream will always lead to a river and then into an even bigger river, and this will eventually lead to a community, this young woman follows you the little stream that leads into a huge river all in the whole movie. Sometimes he had to swim in dangerous water, alone, frightened, injured, always managed to continue. Towards the end of this movie it was obvious that it could not have been a long time since it had not eaten in ten days and had only water to drink and was very sick and tired of its dangers. Finally, when she sees a canoe, she realizes that there must be a village and people find her, and they take care of her and then take her to a hospital where her father comes to see her, fearing she died along with many other passengers. Such a dramatic and so moving film to see his father's face when he sees that his daughter is actually still alive all this time in the Amazon! Movies like this are not made in those days. I'll see you once again, and I know I'll never get bored of it! To believe that the girl was the only survivor of this plane is just untouchable! Also, the fact that he kept only a few very slight injuries was even more remarkable, while all the others on this plane had perished in the terrible accident in the Amazon wildlife. A brilliant movie, really really acted really and one will treasure forever and love to continue watching! Highly recommended by me for sure!
