It was considered "the Swiss answer to Lord of the Rings", but it is much more than that. It's not a response to anything, it's something new, funny, and sometimes stupid and stupid - but Monty Python was different than silly? The beginning immediately states that this film has a low budget and is not meant to be taken entirely seriously. Clouds of cardboard on ropes knock on the airplane in which the main character is placed. But, to compensate for the special effects that are missing, the landscape makes a trick. It's absolutely beautiful and amazing - who needs New Zealand, Switzerland has it all. <br /> <br /> What I liked about the film was the simple approach and the obvious passion and the energy that came into it. He is not brilliant; yet it has some humorous parts. Edward Piccin as Friedo is absolutely convincing, it would be enough to go and see the movie because of him! There are good jokes, some are very lame, some of them will not be understood by people outside of Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​having "Urucows" instead of Uruk Hai; I liked the scene where Friedo decides to take "Pupsi", a teleobie, with him on the voyage. Also very fun is the scene when Rackaroll, the knight fighter for the sword, decides to show up with the sword - and then breaks it into a wall, breaking it. And there is a scene in which the "nazgul-ish" characters make a wonderful comic scene, which includes a toilet brush ... We did not approve the idea of ​​the ring used by Schleimli, the Gollum character, to "seduce" the ladies. That was a little touched. The idea that Mr. Sauraus wanted to cover the land with the fondues was not so brilliant. Original, certainly, but not shiny. But I especially did not like the idea of ​​a gay dragon, which really was not necessary. I generally recommend watching the movie just because it is so crazy and totally unpleasant. Do not expect a LotR parody as the Star Wars Space Balls. But if you go to the movies, thinking that it's going to be a fun evening, with absolutely no ambition, then you'll be glad. I'm not sure if it works in other languages, because it lives in Swiss dialects, as well as in jokes and actors. Everything: to realize the courage of the Swiss crew who did this!
