Sarafina was a fun movie, and some of the songs were very good. Sarafina was really fun. Normally, I do not like music like this, but the song was not blades as if it were on the box. The film was useful to learn about history because it was an interesting perspective of the 1976 Soweto uprising. It showed you things from a students' perspective in riots and showed you that they were real characters. Because you have to see them as real characters, that makes you like them more like an audience and you feel more sympathetic to them as total victims of the white government that you can not sympathize with. The students' song is correct because we know from accounts that students in the revolt sang and danced before they became violent. Sarafina pupils' clothing is very similar to the clothing presented in Soweto's photos. They actually made the movie in Soweto, which is why it looks very precise in many parts. All of this makes the movie more accurate for someone who uses it to learn about aparthied. As viewers, we must be critical of how the history of Apartheid was presented. As I said earlier, you become a sympathetic student - this makes it potentially less reliable and objective. Also modify some details from other accounts. In Sarafina it turns into chaos when the cop enters the classroom and shoots the students. Police and army were very aggressive at Soweto, but this is probably an exaggerated event. The police and the army have shot the students, but there is no evidence that they are going to school and executing such people. The fighting was more on the streets and they had robberies and murders. This is done in the movie, probably to make you feel worse for schoolchildren. The film would have been more useful if it had different information about aparthied. The professor was arrested to be against the government, and his mother went to work in a white house. But there is no information about the government and why they did or details about racist policies and laws. - De George S, Chris and Finlay
