This movie reminds me of 42nd Street with Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When I watch this movie, many of them reminded me of 42nd Street, especially of the Eloise character, who is a temperamental star and ends up falling and breaking her ankle, as Bebe Daniels did 42nd Street and another performer becomes a party and becomes a star. This film, like most racial films, keeps people from looking for great fun. The movie races have always shown Black Entertainment because it was really popular at that time of time. Dance styles, music, dressing styles, you'll love it. This movie could be great if it was done at Hollywood, it would have a better landscape, a better shot and more money that would make any movie better. But it's worth watching because it's good and Micheaux does well with the little he has. I have to say out of all the movies of Micheaux, Swing is the best! The film includes singers, dancers, actresses and actors who were popular but forgotten today. Doli Armena, a wonderful female trumpet player who can blow the horn so well that you think Gabriel blows a horn in the sky. Sexy, hot female dancer, Consuela Harris, would put Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee to shame. Adding extra information ... The best blues singer of the 1920s and 1930s, Cora Green, she is Mandy, a good, hard woman without a good man who takes her money and spends on other women. A fresh neighbor played by Amanda Randolph tells Mandy what she has seen and heard, and Mandy goes down to the club and captures her husband with an attractive curving woman called Eloise (played by Hazel Diaz, a Hot-Cha animator in the years 30) and a fight breaks out. Then Mandy goes to Harlem, where she meets a perverse angel, Lena, played by one of the most beautiful women in Dorothy Van Engle's films. Lena gives Mandy a house, a job and helps her become a star when Cora Smith's temper (played by Hazel, I think she plays two parts or maybe changed her stage name) tries to destroy the show with her bad behavior. When Cora gets drunk and breaks her leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is right for the job and that Lena is right and that a star is born in Mandy. Tall, long, but beautiful, Carman Newsome, is the cold producer Lena looks just as good. Enough of a boy, Larry Seymour does not play a good guy, but after Lena threatens him, he might form. There are some important moments, but the one that appeared to me is the part where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) lives lately for rehearsals and is running around everybody, and then her guy comes in and strikes her in the jaw, but that's not enough, she approaches almost Mandy again. Between them there are special fun by choir girls, tap dancers, shaky dancers, swing music and singing blues. There are even white people watching entertainment, I wonder where Micheaux found them, there is even a scene where there are blacks and whites who stay together at the club, Micheaux often integrates blacks and whites into his movies, should be praised for a so bold move. <br /> <br /> This movie was the first racing movie I really liked and helped me introduce Oscar Micheaux. This movie is one of the best in the genre of the movie, it is a story behind the scenes about the ups and downs of the show business. Not these early racing movies may not be the best, they can not be compared to Hallelujah, Green Forests, Stormy Weather, Cabin in Heaven, Carmen Jones or any other Hollywood movies, but great to look at because their early black snapshots and plus these movies offer a wonder in black and black entertainment through the eyes of a black person. These films gave blacks the chance to play people from all walks of life, be beautiful, classy and stylish, not just stereotypical or the way whites feel that blacks should be portrayed as Hollywood . Most of the actors and actresses of these racial films were not the best, but they were the only ones that could be offered at the time, Micheaux and Spencer Williams could not afford Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Fredi Washington, Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram and several bigger stars, so Micheaux and other black and white race makers will use nightclub performers in their films, some were good, some were not big actors and actresses, but I think Micheaux and others knew that most were not good actors and actresses, but they were used more as an experiment than for a real talent, they just wanted their story, and instead many black artists managed to meet the true talents in movies. For some real actors / actresses, race movies were the only types of movies they could have gotten, especially if they did not want to play Hollywood stereotypes, so I think you'll be able to show the real actors / actresses to night artists. These racial films are very historic, they could have been lost forever, many are lost, maybe race movies are not the biggest example of cinema, but Hollywood movies have not started to be big at first. I think if the genre of the race movie continued, it would be better. If you are looking for a great action, most racial films are not the ones, but if you are looking for a real black entertainment example and how blacks would have to be represented in movies, rather than watching the race movies. There are some fun funny movies with a good cast, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise in Harlem, Punching, Sunday Sinners, Dark Manhattan, Broken Faces! What a Girl, Mystery in the Swing, Miracle in Harlem and Sepia Cinderella, which not only has good fun but good action.
