I am a great fan of Vonnegut's work and I am very fond of this film, but I would not say that this is a "Mother Night" movie I read. When people say that Vonnegut is unfathomable, two things come to my mind. One is that many of his themes are very close to joints or even taboos, despite accusations sometimes used against him that he chooses relatively "easy" targets for his satire. This means less every day that passes on filming. The directors of these days seem to have fun in breaking the taboos and have high hopes for the "Bluebeard" version that is now in production. It's amazing to think that an innocent piece like Vonnegut's "Titan Sirens" would probably have been the equivalent of the "R" movie rated as filmed when it was published in the 1950s for violence, language, sexual and themed content , the tragedy that no one yet comes with a filming scenario for it. And in the current economic climate, I hope a director looks at Jailbird, Galapagos and Hocus Pocus. The other thing is its narrative style, irony on irony, but it still makes it funny hilarious. It seems impossible to objectify and seems to be the biggest obstacle to making great movies of his great novels, because the small authorial comments that color our answer as readers are not possible in movies without resorting to often too clumsy techniques like "talkovers." Vonnegut suggested that he lacked a film version of his work as a writer / narrator.To agree, "Breakfast of Champions" tried to keep his comedy and came a little props for his pains, as did another turkey made by a novel Vonnegut, "Slapstick" in a more spectacular way. However, there is nothing wrong with a director who gives us the subjective interpretation of Vonnegut and "Night Mother "an excellent example of how, as another commentator said, a good director can add a visual poem to such a source. But so much humor is lost that although it is the same plot, it's not even from the same novel I read. If it had been, I probably would have rolled myself in the corridors laughing a few times, looking at me. For a reader of the novel, I think a chuckle even at the end is forgiven. However, the end of the movie is really strange and I think one of the successes of the movie is that it can really let you feel that you have seen someone walking along the line of action between good and evil and the jury is still out. <br /> <br /> Stand alone and itself worth a look. From a technical point of view, there are some minor errors, but at the same time in continuity, and too often it looks unusual and theatrical, but often achieves an acceptable note and sometimes presents considerable imagination and inventiveness. The act in general is of a high order, even if the dialogue is by standards today a bit stomach. He survives pretty well looking back with "Slaughterhouse-5", and there is actually a little more "good" filming Vonnegut there, especially versions of his stories - "Harrison Bergeron," "Who am I this time "? and other things, such as, of course, the failed version of his funny but disposable game, Happy Birthday Wanda June. There was also an interesting piece, if there is still, in the 1970s called "Meanwhile and Timbuktu", which Vonnegut did not like too much, although he was involved in his production because he felt he had played it, wrong in its generality. He said he reminded him of the bizarre surgical experiments performed in HG Wells's "Dr. Moreau Island" story, but for many he served as an excellent introduction to his work. But if the movies do not make you want to go to the source material, they do not do the job. As the man said, more or less, the big show is inside your head.
