It takes a little time to get used to Nolte's homes in Nebraskan before we can easily accept him as a renowned intercontinental playwright. Once you get past the bar, it turns into a fascinating story of a man who loses everything while trying to do good. Nolte, an American, moves to Germany, marries a famous actress and is satisfied in all respects until the war is about to break out. He was visited by a jovial American, John Goodman, who persuades him to accept an anti-Semitic radio station for the Nazis. Nolte has no politics, but he thinks it is challenging to write a role that is almost impossible, and then play it himself. Another US secret agent will alter Nolte's radio scripts - introducing a cough here, a sneeze there - that will serve as a code for transmitting intelligence to allies. There is a catch, though. No one will know about Nolte's real role as an American agent, except for Goodman, Donovan and Roosevelt. If he has ever discovered, he will be denied recognition by the Americans. Nolte walks forward and his vicious broadcasts are extremely popular in Germany. His adored wife, Sheryl Lee, does not know anything about what's going on or even cares. Nolte and Lee live in what he refers repeatedly to "a nation of two." The war is over and the trouble begins. It is captured by Americans who are bitter because of their betrayal. They beat him and left him in the mud. He was rescued by Goodman, his "naughty nymph", which sends him into an anonymous existence in Greenwich Village and sends him a little money from time to time. In 1960, he managed to cultivate friendship with his neighbor, painter Alan Arkin, who lost his family and claims that the two are now part of a secret fraternity. But his location and identity are revealed in a way and is more or less adopted by a group of ancient Aryan racists - led by a dentist and a priest. The front of the house and the mailbox are painted with swastikas and accusations. It is meaningless beaten by a former GI. But - miraculously - his beloved wife is returned by the ancient Aryans. Another trap: it turns out later that he is not his wife, but rather her younger sister who loved him from adolescence. The end makes him write his memoirs in an Israeli prison in 1967, crimes against humanity. It is not a happy ending. Nolte can talk, but I do not see the cell occupant on top of him in prison. E Adolf Eichmann. Eichmann looks pretty nice. He advises Nolte that it's a bad habit to write for fifteen hours. "It's important to relax, you have to learn to relax." Nolte laughs out loud and shouts, "That's what I did here." The film is full of such ironies. At one point in their relaxed conversations, Arkin says, "Despite all that I think people are good at heart." I do not know if the movie was a commercial success, but if it was not, it could have torpedoed it for a younger audience who had never heard of Anne Frank, a statement in his diary. The fact is that it is a movie for adults, and adults patient about it. The story moves slowly, there is very little violence, no cars, no shooting, and people do not seem to be subjected to manic pressure. Many of them are likely to slip away from the past who do not open their deliberate approach. Nolte refers to the relationship of war between him and his wife as "a nation of two." This is a fairly compact phrase. Undoubtedly, somebody might come up with a definition of glib, but little concentration is needed to understand their emotional importance. It's a story about a man who loses everything - his ability to write, his identity, his wife (twice), his only friend, his country, self-esteem. At one point, he stops along a crowded New York street and is simply there until dark after being moved by a curious policeman. The reason he stopped was that he simply had no place to go. What Vonnegut describes is much more than depression. I do not want to sound condescending, but it's kind of a feeling hard to understand in my youth. Adolescents may want to think that they know what keeps Nolte in that place, but it really needs maturity and a quick sense of finitude that only maturity can bring. Remember Robert Frost's home about where you go, must he take you in? Well, no place will take Nolte.
