I have not read Kurt Vonnegut's mother's night yet (although I have read other books, all the remarkable satirical pieces, and the new games for changing games). After seeing the adaptation of Keith Gordon's film in his book, it will be immediately read in the near future. It's the kind of material that I'm sure if it had not been made in 1995/96 as a movie, it would have taken off today today when many post / current Holocaust / WW2 movies are pretty popular. Except that this is much darker, though even more resonant, with regard to the nature of the roles and the real horror behind the life of the post-war life than The Reader says. It is the very real danger of claiming during the war, what is what a spy during the Second World War is really everything. One thing would be if Mother Night had a scenario with emotional depth and complexity in terms of moral choice and the constant role - just after the war - for Howard W. Cambpell (Nick Nolte), which is happening. But it's also just a very powerful cinematic artwork. Keith Gordon is not someone I usually think of as a director of very strong material (more - so I think of him as an actor, pretty strange at short with Vonnegut back to school) but this is a revelation . He takes Campbell's story as a story about a fractured life: a German propaganda master ("the only American left in Berlin") who is actually a spy for Americans but can not reveal his identity and was in front of him a playwright who really belonged to "a nation of two," he and his wife (Sheryl Lee). Follow him from the prison cell, awaiting the trial in Israel in 1961, writing his memoirs and telling him of his disappointment in being a Nazi "pretend" and then, in 1960, in a semi-hiding in a New York apartment, where most of the movie takes place. Mom's night can be quite tough, just as on a level she could associate with the pianist, but at a more emotional-cerebral level than the stark poetry of that film. Gordon, through Vonnegut, tries to give us a strong look at a man who has nothing but memory (and then a strange transposition) of his long lost love in a "sister" who returned to he in NYC, so he left his own devices when he is friends with a painter (Alan Arkin, very good here) and then discovered as a Nazi concealed by a white supremacist newsletter leading into the apartment. On the surface, this should be just a direct spy story, but it's not a simple thing. "Something" in this man's life is amazing, but ultimately he is his choice. Campbell is one of those characters that could be analyzed for hours, but one could draw the same conclusions (and, in a way, mirror the line that Goebbels said): how much the lie is bigger, with so more people think. That is, except for the few selected who started the lie and know her secret and strength. But oh, it would be a thing if it was a wonderful and tragic-comic story or another if it were (what happens: Nolte is best here and Sheryl Lee, which we might remember from Twin Peaks like Laura Palmer, he looks in several roles, especially in the scene when he reveals that he is not really "Helga." It's also a gorgeous film with glow of light and photographs that reflect the character's spirit , or just starkness or disgusting colors of time (watch the scene where an old Campbell watches a movie of his young self spitting a jerk, juxtaposing faces is wonderful.) And music selections raise the level of tragedy. of music is too big, but sometimes it raises the material according to its own dramatic size and makes it solemn, solemn about human nature. It's not always an easy movie to take emotionally, and some of the overturns that shade of "whoa" as in any spy story. But subversion from Vonnegut is the one that links, how to make appearance and performance, life mimics art that imitates life that imitates death and turns it into something worthwhile to remember. I still have no idea if the book is better than the movie (or vice versa), but at this point it's hard for me not to recommend this to anyone looking for a masterpiece of the post-WW2 / Holocaust story.
