I've seen another Nolte movie I did not like. However, this has been said, he made a lot of movies and I only saw a few. In my mind I keep the images of her performance here and of "The Thin Red Line". Nolte has a full range of acting talents. When it is necessary to shout, he laughs like a wounded lion. Her best moments are those we value in actors: when she emulates only by facial, hand and body gestures, without saying anything. After we have come to the conclusion that our current generation of actors generally do not appreciate what an actor can do without talking without having a conscious appreciation of Keaton and Chaplin's mastery, this generation of actors rely too much on the mechanical witchcraft of computers. Of course, it's just a sign of the time we live in. If Chaplin lived in our time ... who knows, he could have become an aficionado of CGI tools. have not read the novel Vonnegut from which this film comes to the screen. However, the plot is not touched or convoluted so far that we can not follow the established path, even with all its surprises. Of course, at first, it seems absurd. However, it is not impossible. Consider this for Beginners: A Spy in the Heart of the Third Reich: The extraordinary life of Fritz Kolbe, America's most important spy in World War II by Delattre and Prichard (look at the Amazon for more details). Consider: Undercover History: Piercing Reich: American Spies in Nazi Germany DVD (We have seen here: http://store.aetv.com/html/product/index.jhtml?id=75054) seems to be a History Channel production . So, is the ridiculous story? Yes, impossible, no. Back to the plot. Nolte's character is recruited and accepts an impossible mission dangerous, and unfortunately, the script does not give us a proper reason for accepting. Was it a kind of passivity that was sucked into this role, as they say, because it was the best story ever written and came to play? It's hard to imagine that any of us would understand. But it was an unusual time and people did extraordinary things. The action throughout the film is excellent and, as people have pointed out, Alan Arkin, always fantastic, is very good in my little role. I was really shocked by the end of the movie (no - I will not hurt her) and made me feel terrible about my choice. Did this person feel that the journey had finally ended and that he spoke all that was necessary and that more chapters would be added to a life already filled with many burned pages? Very hard to say, but really jolts. Nolte offers one of the best performances you can expect ... the film premise makes you wonder about many things. It's really fun and challenging. What should be great movies. A bit long, but worth it. By the way, film music has selections from one of the best live composers: Arvo Part.
