American playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr. (played by Nick Nolte), lives happily in Germany with his wife, Helga Noth (Sheryl Lee), before the start of the Second World War. At the peak of his life, Howard is made by an American agent (John Goodman) to become a spy on behalf of the Allies; warned of the risks he has, Howard has a lot to lose, but he finds the offer irresistible. After the death of his wife and the end of the war, Campbell is camouflaged by the anonymity of a solitary life in New York City, which softens even more his neuroses. The central question (indeed, a question that frustrated many critics) of the film and the source novel of Kurt Vonnegut is that "is Campbell a hero or a traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. Weide gives us clues, but there is no answer, and this ambiguity - this DOES NOT KNOW - is what keeps fresh and exciting "mommy night" throughout life. At the beginning of the film, Nolte interprets Campbell as intelligent and confident; after all, he is either scared and uncertain, or scared and completely sure of his contribution to the human race for his role in the war. Gordon applies a certain gloss of ice to the images of the first half of the film, which complements the portrait of the Nazi bourgeoisie and surprises Vonnegut's dramatic part. On the other hand, when Campbell is in his singular New York apartment (which he calls "purgatory") only to be discovered by a group of Nazis, the humor produced is also purely distinctive of the author and offers a temporary respite from the dramatic tension that unfolds. Moral Paradox (even Spiritual) "Mother's Night" does not give a simple resolution and, to some extent, should be left ambiguous, "Campbell's black and white scenes look tiring in space, Israel suggests a contemplation shameless that we are not aware of the fact that Campbell is a character whose interiors we share very little knowing, the war is changing, turning to America, changing it and meeting the Nazis in New York, forcing it to further extend the facade of his "act" to the point where he can only look tired at his image projected onto a wall that throws anti-Semitic balls. Maybe that's the best reaction we could we hope it.
