The magic moment of life, the point between the beautiful innocence of childhood and the confusing whirlwind that marks adulthood. . . this is all that this movie does. <br /> <br /> Danni (wonderful played by Reese Witherspoon) is right in that moment of life when the movie starts. She turns over Elvis, singing her dossier and realizing love. Maureen, her sister, will soon be in college, has no trouble attracting boys, she's beautiful, and she seems to have everything understood, though she does not. She meets a local loser, whose father is also after her, and she just wants to find a decent boy and get her feet off. Danni, like most young teenagers, wants to be anyone else but herself, because most adolescents think those who are just not good enough. She wants to be Maureen, but she does not see herself beautiful. The moment when maturity begins to penetrate her life is when she meets Foster Court for the first time. The court that the father recently died moved to the old farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He was responsible when he was supposed to have fun. On a particularly hot day, he goes to the pond and jumps just to find Danny diving diving. They shout and argue and Danni leaves. But one day later, when the Court's mother is invited to Danni to visit old friends (Danni's parents). Danni becomes attracted to the Court and the Court of Danni. She's a girl and she's cramped, has an attitude and says what's in her mind. <br /> <br /> The Court is 17 years old and Danni 14 and she knows it, but they continue to get closer to their days at the farmhouse farmhouse. Until the Court kisses one day, Danni is hit. Danni's father tells him to invite the Court to the house, and he does it. but things are uncomfortable for the Court on the "given way". Still, silence is interrupted by the encounter with Maureen who has not yet seen the Court. A look between the two and everywhere. The look of pain and defeat on Danni's face are so beautiful in their life and painful at the same time. The rest of the movie will not tell, but the movie has more than a relationship between a boy and two sisters. The size of the film is in its description of both beautiful and painful moments of life, and the relationship between two sisters whose love is tested by both a boy they love and the pain they have to endure both together and individual. Danni eventually marks his entry into the world when he sees that the world is unjust, painful and perhaps less hopeful than when the film began. Few movies can really capture wonderful childhood and so much pain in maturity. This movie had the first time I saw that I was in my mind. It's in my Top 100 list and it's worth it. I just want more movies like this to be done, because if so. . . my belief in Hollywood would be much better.
