When I first heard about the show, I heard a lot about it, and it was getting good comments. I watched the first episode of this "legionary story", as he proclaimed himself, and I even got embarrassed. I've loved her ever since. This show has a good sense of humor and it's fun to see a good show like this. The distribution is excellent as their characters and I would not want to change them in any way. For those who are not familiar with this show, Pushing Daisies focuses around a man called Ned (alias The Pie Maker, played by Lee Pace), who discovered a special gift when he was a boy: He could bring the dead back to life by touching a finger. He did it first with his dog, Digby. However, there is a catch: If you keep a dead person alive for more than a minute, someone else dies. He taught this when he brought his mother back to life, and his dead childhood father died in Ned's mother. The other catch is if it touches the person again, I'm dead again, but this time forever. He taught this when his mother kissed a good night. His father took him to the boarding school, and when he left, Ned never saw his father. Nearly 20 years later, Ned has a pie bakery, intelligently called "The Pie Hole." A Ned co-worker, Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth) defeats Ned, but Ned rejects her movements, trying not to get close to anyone, learning from past experiences. Private Investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovered Ned's gift and decides to make him a partner in solving crimes. Ned touches the victim, asks who killed them, and when the minute ends, he touches them again and resolves them. That's how it usually works. Throughout the episodes, crimes have interesting plots and are what people expect the least. One day, Ned finds out that his next murder to resolve is his childhood girlfriend, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel). He brings it back to life and decides to break the rules and keep it alive. Instead, the funeral director, who stole the jewels from the dead bodies, died. When Emerson finds out and when Chuck wants to help solve the crimes, he does not agree - for a while, we hear him call Chuck 'Dead Girl'. All this is kept secret from Olive, Aunt Chuck Vivian and Lily (Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz, respectively) and everyone else for that, if someone recognizes it from obituaries, news, etc. Vivian and Lily, the swimmers, have not left the house in recent years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to work together. Ned and Chuck grow to love each other, although they can never touch again. This show is funny, it has terrible characters, it has wonderful twists and it will surely give you spirits. I hope it will not be canceled in 13 episodes.
