This performance was appreciated by critics and those who realized that any similarity between Pushing Daisies and others was not a steal. (Yes, I saw "Amelie." "Pushing Daisies" is somewhat similar but still quite different to being original.) Rather, there are too few TV shows that have this strange charm. The greatest likeness is with "Dead Like Me," but "P.D" comes from that honesty: Bryan Fuller created both shows. (Both shows involve a young "undead", for example). This show never ceased to be fun and charming and it was always strange, yet it was constantly human. I have to say a word about the conventions of the story lines in progress. some people complained that this show did not have a moral center because in the first (and more) subsequent episodes Ned seems to escape the challenge of Chuck's father's death without consequences of any kind. First of all, this must be a new definition of "no consequence of any kind" because, although Ned was just a boy and did not realize he had caused Chuck's father's death, he felt guilty of the moment he realized what he had done. Furthermore, around twelve episodes of the series, Ned finally confided to Chuck that he had caused her father's death with his gift. Now, there is no police that allows people to cause magic death to a person by bringing another person to life so that questions of uprooting and restitution must be taken without societal guidance. In other words, it is between Ned and Chuck, who was not inclined to forgive Ned soon. But this highlights a problem with the continuing story lines in network dramas. I remember when David Caruso's character on "NYPD Blue" did something wrong and he seemed to have escaped with him - for a year - after which he was caught and forced to resign (and left the show). The point is that viewers should learn so far and not assume that just because an ordinary character does something wrong in one episode and is not caught in that episode, he managed to get along with him. There is always next week - and maybe next year.
