I have to say that when "Pushing Daisies" appeared, I was immediately gained by a story similar to such a grimace. The Narrator has made a cake of the whole test, making death a routine, as well as the Ned (Lee Pace) baking plates. And bringing them back to life was just as routine. The trio by Ned, Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) and Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel), plus sometimes-sidekick Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth, who made such bad music such a delight) made for a fantastic dialogue and humiliation. It certainly deserves the title of comedy / drama (romantic). Ned and Chuck made for a shy couple and not too ready for love that still explores their feelings even if they can not touch - an obstacle that seems to be really unobstructed with aids such as gloves, cellophane and programs strange around the apartment. But in spite of the strangeness presented while making their feelings about a strange secret, which only a few know, they still manage to show their chemistry on the screen as when Ned gives Chuck the hives. The presence of Olive, however, makes some moments break-out in songs in the pie shop and unpredictable complications for the couple. The second season fell sharply, putting a shock absorber on a show that had real potential. In some of the episodes, the plot line was rushed and weird, making you wonder "what happened?" both in the dead-to-the-week general plan and in the dominant plot line. Adding Chuck's father, plus two half brothers to Ned, did not help her, and at least one of the plot lines felt almost recycled (not the "Food Comfort" episode feels like the "Bitter Sweets" episode in the fact that the dead - Did the weekend die in the food?). Several exciting moments have helped to advance the relationship between Chuck and Ned, but each time they come closer, the writers have decided to cast another key of the monkey rather than let the relationship grow (Oliver returns from the monastery, Chuck's dead father comes back to life and does not return, you get the picture). Shame that it did not work, but the concept was good and seemed surreal in a good way, just enough. A colorful, happy smile ride and unnecessary scenarios to remind you that it's not "dead like me." Then again, it is in "Pushing Daisies Time", according to Creator Bryan Fuller, so it makes it plausible again. It should have lasted longer, but it's just an astonishing thought at the moment. Kudos at any new show attempts to replace this short-lived jewel.
