"Pushing Daisies" is certainly one of the best TV shows in its genre over the past 5 years, agree with it or not. Bryan Fuller, the creator, has an amazing creative mind. He is the mind behind other television shows like "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004) and the other is not as big as "Heroes" (2006). It's a combination of wonderful worlds created by Brian Fuller in previous shows, mixing once again a stunning fantasy world with real types of people disguised in colorful images and exaggerated feelings, something that's always a fairy tale. So, being a kind of fairytale, you can not expect more than an unrealistic world and unexpected situations, or long-awaited situations, but not in a way that will usually be said. with a curse, and what is sweet can also be bitter. That's right, Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker, is a simple guy with another interesting gift, other than being an amazing chef: he can give life to the dead with just a touch. This could be a power that everyone would die-or live-because it would not be for another simple and very sad thing: he can also give death forever if he touches it again. The curse of this amazing gift does not stop there ... everything has a compensation, and if it brings something to life for more than a minute, another species of that one would instantly die. He is a guy full of unfortunate events in life, in a way that he has grown introspectively, always afraid to touch everything and lose again the things he once loved. Until the day when most of the childhood love, Chuck (Anna Friel), could have come closer, if it had not been another sad thing: she died. He gave his life again and loves him as much as he did, but this love is untouchable. The real kiss of death. And so began this beautiful modern story. When I heard of Pushing Daisies for the first time, it was promoted as something very familiar (or maybe a kind of tribute) to everything Tim Burton had created from "Pee-Wee's Big Adventure" (1985) to " Big Fish "(2003) and" Charlie and the Cholate Factory "(2005). The results could not be better. The world around The Hole Pie was magnificent. Stories about Ned and Detective Code (Chi McBride) to solve unsolved murders can be very common on television, but this is just a way to guide people through stunning stories surrounding characters such as Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth) beautiful pictures and dreams, which you can almost feel the taste of colors. Not only are you merged into a bunch of amazing charismatic and charismatic characters, even those with the deepest dark humor. Forgetting the trivial concept of crimes and unresolved crimes, the show shines and is triumphant in a lot of other things. The actors here are at the top. Lee Peace is lean, soft and content as the character asks. Anna Friel is the muse of the show, as should her character. But the most beautiful times are always with the supporting actors such as Chi McBride (detective Emmerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (like Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (like Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (like Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz shines in a character so dry, drowned in a dark, impossible humor that could frighten a clown, surely has the best dialogues, and the expressions and the languages ​​of the body are fascinating. But if the best dialogues are given by Swoozie and her character, the best funny moments are given by Kristin Chenoweth. It seems improvised all the time, it is so natural that each scene is a demonstration. Kristin shines so brilliantly in the show that winning Emmy for 2009 for her supporting role in the show was totally fair and worthwhile. There is also chemistry between actors and their characters, which are also amazing. There are no words to express this TV show and what it should be like. For those who believe that this show is a waste of time or it is claimed to have no meaning in it, it certainly needs to open its minds and come back in a time they probably never had: childhood . to say ... Television has never been so bold in a TV Show as with this amazing show. "Pushing Daisies" was a huge step in excellent artistic fun, and his sudden death was very disrespectful. It is true that TV does not respect television shows as Bryan Fuller created - except for the "heroes" who are still in the air and are far from being as amazing as the others.
