After reading two or three negative reviews on the IMDb main page for "Pushing Daisies," and having just finished minutes watching the last episode, I thought it was time to tell you what I thought about PD. <br /> </ p> <p> First of all, to tackle what some of the issues that other people have seen with this show: Something like "I expect people who have been awakened from the dead to have a reaction more realistic ". Realistically, on this show? The dawn of Dawn is truly a pure and total outburst. It's the color palette, the dialogue used, the scenarios, the situations, the music: everything to me is just a escape from everyday life. An escape from the world and boring. Here is where Pushing Daisies surpasses exceptionally Pushing Daisies is not for everyone: A large majority of the television audience does not "get it" for some people is just too out there and silly. But for people like me, right from the first episode, I watched it (Season 2 is "Frescorts") and I was just expelled from the show. Since then, I've bought both sets of boxes and just came out of my DVD player. Other people I know can not bear this, it seems like I'm like Marmite. The show follows Ned's adventures, Piemaker, with a magic finger that brings back Charlotte Charles's childhood girlfriend, collaborates with private detective Emerson Cod, holds Pie-hole and hires Olive Snook waitress. Leading members of the casting are Aunt Lily and Vivian, whom Charlotte (Chuck) has never allowed to see. They live in a fantastic world where deaths are brought back to life, everything is shown with a brilliant glow of colors and told by Jim Dale. In addition to highlighting the basics of the show, I really can not boast of it much more without saying: stay that way. Despite the fact that he was defeated by the American writer Guild of America's strike, with only 22 episodes he has ever done, he offers wonderful plot, story lines, characters and situations while offering (for me) a satisfying ending (yes, he was up and hurrying, but I was still happy with how he came out). Whether it's creative or just pretentious, for many people (including myself) it has made the most addictive and wonderful viewing, and I hope for the future of television that more such shows are being created, so do not leave me with only 22, 40 Memories of 40 minutes about what can be true entertainment.
