The young Dr. Fanshawe, an avid archaeologist, is sent by the head of the museum to the large house of Squire Richards (Pip Torrens) where his task is to find the source and catalog of the collection of antiquities and curiosities belonging to the recent father of the deceased Squire. Squire is surprised at Fanshawe's arrival, he does not wait for another week, but still welcomes him and receives his only servant, Patten (David Burke ... from Watson's fame), to show him in his room, because Fanshawe has to stay in a few days to finish his pretty big job. Patten does not seem to be the most friendly and seems to resist the extra work that Fanshawe will visit, the big empty house that offers an endless amount of cooking, cleaning and maintenance for him. Fanshawe is an agile, very elegant and precise guy with everything that's right for him, whether it's his clothes or books and papers, and he's rather disgusted with the dirt in his room. Needless to say, he is eager to start his work, but disappointing that he finds his binoculars damaged in transit, so he asks Squire for a pair of substitutes, The Squire, who is a modern man of thought, but , also seems rather uncultivated such things, is also eager to escape from the agglomeration around the house, so he binds and goes Fanshawe to the top of the hill so that he can explore the estate and the surrounding villages, there Squire leads to points of interest, including Gallows Hill, where the locals were hanging with their crimes and crimes, and his interest is also taken over by a local monastery Squire describes as a ruin, but Fanshawe can see through binoculars that it is not clear, does he still investigate and pays a visit to the monastery's site and is shocked to learn that there are only a few stone remains? Fanshawe does not have much time to think about this question, as the darkness falls, he feels like he is watching, he feels a presence, he starts to see shadows in the forest, he's scared at home. Over dinner tells Squire details of his terrible day, Patten hears the story and suggests an explanation for that .. Binoculars! belonged to a local man named Baxter, who seemed to have collected the bones and skulls from Gallows Hill, baking them with one or another mixture, Baxter had mysteriously disappear one night, the young Squire had acquired his belongings, including a mask made from a skull and some old engravings of the area. These engravings fascinate Fanshawe as they describe the monastery he saw through his binoculars but assert that the monastery was destroyed during the reign of Henry VII, and thus it would be impossible for Baxter to draw sketches, much less they are signed and dated by Baxter in the recent past, so he concludes that binoculars have a special power. That night, he has horrible dreams of alive, when he wakes up, he starts with binoculars to look more closely at the monastery through them, which reveals him, but he puts himself in a dangerous danger by doing that? Fanshawe finally gets caught in his dangerous obsession, when the darkness falls Squire and a search party goes looking for the archaeologist now missing, they are alerted by dozens of strong nests trampling over Gallows Hll, they speed up their speed but they will be in time to help or save Fanshawe from his destiny? The Ghost Story story for BBC's Christmas film series unfortunately ended his first 1978 film with The Ice House, mostly based on the work of James James. In 2005 and 2006 the series was briefly revived and, fortunately, a vision from Hill also marked a return to James's work, whose ghostly writings have haunted many generations of readers. Director Luke Watson, the new series, may have worried fans of older movies but returns to the period that was abandoned by later films, which immediately sets the tone of a fantastic storyline, his direction being assured, the mood of master work and the gradual build-up of the fear factor in a terrifying climate, keeping everything that the viewer sees at a minimum, thereby raising tension and mystery. The autumn rural area offers atmospheric ouds, falling leaves, and the sun at a short distance offers an unpleasant backdrop for the sinister events that will come. The tower must be said to be superb and are perfectly expressed in their respective roles. The idea behind the binoculars is simple, but very effective, the use of a human object to see supernatural beings and events that the naked eye can not see could even influence Álex de la Iglesia in La habitación del niño (2006) ) the following year, with which it has a striking resemblance. I have heard mixed reviews of this movie, but I have to say that I have always found it interesting and even brought me a few hairs and it gave me some shakes, something that does not happen much these days, I think any negative surrounding the film can only be attributed to its stimulation, which, in my eyes, is perfection, but for modern audiences it will be seen as a slow slow. There is enough time, even within a short 40-minute period, for character development and expansion of the plot, and I must say that it is a new favorite of mine and certainly one of the best films of the decade.
