Pendragon Pictures The new film "War of the Worlds," the first true adaptation of the original novel, has been in development for about five years. A theater show was scheduled for the beginning of this year (March 2005), but this has never happened. The DVD was rushed to coincide with the release of Spielberg's version, which hits theaters on June 29th. I liked this film with some reservations. How faithful is the adaptation? He is not 100% faithful to Wells' book, but 90-95% of believers are good enough for me. At least a few scenes were all new, such as Ogilvy's confrontation with a farmer and the countless writer / narrator who had tea with his cousin. But overall, the film follows the book very carefully - certainly much more than George Pal's classical version of 1953. His biggest fault is that he was obviously made on a very cheap budget. Most seem to have been shot on a blue screen and composed of digitally rendered backgrounds. This is particularly annoying in most indoor photography as well as scenes from the crowded streets of the city. London's 1898 general overview shows something like a video game. Many scenes of horse-drawn carts were forged - I think they could not afford to rent a horse. The only scenes shot for "real" seem to be in open fields or forests. But within the limits of these budget constraints, they have done enough. From an artistic point of view, the movie looks good. Martians and their tripods are pretty well made and are very correct with Wells descriptions. I was particularly impressed by the heat rays. Although the Thunder Child sequence, which should have been one of the most important moments of the movie, is very disappointing. It is a great shame that they could not afford more actual sets or better animation. The act and direction will not win any Oscar. For the most part, they are competent, not bad but not overdue. The music is pretty good, although it is not the same as any of the main composers in Hollywood. I'm glad he did not get a theater show because limiting the budget would have made it look worse on a big screen. Currently, I would appreciate this in a similar way to a BBC-TV adaptation of classical literature. Some ripples: Most scenes are presented with various color filters (especially red). This may be an artistic choice, but it is used very inconsistently, and it seems rather an unclear task to master the DVD. And the fake writer / narrator's mustache moves from scene to stage. Bottom Line - Worth seeing? If you can look over the technical and budget limits and get into the story, I think you'll enjoy it, especially if you read H G Wells's novel. If, however, you are easily dropped out of cheap production, you should better pass this (if you are not a MST3K fan). Be warned, however, that the movie is running for a total of 3 hours, so I do not recommend watching it in one session. BTW: A completely different version of World War II (alias "INVASION") appeared on DVD the same month that Spielberg hit the theaters: http://imdb.com/title/tt0449040/. This has been done on a budget, but is up to date like the Spielberg movie - but it's much better! And to the end, Jeff Wayne makes an animated film of the best-selling album in 1978, but will not go out until 2007.
