In 2005, he saw no less than 3 film productions of H. G. Wells' great novel, "The War of the Worlds." This is probably the least known and perhaps the best of them. No other version of WotW ever attempted to present the story as Wells wrote, but to create the atmosphere of the time it was supposed to take place: the last year of the nineteenth century, 1900? using the original Wells setting in and around Woking, England. IMDb seems unfriendly to what they regard as spoilers. This could be true for some movies, where the end could actually be a surprise, but one of the most famous novels in the world seems to be bad. I have no sympathy for people who have neglected to read a paper in English literature, so go directly to the pursuit. Aliens are destroyed by catching a disease of the Earth against which they have no immunity. If this is a spoiler, so be it; after a book and three other movies (including the 1953 classic), you should know how this movie ends. This film, following Wells' plot mainly, is also very cleverly presented? in a way that could put many viewers out of ignorance of the 19th / early 19th century photographs. Although the film is filmed in a wide-ranging way, the film moves to a certain length to give an impression of contemporary. The general coloring of the skin and clothing shows a sepia shade often found in old photographs (rather than in black). Colors often remind of manual coloring. Sometimes, the colors are washed. These variations are typical of early films that did not use standard cellulosic stock, and thus had many changes in print quality, from black / white to sepia / white to blue / white to red / white and so on ? as you will occasionally see here. Are the special effects deliberately retrograde, of a kind seen even in the 1920s? and yet the Martians and their cars are very much as Wells described and have a more realistic sense. Are some effects really strange? such as the destruction of Big Ben. The act is often more in the style of that period than ours. Some aspects of the Victorian dress may seem strange, especially the use of pomade or brilliantine on the head and facial hair. Is this movie the only one to follow with Wells' original rapport? as mentioned. Viewers may find it helpful to note the plot details that appear here, which are occasionally retained in other versions of the story. Wells description of martians? a giant head mounted on numerous tentacles ?? is actually portrayed. When the Martian apparatuses appear for about an hour in the film, they also give a good impression of how Wells described them. Both Wells and this film are an excellent job to describe the progress of Martians from the limited (first) perspective of rural England? plus some scenes in London (involving the Narrator brother). The director can not resist showing the destruction of a major landmark (Big Ben), but at least he does not live unjustifiably in connection with the devastation of London. Victoria's marriage is not a surprise at all, despite some of their cars being destroyed by cannon. The narrator, traveling in search of escape, sees much of what Wells calls the "routine of mankind." He is confronted with a clean, gifted Victorian suffering of a precious and nervous personality. They are finally at the edge of a nest on Tuesday, where they discover a terrible fact: Martians are vampires who consume live prey in a very effective scene. Wells adds that after they ate, they created a "long and cheerful joke." Finally, is the Narrator bound to make senseless and cleaner hysterics? who returns the same way the Martians pull him in the wardrobe (the ghouls at the gallery, the clean Britons are so often extremely scarce). This movie takes almost 3 hours, going through Wells's story. Is it time for the author to figure it out? in a compelling presentation that has a dramatic impact. A word about acting: Do not expect award-winning shows. Not bad, however, the actors are serious and grow up on you. Most of them, however, had very abbreviated filmmakers, often only in this film. The narrator is performed by Anthony Piana in his second film. Is John Kaufman clean? also in his second actor film, but who had more directing experience. The brother ("Henderson") is played with some conviction by W. Bernard Bauman in his first film. Artilleman, the only other significant part, is played by James Lathrop in his first film. This is generally a splendid film, portraying for the first time World War as it has written well. In spite of its slight defects, it is far farther than any of its defeated competitors. If you want to see the World War of H. G. Wells? and not a completely distorted version of it? see this movie!
