Imagine that you could have everything you wanted, go wherever you wanted it to be something you ever dreamed of being - by thinking alone. Now, imagine that you share this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Would these powers deserve your soul? This is the dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in Cage, the legendary pilot episode of the original Star Trek series. Familiarly considered "too cold" and "too cold" of NBC brass and rejected, "The Cage" was still the most ambitious and costly pilot ever made in network history at the time, and Gene Roddenberry did not want to let it all effort and spending are lost, resulting in this truly classic Star Trek episode incorporating "The Cage" into a story that deepens and expands the emotional and philosophical depth of this haunting story, a landmark in television history and one of the first SF stories really serious films ever shot for the small screen ... Star Date 3012: Enterprise USS moves to Starbase 11 after Spock receives an urgent message from the former Enterprise commander. Surprisingly, the message can not be from Captain Pike, after all, because he is now confined to a wheelchair, mute and terribly deformed after a tragic accident. Star commander commander commander Commodore Mendez tries to reach the bottom of the mystery, but before the issue is clear, Spock - for reasons unknown so far - commits an act of open uproar, kidnapping captain Pike helplessly and hijacking the Enterprise through -A brilliant plan, thoughtful and programmed, helped by a few pins of volcanic nerves. Soon, Enterprise is heading to Talos IV, forbidden, forbidden. Mendez informs Kirk that Talos IV is forbidden, and any contact with the planet by the Starfleet ships or staff carries an immediate death sentence, which means that Spock seems to deliberately destroy himself and Kirk, since The captain will be held responsible for the ship's activities. Defended, Kirk and Mendez run into a shuttle, which itself becomes dangerous when the Enterprise refuses to respond to their calls or to lift the boat until power and oxygen are almost gone. Spock - knowing that Kirk must be the one who follows the ship - is, of course, incapable of giving the captain a certain death. After ordering the ships to be picked up and the occupants crossed the board, Spock reveals what McCoy did and asks to be arrested after setting the ship on an irrevocable course to Talos IV. On request, Kirk asks for an explanation, after which Spock calls the immediate martial court by a tribunal of Starfleet commander officers - three of whom are on board - Mendez, Kirk and invalid Captain Pike. Spock's encyclopedic knowledge of Starfleet regulations allows him to manipulate the tribunal to allow him to show otherwise inadmissible evidence. Spock presents the video of the only contact ever made between the Federation and the residents of Talos IV - a trip made 13 years earlier by the Enterprise itself, under Pike's command. Kirk expresses doubts about the authenticity of the video due to its extreme details, but the reality of the events described is confirmed by Pike himself, who is proving to be attracted to Talos IV by a distress call from the alleged survivors of a Federation ship survey it collapsed there 18 years ago. Survivors include Vina, an amazing beauty that is said to have been born just before the disaster. Pike is attracted to the girl and allows him to lure him in an isolated place, after which he is captured and captured by talosani, a race of androgynous humanoids with enormous skull capacity and the power to turn thoughts into virtual reality. After capturing Pike, the other "survivors" disappeared, because none of them really existed except the fault. The episode ends when the tribunal finds out that Spock's "evidence" is actually being transmitted to the company directly from Talos IV, violating the Fleet regulations. The Fleet fleet orders immediate transmission stops and we ask what will happen next ... Continue in a review of "Menagerie: Part II"!
