One and two menageries were the only 2 ground floor during the 3-year round of the original Trek series and it was because Roddenberry managed to bring most of the movie to the first "The Cage". The move has been made necessary to tackle issues related to deadlines in producing episodes (such a show in the 1960s was an obstacle to make it on time). A positive result since then was that the public, unaware of the pilot produced some years earlier, was treated to a new crew and captain for these two episodes, in addition to regular characters, as if the producers had spent twice the money on these episodes to present a TV episode that spans a dozen Starfleet history (although they still used terms such as the "Unified Spatial Fleet" in these early episodes). space mysterious space: The enterprise is redirected to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons and very soon Spock is a suspect in these shenanigans. Surprisingly, although McCoy complains that Spock's legacy of Vulcan makes impossible the subterfuge, it seems that Spock really acts in a revenge scheme to get his precious driver and kidnap his former captain, Pike. Spock is half human, we tend to forget. Or did he just become mad? It may well be because he runs the Enterprise at Talos IV, a planet so limited that it is subject to the only death penalty known in the Fleet books. When the jig is up, there's an extraordinary Spock scene that teaches a McCoy fugitive, as Uhura looks in shock. Even Kirk, usually constantly as a captain must be, does not know what to do with the illogical behavior of his first officer. In the third and final act, we begin to see images of an Enterprise mission from 13 years ago, when Commander Pike and Spock were one of his officers. We really do not know where all this happens and what Spock hopes to do - and this is another thing that makes this a good 2-floor - we really need to find out what it's about in the 2- a. Not only is Spock facing severe penalties, but Kirk's career seems to be over. Double danger, folks. This is the first episode televised for one of these ships (none were available in the "Inner Enemy" earlier when trades were really needed). There is also one of those matte paintings to convey the atmosphere of a futurist star - this was the only way to view such things. Finally, check Kirk's approach at the beginning of the episode - boy, you do things in his direction as the story progresses.
