I have to warn you, there are some spoilers. But to get started, I took "Spanish judges" in February, I think. It was mentioned that it was the last copy, but, as I see it, it was not ordered back. But anyway, I have it. I thought it was good. I wanted to see this mainly because of the great actor, Matthew Lillard (I'm not surprised by anyone on reviews mentioning the scar), although it's a kind of low budget, getting enough money to make this movie would be worth costs. Man, what is a good actor. The story is about an artist known as Jack (Matthew Lillard), who "claims" to have commodities called the Spanish Judges. If you do not know what Spanish judges are or have not seen the trailer for this, and this is the first review you've read, I will not even say what I am. I thought it would be a big turn that nobody knew what it was. She needs protection, so she hires a couple who is also a crook, Max and Jamie (Vincent D'Onofrio and Valeria Golino) and a scam named Piece (Mark Boone Junior). She has a girlfriend who will not even tell anyone her name because she's from Mars, as she said. So they (mainly Jack) call it "Mars Girl". Everything starts well, but then turns into a big game. A game that involves a lust, a lie and betrayal. There were some who act in it (Matt and Valeria, as well as Tamara, were not one of them). There were some scenes that he could have done better and the score could have been a bit better. Some of the score was actually good. The theme they used for beginning and end (before credits) was a good choice for songs, that's my opinion. The battle scene eventually could have been a bit longer and a little more violent, but what can you do? Another comment on Matt: Hell, he plays a conscious and smooth man. I know it's a review, but I have to make a correction for NeCRo, one of the reviewers: Valeria Golino is not a newcomer. According to this site, she has been acting since 1983. For me and hopefully for others, she is known as the love of Charlie Sheen's Italian love in both "Hot Shots!" movies. But a good review. Although I think it's one of the rare movies I've seen and is really good (that's why I gave it 10 stars above), I'll give a note of what I thought when I first saw it. <br /> <br /> 8/10
