Aoleu. Another example of "Oireland" and religion. Undoubtedly, we will see some depressing nonsense containing some "free and free macho freedoms" from the IRA. Well, this was my initial reaction when the credits started, but just over an hour and a half later I was in a state of shock. What a wonderful film The story begins on the wedding day between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is a small problem when I marry in the Catholic Church and this is Sheila Protestant, but for the wedding to happen Sheila makes a commitment that children they will be raised Catholic and will attend Catholic school when they are old enough.The story - which was set in the 1950s - then jumps a few years back when Cloney's daughters are about to start school, but Sheila decided to participate at the local Protestant School to the disgust of the local priest, Father Stafford. From there things get bigger <br /> Let me put my books on the table and say that despite the fact that I had both the Irish Catholic Christian legacy, as well as the Protestant Scot, I was raised as an agnostic and considered myself an atheist throughout my adult life. In fact, when it comes to religion, I think I am xist, and religion is a cynical weapon used to manipulate people. A LOVE DIVIDED shows what happens when self-appointed moral guardians take their own to tell others what to think and believe. Can I have the courage to say that if Karl Marx saw this movie, would he like to call it a masterpiece? Perhaps you should not, since the drama of this story shows what happens when other people think about you. In response to the two reviewers who supported this film is the propaganda of the worst kind of do not pretend to know exactly the details of what happened in Wexford County and there is no doubt that Father Stafford and her flock of Catholic sheep are portrayed as bad boys, but Sheila is not her fault. Think of a woman who lives in a rural village in the 1950s. Is Ireland committed to bringing her children up as Catholics change their minds and thinks they will have no consequences in this respect? This is a warning against taking commitments rather than respecting them. Not only that, but it disappears to allow other people to pick up the pieces of their broken life. There is also something that no one else has taken and that the only character of any moral sense is the former IRA man, Andy Bailey, who is shown to be gallant not because he was a member of the IRA a change, we are not talking about the WORD OF THE DEVIL here), but simply because he is an atheist who has decided to think of him. A LOVE DIVIDED is a superb movie that has a lot to say for itself, all of which I agree with. If there is any kind of criticism, it feels too much like a TVM, rather than a cinematic film, but believe me I can live with it, and it is essential to look at anyone who thinks religion is opium of the masses
