I never allow myself to be amazed and terrified by the evil that has been preached in the history of the world in the name of religion, and it seems that the machinations of the 20th Century Catholic Church of Ireland lie right there, that the wisdom of history and modern times should have a reversal effect. A divided love is the story of a true family stung by ignorant and prejudiced intolerance, all in the name of a deadly doctrine of the Church. At the beginning of the film, we are given a picture of Bucolic life in a small Irish village where Sheila and Sean Cloney are happy married with two young children. Sean is a Catholic, and Sheila is Protestant, but she has no doubt that her children are raised as Catholic. There is no sign of animosity between Catholics and Protestants in the village. Peaceful and loving relationships are soon destroyed when Sheila expresses the desire to have her older child participate in the Protestant school. The local priest wants to ban this "sin," and soon Sheila's husband and the entire Catholic population of the village turned against her as well as her dairy local dairy farmer. In an act of defiance and despair, Sheila kidnaps the two girls and escapes from the area. Special note should be given to Orla Brady, who plays Sheila. It provides an extremely powerful performance where the viewer is attracted to the emotional trauma in which she decides to reject the wishes of a husband she deeply loves to express her desire to establish itself as independent of the pressures of the institution. On an equal footing is Liam Cunningham who interprets Sean for offering a realistic portrait of a man who is not as complex as his wife, who is torn between his love for her and the influence of the Church and the community. If it were fiction, this movie would have been an exciting and exciting drama. Considering it is true, it turns into a terrible tragedy. In real life, the people and the village have not fully recovered from the events that took place there. It took almost half a century for the Church to recognize its negative role in events, and although Sheila and Sean have lived their lives in the area, they have not fully recovered from what their religious leaders and colleagues have done It is we who deny the fundamental rights of elected education, we lower planes in buildings, subdue women, condemn whole races, or simply torture and murder, we certainly have the ability to use religion as a strong negative force in our society.
