It would take Shakespeare's beauty and eloquence to cope with this remarkable cinematic show. However, I'll give you a go. As far as Hamlet's adaptation is concerned, it is already at a better starting point than all other versions because it includes the whole piece. However, this is not a guarantee for a first-rate movie or even a good one. Usually, there is not much to do with movies that are excessive, and the trend that seems to be dominated by Hollywood today, namely that the movies should last for at least two hours, preferably three, is one that we hope, it will not take long. Few stories are strong enough to resist such extensive exploration and may make some cuts. Making a four-hour film and keeping it interesting is not a small business, but Kenneth Branagh shoots it with flying color. He managed to make a very long film does not look like any medium movie. I have been completely covered from start to finish. The distribution is excellent with Kenneth Branagh himself as the tortured prince giving him a powerful and memorable performance. He manages to convey his admirable feelings through his voice, and he must not be an expert on Shakespearean verses to capture the innumerable emotions that take place in him. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise, I have to say. I did not know what to expect. I've always liked him pretty well as an actor, but he was not sure he could get Shakespeare out. Well, she eradicated all the doubts with her performance. She is the best opel I've ever seen and I borrowed the character in depth and it was simply wonderful. Other brilliant performances are Derek Jacobi like Claudius, Richard Briers as Polonius and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio to name just a few. I liked the fact that Branagh used some internationally known stars to play in some of the minor roles; I was especially glad of the sparring between Hamlet and the gravidigger played by Billy Crystal. The setting of the play in the 19th century offers a usual welcome change to Gothic gothic settings. It is generally much lighter than other versions I've seen, more colorful and generous, but this does not distract attention from the track's tragedy. It is exceptional, elegant and pleasantly aesthetically pleasing to the eyes and other senses. Patrick Doyle's music is as if it's always magical and consistent with the movie. You may feel a deep sense of satisfaction after seeing this. I am shocked and frightened by the fact that this artistic creation has not won the Academy Award for Best Picture, especially since it has not even been nominated. There is no better movie made in that year or any other year for that. This is as close to the perfection you can hope for. <br /> <br /> To summarize, a stunning brilliant work purely and I can not see how anyone could bear this. My hat is on you, Mr. Branagh.
