Many people do not think Hamlet's Branagh movie is so good, but I have to admit that I think it's splendid. Like almost any production of Shakespeare, she has problems and had to make hard choices, not all of this passing. The thing about "secret doors everywhere", for example, simply does not work. This element never touches the threatening sense of the metaphor or the analogy that it is trying to lead, which results in the song being too loud and losing the sense of the trade mark of a thousand mysteries that rise. This is the biggest problem with this production. And while it's a biggie, I'm also inclined to say it's the only problem. Almost everything else works absolutely beautiful. All right, Branagh is too old for the title role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems a little forced. And sometimes it gets too hysterical. But that's it. No other complaint. Even with these mistakes, I think this version is a secondary one and, if it is not such a strong drama as it should be, it is precisely the literary work that it should do equally. We get the full text of the longest version of the piece, innovated and expansive on the screen, mostly outlined in perfect and modern voices and very easy to understand - even if sometimes they speak too fast to get massive text. But in a Shakespeare scenario, it's simply not possible to speak slow enough for the audience to really appreciate the depth of the language. For that, you need to bury yourself in the printed versions of the pieces. All actors in this version are simply fascinated and completely and instantly classic (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is certainly one of the best ever, and even American actors are stunning, esp. Charlton Heston as King - Who Would Believe? (A story happens when Heston once played Hamlet on stage, and when a critic in the first row could not figure out the harnesses and said aloud, "That's terrible!" Heston "Of course, it may not be true, but it's a funny story - and if it's true, a bold and ironic choice for Branagh to include Heston here." Robin Williams is "Young Ozric "Maybe he's not young enough for him, but he's making it a comic story that's guaranteed." "Generally, it's a very good version, most of the key scenes are, in my opinion, extremely memorable." Of course I watched this movie just as I became interested in Shakespeare (and at the same time with Luermann's formidable Romeo + Juliet) and made a great impression on me, which must be a part of my love for that. /> All things taken to the cons I must say that Branagh's Hamlet is my favorite, and the BBC version of Derek Jacobi's 1980s is almost a second. Perhaps Branagh's Shakespeare is working more than most, finding him an interpreter and popularizing expert, with an occasional appealing attitude to words and a deep and enthusiastic appreciation of the text. In the world of Shakespeare's actor, Olivier and Branagh remain the two brighter, while while Olivier is the superior actor, Branagh makes Shakespeare descend from the pedestal of snob and artifice and transform it into a populist world , nothing in his dignity. Branagh, I think, takes a more real Shakespeare than the world he has seen yet. So, 10 out of 10 for an extraordinary Hamlet.
