When I read Hamlet for the first time, I could not think of the end of the OUTRAGEOUS FORCE, where Bette Midler puts the game because she is indecisive and says: "Give me Romeo every day." Five acts of a man trying to decide whether or not to kill his uncle or not? It seemed overwhelmed for me. But after reading later, I really appreciated the play. I saw versions of Olivier and Gibson (and some of the version of Nicol Williamson), and all took their model from Olivier; melancholy Dane. Olivier at least did it without being indulgent about it, but Gibson and, from what I saw, Williamson, seemed to have gone to "Look, Ma, I'm acting school." /> Now comes the Kenneth Branagh version, which breathes from the beginning to the end. It finished # 2 in my 1996 chart (behind ENGLISH PATIENT, and in front of LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS & LIES, WHO VARI LOVE YOU, FLASHING WITH DISASTER, LOVE NIGHT and SEARCH FOR RICHARD) and it's the best Hamlet, and maybe the best Shakespeare movie. Obviously, Branagh's talent as a director to make the full version in 70 of millimeters, and we do not lose interest for four hours, it's great, but what seems to be overlooked in the talks about this film is its role-playing role. which actors seem to capture by playing Hamlet as a common and ordinary human being, and makes us understand his actions and feelings every step of the way. And, unlike Olivier, which depends more on his voice, Branagh uses his whole body to demonstrate the range of emotions that Hamlet crosses, but since he plays it normally, none seem to be a sort of sculpture. /> The rest of the song is also top. I did not even think of Jack Lemmon, although I agree that he is the weakest member of the cast. The most surprising row came from Charlton Heston; I have always found it rigid as a blackboard, but he's quite commanding as the player's king. The other big surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I'd find the bad guy like the first Gravedigger, but he was his usual ordinary amusement while he was in character. All in all, a glorious movie!
