There were a lot of things going against this movie for me before I was watching. First of all, I was a typical high school senior in a Shakespeare class I did not really like, much less understood half! Shakespeare would be no more than UNINTELLIGIBLE without I pouring ALL of my concentration into his almost encrypted tracks ... encrypted with extremely difficult language ... and then I still could not get the majority. Second, it was 4 hours! I never thought it might be a good thing. Let me tell you something. This movie was so great, so beautiful that I understood, in fact, all languages ​​as it was done. Now, the script was followed by the letter in this movie, the same scripture that was incomprehensible to me in the Shakespeare class. Here, my mind was opened and I understood it. I doubt as I almost look at the movie! But here and there ... when it was made, and only then, Shakespeare comes to life. So this version of Hamlet showed me that Shakespeare is indeed a master who wrote wonderful stories. When I saw him on the big screen, especially in the style of big budget cinema (with a beautiful cinema and a photo), and I played amazingly Brannagh and cast, somehow ... I understand what's going on. What has been said. The language is wonderful and passionate. It allows more brutal excitement ... when words can not describe something, maybe Shakespeare speaks. <br /> <br /> I still hold to this day that Fist of the North Star is the biggest film ever made. No movies offer more fun. But for a film to come close to Fist's dethroning of that position (which Hamlet did - he came close) is really amazing ... frightening. It was not a movie. It was an event. Even more amazing, it made me appreciate Shakespeare. Wow. Strong. Power is the word. One of the rare, TRUE movies out there. It receives two hundred trillions of stars from infinite stars. Yes Yes. By the way, all the kids out there in a Shakespeare class ... forget it. You're losing time. You have to see the pieces made. Only then will they be right.
