This was the second of the two films "Hamlets" shot in the nineties, the first being that of Franco Zeffirelli, with Mel Gibson in 1990. Zeffirelli's version, like Laurence Olivier's in 1948, was based on a version the short text, the original text being cut. (I never saw the 1969 version of Tony Richardson, but while it ran away in less than two hours, shorter than that of Zeffirelli, I suppose it was also shortened). Kenneth Branagh tried something far more ambitious - a movie based on the full text of the play, with a running time of about four hours. With Henry V, Branagh claimed Olivier's crown as Shakespearean, who confirmed his claim with his "shining work about nothing," a rare example of a great Shakespeare-based comedy. Hamlet was the third Shakespeare film director (he also starred as Iago in Oliver Parker's 1995 "Othello") and, as one might expect, is very different from "Much Ado." The previous film, shot in a villa on the hills of Tuscany and the beautiful surrounding countryside, is a summer movie about everything that makes life deserve to live. Hamlet, by contrast, is set in the depths of winter. (The flowers in the description of Ophelia's death suggest that Shakespeare himself was thinking about the action that is going on during the summer). The appearance of the film is particularly striking, both sumptuous and cool. It was filmed at Blenheim Palace, possibly England's most grandiose house, but also quite forbidden. Snow scenes are cold and alive; the formal and elaborate interior ones. The action is updated in the middle of the nineteenth century; the female characters wear the elaborate clothes of that era, while the main men wear largely splendid military uniforms. (There is a contrast here with Zeffirelli's film, where both the interior and the costumes were deliberately subject to tone). The play is dominated by images of corruption and despair; Branagh's intention was to contrast a splendid surface with "something rotten in the state of Denmark". The film is notable for the large number of great actors, some of them very minor roles. (Blink and you might miss John Gieldgud or Judi Dench). It seems that a production company has demanded a distribution of all the stars that was nervous about a four-hour film. Some of the imported Hollywood stars, such as Robin Williams' Oscar, did not really give in, but others, such as King Charlton Heston's or Billy Crystal's first Gravedigger, played their songs well. Yorick, normally seen as a skull, is seen here in flashback by British comedian Ken Dodd. Brian Blessed, who often plays javelin characters, is thrown against the guy like the Spirit and makes scenes in which he really appears scary. Of the major characters, perhaps the worst was Kate Winslet's Ophelia. Branagh's main lady in Shakespeare's first two films was his wife, Emma Thompson, but their marriage ended in divorce in 1995. However, I realized that Thompson was cast; though Winslet came to her in the crazy scenes of Ophelia, she seemed weak in the oldest, where her character is still normal. (I preferred Helena Bonham Carter in the version of Zeffirelli). Richard Briers plays Polonius with greater dignity than is often given, a wise and experienced adviser, rather than an old madman. Julie Christie also brings dignity to Gertrude's role; there is no attempt here, as it was with Gibson and Glenn Close in the Zeffirelli version, to suggest an incestuous attachment between her and Hamlet. (An interpretation that owes more to Freud than to Shakespeare). The age difference between Christie and Branagh is big enough for them to be credible as a mother and son, which certainly was not the case with Close and Gibson. (Olivier's Gertrude, Eileen Herlie, was bizarre, 13 years younger than him). Branagh said his intention to restore those scenes that are often cut in kinematic versions was "to reinforce the idea that the game is about a national and internal tragedy." There is a lot of emphasis on war with Norway and the Norwegian Prince Fortinbras - a subplot completely ignored by Zeffirelli. This emphasis on national tragedy is best illustrated in the character of Claudius, sometimes played as a one-dimensional character. There is something about Derek Jacobi's performance, which suggests that Claudius might have been a good man in different circumstances, but that he allowed himself to be lost in ambition and lust. He could have been a good and loyal servant to his brother, but he chose to reign as an evil king. Although he is tortured to blame, he can not see any kind of fine for the evil he has done. Branagh, a wonderful fluent speaker of Shakespeare's verse, is superb in the lead role. Like Gibson, he does not have much time for Hamlet's old concept to be indecisive, passive and melancholy. He is an active, physical and energetic Hamlet, something best shown in his fatal duel with Laertes. Its leadership is not the despair of the world, but the active disgust with evil and corruption. It was a bet for Branagh to make a four-hour epic, and the movie did not do well at the box office. However, he was praised by many critics, James Berardinelli being particularly enthusiastic. My opinion is that, whatever the financial income, Branagh's money was paid in artistic terms. Focusing on the full text, he succeeded in highlighting the full meaning and full emotional power of Shakespeare's most complex piece. When I reviewed her "Much Ado," I said it was the biggest ever movie in a Shakespeare comedy. His "Hamlet" may be the biggest ever film of Shakespeare's tragedy. 10/10
