The great epic, Kenneth Branagh's monumental interpretation of William Shakespeare's most popular tragedy suffers under the weight of four hours of play and certainly has a real power of residence. Two completely separate sessions would be better to fully appreciate what is definitely a high-class movie. While I absolutely admit this masterpiece as such, I have to confess a lack of enthusiasm for the flamboyance of the old bordi, its rhetoric (and it sends so well) and its many blossoms. Thus, Hamlet loses its impact as it loses its adhesion. From Patrick Doyle's music to Alex Thomson's cinematography to Tim Harvey's extraordinary sets, the film is a celebration of visual and aural delights that compliments a fine. Branagh took over three huge mantels, adapting, guiding and playing. His adaptation is superb, his strong direction, but until the moment Hamlet came to the stalk, the stem seemed to look; but still he does a good job in what is an incredible taxing role. Derek Jacobi shakes clairvoyant Claudius with joy, and Julie Christie is the most dramatic queen, Gertrude. Richard Briers is great as Polonius, and Charlton Heston is again a strong influence of the screen as the player's king. Many of them, including Jack Lemmon, Billy Crystal, Dame Judi Dench, Sir John Mills, Sir John Gielgud, Sir Richard Attenborough and Gerard Depardieu. The action prize must go to one of the great discoveries of the theories of recent years, Kate Winslet. Hers is a portrayal of the most tragic figure in this business, Ophelia. To finish (before this review goes on longer than the movie), I have to say that it is the length that truly tests on this movie. Branagh directed it with purpose, offering many important and important scenes. Too many of them welcomed. Watching this movie has a fantastic memory of the many pearls of wisdom I have gained from it. "No creditor or borrower is" or "Be true to yourself". And, of course, "Be or not to be". Two hours of opening need a certain perseverance, but if you manage to stay tuned, you are sure you will be treated to the ultimate refresher that gathers the Moment from the tragic funeral. <br /> <br /> Monday, June 8, 1998 - Hoyts Croydon
