The image of film studios that is driven financially instead of creative is not devoid of truth (in fact, it is more true than false). This raises the question why Castle Rock Entertainment allowed Kenneth Branagh to create a complete, undeniable version of "Hamlet," with full creative control, among others. Of course, Branagh had to agree with some concessions (a top-end distribution and a 2.5-hour version for a larger version), but why the movie studio would allow Branagh to spend money on a 4 hours that few have known? Could he, at least in this case, have sufficiently respected Branagh's material and vision of creating something for some people? This is not a question I can answer. Whatever the reason, this is a glorious vision for those who are willing to spend four hours watching "Hamlet". Everybody knows the story, so I will not spend much time in that. However, unlike other productions of the play, the scene included, this is a totally smooth production that has never been done before. According to some, Shakespeare never intended that the play be made uncut, leaving the decision to include at the discretion of the director. Having said that, I have no doubt that if he were able to see it, the Bard would have been pleased with Branagh's production. The film is very difficult with film stars, though most have only a few parts. Everyone plays the parts just as well. I would have thought that Branagh is too old to play Hamlet and, while he may be, his performance only does that. Hamlet is a complex part, showing every emotion from pain to anger, happiness to madness and everything in between. Branagh killed him. Derek Jacobi is wonderful as Claudius, with deceit and betrayal, who puts all these things in motion; his unique voice is perfect for the role. Julie Christie is also very good as Gertrude, Hamlet's caregiver, who can not figure out what's going on until the end of the game. Classic actors are broadcast in parts (Judi Dench is all 60 seconds and has no lines), but at least they are in it. Surprisingly, nobody takes this to heart; everyone gives them everything and looks. Special mention should be made to Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal, who are excellent. Robin Williams is a little too bad, but he's not bad (his part is pretty small anyway). However, this is undoubtedly the show of Branagh. He adapted one of the most famous pieces of history, making a project whale; it is impressive that he succeeded, but the fact that the film is good is a monumental achievement. What I really liked about this movie is that you do not have to be a Shakespearean scholar who can enjoy it. As most people know, Shakespeare is hard to digest, but Branagh and his distribution understand this. "Hamlet" is still extremely enjoyable to sit and listen to the actors who give a brilliant dialogue and great action. This is one thing you have to see for everyone and for everyone. It can be four hours, but certainly worth it.
