First of all, what I did not like. The act was not really the Hamlet standard. Branagh was really overhead, making a lot of screaming. In my opinion, those actors who were not big-name celebrities generally did a better job; although I would like, except for Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And Charlton Heston, too, but I was not sure if he was playing a hack). Many ambiguities in the game have been clearly resolved in some way in flashbacks. I think it speaks very much in favor of this game is that it is accessible. Shakespeare is hard to understand for the vast majority of today's people; many people are not even inclined to try because of its reputation for serious literature and its archaic English. If I see this movie, they will clearly understand the interpretation of at least one man about the play. They will see it more, as Shakespeare's audiences saw: a play with battles and sword battles, powerful kings and nobles, murder and incest, evil schemes and ghosts - and great art, if anyone cares to look for it , Shakespeare's Day no more, no more than most people are doing now. Branagh's supremacy and the forcing of his interpretation of the story of the spectator may somewhat distract Shakespeare's art, but it is better for a modern audience to get a piece of it rather than nothing. I have to say one more thing. Some people complain that "it was established in the nineteenth century and that it was not Shakespeare's time." Well, during Shakespeare's time, their costume and landscape was the one of their day for all their pieces. Shakespeare could have said he was in the days of ancient Rome or medieval Denmark or something else, but he did not dress his characters as they were, he used the costumes of his time. For the same reason, his pieces are full of anachronisms. For example, in King John, the English and the French have guns - on Robin Hood's day. In Julius Caesar, I am talking about chimneys that were not invented for another thousand years, and in Henry IV he speaks of Machiavelli, which was not born until then. So I think this objection is bad - you might complain that the song is not in Danish (after all, I live in Denmark, right?).
