He's still school-age and I have to learn almost constantly Shakespeare for the last four years (which is very much removed by any writer, no matter how good), I did not really expect to enjoy this film when the teacher my english on; I thought it would be a typical English movie: bad action, great shot, poorly edited, and terrible old dialogue, as you can say, I was still ready to go into a coma on the go. However, I looked, and much to my disturbance, I found myself not only paying attention, but even enjoying the film. This production of Hamlet is probably one of the best drama films I have ever seen - and it really brings to life what I expect Shakespeare to want his pieces to be (well, except that is cinema) my English teacher throwing over the possible text ever. The story is good, the dialogue seems to flow with unexpected grace, which is far from boring (though it's hard to keep up if you are not used to Shakespeare's language) and even the smallest parts are fulfilled with a skill that you would not want Do not wait; mainly because of the amazing number of cams who have this movie. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are just as wonderful as you would expect these two veterans to be, even in such small parts, but Robin Williams as Oscar and Billy Crystal as Gravedigger are really distinguished by offering minor parts an unexpected thing as well as providing a comic amusement amid the tragedy. The main stars, of course, are also wonderful. Kenneth Branagh excels as Hamlet, bringing not only the confusion and pain he plays, but also a kind of sardonic air that plays nicely in comic scenes, making the movie as a whole more visible. The other major players are also good, but Kenneth Branagh is head and shoulders above the others in the lead role. Pieces are also often quite amazing, giving a refreshing change to the old corridors of the castle, which we are accustomed to seeing in Shakespeare productions, as well as a true sense of the country around them. Of course, the film, shot as a film itself, is not free from mistakes, but not from the major ones (stimulation is the only real problem that I can guide on my own initiative, as well as the prose for anyone who has not used it, so as I have said, the Shakespearean language) and, especially when compared to the type of Shakespeare Productions I've used to seeing in class, is really pretty bright. It made me even rethink my typical Shakespeare teenage position, that his plays are boring (I came to the conclusion that they are not boring, but only the teachers who recite them in the classroom). If only they did all of their plays in movies like this, English students in schools everywhere could have a higher opinion about Bard. Overall 7/10
