What ambitious project Kenneth Branagh did and how well it was done! This is Hamlet's first film version to use the full text of Shakespeare's play, but Branagh did not just because "he was there." His intention, I think, was to make the game accessible and easy to understand for the general spectator without escaping him, so to speak. Instead, he asks the viewers to put a job in their own right, a fairly fair proposal and one that is a business. The setting is a generalized European generation of the nineteenth century, and it does more than work well, it keeps a modern or old look that could divert attention from the work itself. Production design and cinematography, and both, which greatly help when watching a four-hour film. Branagh's run is once again inspired, and the action is the same. The direction is doing the hard task of making this film rather than a luxurious version of the play. Because so many of Hamlet is based on the inner monologue and there are relatively few duels, battles, etc., this can be a daunting task. However, everything Branagh tries to do seems to work. Branagh has always been one of the most exciting actors / writers / directors, if not always the best since he made his biggest hit with "Henry V." A trickle I had with him was what we have seen as a tendency to face it sometimes. "In Hamlet's portrait, he could be accused again, but there is a way to work." Let's admit that "Hamlet" is not an easy work for a person's ordinary understanding , if someone has not seen it before, he or she needs help, even if they read the song. Hamlet has the most lines of any shakespearian character, and Branagh ensures that his viewers know what he thinks and feels even though you do not know the literal meaning of every single word, this Branagh performance was at least worthy of an Oscar nomination. merry, but some of them must be recognized. Derek Jacobi as Claudius is superb, but even he takes a back seat for Kate Winslet when it comes to praising. Her representation at Ophelia is wonderful in her depth of sensation, made more than knowing that she was only 20 years old! She looks at me as the most beautiful actress around you. Other super-performers, in special order, are not Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Maloney, Reece Dinsdale, and Timothy Spall as Guildenstern and Rosencrantz, respectively. Honorable mention refers to Julie Christie, Charlton Heston and Robin Williams, who manages to do her work here successfully. Even Billy Crystal works as a gravinger. The only member who is not, inexplicably, Jack Lemmon. In the very open scene, he appears and while the other three actors do an excellent job in setting up tense mood, Lemmon sounds like a favor. You know that this must have been a real dilemma for Branagh, because anything else about movies calls out that it's a perfectionist. You do not have to be careful when you talk about a four-hour film, but it seems too loud. Some monologues and conversations tend to go further if I were so bold, and a little judicious cut would be welcome. Did I forget anything other than Patrick Doyle's score? No doubt I did. I will summarize by saying that Kenneth Branagh would have made the final version of the movie "Hamlet" and it will be a truly monumental production that will do it.
