Moonchild is a very difficult movie to classify. It's easier to think about this as more instant moments of the life of the two central characters. The fact that these characters are members of a street band in a multicultural city in the near future and one of them is a vampire does not exclude them from having moments like any other people and this is one of the places where this film is different of anything else I've ever heard of. It does not matter that one of the main characters is a vampire, it's just something to be treated like any other problem. The way the characters interact is surprisingly realistic - there are relatives and embarrassing tricks that are meant to look like they do not work, which leaves the movie with a wonderful feeling of not taking too seriously for the most part. > <br /> The other area that has really come out is the languages. The fake town of Mallepa contains different cultural groups, and the characters speak the language they should speak. Japanese members speak Japanese with each other, but the Chinese speak with Chinese characters. Eventually, the funniest exchange involves an Australian and is conducted in English. The actors of the four main characters, which may have three different languages, have three separate languages ​​and speak different levels of the languages ​​of others, so it is pretty much the film does not work at all. Which, I suppose, brings me to the main actors. It has been greatly trusted that the film plays two of Japan's biggest rockets, Gackt and Hyde, as well as the Taiwanese superstar Lee-hom Wang, whether it is to praise them for acting, criticize or simply to wear them. In my opinion, Lee-hom is the best player to play a straight and realistic character. However, any lack of ability to act on Gackt's part is largely masked by the fact that the character he is playing is prone to be too dramatic. I was not sure if Hyde's character should have been as sarcastic and sarcastic as it was, but in reality he does not have fun with the movie. There are several scenes that merit rather melodramatic, which made it difficult for me to affect me emotionally (although this does not seem to stop many people). I found it better to enjoy the movie for what it is and not to take it too seriously - It's perfect to get out and look with a group of friends. It has its flaws, but it was generally very pleasant and I would recommend it very much to anyone who does not mind a few subtitles.
