Based on Gackt's idea, Moon Child took place in a poverty-stricken country called Mallepa. In a futuristic chronology, the story followed the lives of the two main characters Kei (HYDE) and Sho (Gackt) and their friends growing up together. Despite some actions could be done too much or maybe humor, I strongly believed that this is a movie about friendship. Even between all the hardships between each character, eventually each of them wanted to have someone on their side to have friends. Unlike most vampire characters, Kei portrayed a vampire who disgusted the idea of ​​killing to live. A vampire found friendship in the hand of a boy, Sho who is not afraid of Kei. No matter what some would have thought, I see Kei as a parent figure for Sho. Kei was there during Sho's previous life, he took care of him and taught him to live in a world where gang power controls their lives. On the other hand, Sho, who can be regarded as an innocent young man of enthusiastic style, grew up to be a man who realized that life is not only about fun and games, that death exists and can He takes loved ones. I like the part where Lee Hom, the actor who played the Son, first appeared on the screen. The way they met was really cool enough. The son also has an important role in this film, the fact that he is from another race, a Taiwanese, had a pretty big impact on the theme of friendship in the film. The way friendships have been developed, despite the differences in substance, have been portrayed excellently in this film. I think every actor has done a wonderful job, considering this was the first time they appeared in such a movie. Both HYDE and Gackt have managed to act pretty well and have created quite credible characters. Unlike the films in which the musician turned the actors and filled the film with songs, they made a very successful job! Moon Child really made an impact on me, gave friends a new meaning and consideration, that we must appreciate every friendship in our lives. The film shows a lot of hope, despite all the bad things happening in their lives, that there is always hope. Life can be cruel, we hope it no longer exists. It also shows a very strong sense of friendship between them, even when the Son became an enemy, Sho had some sort of "fun" at their last battle. Each of them wanted peace in the end, no matter how far they reached themselves. The final scene has shown it to us.
