"Ray invisible" is part of fictional science and part of horror. It was also the third of the seven Karloff / Lugosi features. In this entry the dominant role is given to Boris Karloff. Dr. Janos Rukh (Karloff) demonstrates his colleagues Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi), Sir Frances Stevens (Walter Kingsford), his wife Lady Stevens (Beulah Bondi) and their grandson Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton) , that a meteorite containing a strong element has landed on the African continent millions of years ago. Rukh impresses its guests who invite him to accompany them on an expedition to Africa to find the mysterious element. Rukh extinguishes himself and discovers the place where the meteorite landed and the element he calls "Radium X". Due to Rukh's long absences, his sweet wife Diana (Frances Drake) gets drawn to Drake, and the two fall in love. Meanwhile, Rukh becomes contaminated by Radium X to the point where anyone touches will die instantly. Contamination makes the skin radiate shining in the dark. Rukh goes to Benet for help. Benet develops an antidote that, if taken daily, will provide temporary immunity to the element. Unfortunately, the deadly element also affects Rukh's brain, turning it slowly into a revenge killer. While Rukh continued his work, Sir Frances informed him of his discovery back to France. Diana and Ronald accompany him. When Benet informs him about this action, Rukh accuses the party of betraying and discovering and secretly planning his revenge. When he returns to France, he learns about the healing power of Radium X as he heals his mother's blindness (Violet Kemble Cooper) and Benet's work in healing his patient's illnesses. But Rukh's madness intensifies. First he kills an innocent man who is identified as Rukh. After you hear Rukh's apparent appearance, Diana and Ronald get married. This disturbs Rukh and begins to avenge his five expedition members. One night he is attracted to a set of Benet and ... Karloff is excellent in the lead role that moves from an ambitiously happy scientist married into a raving maniac. Lugosi has a right role for one time and does everything he can with the limited part. At 79 minutes this film was the second longest of the six Karloff / Lugosi collaborations. Karloff's film all the way.
