The third collaboration for Karloff and Lugosi sees a move away from Poe in the science fiction series. Karloff plays the role of Dr. Janos Rukh, the creator of a device that can capture light rays through his telescope in the Carpathian Mountains and translate them into images that form a visual history of the universe. Before several guests, including Lugosi, as Dr. Benet, an astrochimist who previously suspected Rukh's theories demonstrates the existence of an unknown radioactive element called "Radium X" contained in a meteorite that fell on Earth in the darkest Africa several thousand years ago. Karloff joins the expedition to prove his theories, but Radium X is a tricky compound - it evaluates the long distance mountains and heals the blindness within a short time. However, Rukh is negligent and poisoned himself, shining in the dark, rather like those old commercials Ready Breck! Dr. Benet is in hand to design a radiation counter-active, but the combination of poisoning and healing leads Rukh paranoidly. Convinced he was deceived, he looks for members of the expedition in Paris, including his wife, and his wife, while in his radioactive state, means death ... the old pseudo-scientific idea that a dead person's eyes record the killer's image their (a remarkable Karloff!) and the Radium X device used to symbolically melt the statues representing the expedition members. And even a touch of James Whale in a cockney kitchen in Paris! Ray Invisible is fun, besides the Gothic opening it's interesting to see Universal move the action in Africa and Paris. The film has no rhythm, but it always absorbs it. Karloff slightly exceeds his performance, but Lugosi is great. Universal used the story again in Man Made Monster, this time with Lon Chaney Jr. as a shining threat (this time caused by electricity) and Lionel Atwill as a much more crazy doctor than Lugosi is here. Ray invisible is a small and grim movie, much to be admired. It's not as famous as other Universal Orcs, maybe, but it works and it's really fun.
