Horror Gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be more than enough reason for any lovers to watch a movie and even if the most convincing is not the only reason to watch this Sci-Fi / Horror gem. While Lambert Hillyer's "The Invisible Ray" of 1936 does not share the glow of other contemporary films with Karloff ("Frankenstein", "Bride Of Frankenstein", "Mummy" ...) or Lugosi ("White Zombie" Lost "," Dracula ", ...), or both (" The Black Cat "," The Raven ", ...) is undoubtedly a very entertaining film that no lover of the cinema of Karloff and Lugosi, of course, shines as always, and the film takes advantage of great scenes and an excellent photo. Janos Rukh, a brilliant scientist who invented a technique to look at the past through a telescope and discovered that a meteor struck the earth Thousands of years ago, known by Rukh's invention, the famous French scientist Dr. Felix Benet Lugosi invites him to join an expedition to find the meteorite. In Africa, Rukh makes a breakthrough capable of producing great welfare and a destruction both d it's great ... It's kind of weird that Karloff, who was actually British, plays a Hungarian scientist here, while Lugosi, a Hungarian, plays a French scientist, but they are both as good as usual. As far as I'm concerned, these two horror goddesses could have been filmed, perhaps by reading the phone director, and I'm sure he would have done something out of it - or man is an icon of the Horror genre, and seeing them together is treated for every fan of the genre. By the way, this is one of the few films, if not the only one, in which it is obvious that Lugosi was actually higher than Karloff. Frances Drake makes a very good woman in her beautiful young Rukh's role. The rest of the shows are also good, if not worth mentioning in particular. Apart from the casting of Karloff and Lugosi, the greatest movie qualities are probably the atmosphere due to extraordinary settings and photos, as well as a great cheesy and extremely fun story. My main complaint is that I wanted more time for Lugosi and his role to be of greater importance. He's fantastic as always, but his role could have been bigger and more sinister. Otherwise, "The Ray Invisible" is a wonderful fun movie that should please any loved one of the classic Horror / Sci-Fi cinema and a must-see for my fellow comrades at Lugosi / Karloff.
