Ned Kelly's story has been defeated in myth and exaggerated for a while, and this film is no exception. What gives Ned Kelly a permanent place in history is the effort he puts in to even prevent policemen from hunting him. During several battles, he stepped out, wearing beaten iron plates, from which the bullets available to the police at that time would be harmless. Indeed, just because there were some sparkling sparks among Victorian policemen who noticed he did not cover his feet that he was captured and hung. The story has been told in schools and in the history of Austria for as long as some permutations of the story have become, ironically, boring. The more the stories try to portray Kelly as an inhuman or supernumerary monster, the fewer people are careful. Where is this adaptation of our Sunshine, a novel about Kelly's legend, excels. Rather than trying to portray a Ned Kelly, which is just as silly as the armor he wore, the film quickly sets him up as a human being. Indeed, the reversal of the popular legend, showing victorious police corruption and the indisputable situation of colonists, goes a long way to making this film come out of the crowd. Here, Ned Kelly is simply a human being who lives in a time and a place where, to be condemned for murder, he must simply be the closest person to the corpse when a cop found it. No, I do not. The only area where the film erupts is the exaggeration of the Irish-English mentality of battles. While Kelly was distinctly Irish, Australia has long been a place where diverse peoples have mixed up almost without problems (a scene with some Chinese migrants emphasizes this). Heath Ledger does an amazing job of impersonating Australia's most notorious official. Just because of the fame he found in other films, the public is aware that they are watching Ledger and not Kelly himself. Orlando Bloom has finally found a role in which he does not seem completely lost without his bow, and the appearance of Geoffrey Rush as leader of the Glenrowan police contingent indicates why he is one of the most respected actors in that little deserted island state. But it's Naomi Watts, who appears as Julia Cook, who has a little deal in this movie. Although the film basically implies that Cook was essentially the woman in Ned Kelly's life, but you would not have known that from the minimal time of the screen that he received here. Indeed, a hundred and ten minutes of the film feels more frozen than exploratory. Once the element of police corruption is set, in fact, the movie rockets along so quickly, sometimes that it almost feels urgent. Unfortunately, most of the movie's strengths are not capitalized. Rush just gets more time on the screen than his name makes in the opening and closing credits. That's for Watts, and the rest of the piece is a little like the mannequin. I can only conclude that another fifteen or even thirty minutes of film could have solved this problem. But this leads to another problem in the sense that the lack of any depth or background for other characters than the title hero leaves the events in the zero impact story. A scene does a good job of talking, but unfortunately everything becomes a collage of unrelated moments after a while. If anyone thinks the impression this film is creating, a period of weeks, even days, passes between Ned Kelly becoming a wanted man in connection with a corrupt policeman and the Glenrowan infantry. Annoyingly, the process and execution of Ned Kelly is not even described here, simply mentioned in subtitles before the release of credits. That said, apart from some roomy things in the room, Ned Kelly manages to describe some interesting fireworks and has a good start. For this reason, I've rated them seven out of ten. Other critics have not been so kind, so if you are not impressed with unusual elements of shooting (and which might be more unusual than the armor of the whole body in a colonial shootout), then it would be better to look into other side. Especially if you want a more real account of Ned Kelly's life.
