Okay, note the people who put together these horror legends that act DVD collections: I'm really grateful and I really support the initiative, but? have you even seen the movies before selecting them as part of the collection? When I bought the Boris Karloff collection, there were some films in which the star played only a supporting and non-essential role ("The Tower of London", "The Strange Door"). "Ray invisible", however, is part of the Bela Lugosi collection and here is actually Boris Karloff who shines Bela! This would have been a very good title for the Boris Karloff collection! Bela Lugosi's character is probably the best and most serious one he ever played in his entire career, and the old old man Karloff actually plays the crazy and dangerously obsessed scientist here. "Ray invisible" has three main chapters. The first, set in the Carpathian castle of Dr. Janus Rukh, is pretty boring and requires a lot of patience for the spectator, but of course the character drawings and the subject discussed here are fundamental to the rest of the film. Dr. Rukh (Karloff) demonstrates to some eminent colleagues (including Bela Lugosi as Dr. Benet) how he captured alien rays inside an automatically manufactured device. Scientists are frankly impressed by his work and invite Rukh and his beautiful wife Diane together for an expedition in the heart of Africa. There, Dr. Rukh isolates himself from the group, discovers the essential element "Radium X" to complete his medical radius and goes completely after being overexposed to the meteorite himself. The third and final act is obviously the best and most dreadful, as it revolves around an old-fashioned killing snake with ingenious gimmicks (melting statues) and a surprising climax. Karloff shines in the dark, and convincing others to steal their discovery and even life, intends to eliminate them using the deadly touch. The narrative structure of "invisible Ray" seems rather complicated, but the movie is easy to watch and entertain. The story is quite prolonged, yet convincing, and director Lambert Hillyer offers more moments of suspense. Boris Karloff is really fantastic, and so is Lugosi, although he deserves to have less time on the screen. Their scenes together are the most important moments of the film, along with the funky images of the brilliant Boris.
