Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi have made many films together, but generally (quite interesting), Karloff is usually the best of the two. Real exception is "Black Cat" (1934), where Karloff plays the evil head of a devil worship and Lugosi seeks revenge because it destroys life. But the most common is "Black Friday" where (for whatever reason it), Karloff trying to improve brain surgery, while Lugosi is a killer murder. In "The Raven," Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon who blacks out Karloff to help his evil plans until Karloff finally gets enough. There are rarely both negative characters totally. In The Body Snatcher, Karloff kills Lugosi, but Lugosi tries to blackmail him. The only exception, both are very nice, but cross purposes to each other, is the 1936 film, which rarely feel that I accept them for some other movies that I mentioned. Dr. Janos Rukh's hard Karloff is a scientific genius led by "official scientific community" for the theory that a rare Radium is in Nigeria on a meteorite that landed centuries ago. He won the support of a well-funded expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beulah Bondi) and has another scientist, a Frenchman named Dr. Felix Benet (Lugosi), the young wife of Rukh Diane (Frances Drake) and a friend and protector of Stevense named Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). Before leaving, Rukh is warned by his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) that he can seek wisdom, he should not and can end in tragedy. He is trying to reject this, but he is worried about what he says, his scientific stance, and whether he wants or does not want to get his credit. What he receives is a disaster. He finds the substance, but is infected by its remarkable radioactivity. He discovers that he burns slowly, and if he tries to touch people or animals, they die. In fact, he built a friendship or deal with Benet, who shows a type of radioactive cocktail for Rukh to counter their danger. But there are two things that are unbeatable here. The antidote may take only a certain amount of time and must be completed. And radioactivity affected Rukh's brain. He is increasingly jealous to his friendship Diane Ronald (encouraged unfortunately Sir Francis and Lady Arabella) and is equally upset that (because they must claim that he died - the effects of radioactivity are so ) Benet and a few others collect the kudos of miracles that "Radium X" offers to man. Soon, Rukh is in a murderous murder that destroys many lives, ending with his own film. The film certainly took science to some extent. Mrs. Curie recently died of the cancer he had worked with Radium. Few have fully understood the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but an idea of ​​that has come out. Rukh's murder wounds newspapers to talk about a "curse" on the expedition. Of course, with the idea of ​​a "cursed" expedition (on the continent of Africa) for a buried treasure buried centuries ago, funded by an English-born, I entered archeology, not physics or geology (Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon paging). <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to solve the cause of the death row and returns to an idea that was actually demolished in 1888 in England. During the Whitechapel murders, Sir Charles Warren ordered the photos for the retrievals of several dead victims to see if the last image on the retina is Jack Ripper. It turned out he only got the photographs of the retinue of the dead prostitutes. But the idea did not die. Jules Verne used it in his novel "Kip Brothers" in 1899, and here he uses Dr. Benet. Because this is a science fiction story, he finds Rukh's image on the plate, but Benet pickets the board accidentally and breaks. The film is good for many reasons, most interesting because a change of Karloff and Lugosi is not insensitive to each other. There is a kind of tragic fatalism in this story, which is missing from their other films. The other shows are good, especially Mrs. Kemble Cooper. He is best remembered as his frightening sister by Basil Rathbone (Jane Murdstone) of "David Copperfield." Here, her final act is the only way to bring this tragedy to an end and who can say she did not hurt her more than her target.
