There is no doubt that in the 1930s, Boris Karloff's and Bela Lugosi's names have become a surety guarantee of excellent performances in high-quality horror films. After being Universal's first "monster" in the classical classic "Dracula," Bela Lugosi became the chintesencial villain because of his elegant style and his foreign accent (unfortunately, this latter factor would have caused him to be typified in the ' 40). In the same way, Boris Karloff's performance in James Whale's "Frankenstein" film turns him into a man to look for when he wants a good monster. Of course, it was normal for these icons to share with the screen, and the movie that united them was "The Black Cat" in 1934. This formula will repeat itself in several films over the decade, and the horror movie mix and science fiction director Lambert Hillyer, "The Ray invisible," is another classic that they did in those years. "Invisible Ray," Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who invented a device capable of showing scenes of our planet's past captured in light rays from the Andromeda galaxy. While showing the invention of his colleagues, Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford) discover that a few thousand years ago, a meteorite struck in what is now Nigeria. After this wonderful breakthrough, Dr. Rukh decides to join his colleagues on an expedition in Africa, seeking the landing place of the mysterious meteorite. This expedition will not be beneficial for Rukh, as during his expedition, his wife Diane (Frances Drake) will fall in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), an expert hunter brought by Stevens to help out on the expedition. However, Rukh will lose more than his wife on that journey because he will be changed forever after being exposed to the invisible ray of the meteor. Written by John Colton (who previously wrote the script for "The Werewolf in London"), "The Ray invisible" is rooted in an original SF story by Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. Since it was a film with Karloff and Lugosi, Colton puts a special emphasis on the horror of his story, playing very efficiently with the crazy archetype of scientists and adding a good dose of melodrama to refresh things. An element that makes "invisible Ray" stand out among other horror films of that era, is how Colton plays with morality through the story. I mean, there are not exactly classical heroes and villains, but decision-makers who later face the consequences of these choices. In many ways, "Invisible Ray" is a modern tragedy about obsession, guilt and revenge. An experienced B-movie director with low budget, director Lambert Hillyer had the chance to make 3 movies for Universal Pictures when the legendary studio faced serious financial problems. Due to his limited work experience, Hillyer's films have always been very good despite budget constraints, and "The Ray Invisible" was no exception. While not close to the elegant Gothic atmosphere of universal horror films, Hillyer's film essentially captures the essence of Colton's screenplay because it gives this film a dark and morbid atmosphere, more in tune with cellulose novels than with simple scifs. Finally, a word about the use of special effects by Hillyer must be said: For a movie with an extremely low budget, they look much better than those in several A movies of the era. a film with Lugosi and Karloff, the performances of this legend are of extraordinary quality. As the protagonist of the film, Boris Karloff is simply perfect in portraying a man so dazzled by his devotion to his work, who fails to see the evil he unleashes. As a colleague, Dr. Benet, Bela Luogis is simply a joy to look, to steal every scene and to show which actor has been undervalued. As Rukh's wife, Frances Drake is extremely effective, really helping her become more than a distressed girl. However, two of the most important moments of the film are Kemble Cooper's performances as Mother Rukh and Beulah Bondi in the role of Lady Arabella, while the two actresses take full advantage of the time on the screen, making an unforgettable role. Frank Lawton is also good in his role, but nothing surprising compared to the cast cast. If you judge this movie according to today's standards, it's very easy to reject it as a cheap science fiction movie with bad bad effects and neglected pseudoscience. However, it would be a mistake because, despite its low budget, it is remarkably well done for its time. Moreover, considering that the film was being made when it was about to begin the nuclear era and that radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, the ideas about the dangers of radioactivity are terrifying. One final thing worth noting is the interesting way in which the script deals with the relationships between the characters, especially the friendship and rivalry that exists between dr. Rukh obsessed and the cold Dr. Benet, as this allows extraordinary scenes between the two iconic actors. <br /> <br /> While nowhere near the Gothic expressionism of Frankenstein movies or the elegant suspense of Black Leather, Lambert Hillyer's "The Invisible Ray" is certainly a classic minor in the Universal Pictures catalog of horror movies. With one of the most exciting 30-year horror scenes, this blend of suspense, horror, and science fiction is a heavily undervalued gem that now offers a good dose of fun to two of the most amazing actors that genre Horror has ever had them: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
