Karloff and Lugosi - Together! This is one of those movies that casual fans will pass and they will not appreciate so much. It's not a horror movie like the two previous duo hits, The Black Cat and The Raven. But he is very worthy of the talent of the two and is a fun movie when he is visited. Ray Invisible was directed by Lambert Hillyer, a director who made mainly westerns, but curious in these final days of Laemmles' reign to Universal, found himself, and the final horror film of Laemmles, daughter of Dracula. Both are clear, clean fantasies that are very light in terms of horror content, despite fantastic elements. Just as Lugosi has become wild in The Raven, much is needed to say about Karloff's harness in The Ray invisible. The only aspect of the story that is particularly unsatisfactory is that Karloff's character Rukh behaves so crazy before being poisoned by Radium X that there really is not much change once he starts to shine. This is very similar to the people's complaint about Jack Nicholson in The Shining - He is actually a wax right from the start. There is no real transformation. So do I. Halfway, Karloff simply has an additional purpose of revenge in his mind. But I enjoyed his performance, however, as I did Lugosi's antics in The Raven. Meanwhile, Lugosi surprises you fully and gives a small and careful turn as Rukh's rival in science, Dr. Benet. Lugosi also has some of the best lines in the film, including a memorable warning for the police trying to catch Rukh, about which they are in line with horror film writer John Soister on "And if he ( Rukh) touches anyone? " the inspector asks. Lugosi answers out loud, in a way that only Lugosi could offer: "They die." Just as Lugosi could be so far away, he could also be more perfect than any actor. This is one of those moments. Therefore, the interactions between Karloff and Lugosi are very good as we get to Karloff's crazy ancient, which opposes Lugosi's cool logic. Karloff would continue to play several times scientists as scientists, as he wished, that Lugosi would have come to play more righteous roles like this one. He only had one chance (Ninotchka). Ray Invisible is a fun movie and a real live experience for true Karloff and Lugosi fans. It's one of those movies that improves for each viewing, not because it's a masterpiece, but for the charisma and talent of its stars, and how this story complements the darker and worst pairs they have had. The special effects by John Fulton, always innovative, are terrible, and the actors who support them are all right. Frances Drake looks as beautiful as Mad Love and plays a strong woman, something rare found in classic horror movies. The scene eventually, when Karloff crosses her and does not yell, is one of the most haunting moments in the movie. An extraordinary and fun movie!
