I'm sure not many people from outside Australia have ever heard of Ned Kelly's legend. I once saw a documentary about a man, but it's the only time I've seen or heard anything about him. And I think this could be the biggest problem that this movie will have to face. Nobody knows anything about it and probably not many people will take care of this. The film tells the story of Ned Kelly's life. The Irish immigrant has lived all his life in northwest Victoria, but has never been very welcomed by the authorities. Police always accuse him of everything he can think of and continue to harass his family. When Kelly is nourished by the way everything goes, he forms a band with his brother and two other men. They start robbing banks and even hijacking a city for three days. All these violence leads to a police hunt, and when they kill three policemen, they are illegal. Eventually, they take a pub in Glenrowan, where they have a party with all the visitors, waiting for a train full of police to derail part of the runway they broke. But the train is able to stop in time, because someone warns them and what will follow is a battle over life and death between the police and the four warriors ... It is very difficult to say if all that is shown in the film is true or false. I think no one really knows, because there will always be two camps that will tell each one their truth: a camp says he was a hero, a kind of Robin Hood, the others would say he's a common criminal, a killer and a thief. I really could not tell you which one is right, maybe they are both, but what I can tell you is that the movie facts and the documentary were pretty much the same. <br /> <br /> The film was a nice addition to the documentary I once saw and I really enjoyed the performance of all the actors. Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, Geoffrey Rush are pretty well-known actors, but even the less well-known actors show in this production that everyone knows how they should look how they should look good. I liked this movie very much and gave it 7.5 / 10
