After borrowing this movie from the local library a few weeks ago, intending to see this at first or a few days after Memorial Day, I finally got to see Sayonara this morning. In this film, Marlon Brando interprets "Lloyd", "Ace" Gruver, the son of the general who was raised in a certain way, being transferred from Korea to Japan, where Eileen Webster's friend (Patricia Owens) is conveniently located. Before leaving, he tries to convince one of his men, a Joe Kelly (Red Buttons), to marry the Japanese woman Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki), as this is a violation of the military fraternization laws. With his romanticism and Eileen, however, Ace is not only becoming the best man in Joe and Katsumi's wedding, but falls for an Asian himself after he and Captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) go out and look head artist Hana-ogi (Miiko Taka) on stage. Bailey himself meets with one of the dancers, Fumiko-San (Reiko Kuba). Eileen seems to have a fantasy for one of Kabuki's performers, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I will stop right here and say that it was an extremely convincing drama about the prejudices about American-Asian Romanticism that was very moving from start to finish. Even seeing that the Hispanic Montalban plays an Oriental role is not too embarrassing (although it is a good thing that his part is short). And there are some wonderful humorous blows, like Brando's head, which hit more than once the top of Button and Umeki's door. Red and Miyoshi deserve Oscars themselves, especially red, with defiant and proud emotions throughout their lives. Rookie Garner, before starring in his legendary role on "Marverick," is well in his scenes with Brando and Miiko Taka shows a great restraint in his initial characterization as anti-American. While I read that there have been some changes from James Michener's novel, I can not imagine director Josh Logan, who previously adopted another Michener work in Broadway's "South Pacific" music, and eventually , remaining at the original source. He has certainly provided inspiration for the final scenes that made the previous tragedy of the heart in the film a plot of plot something necessary. Some of the production numbers would have made the film a little longer, but otherwise, Sayonara was a wonderful educational experience about the 50s who passed into America and Japan.
