There are some films that leave me feeling like he did Gregor Jordan's "Ned Kelly" movie. Initially, I only heard half-hearted recommendations and decided to see her alone. Since then, I've got both the video and the soundtrack and I have to say that after several views, I'm still very impressed with the underlying nature of this movie. It's also great to see something Australian! I appreciate my earthly quality, that if you ask me it's a rarity, and the lack of stickyness that moves away from so many movies. This movie proves that you do not necessarily need fancy costumes and a glamorous set that absorbs millions of dollars to make a point. Distribution was a bonus, including a variety of acquaintances, and might add good people who have done well to sneak into the role of such unique characters. It's interesting to note that much of the criticism about this movie was about who played what and how they just said so many lines. However, if a criticism is desired, it should be constructive to focus on the exclusion of a series of basic elements of the original events. In fact, they worked to make the mark in Australian history. For example, in a more detailed review, it can be seen that there was much, much more to the relationship between Joe Byrne and Aaron Sheritt, and that it was in fact responsible for many other end results for the band than they were explored in the movie. It has also been neglected that not only Aaron Sheritt's efforts, which have given Victorian police their vision of the ongoing mystery. Yes, this is their interpretation of the story and it is understandable that true stories require sensationalism and sometimes change the original plot to attract the attention of viewers. I think that in this case, this is the only limitation. However, I can accept that historical precision is only of importance to those who have a particular interest in the realistic events behind a situation. It surely inspires me to look more closely. So, watch and decide for yourself. You may not like it at all, that's your opinion, and that's good. Maybe it's a film that is largely aimed at an Australian audience? For me, I would say fresh air blowing!
