James Michener's books that have readers in distant places with strange names were probably the most popular in the 1940s and 1950s. His South Pacific storyline became a hit on Broadway for Rodgers & Hammerstein. South Pacific was directed by Joshua Logan and it was a natural thing to make the adaptation of the film another success Michener, Sayonara. It was only a decade before the American films during the Second World War portrayed the Japanese gently. I'm sure it was not easy for people who fought the Pacific War to change their attitude overnight. This and a general policy of fraternizing the occupied peoples in general are not at the heart of this story of interracial love. Sayonara is a relevant movie today. The army has always entered the personal life of its staff in ways that no civilian employer could legally escape. In America, when Sayonara was made, in many states there were miscegenic laws on books. Today homosexuals in the army are a big problem. Someone can one day make a film about Sayonara on the subject. Joshua Logan was on a familiar ground. South Pacific also had racism as a component of its plot. With a safe hand, Logan gathered an extraordinary piece and made a beautiful story. Marlon Brando, Patricia Owens, James Garner, Kent Smith, some of the Western players do a good job. But the image is stolen by the orientals here. Miko Taka hits the beautiful sign as Brando's lover. But the real stars are the two of us supporting both Oscars, red buttons and Miyoshi Umeki. Buttons are members of Air Force personnel. He falls in love with Katsumi passion played by Miyoshi Umeki. They get married and military soldiers are doing everything they can to destroy them. They suppose to know what is best for Buttons and Umeki. Buttons was a TV comedian and a fair talent, but he never had as good a part as in the rest of his career. Miyoshi Umeki's Oscar was first given to an Oriental. He received great attention because during the Academy Awards, Miyoshi played Broadway on Song Flower Drum. I was privileged to see Broadway, it was the first Broadway show I've ever seen. I still remember that. The Oscar symbolized something else. Our war with Japan ended and we saw in Sayonara a great nation with a proud tradition and culture. Ricardo Montalban plays Nakamura, a Kabuki theater actor. If Sayonara had been made today, Logan would never escape her. But Montalban is fine. <br /> <br /> Good location photo and a great story. This movie should be revived more often, it has a great moral.
