Due to reading the wrong reviews and telling friends that they do not realize how bad it was, I did not go to see this movie at the cinema. After I saw her on DVD, I have to say I'm sorry now. I'm not saying it's brilliant, but I'm in love with saying it's a good movie. I liked. People have thicker skulls than Ned's helmet if they're going to see a movie like this and expect it to be a documentary. If you read the real history behind most of the films based on historical figures, there is usually a huge difference between this fact and the fictional portrait. I do not think that Ganghis Kahn was ever portrayed as close as reality. What kind of man Ned Kelly actually was a matter of debate and seems quite passionate. Despite the efforts of governments and historians, Ned Kelly has become a legend. Legends are stories, and stories tell so much about those who say and listen to them, as they do about the real figure themselves. Ned Kelly has become such a popular identity because it is that aspect of Australian culture that does not trust and does not accept authority. A society in which there is no disagreement or challenge to authority is more crazy and more dangerous than any bushranger. So, I did not expect this to be an exact recreation of the historic Kelly gang, I found it surprisingly untiring and refreshing. It was sentimental and romantic, but fortunately, not wherever it would have been, as it might have been; for my Australian colleagues, watch "The Lighthorseman" and you'll see what I mean (it's a pity how the story was treated so badly). Perhaps the love affair might have been left for a little more detailed in other areas, such as the shooting of troops. Ironically, in fact, I enjoyed the film because of that, because that would be the details that most of Ned's story would focus on. And they are the details of the story that are best discovered by reading the different points of view given by various historians. This film has always been difficult, making a compromise to appeal to a global cinema market (to pay pills) and legend, as Australians mean; maybe a little of Ned's spirit is in this movie because I think he rebelled against people's expectations and unfortunately missed both goals. Fortunately, it made for a nice movie a movie. For me it was an unexpected film about Ned and that's why I liked it. Orlando Bloom's performance has done a lot for the film - he really added something. I think he would have enjoyed being a monster instead of a good elf for a change. When considering other movies that are far worse than this, your view of this movie should be reconsidered. Send me this on DVD for Christmas, rather than Croc Dundee or The Man From Snowy River anytime.
