It must have been a few years after he was released, so I do not know why he was in the movies. But, like a child, I liked it. I just found a VHS of Superman and Mole Men on the flea market and I decided to look at it again (it was a lot of years). I did not expect too much, knowing now how the B movies were made at that moment. But I was pleasantly surprised to find the movie very visible and acting on all the outstanding ones. The current average in such films leaves much to be desired. Surprisingly, the writing was not bad either. Forget about the fact that Superman went from sequence to sequence and could have kicked off at first, because then the story would be over, did not it ?! Okay, men's outfits were hockey and not very scary (not even scaring me like a baby). However, making budget allocations probably low for backgrounds and costumes, it was a job well done by all. I recognized the sheriff immediately as The Old Ranger of Death Valley Days and a lot of supporting roles in Westerns TV. J. Farrell MacDonald has played the old pop and has always been a great supporting actor in more films than they can count on. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were familiar faces from other films. Did you recognize the old doctor as the captain of the ship that went to bring King Kong? Did you recognize the little girl who rolled the ball with dead men like Lisbeth Searcy in Old Yeller? Some of the people of the mills were also famous. Jerry Maren starred McCheese Mayor for McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, was Munchkin who handed Dorothy lollipop, was in an episode of Seifeld and a lot of other papers. Billy Curtis played an unforgettable party with Clint Eastwood in High Plains Drifter, was one of Steaua's friends in Incredible Man Shrinking Man, had a movie that we just grabbed on a flea market titled My Gal Sal with Rita Hayworth, Wizard of Oz and a lot of other parties - great actor. John Brambury was also a Munchkin. Phillis Coates, who starred in Lois Lane, was undoubtedly wonderful in that part and George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent WAS Superman. He did a great job of playing the strong man. The background to everything I've said is that this movie deserves to be watched for distribution and writing in approaching a pretty thin idea for a movie. But it was in the 1950s, and everything was possible from intruders from outer space to those in the inner space. It is certainly worth seeing, there is no evil actor in the group. Who put the song together was very, very fortunate to get so many talented actors into a B movie. Some had a rich experience, and some would have a rich experience - but they were all gifted. So if you have the chance to see the movie, forget the dopey outfits and enjoy the excitement and acting. Is that a bird? Is it a plane? No, just a good, old-fashioned movie to enjoy!
