Following Watergate, a series of conspiracy films such as this, written by Adam Kennedy (based on his novel), appeared. Gene Hackman plays ex-veteran of Vietnam "Roy Tucker," a loser who injured in jail. He receives visits from Marvin Tagge (Richard Widmark), who claims to be an organization meant to help people wrongfully convicted. He gives him freedom and, despite Tagge's mistrust, he accepts. But he brought together a cell compatriot named Spiventa (Mickey Rooney). Exactly why it's hard to see because Spiventa is a little irritating man who leads Tucker crazy with persistent talk about sex, not about what you want to hear when you're behind the bars. Tagge's benefactors kill Spiventa in front of Tucker's astonished eyes. Rejoice with wife Ellie (Candice Bergen) and give a new identity (weird, do not try to change her appearance, throwing the brown mustache, it would have been a start), set down but find out that there is a catch - Tagge wants Tucker to do nothing but assassinate the President of the United States. He refuses, so Tagge kidnaps Ellie ... I'll leave the synopsis here, but I'm sure you can guess the rest for yourself. The script has enough plot holes to make you want to read the book (a very good trick!). The people Tagge represent are never revealed. The implications of the killing of J.F.K are unmistakable. Despite the findings of The Warren Commission, doubts as to whether Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone persists to this day. This was Stanley Kramer's first film for years and, while no turkey, says John Frankenheimer "The Manchurian Candidate" or Alan J.Pakula, "The Parallax View". Being a conspiracy film on the left, he tends to get dressed around his subject instead of dealing with him. I prefer right on the right - they are more fun! "Domino" has the appearance of doing-for-T.V. the movie and boasts of what must be the easiest escape from prison in the history of the movie, not to mention a final that was hit by Michael Caine's classic "Get Carter". What makes him traced is Gene Hackman and Richard Widmark. The latter, who died unfortunately at the beginning of this year, is gorgeous as the mysterious Tagge, who initially seems to be behind the operation, even though he is ruthlessly eliminated, starting a chain of deaths to eliminate all traces of evidence as one one by one the authors of this evil plot collapse - just like the dominoes. As Tucker, the innocent pawn, Hackman is awesome. You have to ask why he chose to hide in a place so obvious. In his shoes, I would have fled to the other side of the world, anywhere, to get rid of these fanatics. Hackman's and Bergen's love scenes slow down the plot, and it's almost easy to pull off. The producers have probably thought about it, which explains why it opens with a bizarre prologue that specifies the whole premise of the film - expressed by the British actor Patrick Allen - warning the public that "they" are there and that "they" . Comedian Les Dawson later falsified this opening in B.B.C. shows "The Watch Dawson". Mickey Rooney worked earlier with Kramer on "It's A Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World." His "death" scene resembles an exit from that image, and the actor looked as if he had been killed by a wasp rather than shot dead. Conspiracy films were made only by the left, but now the right is to enter the act as well. Last year, "taking liberties," an absurd mixture of lies and half-truths about Tony Blair's government turned out to be the British answer to "Reefer Madness." At least, "Domino" had wonderful Candice Bergen. Chris Atkins' best film could be offered by Anne Widdecombe! Surprisingly, the "Domino Principle" was made by Sir Lew Grade, the legendary British television mogul behind the "Saint," "Jesus of Nazareth," and "The Muppet Show." He worked with Adam Kennedy in 1980 to "Raise the Titanic!", Whose failure was so great that he sank Grade's ambitions to be the new Louis B.Meyer. Being somewhat open, I would not rule out the possibility of a conspiracy.
