I noticed this on HBO or Showtime or Cinemax during a summer summers in the mid-90s that my parents subscribed to these channels. I have encountered it several times in different parts and I have always found dark, bizarre and fascinating. I was young then, at my early adolescence; and years later, after discovering the great Arliss Howard and running away from "Big Bad Love," I bought the DVD "Wilder Napalm" and followed them for the first time with my girlfriend for many years . I liked it absolutely! I was very impressed and affected by this. There are so many dynamic complexities of fluid and intelligence in camera movements and cinema; all this perfect gel with intelligent, intense and immediate chemistry between the three leads, their story, the music and all the other actors as well. It's really "Cinematic". I like the subtle intensity of Arliss Howard, ambivalent power and hidden intelligence, I am a great fan of whatever he does; and the interaction with Debra Winger's maniacal maniac (these are, of course, married) has that charming magic reality that crosses the room. (I wonder if they look at the wedding anniversaries? ....... "Big Bad Love" should be the next stop for anyone who has not seen it, it's shining.) And, Dennis Quaid in make-up by clown, shocked, inclined, hidden and displayed by the selection of the shot and full blooming delivery is the magic of pure magic dark magic you do not see very often. Quaid always had a sinister quality for him for me anyway, with that huge mouth of his mouth cut off, hiding behind his eyes, waiting to unleash himself as a naughty charm or a diabolical weirdness (here as both). Both Howard and Quaid have the crazy fire behind their eyes to bring out their wonderful inner gunshot glow in a dark manner. In fact, the whole film has a cold and intense intensity of the hip. It's really a fantastic film, made up of intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry by all the parties involved. I really can not imagine how this was financed, and it seems to me quite expensive, with a conventional system without imagination, but thank God's films for this system of sliding through the system from time to time. In a wonderful way, with all the shining carnival colors, hip wit, dark dark humor and fascinating chemistry reminds me of one of my favorite movies of all time: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ....... this is a compliment in my book!
