At the top of 2007 Big Brother Celebrity (involving Shilpa Shetty and the young Jade Goody), I condemned a "CBS" fans who appreciated the show after years of "racist" sitcoms of the '70s, such as' Curry & Chips' and' Love Thy Neighbor '. I thought they were hypocrites and he said that. "It's not half hot mother" was then thrown into argument, with some pointing out that she played a black-actor English actor. Yeah, but Michael Bates lived in India as a boy and fluently spoke Urdu. The show's derailers have a look at the reality she brought to her performance as a bearer of "Rangi Ram". Actor Renu Setna, known for his Indian role, said in a 1995 documentary, "Perry & Croft: The Sitcoms," that he was upset when he heard that Bates had fulfilled his role, but added: "No Indian actor could not have played that Bates role. " Really. <br /> <br /> "Mother" was Perry and the accompanying Croft show at "Father's Army"; also settled during the war, the English sedimentary Walmington-On-Sea was replaced by the hot and steep jungles of India, especially in a place called Deolali, where an army concert puts troops on shows, including Bombadier Solomons (George Layton, his first role in Doctor In Charge), Gunner Gloria Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), Gunner Lofty Sugden, Gunner Parkins, Lah de-dah Gunner Graham (end of Christopher Mitchell) . The presidency of this group of criminals was Sergeant-Major Warrior Williams (brilliant Windsor Davies), who considered them all as "poets." His frustration not to lead people to the jungle to hunt the enemy in battle made him bitter and aggressive (though he was cute with Parkins, whom he thought was his illegitimate son!). Then there was always English Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles). Rangi was like an old wise wise, starting every show, talking to the room and closing him quoting hazy dark proverbs. He loved the bearer so much that he came to regard himself as being essentially British. His friends were Charul Walla (late Dino Shafeek, who went to "Mind Your Language") and the rope that drew Punka Wallah (Babar Bhatti). So the real Indians were present in the show - another point that detractors ignore. Shafeek also offered what was described on credits as "voice interruptions" (similar to the 1940s used as incidental music on the "Father's Army"). Each edition was closed with him, fighting "Land Of Hope & Glory" just to be silenced by a "Shut Up!" from Williams. The excellent opening theme was written by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. Although not even equal to "father's army" in public affairs, "mother" was still quite popular for a total of eight seasons. In 1975, Davies and Estelle set up the charts with a covered version of that old Chestnut Whispering Grass. Then they recorded an entire album of old chestnuts, titled (what else?) "Sing Lofty!". The show hit the point of crisis three years later when Bates died of cancer. Instead of transforming Rangi's role, the writers let him be quietly forgotten. When George Layton left, the character "Gloria" took his place as "Bombadier", providing another source of comedy. The last edition of 1981 saw the soldiers leave India with the Blighty Boat, Char Wallah watching them go with great sadness (like spectators). Repetitions were few and far between (mainly the UK) because of its so-called "dodgy" reputation. Is strange. First, the show did not explicitly refer to racism. If a black man is so wrong, why is David Lean's 1984 film, "A passage in India," is still on TV? (he introduced Alec Guinness as an Indian and won two Oscars!). It was derived from Jimmy Perry's experiences. Some characters relied on real people (the big sergeant referred to his men as "poets"). I think if you're going to put history on TV, do it right. Sanitizing the past, no matter how unpleasant the modern public would seem, is fundamentally dishonest. "Mom" was both amusing and true, and viewers saw this. Thank heaven for what D.V.D. It is time to stop this examination. As Williams said: "I will have no gossip in this jungle!"
