This wartime sitcom written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote Dads Army's best television program, was not as good as the Dads Army, but still very, very funny. It's a concert band India. Most episodes were related to the fact that BSM Williams (Windsor Davies) tried to get the concert party, which was about a bubble bubble, posted the jungle. He has always been unsuccessful because vague Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) were great fans of the concert. The concert consisted of Bombadier Solomans (George Layton), Ginger Rogers, Gunner Glorner Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), Gunner Graham, educated by pianist Gunner La de da, singer Gunner "Lofty" Sugden, Gunner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell ) (Williams thought Parkinson was his son, he was quite wrong), great gunslinger Gunner "Nosher" Evans and animal impersonator (Kenneth MacDonald), he was not Percy Edwards. Also, loyal actors Rangi Ram (Michael Bates), with Char-Wallah and punkah-wallah (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti), have offered great support to Ram. <br /> <br /> The show, like the dad's army, has left many catch phrases. Rangi Ram used to tell Punkah Wallah: "Do not be so cute" and ended up a lot of shows saying: "Here is an old Hindu proverb, for example, When the wife has an affair with my best friend, it stops your house from catching fire. "It was Williams, however, who had the most words to catch. He would always shout "Shuddup !!!!!" says, "Oh, dear, how sad, it does not matter," and when he talks to Gunner Graham, he will always speak with sarcasm in a full accent. <br /> <br /> The show does not enjoy the same recognition as the lady's army. This is probably due to a taste issue: this is seen as gross. Williams is homophobic, calling him "boys" to men, though Williams must be said to be boring. Also, some people think there is a racial element in humor, using Michael Bates to be blacked out to play Rangi Ram (Bates was actually born in India, although he spoke with Urdu before speaking English), so The BBC will feel a bit unhappy by putting it on, even though the vast majority of those who actually watched the show would agree that the show is not racist, I know someone who is half Indian and they were not even offended they also agreed that it was a very fun show. When I see an episode for the first time, I probably laugh more than I did for any other sitcom, but when I see it the second time, I do not laugh so much, but no matter how many times I see Dads Army, I laugh many times in an episode. Best Episode: The Road to Banu, Series 1, Episode 7
