While on a plane, going through the great selection of films, I came across Live! almost accidentally. Oh boy! what a choice. I remembered vaguely watching the trailer more than a year ago and completely forgot that it does not expect more than just another silly nonsense movie about a real reality show. Now I can easily say that this was a journey. I do not remember the last time I was so excited, terrified. I'm not sure if high altitude is playing with my senses, but the suspense gradually increases through the film until it reaches the climax you can not turn off the screen, literally sitting on the edge of the chair and biting the nails left. "You first got a moral assessment the personality of the place where it relates to the righteousness of the show. You will move from thinking "how can the human being be so vague", "why not from all?" Ask yourself if you will. competitors, their motives, and start guessing, you will then follow the competitor by pulling the trigger one by one and you will be excited even if you know the first candidate is safe, good action, good direction, with a cinematic experience that reminds you of those old movies in which you knew what would happen in the next scene, but still more was needed. Spoilers * a few things I would be I changed it: the casting of the competitors, we were really moved by the farmer and we should have felt more like him. The idea of ​​a rich writer who wants to be famous is a bit stupid, it felt as if you did not care about some of the contestants. Though this could have been done intentionally, I think the audience should have been associated with most competitors. - rules of play, a big problem: what happens if the five competitors do not die when they pull the trigger. do you seriously believe that the last man standing will pull the trigger and execute it? they should have the chance to live all the competitors, namely: if the 5th is also empty, then no one dies. Interestingly I was not disturbed too much by these bad points, it took a good time. I just want to have some popcorn with me!
