"Lion King 1 1/2" is the funniest non-theater release from Disney. I've seen this movie again after I've never seen him for years. I remember for the first time when I saw that I had no expectations and I was pleasantly surprised by this honest and very funny film. Is it better than "Simba's Pride"? In many ways, yes. Although "Simba's Pride" was not bad, he suffered some problems: lack of a good script and mis-characterization, which otherwise influenced the movie well. Anyway: It's nice to see the personalities of Timon and Pumbaa flourish again in the way we (or certainly me) loved them in this movie; in "Prida lui Simba" were completely annoying and I did not like the "Timon and Pumbaa" series either. This movie could easily have been a bad one, but fortunately the directors did not take the wrong turn and instead focused on making this movie sometimes extremely hilarious. There are some jokes that adults can do for themselves. The score is pretty good. There are two new songs that are appealing and two new characters, Timon's mother (expressed by Julie Kavner, recognized by Marge Simpsons) and Uncle Max, who are pleased. The friendship between Timon and Pumbaa is illustrated with touch. Emotional scenes are well integrated into the comic story and do not feel out of place, which they could have done easily (especially in comedies). But is there something that distracts this picture from getting 10 votes from me? Yes it is. Though, fortunately, they do not have much impact, but I will mention them: 1. Many scenes from the first film are used in this movie. Personally, it was weird to see the old integrated scenes with the new ones. <br /> <br /> 2. During the climax, some jokes become blades. <br /> <br /> 3. The story is Timon's story and, although filmmakers are trying to integrate the story with Simba, it makes the script feel a little hurry at times. But hey, these details have no impact on this funny movie. . It's the only continued Disney success that should be in every movie collection.
