Eventually, Timon and Pumbaa in their own film ... "King of the Lion 1 1/2: Hakuna Matata" is a new irreverence to take a classic story. What classic story, you ask? Why, "lion king", of course! If there is something Disney does not do, it's narcissism. But that does not mean that this is not a good movie. These are the "The Lion King" events, as Timon and Pumbaa said. And because of that, you will have to know with all your heart the story of "The Lion King" to see where they come from. Anyway, at one level, I was looking at this and I was thinking, "Oh, my God is so lame ..." and on another level I had a ball. Much of humor is predictable - that is, when Pumbaa makes two beds, one big for him and one small for Timon, in the first nanosecond we all know that Timon will take the big one. But that does not stop her from being hilarious, which, IMO, is "Hakuna Matata" in short. It's not what's going on, it is. <br /> <br /> And a warning note: there are some fart jokes. Seriously, would you expect anything else in a movie where Pumbaa is on the central stage? But as jokes go, they are particularly good and should satisfy even the most well-known connoisseur. The returning voice talent is great. I am rather surprised that some actors were willing to come back, which most have only two or three lines (if they are lucky). Whoopi Goldberg is particularly welcome. Music is also wonderful. From "Digga Tunnah" to the beginning of "That's All I Need", an adaptation of "Warthog Rhapsody" (a song that was cut from "The Lion King" and is frankly improved in this incarnation), music leaves me nothing complains of anything. Eventually, Timon and Pumbaa are great characters, and while it can be argued that "Hakuna Matata" is simply an excuse to see them in various, compromising and diverse situations then. It's rare to find characters you just want to spend time on. <br /> <br /> Did you start to call scary? In any case, "The Lion King 1 1/2" is great if you've seen "King of the Lion" too many times. Especially if you are right now thinking, "Do not be stupid, there is no way to see" King of the Lion "too many times!"
