7 if you are a child - 6 if you claim to be an adult. This semi-sequel of the lion king sees the strange characters Timone and Pumba detaching the original story through their eyes, including the story of how they met. In Disney's great tradition, there are downstairs and occasional TV shows that feature the adventures of minor characters from their biggest hits. You can be just as skeptical as you want, but children and fans of the series will probably not care; they are quite jokes and songs and interesting things to make sure that this is one of the few above mentioned sequela above average. This works because of the charm of the loved central characters, the fast rhythm of jokes involving the first film, and for larger viewers there are some funny gag. The animation is as good as ever, if it is a little flamboyant than the original one, but the plot here is about its relief, Hakuna Matata. Timone and Pumba decide to watch the events of the first film, often stopping the middle movie to joke about parts of it as a real audience. We see Timone almost disappointed, he feels he does not fit and decides to go beyond what he sees to find his ideal home. On the way he meets Pumba, another officer and becomes friends. Soon I meet Simba, a lion cub, a natural predator of T and P, but they form a trio. However, when Simba realizes that she must follow her own destiny and leave the group, it is up to others to decide whether or not to help. Of course, Disney's regular items and themes are here, friendship, good for evil, etc. The terrain is simple, but it works on several levels, making it smarter than your average animated movie. As CG films appear, Disney's traditional form has to become smarter, but let's not forget the roots that have made them popular. Toy Story and all that have come since then have been smart, joking to suit all ages, and it seems like this is how the market is changing. However, there will always be a place for movies like this, and you can not go wrong to buy this for young people. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10
