Lion King 1 1/2 is a very fun and addictive sequel. Do not expect the production values ​​of a theatrical version, but you expect the highest quality of direct video release. It is created that Timon & Pumba begins watching the original Lion King in a dark theater and suddenly changes the songs and begins to tell his own story. This is done with frequent comedy interruptions. For example, during a special tense period, a commercial home visit is triggered, and a shaken pumpkin realizes he was on the remote control. These little moments blow up the film and whether you find them fun or will not depend much on your sense of humor. If you are particularly disturbed by films that deliberately remind you that the viewer is watching a movie, it may not be a cup of tea. The animation is the best that they invested in the Disney DTV line and is integrated almost smoothly with the original material. The newer, independent material uses a lot of the artistic style of the original. The voice talents are well done, though I could not think of Marge Simpson every time I heard Julie Kavner. Many of the jokes in the film will be well recognized by the audience as being recycled over generations, but are more presented with the familiarity of comfortable quirks of old friends than annoying repetitive. The music made me realize how much I liked and missed a good musical integrated with a Disney feature. The Dig A Tunnel opener is well-choreographed and hilarious. Timon and Pumba take the succession of opening the lion king and putting them in paradise are also funny. The only problem was the resumption of the "Dig A" tunnel at the end of the film, the change of lyrics and tone from defeats to exaltation. The story line is pretty well done, and the integration of new plotting elements is almost perfect, although the last bit during the hiatus kick has stretched the credibility of the story a bit. The new story does not seem to deal well with sugar or emotionally charged moments and feels better when it comes to a full comedy. <br /> <br /> In general, worth buying. If you like all the bonus features that come with a typical set of 2 discs, then go for it. For the penny tweezer who is still willing to invest in a good move, wait until four or more dollars drop and go to rent it immediately. <br /> <br /> Damion Crowley.
