Being a fan of the first king of the leu, we definitely waited for this film, but we knew there was really no way to be as good as the original. I know that many of Disney fans are watching movies, because I have mixed feelings. As I watched The Lion King 1½, I tried to figure out what my point of view was about this movie. Will I be so devoted to the King of the Lion that I will see in certain scenes or will I accept this film as another look at the story of the lion king? Most of the time, I woke up embracing the latter. The King of the Lion 1½ certainly has his cute and fun moments. Timon and Pumbaa stole the show in the first film and definitely deserved a movie that focused around them. People just love these characters! My favorite tracks include Timon & Pumbaa's care for young Simba and the end of surprises featuring great cameos. However, I could have done no bathing jokes, the reason why everyone inclined to the Simba child at the beginning of the King of the Lion 1. I think those types of jokes are for the younger set (which, ultimately, is the target audience .) I do not think many kids are really worried about Disney's profit margin on direct-to-video videos). However, I will say that I was somewhat upset when they directly linked scenes from the original movie to this movie. I'm too familiar with the original that those scenes are just like big fingers for me. Something would be different from music or voices that might distract me. As for the music, it was not too bad, but do not expect any classic in this movie. At least LK2 had a beautiful ballad, "Love Will Find a Way". As for the voice, it was well done in this movie. Nathan Lane and Ernie Sabella have done a great job as ever, and even new casting members, classic comedic actor Jerry Stiller and Julie Kavner (best known as Marge Simpson) have done a great job. You can even enjoy these excellent voice talents by checking Virtual Safari on DVD's Disc 2. This feature is certainly a lot of fun! So, entirely, The Lion King 1½ is not a perfect movie, but it's cute and fun. I think many Lion King fans will enjoy it and appreciate it for what it is - a fun and easy capture of Lion King masterpiece from the perspective of fun friends. <br /> <br /> My IMDb Rating: 7/10. My Yahoo! Grade: B (good)
