Shining is a strange adaptation: it has very little to do with the source novel, written by Stephen King, but is widely recognized as one of the best cinematic interpretations of the horror masterpiece. This is due to two factors: Stanley Kubrick's masterful direction and Jack Nicholson's cold acting. Nicholson plays Jack Torrance, a writer who accepts to take care of Overlook Hotel in Canada during the winter, unaffected by the terrible stories around the place: he claims that a beautiful, isolated location is exactly what he needs to finish the new book. Overlook, therefore, becomes the new home of the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and Danny Lloyd, their five-year-old son. The boy particularly feels that something is wrong: Chef Dick O 'Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) has been endowed with a mysterious psychic energy, the Shining Holder, which allows people like him and Dick to see blinks of the past and future, among others. Thanks to this "gift," the forces in the hotel are immediately interested in Danny, even if he is quite capable of resisting them. But this is not the case for Jack because he becomes more and more paranoid about his wife's affections and seeks comfort in the company of what can best be defined as ghosts, triggering a chain of madness and fear that is very hard to be ashamed. <br /> <br /> Shining works like a horror movie because Kubrick, although he has never worked on this type of movie, knew exactly what was efficient and what was not, hence more focus on the atmosphere and psychological shocks than gore and creative blood baths. The King criticized the director for having changed most of the story by omitting most of Jack / Danny's subplot (just suggested in the movie) that led to the emotional climax of the book, and while disappointment it is true, the omission was actually necessary: ​​the novel dealt with redemption, although in an unconventional way, and the redemption is a theme Kubrick, one of the most famous analysts of human disintegration, has never had a weak point. What interests him is the mental and later physical imbalance that threatens the characters, and he keeps the creepy tone even due to a very cool approach and the use of the steadicam film expert (Danny's encounter with two ghost twins being the best example) . Another criticism raised by the King was related to actors, especially by Nicholson: in the writer's opinion, his smile at the beginning of the film seemed to indicate that Jack was already crazy, thus undermining the rest of the story. Now it is true that Nicholson looks a little strange at first, but it is equally true that Martin Sheen (the king's ideal choice for the role) probably would not have been able to produce such a terrifying interpretation as his Nicholson: he starts to smile in a more disturbing way than before with the immortal "Here's Johnny!" it is impossible to imagine another actor who played that part, and even if Shining's 1997 TV version is not bad, the Torrance character is linked to a single hit with "One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest." As for Duvall and Lloyd, both add a tremendous support, the latter deserving a place alongside Harvey Stephens (Damien Omen) and Haley Joel Osment as the greatest children's horror films of cinema. You may be complaining about the fact that Duvall is completely different from the book's counterpart (blonde and beautiful) and that there is nothing else but to shout and run, but two things should be considered: a) still from 1980, the queen queen t one yet; b) Seldom any actress looks so honestly on the camera, making the book-film differences as compared to the real fear that comes out of Wendy's eyes. Irvine Welsh, the author of Trainspotting, once said, is not a complete faithful adaptation of any literary work (and should know, given the freedoms that Danny Boyle took when the masterpiece was brought on stage), yet that's not it means the film is badly bad. Brightness turns out to be true: very little of the novel, about 5%, is included in the film, but in the hands of Kubrick and Nichlolson this masterclass in free kinematic translation becomes one of the most beautiful and original horror images of all time, which really says something that takes into consideration the current poor form of gender.
