Sometimes this takes The Thing as my favorite horror movie. While Carpenter's movie is the most effective and fun movie, Kubrick's film is more artistic, more challenging and perhaps more frightening. It's one of the few movies I can watch the past, and I really like it all. Are not I trying to compare it to the book? which I read only once, a few years ago, and who scared me to death? because the two do not have much in common, apart from story and character, obviously. It's almost as if Kubrick is dealing with people's love for the novel to make his movie more scary. And so it is certainly one of the most interesting adaptations of books ever made, as well as one of the greatest horror movies. What makes the movie so terrifying is not the jump of jump, not blood and gore, not the different ghosts that appear from time to time. It's the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some people complained about distributing Nicholson in this role, saying it was too obvious he would become crazy in the film given his previous roles and appearance. I disagree. Do we know he'll go crazy? because most of us have read the book ?? and Jack's appearance only supports this notion. But the way it works at first makes us really scared. He is calm, quiet, patient. Engages in an inappropriate discussion with hotel managers and even his own family. And with a wife and a son as irritating as his own, it's a little wonder he manages to do that. But once it reaches Overlook, it changes. He gets irritable, angry at the edge. The scene that always shocks me is when Wendy interrupts him to write it, and he completely misses it, telling them to "leave them alone" ***. This is the first bomb has fallen in the movie and is a shock for the system. Since then, all bets have been stopped. Another thing I love is the many interpretations present in the film. We are never sure if what we see is actually happening. Many critics have noted that, whenever Jack talks about a ghost, there is a mirror presentation, showing that he might speak to himself. But what other characters? Wendy never sees anything until the climax of the movie until he is given a tour of many ghostly inhabitants of the hotel, but he is aware that something is wrong, while Danny connects almost immediately. Is his mental powers not in question? how would anyone else know Hallorann to come to the hotel? ?? but does he ever see any of the ghosts his parents testify? Is it easy to claim that Jack is losing him, being trapped in a hotel with his family, and Wendy later doing so? seeing your husband trying to kill you with an ax will do that? But about Danny? Apparently his body is taken over by Tony, but how do we know for sure? None of these characters are trustworthy. Hallorann would probably, and he warns about the dangers of 237, but he killed as soon as he got to Overlook (a hope that Kubrick realizes by playing the hypothesis of the fans of the novel). And that shot. Has there ever been a more enigmatic end in cinema? Was Jack really there before? Or was his body just "absorbed" in the hotel? When we talk about the acting in this movie, any discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall gives one of the most annoying performances in cinematic history? probably in order to give Jack's character more than one reason to break? and Danny Lloyd is not better, but Jack is a power. Partial method, partial improvisation, he is both terrifying and appealing. For better or worse, he is the character we identify with, not the annoying child or the infuriating wife. We all want to have a hotel for us for a season, we can do everything we want. Who cares if he's haunted? Of course, technical issues are terrible. Kubrick takes a long time, strange angles and bizarre images all contribute to horror. The use of colors, mirrors, long halls and any other reason only intensifies it. And it does not even make me start on that point. I do not know if the movie would be half so scary without that electronic song that haunts. Its curiosity reflects perfectly the hotel, the mood and the whole film itself. I know the King does not like this movie, but the king's contribution to the cinema is nothing to face. It's great as a Roman writer, his scenarios are terrible, and his drive to drive is better unseen. This is not an adaptation of the very faithful book, but it must not be, and should not really be. Part of the horror of the film is that the viewer does not have the book to return; there is no soothing source material. Kubrick proudly modifies the narrative to terrorize the crowd even more. If only for this, it is one of the most innovative movies of any genre. And he has everything in addition to that.
