Shining begins with Jack Torchrance (Jack Nicholson), leading to an isolated hotel named Overlook, located in the Colorado Mountains, for an interview with his manager Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson) about becoming the winter caretaker. Ullman tells Jack that he will be responsible for the basic maintenance of the hotel, but will almost be completely isolated from the rest of the world for six months as the rough winter is installed. Together with Wendy's wife (Shelley Duvall) and young son Danny (Danny Lloyd) Jack moves to the hotel and at first everything looks good, it's a beautiful hotel, absolutely huge and all they need is at their disposal. However, Overlook Hotel has a troubled past with a previous caretaker who kills the entire family before committing suicide, and Danny has the ability to "shine", which means he has psychic powers that let him see and hear "ordinary" things, people can not. As the days, weeks and months begin to pass Jack becomes more and more crazy, Danny continues to "see" things and people as Wendy gets frenetic because she has no idea what's going on with her family, Jack finally loses ... This English production was co-written, co-produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick & is a horror movie. It seems Shining is another film that exists in two distinct different versions and the one I comment on is a shorter European cut that takes less than 2 hours in length. Kubrick & Diane Johnson's script is based on Stephen King's novel, which I have not read, so I can not compare it, it goes for psychological horror rather than visual, with only one crime throughout the movie. There are very few characters in "The Shining with Jack," "Wendy & Danny," the only thing that matters, because the film focuses on them almost exclusively to care for them, to get involved with them and what they are going through. The rhythm is somewhat slow, but this is a movie that has not felt so long and interests you all year round. On the negative side, I do not think the reason behind Jack, who was crazy and wanted to kill his family, was strong enough to convince me that Jack was out of the freezer without any explanation, and I do not know if I lost something, but this end did not make any sense, I'm still trying to find out what this is! There are very few in terms of violence or gore, some gloomy zombie ghosts and someone is killed with an ax, but The Shining is a horror film that does not have to rely on blood and special effects because it has a trap story. With a budget of about $ 19,000,000 The Shining is a flawless technique, as you would expect from an obsessive creator such as Kubrick, the cinema is brilliant with some fantastic free and smooth flowing frames as the camera watches hardly the character around the corridor labyrinth, the sets look absolutely real and instead of clichés of old haunted houses such as dark corners, foothills & spider webs, Kubrick brings things up to speed with luminous corridors, massive open expanse spaces, and a modern red toilet decoration out!). The actor is good from all involved, though, as usual in horror films, the kid is very annoying and Nicholson seems crazy from the start. The Shining is an absorbing film that I liked to forget, though I'm not sure I'll track it up again soon. For those looking for explosions and special luxury effects, you will be disappointed, for those looking for horror-like horror, with a storyline, I certainly think Shining is for you, it's worth a watch in my humble opinion.
