* Before starting this, let me say that I had both the advantages of seeing this movie on the big screen and seeing the "authorized version" of this movie, remodeled by Stephen King himself in 1997. Both of the advantages made me appreciate this version of The Shining, all the more. <br /> <br /> I say that I have read Mr. King's book "The Shining" several times over the years and while I love the book and I am a great fan of his work, Stanley Kubrick's resumption of this story is far more convincing ... and SCARY. Kubrick really knows how to transmit the psyche terror directly to the movie. In the direction of AND writing the script, he himself acquired the title "Magus" beyond the questions. Kubrick's genius is like magic. The film world lost a great director when he died in 1999. Among his other outstanding credits are: Eyes Wide Shut, 1999; Full metal Jacket, 1987; Barry Lyndon, 1975; A Clockwork Orange, 1971; 2001: A Space Odyssey, 1968; Spartacus, 1960 and many more. Torrences (Jack, Wendy's wife and Danny, their son) live in the Overlook Hotel for the winter; Jack was hired as a guard. It's his job to supervise the hotel's maintenance in a few months of heavy snow until the spring of Overlook reopens his doors. It looks like there are many rich and crazy tourists who will tour the Colorado Mountains for a snowy summer vacation. The hotel was an impressive piece of architecture and scenography. He borrowed the atmosphere, having a dark atmosphere, but at the same time "welcoming". Furniture and furnishings were all the time (late 70's - early 80's), and the landscape-like filmmaking approaching the hotel in the opening scene is brilliant. It not only allows you to enjoy the Overlook approach, but also in your mind it is determined how remote and isolated is the Hotel from the rest of the world. The introduction of Wendy and Danny was a stroke of genius. You will get the whole story of their past, Danny's "imaginary friend," Tony, and the story of Jack's alcoholism has entered this beautiful introductory scene. There was no need to stretch past history over two hours of the film; obviously, Kubrick has seen this from the beginning. <br /> <br /> End of the day. Again, a picturesque mountain walk of the hotel (this time with the family in the wagon), the interaction between Jack and Danny was hilarious, while also posing a very disturbing exchange. The initial sightseeing tour is quite amazing, even if the "staff" is doing things outside, you have the chance to see the majestic fireplaces, the cathedral's high ceilings and the expensive furniture, the bedrooms and the crowns of architecture. "They did a good job! Pink and gold are my favorite colors." (Wendy Torrence) Even the "staff wing" is well built and built nicely. The labyrinth was a magnificent sign, reminiscent of the Labyrinth in which the Minotaur of Crete was a guardian. When Jack Nicholson stands in front of the marked labyrinth and looks into the center, seeing Wendy and Danny come in, it's a magical moment; one who immediately tells you there are heavy energies in that house; there is something seriously wrong, which is already beginning. "I would not want to go in there unless I had at least an hour to find my way." (Hotel Manager) Scatman Cruthers, like Dick Halloran, was authentic and open to his show. His smiles were natural, and his interpretation was wonderful. You might even think you were there in the hotel, taking the kitchen tour with Wendy and Doc. His explanation of Danny's "sparkle" was well established, as well as his conversation with the child about Tony and the Hotel. She was credible and sincere. Scanning and cutting the hotel's panel itself, with the mountains spinning behind them, the cool air spinning around the fog that rises from the warm roof of the hotel with snow adds MORE to the atmosphere of the movie. It also marks the "half-to-hell" point, so to speak; the turning point in the movie. <br /> <br /> Wendy Torrence's expression of Shelley Duvall was delusional. (So, what if Olive Oyl played?!) Honestly, before watching the movie on the big screen in 1980, I said: "What? Olive Oyl? * Lol * (Popeye was also released in 1980.) But I took it back as soon as the movie started, she is brilliant, in Fiend's opinion, this is her best interpretation until now (although I loved her in "Roxanne, 1987" by Steve Martin) After Kubrick established the jewels of information that you, the spectator, must be in possession of: Torrence's past, Danny's arm, Tony's history, the fact that Danny is not "mentally," but rather clairvoyant place and general appearance of the hotel, all of which you get into the opening sequences 3, the movie never stops you from scaring you. The two daughter slaughtered the previous guard, Delbert Grady (the girls who appeared several times to Danny, first through Tony in the apartment before the family ever left steel) were icons that Danny could identify and fear them at the same time. They were haunted (and haunted) by themselves and showed Danny how and where they were killed, in a rather graphic and material way. Tony Kubrick was written as an accompanying spirit as a guide of spirit that he acquired as a result of the fact that his arm was almost removed from his body by his father. He was ... "the little boy who lives in my mouth". He would look at the end of Danny's finger and talk physically through Danny to talk to Danny. Not like the book, I realize, where Tony was intended by Stephen King to be Danny's projection as an older boy trying to save his father. Kubrick dropped that little twist and made it somewhat more frightening when Tony "took ... Danny ... over." Danny's idea of ​​projecting older younger self is not ... frightening. The "Woman in Shower" scene, made by Lia Beldan (about which they do not find other credits for doing something before or since), while the younger woman and Billie Gibson (who also seems to suffer from lack of credits for works before or since), was unbearable and disgusting. It was dramatic and frightening. Scattered and scary. When Nicholson looks into the mirror and sees his flesh decomposed under his hands; the appearance of terror on his face was so complete and REAL. Jack quickly enters the trek from alcoholic "jonesing" to a cheating cheating person. The degradation of his character's mental state is carefully and thoroughly documented by Kubrick. Jack's intimate friendship with Lloyd the Barman (just like alcoholics, ill psychiatrists and drug addicts) portrays NEED the atmosphere that Lloyd uses; that is, alcohol ... "the hair of the dog that beat me". (Jack Torrence) In Jack's case, he's a bourbon on the stones, with no charge for Jack. - Orders in the house. (Lloyd the Barmen) Beautiful play on words. When Wendy finds Jack's "scenario", it's just one page after page of the same line that's always typed, though in 8 or 9 different creative styles. .. when he asks the shadows: "How do you like it?" and Wendy knocks and screams with baseball bats in his hand ... it's so painful. It's the point where she realizes how disturbed the whole situation ... how tricky Jack is. It is very scary, dramatic and offers a strong presence. This, along with Danny's visions about the hotel's lobby, filling with blood, imposed on the scene between Jack and Wendy, and the confrontations that end with this scene, make it the most powerful scene in the movie. Scene "REDRUM". Wow. What I say? What mother would not have been completely scared to find their young son, troubled, sitting on them with a huge knife, talking in that weird voice, always shouting "REDRUM"? Even if it had no meaning, it would still be as frightening as the seventh level of HELL. It was something that everyone could (and had) remember (ed). Talking about memorable scenes ... Nicholson's final assault on his family, with an ax, was probably one of the most frightening scenes in the history of the film. His ad-libbed line, "Johnny's Heeeeere!" was a shot of glow and is one of the most memorable scenes in the history of horror. It also goes down in the horror movie. The end ..? Kubrick's ending was perfection. I felt it was over. No trickery, no complaining complains, no-idiot for the film ACEST. Just perfected. That's all they say about the subject of the end. Who cares what was taken out ?! Here's what Kubrick did. Hire it, watch it, BUY it. It's a classic in horror and for good reason. I would be * * ... Take this movie, and stack it in your Stephen King collection, and take in the 1997 "authorized" version of the King and stick it down in the kids section. Here is the place. .: This movie misses a 9.98 of Fiend :.
