Sometimes it takes a film master like Kubrick to bring something extra, that unique, untouchable and elusive ingredient that turns a great movie or a great script into a masterpiece one over time. <br /> <br /> Not only does Stephen King's story have enough meat and potatoes, which makes it difficult and the lack of most of the director's employees. Heck, even the king was not that bad. It's how Kubrick perceives the king's universe, turning the page into a time on the screen, making SHINGING both a visual feast and a compact mask in the direction. Kubrick's Miss-en-scene is terrible. The film progresses with a lively, sharp and lively rhythm, even though it is neither fast nor powerful and not less than 160 minutes. The camera goes through the overlook corridors of the Overlook Hotel, as if it were a kind of mystical exploration labyrinth, linear tracking photographs, exposing the interiors impeccably decorated in all their grandeur. There is a symmetry and a geometric approach in the way Kubrick perceives the space that reminds me of the way the Japanese directors worked in the sixties. As if what is presented is irrelevant to how all the different elements are balanced within the framework. Certain images are definitely distinguishable. The first chance of Jack's writing machine, accompanied by a screen shot of a ball, such as doom drums coming from another floor or writing machine as if it were an instrument of doom on its own, lately proving to be nothing but that. A red river flows through the hotel's slow-moving elevators. Jack hits the door with the ax, the room moves alongside him, watching the action as it happens instead of static, as if the room had pierced the door and not the ax. The ultra-fast zoom in front of the baby, which turns our head, before we see the two dead girls at POV. And, of course, on the bathroom scene. There were many things about Jack Nicholson's obstruction. The crazy one is not entirely successful, because it's fine, Jack Nicholson. The guy looks anyway anyway. Crazy game turns him into an exaggerated caricature of himself. Shelley Duvall, on the other hand, is one of the most inspired casting choices Kubrick has ever had. Coming from a series of fantastic shows for Robert Altman in the seventies (3 WOMEN, THIEVES LIKE US, NASHVILLE), she brings the character to the right amount of fragility and emotional distress. A terrible actress, very underrated.
