Shining, you know what's strange about this movie? This is the movie that everyone, for those who claim they do not like horror movies, will always say that The Shining is a great movie. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic vision of Stephen King's horror story about madness and blood. This is just an incredible movie and you either saw it or not, you heard about it, you know a few lines of it and you know some of the classic pictures. Who can forget Jack "Here's Johnny!" Who could forget "All the work and lack of play makes Jack a sweet boy"? Who can forget that cooling is over? This is the film that is unforgettable and honest, in my opinion, is Kubrick's best work. I know there are a lot of arguments in this department, many say it's 2001: A Space Odyssey or Orange Clock or even Dr. Strangelove, but if that movie was the pioneer of the movie, then The Shining perfected it. This is the story of isolation, madness, terrifying images, and the final phantom story that will crawl under the skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance, the son of Jack Danny and Jack's wife, Wendy, arrives at Overlook on the day of closing. African American chef Dick Hallorann surprises Danny by telepathy and offering ice cream. He explained to Danny that he and his grandmother shared his gift; they called the "shining" communication. Danny asks if there is something to be afraid of in the hotel, especially in room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a "glow" and many memories, not all good, and advises him to stay away from room 237 under all circumstances. Danny's curiosity about room 237 is finally the best when he sees the room opened. Danny appears injured and clearly traumatized after Jack tells Wendy that he loves his family. Seeing this, Wendy thinks Jack is abusing Danny. Jack wanders in the hotel's golden room where a glamorous bartender meets Lloyd. Danny starts to frantically call the word "red" and poke him into the walls. He enters in a trance and retires; he now says he is Tony, his "imaginary" friend. Jack sabotages the hotel's radio, cutting off the outside world, but Hallorann received Danny's telepathic cry for help and is on his way. Wendy discovers that Jack has written a number of manuscript pages repeating "All the work and no play does not make Jack a little boy" formatted in different ways. Fearful, Jack threatens her and unconsciously beats her with a baseball bat, blocking him in a kitchen cabinet. Jack meets Grady through the closet door, which then unlocks him by releasing him. Danny wrote "REDRUM" in the lipstick on the door of Wendy's bedroom. When he looks in the mirror, he sees it as "Murder" written back. Jack raises an ax and begins to cut the door leading into his family's dwellings. "Here's Johnny!" And Jack's legendary image is born. Shining is one of those movies that you really need to take time to see, this is an incredible movie and still gave me nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and unforgettable. But I feel it too is overlooked is Shelley Duvall, her scene to find the rank of Jack All Work? it's incredible, it's a horror look and you can see the fear in front of her, after she realizes her husband is crazy. Another incredible scene is when Jack sees a ghost woman in the bathtub, honoring one of the most terrifying scenes in the horror cinema. The reason this movie is so well known is because it's a perfection movie, it was on The Simpsons, it's been featured in other movies and it's a movie that will stay forever with you when you see it, believe me. <br /> <br />
