Okay, maybe not the biggest one. I mean the Exorcist and Psycho and some others are hard to pass, but The Shining is up there. However, it is by far the best story of Stephen King, which has been transformed into a movie. It's better than Stand, better than Pet Sematary (if not so scary), better than Cujo, better than The Green Mile, better Dolores Claiborne, better than Stand By Me (just barely) and yes, than Shawshank Redemption, I do not care what the IMDb Top 250 says. <br /> <br /> I read that, a few decades ago, Stanley Kubrick sorted through novels at his home trying to find one that could make a good movie, and from the other room, his wife would hear a noise blow every half an hour or as he threw wall paper in frustration. Finally, he had heard no noise for nearly two hours, and when he went to check and see if he died in the chair or something (I say with all due respect, of course), she found him concentrating on books that had them in his hand, and the book was The Shining. And thank God for continuing to turn that book into one of the best horror films of all time. <br /> <br /> Stephen King can be pleased with the complexity of the story about a man who takes his wife and son to a remote hotel to oversee this during the extremely isolated winter as he works on his writing . Jack Nicholson can be pleased with the role of Jack Torrance (how many movies was Jack playing a character called Jack?), As well as the impeccable delivery of many well-known lines now (Johnny's Heeeeeere!). Shelley Duvall can be thankful for offering a show that allows the audience to refer to Jack's wishes to kill him. Stanley Kubrick can be pleased that he has given this excellent story to his highly acclaimed touch, and whoever he was the casting director, can be grateful for screaming the frightest twins on the planet to play the role of the girls killed. One of the most important aspects of this film, necessary for the story as a whole to have the most significant effect, is isolation and is present without flaw. The film starts with a long scene after Jack as he leads to the old hotel for his interview for the winter caretaker's job. This is soon followed by the same as a result of Jack and his family as they drive along the mountain wind to the hotel. This time the scene is mixed with photographs of Jack, Wendy and Danny talking in the car, in which Kubrick managed to sneak into a quick suggestion about television evils, while Wendy expresses concern about the cannibalism in front of Danny, who says he's fine because he's already seen it on TV ("See? It's okay, he saw it on TV.") The hotel itself is the perfect place for a story to take place, and the bloody past is made more scary by the huge, echoing rooms and long hallways. These rooms, with their echoes, constantly accentuate the nakedness of the hotel, but the corridors have really created the biggest part of this film's scenery, and Kubrick's traditional trajectories give the hallways a creepy three-dimensional sense. At the beginning of the movie, there is an impressive track that follows Danny in a large circle as he walks around the halls on his big wheel (what they are called) and his relative speed (as well as the clunking made by the wheels when he returns and back from hardwood floors to throwing carpets) gives the feeling he does not know what's on the corner. And being a story of Stephen King, wait for something to jump. I think the best scene in the halls (as well as one of the most frightened in the movie) is when Danny plays on the floor and a ball rolls slowly to him. He looks up and sees the long and empty hall, and because the ball is something to play for a child, you expect it to have been those dreadfully twinkling twins that rolled them over. Anyway, you understand. Shining is a scary movie. In addition to having a rare quality as a horror film that does not suck, The Shining has a very deep story that keeps you really guessed and lets you feel that it was something you lost. Was Jack always there, as Mr. Grady told him in the men's room? Was it really that ball in 1921, or is it just someone who looks exactly like him? If he had always been the caretaker, as Mr Grady said, it means he was his crazy man and killed his wife and twin daughters, not Mr. Grady, after all? It's one thing for a movie to leave the free heads that should have been linked, it's just a mediocre cinematic production. For example, The Amityville Horror, which has obviously copied much of The Shining as to its subject, did so. But it is quite different when a movie is presented in a way that makes you think (like most of Kubrick's films). One more thing we can thank everyone for Stanley Kubrick and we need to thank him for it is that we do not throw this book on the wall. That would have been a cinematic tragedy.
