Refreshing, a bigger piece of cinematic fear, this film combines all the great elements of an intellectual thriller with the great vision of a director who has the instinctual ability to make a dreadful horror movement in his film genius that includes an eye movie the original ice cold soundtrack and a general sense of dehumanization. This film goes through all the typical horror movies, such as red poker through the human eye, as it allows the spectator not only to feel the violence and psychosis of his protagonist but also to appreciate the seed from which the disorder provokes. One of the most frightening things people have to deal with is the unknown, and this movie presents his plot with mind-thinking. The setting is perfect, in a desert resting place. The memory of the moment is a character in itself, because the fermenting aggressor in Jack Torrance's mind sweeps in this waiting time and cultivates the devil's new playground. We have always felt that the presence of evil has slept in all our minds, only with the circumstances of the moment and the reasons given to it, had to awaken their violent ass and break the victims who did not ask. This movie is a perfect example of this thought. And there is inside this subtle touch of canvas, clackity-clacks of the young man's riding rider's wheel along the hotel's bare halls, the labyrinth garden representing the wonderful line of mind between the healthy and the mad, the words of Kubrick, who intended to modify the inconsistencies, the errors of continuity, and the wrong arrangements, we discover a world guided by the righteous and tangible, but scattered by the strong and the unknown. I have never read the book on which the film is based, but without this as a point of comparison, I am proud to say that this is one of the most terrifying movies I have ever seen. I thought the life of the movie could have been cut a bit, but again, I'm not one of the most respected directors in the history of the movie, so maybe I should keep my criticism two cents above a superb movie , for me. Generally, this film captures your attention with its grandiose shape and vision, breaks you with a certain terrorist and eccentric direction, and connects you and faces you in the cold-eyed eyes of the man's mind as you go overboard, creepyly into the atmosphere and loss of humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
