Anthony McGarten adapted his track, Via Satellite, and directed the best comedy film to come out of New Zealand for a long time. Chrissy Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is an abandon. She has not touched much in her last years, and she has been angry at her family since her father's bed was confessed. Her twin sister, Carol (also portrayed by Danielle Cormack), walks in the light of media reflectors because she represents New Zealand in swimming at the Olympics. A middle-aged, desperate and desperate director (Brian Sergent) and his good-nature cameraman - who is also the one-night stand of Chrissy from the previous night - Paul (Karl Urban) filming the most proud moment of the Dunn family ; watching Carol swim in victory. This would not be so bad, but Chrissy's family is the symbol of the embarrassment. First of all, there is the Wellingtonian Dunns matricule, Joyce (Donna Akerston). She makes cake cakes and cocktail sausages for the very important cinema crew and refuses to change her way. Her oldest daughter, Jen (Rima Te Wiata), is desperate to be more than usual. It has a beautiful house (with painted bedroom walls "Blackberry sorbet"), expensive tastes and an ugly parasitic attitude to fit. He also approaches 40 and breaks up for a child. Her husband, Ken (Tim Balme), is an electrician and is forced into jobs that do not need to do ... and to do jobs to be done, that is Jen. The middle daughter, Lyn (Jodie Dorday - who won the Best Supporting Actress at the New Zealand Film Awards for this portrait) is a "beaten" cake that has a dubious history with Ken. Both older sisters collide, mom is in a state, Ken is just as bad. Tim Taylor, Carol is fueling her Olympic desire, and Chrissy is aware that all this needs to be splashed on national television - why should not she be embarrassed? It's great to see some famous New Zealand girls get along in the suburban comedy that has lines of witchcraft. I liked the break between Jen and Lyn. One is like an adult, my biological-watch-is-ticking-away, the other a narcissistic tramp who has what her sister wants - a good in the oven. The climate of the film is quite sentimental and well done. Shows are a treat and the movie works perfectly. A great way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
