Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is a performance artist for rich intellectuals at a local club. She becomes prey to her fantasies, because the promise of romantic interludes turns into murder because it kills those who think sex is on the horizon. It is quite possible that, through a hypnotic suggestion, someone (... a pregnant master who can pull her strings like a puppet) directs Lorna to kill those she meets in isolated places, even when it seems that love is about to begin. After the murder in her fantasies has been committed, Lorna wakes up astonished, often clueless, if what she cared about in her dreams actually took place. If someone asked me how to describe this work from Franco, I would say it is elegant and difficult. So far, you've probably read other user reviews about what this movie is about, because much of it takes place in the surreal atmosphere of a dream. Franco mentioned in an interview that he was heavily influenced by Godard at the beginning of his career as a filmmaker, and so he decided to give up a clear narrative structure in favor of trying to create another type of viewing experience. And, as you read from the feedback of users' comments here ... like this decision, others find working, boring and amazing. I will be the first to recognize that the film is overhead, but even Franco himself, when asked by critics who saw "Succubus," admitted he did not even understand the movie and directed it! Some might say that "Succubus" was only a precursor to his more admired work, "Venus in Furs," considering that his work is done by the frank-believers because he also adopts the surrealist structure where the protagonist does not really know whether he / she is experiencing something real or imagined. In a way, like the protagonist, we are confronted with the same kind of confusion ... Succubus is certainly an unconventional film in which we are not given the keys to what is happening exactly. And, much of the evasive dialogue does not help matters. "Succubus" is also populated by beatnik and "poet-speak", Corman's "A Bloodstain" movie has fun. My favorite personal scene teases a possible lesbian interlude between Lorna and a woman she meets in a joyous party ... a bizarre fantasy sequence where the mannequins are used quite unusually. Excellent locations and jazz score. I liked this film myself, though I understand why it gets a negative reaction. He liked that scene at the lucky party with Lorna, drunk a little drunk, wringing on the floor in a gorgeous evening dress, as others who were looking at shindig (just as wasted) hurry in a hug of kissing.
