I did not see all the movies of Jess Franco, I saw 5, I think, and there are more than 180 of them. So maybe it's a bit too early to say so, but "Necronomicon Geträumte Sünden" (better known as "Succubus", but this is the cut version) is in my opinion if not the best, certainly the best of Franco. Franco is best known (though "known" could be a little exaggerated) for Vampiros Lesbos, a strangely cultic film that was much appreciated in the mid-90s when people learned that Jess Franco was also , an interesting composer. By the soundtrack, a happy man discovered the man and discovered what was to be expected after seeing "Vampyros Lesbos OST": Jess Franco is an overwhelming director. When the phone rang during Vampiros, I let him ring. I just wanted to see more of the movie. From that moment on, Franco could not catch me so much. But then I came across this movie. It's even better than "Vampiros Lesbos," I think. Franco is looking for what he can do with a story and a room. We learn he can do much. I certainly did not expect to find such a "Necronomicon": its beginning did not impress me at all. Remember, I saw before "Vampiros Lesbos" (although chronologically it came only three years later) and both movies pretty much the same. But then the story continued, confusing and frightening, a beautiful work on the camera and the things you would want to see if it was not so busy with the spread of its political messages. Later in the film I heard a dialogue about what art was or was not old-fashioned. Man says all the movies must be old-fashioned, because it takes a few weeks before the audience watches what they shot. But the girl replies that "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard made movies tomorrow for yesterday." Janine Reynaud is a full-length actress and, of course, Howard Vernon, a French director, is also there. Fortunately, the act is good (something that can spoil a lot of Franco films for you, but not that). But you certainly care about the dummy scene. Erotic tension, wild direction and the fact that it is a movie for yesterday for tomorrow makes it a movie that many people should see. The fact that it is a bit more accessible than "Vampiros Lesbos" certainly helps.
