Police, Investigation, Crime, Suspicion: We are all familiar with them in great movies. Most movies face today a crime that is supposed to involve viewers to give them a thrilling atmosphere. However, most Thrill lovers will rather focus on the latest films of this kind, forgetting the oldest. However, it happens that these people can be misled. A movie based entirely on suspicion can be very exciting now, despite being over 20 years ... it's a unique movie by Claude Miller. Is that much of the action? Not even from the events presented in the film take place in a very short time. But the way they're done is a big plus of the movie. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) is investigated by Inspector Gallien (Lino Ventura) and Insector Belmont (Guy Marchand). It's a New Year's Eve, a rainy evening and not too precise for such a meeting. However, after the rape and assassination of two children at the beginning of the old year, the door of suspicion must finally be opened. In other words, (quoted from the film), it must be revealed who really is a bad wolf. To do this, it takes a lot of effort and a lot of emotions on both sides ... Some people criticize the script because they are too brothers. However, I would ask them: what should be an investigation if not many questions and basically speaks a lot. This speech even touches the roots of the genre. Under no circumstances is it so boring, but throughout the film, it involves you as an observer as a spectator. Moreover, the movie contains well-made flashbacks as the story goes. Not too much and not too little - enough to make the whole story clearer and more interesting. The most memorable flashbacks for me are when Chantal (Romy Schneider), Martinaud's wife, talks about a wonderful Christmas ... But these flashbacks also contain the views of the places, including the infamous beach. Everything helped me greatly to keep the right pace. And since I've seen GARDE A VUE, I always mention this film as one of the French cinema's "defenders" against accusations of disorder and chaos. <br /> <br /> But those aspects already mentioned can not necessarily attract many viewers because they may not like them and will still not find their satisfactory content and execution. However, GARDE A VUE is also worth seeing for such people. Why? For performance reasons. But do not expect me to praise Romy Schneider first. GARDE A VUE is not the Romy Schneider vehicle. She does a wonderful job as a mother who is deeply desperate for a lost child. She faithfully presents a person who is calm, concrete, who does not refuse a cup of tea offered, but who does not want to play with words. Her part that includes a profound account of life and duty is brilliant, more credible than Elsa's much melancholy role in LA PASSANTE DE SANS SOUCI. She is still in action. However, Romy Schneider does not have much time on the screen. Basically, it first appears after 45 minutes of credits; she, as a wife and a different point of view, symbolically comes to the New Year at midnight. Her role is purely supportive. Who is really rocks is Lino Ventura. He is the middle-aged inspector, Antoine Gallien, who wants to know the truth, who is aware that his questions are "rockets" to the other interlocutor, but he does not hesitate. He is an inspector who, being married three times, is perfectly recognized by the woman's psyche. He is the one who does not consider his work as a game to play, but a real service. Eventually, he is a person who does not consider it abnormal to stay there on the New Year's Eve. Michel Serrault also does a good job expressing fear, especially in the final scenes of the film. But in vain for Mr. Ventura. Brilliant! As for the memorable moments, this is not a kind of film in which this aspect is easy to analyze. The whole movie is memorable, it has to be seen several times and must be felt with its atmosphere and, which I have not mentioned before, a wonderful music. For me, Chantal's and Inspector Gallien's speech is the brightest moment. You are there with the two characters, you will experience their mood if you get deeper into what you see. GARDE A VUE is a very interesting film, I must see for lovers and art connoisseurs shows. The New Year is back, and ... is it easier now to open the door? You'll find out when you decide to watch the memorable film by Claude Miller. 8/10
