We, Ed Wood fans, tend to be primarily obsessive, but especially this film has led me to a fan-house level that I have never approached! One of the most intense emotions of adoring the non-mainstream movie - at least as far as I am concerned - is the pleasure of discovering the obscure. I remember when I was adolescent I wanted to see Eddie's "The Revenge of the Dead" ("Night of the Ghouls"), which at that time had been vaulted for decades. Also, such arcane shooting masterpieces as Doris Wishman "One Night to Dismember" or half of the work of Jesus Franco! However, in recent years, video and DVD movies have been seen, and they have provided these treasures that are almost indispensable for the past, even for those of us on the "wrong" side of the Atlantic. And then, it was "I woke up early on the Day I died" - a movie that should have been so "big" but disappeared into the ether just before Fangoria printed the first article long for him, who first gave me the appetite. The 1990s needed a hard-to-find film, though it would really be worth hunting: and that, to be sure it is ... I do not particularly want to add a comment too much to all those wonderful aspects of the film - his classic tower, but still kitsch, his bizarre but often hallucinogenic images, his wonderful moments of "pure cinema" (in the sense of the French cinemas of the 1920s) and his surrealism or even his column sounds memorable; has been described most eloquently by other users here. What I want to mention, in short, is the pleasure we have received and from hunting down some obscure objects related to this almost-lost to us - but fortunately, not quite movie! I think the German video I took while I was in Cologne on a cold winter day is pretty well known by Ed Wood's followers. It is also well known that a promotional film poster was released. However, there is much more to be found! First of all, there are a number of reviews available since the release of German THEATRICAL - I used several of these in my translation classes in an attempt to "Woodify" my students ..... some of these reviews are positive attitudes to art and entertainment films - and the most interesting thing is that most critics have placed it equally in both American traditions and European artistic traditions. Secondly, there is Larry Groupe's score, which can be obtained from the man himself - many of the songs exert a truly emotional shot on the listener, especially if you are thinking about the current stage of the "bolt" movie and you slightly increase melancholy in same time. Finally - for the moment - I want to mention the SOUNDTRACK promotion that Cinequanon has made in extremely limited numbers. BEG, BORROW, STEAL, KILL or do whatever is needed if you have the chance to acquire one of these !!!!!! He has 14 pieces of the film, including Eartha Kitt's "Jesus I Was Evil," released by Darcy Clay (two versions of which are also available on the New Zealand CD, though this is another story again! ), to which Christina Ricci is dancing, as well as those stunning techno paintings by Minty and ZHV (the latter being Billy Z's techno band) ..... become obsessed - Ed Wood has your own life.
