This 1998 film is based on a scenario by the late Edward D. Wood, a script that contained no dialogue in the tradition of films such as THE THIEF. While much of Wood's work was strange low-budget entries in different genre-film traditions, its first featured GLEN or GLENDA was a truly visionary attempt to express inexpressibly through primitive avant-garde techniques. I'm going this very day that I did that of Ed Wood, the experimenter, though this movie is a comedy (a nightmare comedy, though!), While the cross-dressing theme of GLEN or GLENDA was taken both the serious of Wood was no comedy place there. From the first few seconds of this movie, I knew I was taken to a new cinematic world, and that I can not compare the world with anything else. The technical part of the film - production design, sound design, musical scores, photography, etc. - is of prime importance at any level. In particular, although the movie does not have "dialogue," there is sound of all kinds and "language," but you will have to see how it was done, because the intelligence and surprise of the methods offer a level of emotion throughout life. Glen or Glenda-esque juxtaposition of images for surreal effects works well in the film and is kept to a minimum. The entire movie is played on a hysteria theme, and Billy Zane offers amazing performance in a power tour that shows what a comic and brilliant actor is. In a fair world, she would have been awarded a prize for this performance. He even looks at Ed Wood, and like Zane, this character is at different moments, weak, tragic, sympathetic and anonymous (sometimes at the same time !!!). What a pity that this film has been caught in legal issues and has never received a North American theater or video show, playing only a few festivals. Right now, it is only available for videos in Germany (in fact, my copy is from a German source - the Wood script scenarios that are displayed on screen from time to time are translated into German, although the titles of low-budget technical newspapers to give fence elements, especially those that would be too expensive to film, through newspaper titles is used here in the tradition of wood) that Zane sees in English). I think this movie could have got a word-mouth after it was played at midnight in some big cities with careful promotion. And if he played in the city, the city would slow down on the artistic film circuit, it could have done well. In fact, if legal issues can be resolved, I would like to suggest that the film should receive a theatrical release, especially a MIDNIGHT "cult" edition. This is a classic waiting to be discovered. Do I "understand" every scene? No, but I felt every emotional scene. Everything "worked" in the movie? Maybe not. I saw it twice, and the first time I saw her, I was interrupted several times. However, with all the assembling game junk that plays multiplexes, and with so much "alternative film" rejecting the fetishism or the claim of the movie shot on video, we need real Hollywood experiments like this. The recent Bob Dylan movie, "Mascat and Anonymous", had similar chances, like Steven Soderbergh, FULL FRONTAL. This movie could find a much larger audience than any of them. If you read this review after a few years and the idea of ​​this movie sounds interesting, see if it was ever released on the video. You will not get bored. Invite some friends over ... do a party. Play the amazing sound LOUD. I have the feeling that wherever he is in his life after death, Ed Wood is content with this film and feels as though his unique vision has been justified and validated to some extent by making this film. Wood probably also laughed that, as always seemed to get the bad breaks in life, the film made in tribute to him after his death is sustained in lawsuits and is found undefended in the country to do.
