OK, so I know of this movie because of a friend of mine in it and I actually visited the set when they were filming, so from a personal point of view, I was intrigued to see in the end this obscure little jewel. If you are looking for information about this movie easily, you will find it horrified by legal issues (even over 7 years after you've been filmed), so if you are the same as me, then you will do whatever it takes to get a copy. My source? Ebay. About $ 15, but I felt broken, because when I received it today by post, it was a very grandiose and granular copy of a "SCREENER ONLY" version, complete with the minuscule code, but unfortunately, just as if we had a proper copy, which we suggest you get if you want the full impact this movie may or may not have on you. From what I collected, it was released on DVD in Germany and now in Spain. With this, luck and happy quest / offer ...;). The score / sndtrk is worth it alone. Very eclectic and varied (somethinbg rare these days IMHO in the movie) - I think it will be my next sndtrk / score to locate, but I devise ... Now on the review. The film opens because Billy Zane's character injects a nurse into the mental salon where he is apparently blocked. He steals his clothes (even his shoes) and moves quickly into a series of bank deposits / loans, but after he has escaped with prey, well, I think that the "plot" begins here - he loses it by mistake. After committing several "over-the-top" crimes to many celebrities from A to C, to locate the money, he is somehow in a cemetery where a funeral - I think for the dead man he shoots in the borrowing / bank office and - even with the 1950s police cars and policemen who always look at him forever - he never sees it. (He sees daily newspapers reporting "crimes") I liked this because he gave an extension to the thin plot. After all, it's a movie (see: fiction) Director & Iris Iliopulos does what I think is all that's possible to 1) Bring Wood's vision to fulfillment and 2) Give him an updated feel but have photos genuine 50 police cars are interwoven with, ahh, LA.99 local stores - so good, therefore my 9 rating. If the period and the interrogations were genuine - I would have given it 10. Now it packs it so strange and I will not hurt it for anyone but let's say the final end is somewhat disappointing for me, it has promise, action and comedy. - all up to the end, so ... with everything he said - place a copy at his own discretion <br /> <br /> Just realize that because there is no dialouge (except for some narratives and chants), this could be on your alley - maybe not - but I certainly think it's worth a watch. All the actors perform fine performances and it's just the incoherence in the right pieces period that really did me a long time just because the correction - then I would say by all means checking this movie for it is not that nothing these studios put these days or will be in the future). I'm sure.
