To finally see what many consider to be the biggest women's movie in prison all the time, I felt as if I had done something as ridiculous as it sounded. The boy surely contained the elements I expected and gave them much more. A constant I find in these films is the hardness and piety of actresses in the roles of prisoners who are preparing to escape, while their threshold, tolerance and resolution (let alone health) are tested by their superiors. While most were hired for the way they looked naked, because the nature of the genre asks for such free elements, something else would arise, other attributes such as attitude and courage, which I finally answer. <br /> <br /> This, as you probably know too well, was Demme's debut for his mentor Roger Corman and he gives the target audience exactly what he wants, putting his own stamps in the process. For example, there are bizarre dreams that have certain characters that define their current psychological states (there is a special number with director Barbara Steele, where I remembered Alex of Great of an Orange watch). the film has female prisoners planning a bold escape, tired of the crazy old man of a wheelchair guard and prison dock, Randolph (Warren Miller). Juanita Brown is Maggie, a sassy sister who is fed by the environment and will do whatever it takes to get out. She is the one that all girls fear to pass. Erica Gavin is Jacqueline Wilson, the newest prisoner who was caught by the police and sentenced for killing a policeman who did not want to give up the names of the people he was involved with. Roberta Collins is Belle, a serial kleptomaniac, best friends with Pandora (Ella Reid). Belle becomes Randolph's obsession, which promises Inspector McQueen (Steele) that through a surgical procedure she can shake off her violent tendencies. Dancing her, Randolph takes naked pictures and sodomizes her, crying like a little girl because of her mental deficiencies while she hugs her naked body in her arms. Cheryl Rainbeaux Smith is Lavelle, in prison for life, for killing a scoffer whose relative was a senator. Lavelle receives a job in Randolph's office and is responsible for his relationship with Pandora. Demme actually builds the movie to the expected end as a planned separation, using the people behind the traumas caused to the prisoners as hostages, with the flare of fire. <br /> <br /> I was quite impressed with Demme's photographic work, Tak Fujimoto's cinema, being able to establish visual arrest moments within the confines of prison, cells and chambers, not an easy task. The prison is properly clogged, and the girls, despite being quite attractive, show that some of the desperate detainees want to get rid of such enthusiasm from the pits of their souls. Steele is gorgeous as a guard, understanding how to take her close to the limit, without going away, frankly, to express the madness of her repressed character in a hold ... you know how she makes her glasses and sets herself up without blowing her especially when certain behaviors she despises to push her teetering to the edge. Cale's blue score is incredibly depressing, while also casting a glance at the audience that the movie is still fun and games ... I think Cale's score mirrors manipulation of Demme's material. The Cale and Demme Association is an unusual alliance that presents the atmosphere as a sad, insulating, oppressive place, while at the same time it presents a humorous tone that penetrates due to its colorful characters due in part to the cast personalities. My favorite scene is outside the prison, two of our girls (who join the forces with a third) interrupt a bank robbery already in full swing. The Kicker is a bank they were planning to rob! As you might expect, you will get naked women in the shower, solitary prisoners, a cat fight, shooting, evasive attempts and other exploiting elements (such as a terrible shock therapy session do not exclude the shocking sequence mentioned above where the deceptive dock profits by Belle). Interestingly enough, Demme relates the movie to the audience, not realizing the claims, understanding exactly what type of movie he was doing.
