When I think of "Women in Prison", my mind often goes to slow and Spanish productions by directors such as Jess Franco and Bruno Mattei; and while these films are often very slow, they are also very similar and once you see one; you could have seen them all. I must admit that these types of films are generally not my favorites; but, in fact, the idea of ​​women behind the bars was very well done on many occasions outside Italy and Spain; and the images of New World Roger Corman are responsible for some of the best of them. Caged Heat is the directorial debut of Academy Award-winning director Jonathan Demme and is a small, well-done film with a lot of entertainment value! Of course, the film focuses on the story of a girl who is caught committing crimes and sent to a women's "prison" where she is presented to a host of violent prisoners. This prison is driven by the wheelchair affiliated with Superintendent McQueen; and she offended them with a piece made by girls; which makes them plot an escape. This movie is much easier on laziness than I used to be with a woman in prison jail; but this is far more than offset by some great scenes of action and dialogue, which ensures the warmth of home entertainment. It must be said that the plot is not particularly original or ambitious and that in principle it follows a similar structure to many other women in prison films that have come before; but that's not such a big problem. The film is never bored and is adorned with exceptional scenes; including an attempt to escape while working in a field and a bank robbery. The film is helped by a safe direction from the man who will go to the rudder the masterpiece "Silence of the Lambs" and a large distribution, with many appreciations; including the best of all legendary Barbara Steele, as the director of the prison. Overall, Cage Heat can not leave the viewer with much thought to the end; but it is a wonderful little movie of grindhouse entertainment and anyone who enjoys this type of movie will surely want to watch it.
