Jonathan Demme's directorial debut for Roger Corman's legendary costumes, New World Pictures, is one of the most beautiful classical chicken in chains to ever carry celluloid. Beauteous Russ Meyer Starlet Eric ("Vixen", "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls") Gavin offers robust and winning performance as a white and resilient fish that makes every effort to persevere in a nasty and ugly penitentiary. Barbara Steele, always fabulous, offers a delightful and mischievous portrayal as a sexual frustrated supervisor (her erotic dream of making a slow striptease in front of the lady of prisoners is true). The film "The Arousers," "Unholy Rollers," was released by Collins, who had a hilarious and defeat turn, as an angry kleptomaniac who says a dirty joke about Pinnochio. Lynda Gold (also known as Crystin Sinclaire in Tobe Hooper's "Eaten Alive" and Curtis Harrington's "Ruby") makes his life-like debut as Crazy Alice Mad Crazy. And Cheryl "Rainbeaux" Smith, a stranger, makes a delightful, touching replica of his innocent, frightening role in Lemora: The Story of the Supernatural's Child. <br /> <br /> Although this image does not offer the expected amount of thick language, nudity, rape and violence, it is by no means a typical and sexist dirt of mind-boggling dirt; the film exploits very effectively the many ways in which people exploit cruelly women and firmly affirm the pro-feminist idea that women can overcome any obstacle if they join in a group so that they can courageously confront their misogynist oppressors as a force strong fighting. Demme, Demme's confidential direction goes through a glorious abundance of observable accidental details and delightful moments of weird human behavior. In addition, both Fujimoto's vibrant cinematography and John Cale's blues score are 100% of the great money. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mack in the terrible costume of monster-costume costume, which has the tracer "Track of the Moonbeast") has a shock shot as a wandering policeman who has his car stolen by a trio escaping from jail, when it stops in gasoline to use the bathroom. Lively, rousing and extremely enjoyable, "Caged Heat" qualifies as an absolutely essential view for 70-year-old fans.
