I saw this movie after watching Capote and Infamous. It is incredible how homosexual relationships between the author and the protagonists are sublimated in the film. The reporter is right, the protagonists are worse than homosexuals. The film starts slowly, but after reviewing it a second time, we get all sorts of interesting information from the similarities that Brooks writer / director creates. Notice that incredible cutting from the beginning is related to murderers and murders. The phone cutter is right for Perry on the phone. The cutter who washed his face is right to wash his face. But Perry looks into the mirror and sees her erotic male body, makes a fantasy to play a guitar in Las Vegas to empty the chairs. This failure / fantasy fits with the fantasy of failure that Perry tells us about his father who built a beautiful motel in Alaska just to find him always naked. Dick talks about the shooting of the pheasants and the fact that the pheasants do not know they will die. I cut to Clutters. Perry speaks his dream of a yellow bird, "Taller than Jesus", attacking the nuns who persecuted them. "The nuns beg for mercy," he says, "But the bird sacrificed them anyway." The bird raises Perry into paradise. Strange, Perry says she has an aversion to nuns, God and religion. This later recalls in his last word when he wants to apologize, but he does not know who he is. <br /> <br /> The director does all kinds of actions and only if. <br /> <br /> Nancy Cutter gets an offer to sleep at a house of friends. Hold a horse. Perry will later comment on her photo and her house. Nancy can not sleep at her friends' house because her boyfriend comes to dinner. The decision ends its destiny. Perry talks about Bogart in the "Treasure of the Sierra Madre". But there is another image of Bogart, "Beat the Devil" that Truman Capote wrote co-written, in which a fictional treasure hunt is McGuffin. But Dick knows that the protagonists of that movie have come to nothing. Dick wants the hefty money, the $ 10,000 he thinks he's in Clutter's safe (which, ironically, turns out to be as fancy as Mexican Perry's treasure.) Cut to Herb Clutter by signing a life insurance $ 40,000 Ironically, his mortality will end in a few hours, the company's insurance agent wants a long life, again ironically when we know what will happen in a few hours. Dick said they did not want a witness, so no one remembers him anymore. Later, in fact, because they removed all the witnesses they were remembered. a witness, "the detective continues to tell Dick later, but he was a witness to Dick, Perry, Truman Capote's or God's friend, and the viewer becomes a witness after watching the film.
