Cold blood has to be ranked as first-class film, even if the subject is almost as grim as it happens in the world to do, but movie noir fans should definitely find this a piece of engaging work, based on a true crime syndrome. It opens with Quincy Jones' music under dramatic credits and dramatic views of a highway bus heading for Kansas City, effectively establishing the mood of the film just before the end of the credit. B & W's photo of Conrad Hall does a great job from the start. Also clear from the start: ROBERT BLAKE and SCOTT WILSON are naturally born actors. They do a great job of portraying free friends in search of the next thrill. "Do you ever see a millionaire chicken in electric hair?" "No, there are two types of rules in this world: one for the rich and one for the poor," says Wilson, taking a beating of alcohol behind the wheel. > Both are meant to cross the path of a family of farms without showing mercy and without leaving witnesses behind them. Blake, recalling the films and thinking about the golden hunting in Mexico, says: "Remember Bogart in the" Treasure of the Sierra Madre "?" (An ironic moment, because Blake himself was in the film as a boy selling lottery tickets). "I helped you for a natural killer," says Wilson to Blake. JOHN FORSYTHE is one of the lead detectives on this case, discovering that all four family members were tied, shot in the head and one cut his neck. "Do not people here lock the doors?" PAUL STEWART asks. "Tonight will be," is the latent answer. After the murder, the killers discover that there is "no fat in the wall," as the informant told them in prison. So, in the end, it was really a stupid, meaningless crime. The question is, WHY did they do it? And this is what the second half of the film explores in depth. It takes an hour and a half in the movie before the detectives reach out to the killers and start the interrogation. These are these final scenes that have the greatest conviction and the greatest interest as the boys say they made many mistakes and left a living witness. Current events up to and including murder are saved to the end. "It makes no sense," says Blake Forsythe. Mr. Cutter was a very beautiful gentleman. I thought so until I cut his neck. Richard Brooks's script is concise and to the end - and so is his direction. Summary: Brilliant picture of two young men without targets on a murder murder that did not make sense now, or now only 43 dollars. Cooling.
