The premise of this film was that which focused on the polarization of ideologies in the United States. This was an extremely flammable scenario in America, where two completely different cultures collided. What justified such terrible actions of depravity? As this movie presents the scene (while Hickock and Smith drink), these two men were not intoxicated and not under the influence of drugs! This was a clear case of cold and calculated deliberation. Practically, these violent acts were the ultimate result of emotional and social neglect ... In the past, 1975, as a nation, we cultivated an empathy for the deviations that were victims of their environment ... However, this incident takes place in 1959! This terrible revelation has erased us and prevented the nation from being in a queue of conflicting ethics! With the recent release of Capote, based on Truman Capote, who was the creator of the documentary "In Cold Blood," the American people cultivated a new fascination found in this movie! Robert Blake played Perry Smith, one of the bad characters in this movie ... This is apparently appropriate, given the notoriety he has been involved with in his personal life! "In Cold Blood" it focuses on the inexplicable element ... There was no revenge involved, there was no material gain to be gained, there was no potential for social advance here, be it an example of a latent and insidious belligerent fury that ends certainly does not justify the means! The situational talks that Hickock and Smith were crying were always ambiguous! Under these circumstances, why should he take frustrations on an anonymous and innocent Kansas family? Geer (grandfather Walton) will play the lawyer of the prosecutor who is sick of this act of macabre whims! His argument is quite convincing ... His objection is: "These two men who have not shown any mercy now ask for yours." This is a logic line that will induce me to make a verdict of conviction if I will be one of jury members! Absolutely disdain for the precarious situation in your life do not serve as justification for organizing a capital crime! Capote's instincts dictated that such an act of disturbed violence should have been brought to the attention of the American public! As it turns out, he was a preacher of things to come. "In Cold Blood" he did just that! This incident was calm before the storm on a pertinent appearance in the 1960s radicals! Such a lethal charade also served as an understanding of the isolated interests that would place many typical Americans for the future! Truman Capote is doing a tremendous job of authenticating this wild show with his book (who was the best seller), and with this documentary ... Actor Robert Blake and Scott Wilson, as well as people like John Forsythe, were incredible! Director Richard Brooks ("Cat on a Hot Tray Roof", "Jungle Dashboard", "Elmer Gantry" and "Key Largo" to name just a few!) Was remarkable in his collaborative efforts in this movie! I think "In Cold Blood" is one of the best movies in film history !! The film describes two repugnant defeats, which headed for dementia theater and made them captivating for a nationwide pejorative recognition! ... This film identifies psychological dissatisfaction that is getting worse in the providers of violence! The ideologies of our nation are incredibly different now than in 1959! This film introduces the American people in the case of emotional and vacillating guiltyties that have initiated such precarious metamorphosis into our global system of values! I recommend everyone to see this movie ... "In Cold Blood" was the focal point for the movie "Capote"! Think about making a film about a movie is a rare and coveted recognition in Hollywood! "In Cold Blood" is an extreme example of a film that is clearly clairvoyant, intellectually obedient, and of course it is understandable: "In Cold Blood" it was extremely splendid and remarkable movie !!
