Easily one of the top ten films of the 20th century. In Cold Blood he is brilliant in the simplicity and realism of his story and absolutely riveted. Robert Blake moves away with the movie. The story seems to be presented almost entirely from Perry's point of view, despite the fact that Dick is the leader and planner of the pair. The viewer will invariably perceive Dick as more unstable, immature and generally feels that Perry would not have been fired in this nightmare, but for Dick and his need to be someone and make a great score. <br /> <br /> Based on a true story, paying particular attention to accuracy, Cold Blood describes the story behind the brutal and senseless murder of a rural Kansas family, a cold and windy night, because Dick bought it, an old rural myth about prosperous farmers who have secure money in their home. As a "prosecutor" (a character that does not have a name in the script) played by Will Geer, it shows with such importance that their life is bought for just $ 10 per head. Director Richard Brooks wisely chose not to share with us the criminal details of the crimes until the end of the movie. Before that we only know that it happened and we see that Dick and Perry's lives are slowly releasing, trying to escape not only to be detained law enforcement authorities, but also Perry's perpetual perception of an imminent situation. He repeatedly remarks: "Nobody ever escapes such a thing" and "I can not believe we have left something behind which belongs to us." Dick is neither mature nor moral enough to feel a convicted sense of guilt about their crime, but just an irritation to Perry. Indeed, after being caught, Dick collapses first and suddenly drops off when ultimately confronted with incontrovertible evidence that puts the two people at the scene of the crime. I'm sorry for Perry from the beginning of the movie and more - as the events have evolved, but I just lost Dick. The genius of the film is how the story is engaged engaged. We do not think for a moment that we look at the actors portraying characters, but that we look at real participants and events, as they happened. The story is incessant, taunt, running time slightly more than two hours feels more than just a few minutes. For those who are interested in such things, I noticed some of the "Goofs" listed here on the IMDb page for In Cold Blood are incorrect or exaggerated. How would you shoot the "reversed" process at the beginning of the movie, while Dick and Perry drive along the bridge in Kansas. First of all, this is not even a shot of the process, the camera is actually positioned on the rear seat, and the image you see beyond the windscreen is real. A large freight truck located on the left side of Dick's Pontiac creates the illusion that it is heading back because it is moving at a higher speed but a more detailed examination will show that they are indeed ahead and it's a real shot shot from a moving vehicle. <br /> <br /> As I mentioned earlier, this is one of the ten best works of cinema in the 20th century, not recommended for the very young because of the language of the course and the implicit violence and deduced a modern film, , but a great excellent movie.
