The real crime story at the heart of the film In Cold Blood may seem a bit "tainted" for those who are dressed in classic serial killer stories (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer) or just the most notorious of Hollywood (Jens, Manson). The essential facts of the case are not complicated: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (here played by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson) have met some luck, conspired to rob a man's farm in Kansas, and after killing a family of four with a rifle and the dagger came out with $ 43. In addition to their return to the US after they fled shortly to Mexico, there is no mystery of resolution. They were trapped by an ironic mice (a policeman followed them and stopped them because they had a stolen car after Smith and Hickcock helped a boy and the old man collect the bottles for change) and were sentenced to sit next to throat until they died. The story ended in 1965. But it's about handling the story, moments of movement, shows, a simple kinematic touch that Brooks and his absolutely wonderful DP DP Conrad offer in clear black and white black and white a storytelling style that feels realistic without going into too much naturalism or too much melodrama (except perhaps for close to the end which is perfect pitch). The air of tragedy is stuck on the story, not so much because of the crimes in itself, no matter how brutal they are, as the "third" man who is conjured, as the narrator notices, by Smith and Hickcock joining, but because the inevitability of the story. You feel somehow for these criminals, who would be just conventional figures or something from a B movie. They are not good people, but they are not necessarily monsters, at least all the way through it. It's also an excellent "drum-movie," as we see Smith and Hickcock on the way down to Clutter's residence (the current scene of the crime that happens late in the movie), then in Mexico, then in America to Las Vegas. We take on the personalities of these two people, perhaps even more than those of the police detectives who at first have no ruler and eventually have a break with a detainee. In fact, it's kind of disturbing to be close to these two (something like the worthless character of Malick's Badlands), and it's also a bold sign for this period. There is no preaching, that "he did this because of this and of the other or the other". We see Smith having an abusive, psychotic father, but Smith loved him and hated him. The complexity is too big for the film, maybe too much for Capote's book (which, I should confess, I have not read yet, though I intend). And we see that Hickcock is the creature of slick confidence (ie getting the costume and other things with inappropriate controls), but without any deep-rooted explanation of all of this. Fatalism in In Cold Blood is one of the toughest in the 1960s, and it's Brooks's luck to have celebrities like Blake in top-of-the-pops performance (this and Lost Highway, quite strange , taking into account his real saga in recent years, pieces of work) and Wilson's discovery before becoming a character actor. While surrounded by fine work of support, they themselves are becoming more and more absorbed, more or less condemned by the greed and fantasies of escaping treasure and remaining far enough in their situation through death and end. Is this the moral of the story, if it could be one, that it is more terrible to confront the possibility that those who kill can not be classified, to fight well against evil? Smith apologized for his murder before being hung up and he says, "But who?" This is a story bound to give the most forced fans true bonanza cold crime and is most likely the best American film in 1967.
