Criminals Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickock think Mr. Clutter of Holcomb, Kansas, keeps a large amount of cash in his hand in a safe place. On November 15, 1959, at two o'clock, they get to kill Mr. and Mrs. Clutter and (1967) is directed by Richard Brooks.Now, I did not read the novel Truman Capote, this movie is based on, so I can not make any comparison . The movie does a brilliant job about those horrible events that have taken place. Robert Blake is excellent as Perry. Of course, Blake had his own murder case a few years ago, being accused of killing his wife. He's free now, but we still do not know the truth. What ever he might be, he's still a very fine actor. Scott Wilson does a remarkable job like Hickock. John Forsythe is great as Alvin Dewey. Stewart Stewart is very good like Jensen. Jeff Corey is great like Mr. Hickock. Same thing with Charles McGraw who plays Tex Smith. John McLiam plays Herbert Clutter, Ruth Storey is Bonnie's wife, Brenda Currin is Nancy's daughter, and Paul Hough is the son of Kenyon. Great for each of them. There is much to be remembered in this movie. from the lighter side. It's great when Perry wants to go for gold in Mexico and tells Hickock: Remember Bogart in the Sierra Madre treasures? "And Blake himself was like a boy in this movie, and it's a funny moment when they take a walk to that boy and his grandfather, collecting bottles and turning them into reimbursement money, these darker moments are the most haunting. , where you see the crimes that are happening, is extremely terrifying. When Perry goes to kill the girl, Nancy last, and she says "Oh, please, no" ... man's brutality is impossible to explain. Hickock and then Perry, first of all talking to the minister.In the last picture of the movie we see Perry hitting the end of the string.Films and books can try to sympathize with these villains.In particular Perry's character is a person with whom you may feel sorry, the mother and the father she hates, but she still loves, but it does not change that these men who portray these actors are brutal murderers who they did not feel bad for anyone. They were going to this house and had killed a whole family in cold blood. How could you sympathize with these people?
