After getting mature, my fascination with Academy Awards has evolved from an intense interest in casual fun. As with some other comments I have written, the bizarre results of the Oscar-winning vote are often difficult to explain. Omitting the movie "In Cold Blood" in 1967, as one of the five nominees of the best films, it is one of those unexplained cases, especially when one of the nominations this year was the "Doctor Dolittle" miserable and unspeakable. While only an insomniac or a masochist would be accompanied by that disaster of Rex Harrison, Richard Brook's powerful adaptation of Truman Capotes the non-fiction novel retains the ability to capture the attention of the viewer and leave him or her completely drained by the final blurring. While there is nothing particularly graphic or terrible on the screen, the film is certainly adult material. Based on a Nebraska multiple crime in the 1950s and filmed in crime scenes, "In Cold Blood" was shot by Conrad Hall in black and white and black and white, and his screen compositions require that the widescreen widescreen display be correctly viewed. Together with Quincy Jones's disturbing score, Hall's work ought to have been credited over the title with Brook's screenplay as the three pillars on which this intense classic is built. And the performance is good. Scott Wilson is a cool charm and intense introspection of Robert Blake as the two killers. (There is a joke at a time when Blake talks about Bogart and "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre," while the duo leads to Mexico. As a child, Blake sold Bogart's lottery ticket to John Huston The film, like the book, is clearly tilted to the killers and has a tilt against the death penalty, though the dissatisfaction of the killers neglects to some extent this feeling, despite the difficult scenes to watch. focuses on criminals, their backgrounds and their lives, while the Clutter family, who was literally murdered with cold blood in the middle of the night, meets as unimportant characters of low importance. This lack of balance comes from the book because Capote spent much time with the two murderers while they were dying.The Clutter family was not apparently scrutinized at the same depth.However, regardless of feelings you can have them for or against capital punishment, "In Cold Blood" will leave you terrified in conflicting thoughts. Run a double invoice with "Dead Man Walking" and stop talking for days.
