In 2006, "In Cold Blood" - a riotous thriller from 1967 - has two interesting new contexts that he did not have in the past. First and foremost, the star, Robert Blake, was recently tried for killing his wife. Second, the recent biopic winner of the Oscar, Capote, showed the back story of this author of the true story, Truman Capote. These two new twists make the movie in a timely fashion for a modern audience. As a stand-alone film of his era, "In Cold Blood" is a top start in all respects. The most notable is the stunning black and white cinema in Conrad Hall (later known as "American Beauty" and "Road to Perdition"). Many photos from this Kansas farm house movie at night or on country roads in the trees could be sold as a fine art photo. Together with the Brooks Crosa-Jack Direction and superb editing in early scenes (where we see the innocent family's everyday life to be sacrificed, beautifully interwoven with the plot of the two unhappy killers) created, setting a scene for riveting suspense even when everyone knows how all this will end because they all rely on events in real life). It's also great to see in this day and age how brilliant a scene of serious crime was set up, where the graphic nature of the act is transmitted to the subliminal viewer with a drop of blood displayed on the screen. <br /> <br /> The film is also anchored by Robert Blake's beautiful show as the more sympathetic yet brutal sense of the duo of killing. The retrospective scenes for his horrible childhood are extremely well done. Then there is the scene towards the end of the movie in which he speaks to the reverend before being sent to hanging and makes his last "confession" to say so. It is one of those classic movie moments, which is a perfect marriage of actors, a gorgeous writing, an impeccable direction and a haunting picture. I dare you to wipe out from your mind the strict image of the reflection of the rain on the window, flowing in front of the pale face of Robert Blake, instead of the current tears. The only thing that prevents "In Cold Blood" is the slow movement of the middle act in which the killers are on the blade and the forced nature of the social comment at the end. The political message of the death penalty is secondary to the convincing representation of the killers and their prey.
