Remarkable, disturbing film about real, meaningless life, a brutal murder of a family in the small town, along with the consequences and examination of the lives of the killers, Dick Hickok and Perry Smith. <br /> <br /> It does not matter how long or how this movie may look like, it still resonates the total incomprehensibility of such criminal acts. It traces many tragedies: tragedy, brutality and senseless killing the Clutter family, a decent family of families in the small town of Holcomb, Kansas; and the lost, brutal and sad life of Hickok and Smith. An interesting point is made in the film: that none of these two immature, scared, juvenile offenders ever had the intention of going through something like this alone. But together, they created a dangerous collective and murderous personality; one that fueled the needs and pathology of each. They push each other along a road to "prove" one with the other. That there were enough people to do it to do it; he does not want to be too cowardly to finish his high score; an unfortunate and dangerous rest of the desert life they led. These were two adult children, living in a world of a murderer, not to divert from the bold; who must constantly prove manhood and hardness. In this case, these needs have taken up Clutters' killing. The film contains a somewhat sentient glance at the Clutter family, but the point is made. They have been respected, legislators, people in small towns who do not deserve this terrifying fate. The film also gives us a sense of the young life of Hickok and Smith. Perry Smith, whose early life was full of safety and love, but he was horrified that alcohol had taken his family in a tragic way. Hickok, poor and left pretty much for his own devices, is unable to see how it fits, using his intelligence and his charm to conn anyone he came in contact with. An interesting, and perhaps the first, look at the capital punishment and what we hope to achieve. There is nothing more than a revenge killing for a crime that has embarrassed a nation at a time when we were not yet forced to confront fully with the fact that there might be such predators among us or if we put these guys at the end of a rope to really offer a detective to the childish and brutal posture of people like this? Is it possible to discourage people who live lives of deception, operating under the radar, believing that they sin all who come into contact with? To be discouraged, you must think that you may be caught. Is it possible to discourage these men who think they are too smart to be caught? who have committed hundreds of minor crimes and escaped with them? It should have been a "cinch", "no witness". When caught, Hickok finds that he can not arrange and convince agents like the shop clerks. Smith, who thinks he deserves such a fate anyway, who seemed to be the only one who really understood the gravity of what they had done, tells the story voluntarily when he finds out that Hickok ceded cowardly. Hickok blinked first. A stupid game of chick between two immature, emotionally and dangerously impaired people. Beautiful psychological thriller, telling a story about a terrible crime in the history of this nation. Stunning images of Robert Blake and Scott Wilson. These roles have made their career.
