Although it was launched in 1967, the chilled blood remains the reference point by which all the truly criminal movies fit. Veteran / director Richard Brooks (ELMER GANTRY) adapted Truman Capote's non-fictional book into a frightening docudrama that keeps annoying power today even thirty-five years later. Robert Blake and Scott Wilson interpret Perry Smith and Dick Hickock, two ex-cons, who, at the tip of Hickock's old roommate Floyd Wells, entered Holcomb, Kansas's home by Herbert Clutter, looking for a wall which they claimed to have contained $ 10,000. But no vault has ever been found, and the two men killed Mr Clutter, his wife and his two children, escaping with a radio, a pair of binoculars and forty dollars. Two months after launching, including an endless "holiday" in northern Mexico, they ended up in Las Vegas when the cops caught them in a stolen car. But ultimately, after the worries made by law enforcement officers in Kansas, it turns out that these two people committed this attractive murder in Holcomb. Try and convict four murder crimes, pour in jail for five years of appeals and denials until both are hanged on April 14, 1965. Blake and Smith are absolutely chilly that the two missing killers who can not figure out of what they did, but they are worried about being caught. John Forsythe also makes a good comeback as Alvin Dewey, the chief detective investigating the crime, like Gerald S. O'Laughlin as an assistant. In a tactic that is so faithful to Capote's book as well as a good artistic gambit, Brooks does not show the crimes at first; Instead, he shows that the two killers go to the house of Clutter, the last light disappears, then cut off the next morning and the awful discovery of the corpses. Only during the journey back to Kansas, when Blake is questioned by Forsythe and tells the story, we see the real horror of what happened that night. We do not see that blood is shed in these scenes, but it does not have to. The explosions of the chickens and the terrible appearance of Clutters, knowing they are about to die, are more than disturbing, so there is no need to resort to the bloody violence of the film. with a cool, black and white blood film, and the results are excellent thanks to Conrad Hall's expertise. Quincy Jones's refreshing jazz score is capper. The end result is one of the most anxious films of any kind ever made, devastating in its own fashion. It is a 134-minute study of a crime that has shaken an entire state and, indeed, a whole nation and should be seen, although the viewer's discretion is recommended; rating "R" exists for a reason.
