On the eighth day God created Georges. But, like the eighth day does not fall in the week, Georges does not fit into the modern world: he has Down syndrome and is therefore marginalized by society, gave up asylum after his mother's death four years ago. She was the only one who loved him. Harry is another man who is no longer loved. His wife left him for reasons he can not explain. He loses his love and his daughters when he arrives too late at the station to gather the two children who wanted to spend the weekend with their father. Harry is a high-ranking businessman. He knows all the rules that allow us to succeed in our modern meritocracy. But he has entered a state of crisis that reaches the climax after the loss of his daughter's love. He casts doubt on the meaning of his life, without achieving concrete results. Harry and Georges meet. At first, Harry tries to escape Georges, like everyone else. But Georges can not be shaken. And, gradually, Harry shows up how much Georges needs if he wants to overcome his identity crisis. Georges is the one who opens up a new world access to him and makes him see his life with different eyes. Friendship and human warmth take the place of calculus of struggle for success. It is no surprise that Harry can not avoid missing out on his job now. Georges helps Harry regain recognition of his daughters. Even her wife must admit that the fireworks she organized are worth seeing. However, reintegration into the old life is no longer possible. And the new one turns out to be nothing more than a dream with a time limit that will end in endlessly. The room looks at Harry and Georges from above for a long minute because they both sit in the grass, savoring the moment. But, as in this minute, it will inevitably pass, the friendship of the two men, which has appeared in such a wonderful way, will not last long. Georges is destroyed by the impossibility of love for the opposite sex, and he can see no other way than to commit suicide. Harry turns into a city tramp who asks car drivers waiting in front of the traffic light. The film describes modern meritocracy as a disastrous mechanism devouring positive values ​​such as the quality of human life or friendship. It's Georges, the Mongol, who seems to be able to show the way out of the dilemma, but unfortunately his motif comes to a bad end. However, his failure does not necessarily mean that it is impossible or unworkable to reach the aspirated goal. The way it shows us is certainly acceptable, although it requires a great deal of will and, above all, the courage to apply a radical nonconformism.
