For anyone who has a moderate sensitivity, a moderate sense of human and human condition, for anyone able to pass over Hollywood, for anyone who is happy to see a cinema that does not have a Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes series of brain sharpening by anyone or to see who enters the bed with whom, for anyone whose intellectual reach reaches an ability to understand, feel, understand, laugh CU, complain with INJUSTIBILITY TESTS COMPOUND HEAVEN HUNE, "Le Huitième Jour" For you. Jaco van Dormael did not simply make a masterpiece, which would be too simplistic; he has made one of those rare monumental works in the cinematic world that defies any kind of encapsulation. Is it a drama? Is it a comedy? No, it's Georges's story, a wonderful, funny, funny, frightening personality who suffers from Downes syndrome. It's a story that laughs at your tears, but this is not one of those classical jerks; this movie moves through a world that instantly mixes your feelings of compassion or pity or even shame with those of admiration, warmth and even love. A successful banker, Harry, struck in Georges: both were directed in opposite directions with absolutely opposing ideas, problems and priorities; van Dormael skillfully melts these two unlikely people into a warm friendship, but that is far more than the friendly friendship of those who have a beer on the road. This is a relationship that develops into a profound need for both of them for the other. The quasi-surreal scenes fit perfectly: Georges recalls (or invent) scenes of his life while he dreams or sleeps; even the final phantasmagoric final scene is totally correct. The only scene that might be considered a little off-site is when they steal a bus and take it out of the showrooms. However, this does not distract the whole. The film is a monument. Even if your French is not too much, please see it with subtitles. 'Le Huitième Jour' is worth the trouble. As for anything else, well, just read the following comments? I'm going with everyone. This movie is a joy, it is majestic, it is unique. If you've seen "Rain Man," which I think is an excellent movie, you have to look at it: it is much superior because it does not have the superficial veneer of famous Hollywood world-famous actors; has Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil? TEN oscars for these two and three more for Jaco van Dormael. Who cares????????? Yes: 11 out of 10 if the IMDb rating does not decompose under the strain. <br /> <br /> Magnifique! Chapeau!
