This film has the full size and grandeur of many of the greatest biblical epochs of the 1950s and 60s. But it is probably the first one to genuinely humanize biblical characters. The best thing is that it does not diminish them in the eyes of the viewer. This is a unique and convincing balance that helps us realize that even good people, like David, are deceived people who find their faith and majesty to deal with their defects. The actors are all the first in the Gilbert Barnett movie as the second son of David Absolom to the wonderful Susan Hayward as Bathsheba. Hayward is the best in this movie. Her true, but greater, style than that of acting is quite at home here. She is always the seducer, but she plays the role so that you sympathize with her. Raymond Massey does a great job as the prophet Nathan. As a child when I first saw the movie, Massey seemed to have even spoken with the Lord Himself and it was a wonderful sight. Undoubtedly, it was helped by the great music of the stunning Alfred Newman, who also had great successes in other biblical episodes, such as "The Robe" and "The Greatest Story Ever Told," along with 100 other films also! Cinema picture by Leon Shamroy is well done and adds to the size, but also to the intimacy of the film. Henry King, a truly understated director who, like William Wyler, has never sworn in a single genre, creates a larger production than life that does not miss the love story between David and Bathsheba and his deep struggle David with his faith in God. The track in this movie could have been very lame, but the king keeps it real and interesting all the time. In addition, we never lose the sense of mystery about trying to understand the will of God, just as David himself is struggling with the same thing. From the first scene where a soldier dies trying to save the ark from destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan's response (to paraphrase) that no one can understand the will of God. This is the journey we start at the strong end where David is finally confronted with himself. Finally, this film belongs to Gregory Peck, who is wonderful as King David. David is a man you think he could lead a ruthless country, but he was at one point a faithful singer of the psalms. This is one of his best performances. I do not see this movie on TV anymore, but when I do, I will never see it. I think it is being kept very well today.
