David and Batseba is a generous Hollywood bible produced by 20th Century Fox by Darryl F. Zanuck, directed by Henry King and starring Gregory Peck {} King David, Susan Hayward (Batseba), Raymond Massey (Nathan) Kieron Moore (Urie) and Jayne Meadows (Michal). The film is based on the second Old Testament book of Samuel in Scripture. It follows King David, who, as a child, had killed the giant Goliath and now finds him in adulthood as the second king of Israel. A tough and assured king, David has heart problems that cause great problems. For the first time, he spies Batseba a shower; bath} is the beginning of a journey involving adultery and betrayal; a journey that will end in the judgment of God, being called. <br /> <br /> Typically for the genre, David & Batseba is a great, grandiose production. From its excellent set designs because it is a positive photo of the Superb Technicolor {Leon Shamroy}, it has sufficient quality to justify sitting alongside the best genre to offer in terms of production values. Atypically, the film is sedentary and is based on the fact that 99% of its value is conducted exclusively through dialogue. This is not one for fans of action or anyone who needs some swash to go with their buckle. This is a very humanistic picture, in fact, it does not allow beating around the bustle here, is a biblical love story flecked with the sins of the heart. But this is not a bad thing at all, because breaking it down I found it is very well acting {Peck has a thing still vulnerable stoic happens real good & Hayward is pushing it to the maximum}, and be a story well-targeted with the knowledge of skill of Henry King often forgotten. And, although some of the dialogues are often urged, the character flow is never interrupted, as Phillip Dunne's Oscar-nominated screenplay (The Ghost and Mrs. Muir) gives it attention throughout the year. Sometimes a picture forgotten in terms of Biblical / Sabie & Sandals (most likely because it is a talky piece that has the heart as its main selling point), but it really deserves to be worth the time of all those interested in the most generous genres. 7/10
