I've always believed that David and Bathsheba were a Tyrone Power movie originally designed for 20th Century Fox, although Gregory Peck shows himself as King David, the monarch with a wandering eye. > A lot of biblical topics are covered in this film, adultery, ransom, sin, punishment and, in general, what God expects from his descendants. When you are king, even king in a biblical kingdom prophecy you certainly have many perceptions that are not open to us. King David has many wives, including one truly vicious in Jayne Meadows, the daughter of Saul, David's predecessor. But my eyes look at Bathsheba in the garden one evening. She seems married to Uriah Hetit, as David is for some women. Uriah is one of the captains of David's army. David sends for Bathsheba and he being the King, she came running because she had eyes on him as well. What's going on, a deal, a pregnancy, and a close death arranged for Uriah in a fight. But a totally Goddessed and known God has captured all this and not only punished David and Bathsheba, but the whole Kingdom of Israel is punished with drought, sickness and plague. The sexist law of the day wants Bathsheba to have a stony death. David shows weakness in his previous actions, but here he stands up at the plate and demands that everything be put on him. He even puts his hands on the Ark of the Covenant, which was an immediate death as seen in the film. My interpretation is that God admires courage even if you are wrong, and he leaves David and forgives them both. Bathsheba becomes Solomon's mother, and she and David are the ancestors of several successors in the divided kingdoms of Israel and Judas, until both are conquered. Susan Hayward is an old lady in Bathsheba caught in a loveless relationship with Uriah played by Kieron Moore. The only thing Moore woke up is a good fight. I liked Kieron Moore's performance as a brave and stupid back. <br /> <br /> No one can make the law like Raymond Massey. His prophet Nathan agrees with the character of John Brown whom he played in two films at the same intensity. <br /> <br /> So when his own law called to death, why God reserved Bathsheba and keeps David on the throne. Perhaps it was the fact that he simply did not want to train a third type of job. He had already replaced Saul and David. But I think that Christian interpretation might be that it was a suggestion of the future New Testament that someone could sin and receive pity if he would ask for penitentiary. I will let biblical scholars present interpretations. Watch the movie and you could come up with a whole new theory.
