Is there no lack of bad dialogue in David and Bathsheba? "I was a hand with a sling," "the King of all Israel out there in the dark, exposing himself to the enemy" (complete signs for Dennis Hooey for offering him with a straight face): "Go and sit with concubines. "And somehow I doubt that David has ever bored the prophet Nathan:" Whatever you say. "He even tries the old" My Kingdom does not understand me "routinely on the desperate Bathsheba housewife at some point. for Henry King's direction that the film is not bad at all, in spite of the traps it offers a large part of the first 3. Perhaps it is the nature of the censorship of the plot - a married man kills a deadly feminine husband and moves away from him! but the king points out the moral and theological complexity in Phillip Dunne's scriptures instead of raising hokum's sin and sandals. This is David, in conflict, on the descending, abandoned slope by a vengeful God he no longer understands, and the film does not depart from the uncontrollable questions about what a loving deity would choose to avenge revenge rather than innocent than guilty. It even gives a really surprising critique of the sexual inequality of the law, where the lack of husbands results in the punishment of their wives. Unlike King David, who has marginalized the King in favor of most of Saul's interesting, David is firmly at the center of drama and despite an interesting shoulder twist and a glorious sincerity when he visits Saul's website and the death of Jonathan, Gregory Peck's performance grows as great as David's drops. Susan Hayward is pro pro hollywood pro, Raymond Massey is a suitable theatrical prophet (why be naturalist when you have a voice that even makes the quake sky?) And the giant Kieron Moore, an unreconstructed chauvinist unreconstructed that you can not blame David for that they threatened him, but despite the fact that he threatened to fail, the film did not allow David to get out of prison from prison. With a surprisingly powerful but subtle design and Technicolor photo, it's certainly a cut above the majority of the 40s-50 bible. <br /> <br /> Fox's new DVD is a good transfer, including an incredibly "funny" scenario behind the short scene and a short-haul trailer removed from the movie's only battle scene.
