This film is renowned for several qualities: an alphabetical scenario, Philip Dunne's partial religious films, some very good performances, a prime production in each department, and intelligent direction of veteran Henry King. If someone makes a movie then Leon Shamroy's talent as a screenwriter, Lyle Wheeler artistic, and Alfred Newman as original music composer would guarantee a quality production. Add the cast of this movie, including James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and John Sutton as well as Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward as well as Gwen Verdon's dances. made in something special. But in a biblical subject, usually a sub-genus prone to illogical motivations and miraculous interventions, everything would ultimately depend on the author's abilities. Philip Dunne offered human beings, a rare achievement in biblical films. David is a man in this multilateral film, not someone doing mythical facts on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes him curious, passionate, self-controlled, self-deprecating and appealing. Regarding Bathsheba, Hayward is just the perfect choice, but it transmits much of the common ground and emotional normality that helps you understand why the King of Israel would risk so much for her. The cast cast is steadfast and capable of its turn. The familiar story gives them little to do, but the author Dunne and the cast make as much as possible with human situations. David's young people are told in retrospect; as chosen by a Prophet of the LORD as the King of Israel, and wins the way of being the second to the king, Saul, defeating Goliath the Fihistian in battle, when all the others fear the beard of the giant warrior. Afterwards, he is finally condemned from the court of King Saul of Israel, becomes a famous warrior and returns to claim the kingdom and become the instrument of the death of Jonathan, the son of the king, a former friend. His war is successful - the film opens, in fact, with a successful scene; but his life is empty, because Michal's wife, Jayne Meadows, is Saul's daughter and is cold for him. He returns to Bathsheba, whom he sees from the roof of the empty palace; later recognizes that he hopes to see it. But he has a husband, Uriah; when it becomes pregnant, it becomes necessary for Uriah to come out of the battlefield and spend time at home; he asks David to put him at the head of the fight, even after he was excited by Verdon's dance. David agrees. He is killed, a hero of war; but it does not solve the problem of infidelity. Drought comes to Israel, and the King's infidelity is the fault of this phenomenon. Finally, David puts his hands on the Ark of the Covenant, recently brought to Jerusalem and housed in a temple that caused the death of others who accidentally came into contact with him, inviting his god to punish him - and nothing happens ... David comes out of the temple and finds out that the rain has reached its planted land. This movie is always interesting, varied in its way of scenes and physically beautiful. The director and the author make use of the observer principle and are more sincerely successful in humanizing the characters than in almost any film outside the Greek-canon - Near East, in which the act is a little easier, since no miraculous themes such as adventures. . Well-remembered for its brilliant achievement, fine performance and intelligent dialogue, this dramatic effort has a repeated study.
