For some, this biblical movie is a story of judgment and condemnation ... Others see it as a story of grace, restoration, and hope ... Is it really so? Henry King illustrates the portrayal of a powerful monarch, almost destroyed by his passion, by the downward spiral of sin and his ascending healing rise. "David and Bathsheba" is an emotional film full of memorable living characters who acquire mythical status as they preserves mankind ... Henry King deals with the Story of Strong Story, skillfully ... David, the "Lion of Judah," the walls of Rabga, saves the life of one of his faithful Uriah warriors (Kieron Moore) and returns in Jerusalem ... Back in his yard, his first wife complains of negligence and offends him for being a son of a shepherd, making himself distinguished that he was the daughter of King Saul ... One evening and while walked on the terrace of his palace, which obviously had a common view of the neighborhood, David's eyes happened to join a young man who took a refreshing dip ... He was beautiful and attracted David could not take his eyes off her ... We find out later that he is the wife of an officer ... Send her for her, find she is unhappy in her marriage ... From this point, it's obvious that David's intentions go from the interest of taking Bathsheba as a wife, simply taking Bathsheba ... As usual, sin had the consequences and David did not plan this possibility. . When drought escapes the earth and there is a threat of famine, David suspects that the Lord punishes him and his people for his sin ... But when Bathsheba tells her she is pregnant and fears she can be stoned in accordance with the law of Moses, David tries to cover up his sin ... He sends the word of Joab, the commander of his army, and orders him to send to him the husband of Bathsheba ... David did something that was abominable before God. He sends the man to the front line in case he was killed ... the soldier is really killed and David marries his lover Bathsheba in royal splendor ... God punishes them on the couple when Bathsheba's mother dies immediately after birth ... Meanwhile, a strong famine spread all over the land, and the Israelites - led by Nathan - blame the King for their situation ... Shotgun and calls for Bathsheba to pay for her sin ... Peck plays the role of compassionate king, whose desperate desire exceeded her good sense and integrity. Hayward like Bathsheba, is a sensitive woman who begins to believe that any the disaster that occurs in her life is the direct result of her adultery ... The sequence of the bath that could have been a wonderful moment in Bible history is wrong and the eyes of the viewers are briefly led to Hayward's face and shoulder ... Raymond Massey appeared as Nathan The Prophet, sent by God, reprimands David after his adultery with Bathsheba; Gwyneth Verdon is Queen Michal who tries to resist the ambition and greed that have become an integral part of David's personality and king; the former idol on screen, Francis X. Bushman, had a short part as King Saul ... The best moments of the movie were: The bow on his way to his permanent home when God breaks a young soldier trying to reach the object sacred; the defining moment in David's life when he confesses his sin and is ready to accept the death penalty; and for the highlight of the movie, inserting it as a flashback, David remembers his struggle with giant Goliath ... With a gorgeous colorful photo and a great musical score, David and Bathsheba have won Oscar nominations in the following categories: Score Music, Direction of Art and Set, Cinema, Story and Scenario, Costume Design ..
