Without being a fan of the first person shooters I was very hesitant to play this game. After I played the demo, I was still sold. "Undying" really manages to get you into the game and be part of the universe where your character is. You have this green amulet called "Gel'ziabar Stone" that has special powers and warns you about certain events or things look at. With a special "scrye" spell, you can see certain things that would otherwise be invisible to you. Going to a hallway, you suddenly heard the magical stone whisper: "Look," with the stone shining, for example, a painting. Then, using the scrye spell, you can see some strange and horrible stuff of painting. Let me tell you to confess something like that is scary. People who expect to complete this game in a few hours can forget about it even with the use of cheats. This game is based on character that uses intelligence and moves carefully. Because, as in any horror movie, the surroundings are usually quite dark. And ghosts and monsters happen at random when you do not expect and can kill you very quickly. There is this scene in which you want to enter a room where you are pushed back with such great force that it takes moments to figure out what happened. This was a scene that could have come straight from the classic horror "Evil Dead"! Experimenting something like this is a real achievement. There are a lot of elements that take "Undying" to the level of the best classic horror films ever made. But, unfortunately, I have to report that there are some flaws. For one thing, the universe you play in is giant. Start in a large mansion with all sorts of hidden, hidden rooms and even a hidden size of hell called "Oneiros". That's good at the beginning. But with all loading times and difficult enemies among those who can become frustrated. And there is no map. The game asks you to memorize your surroundings. So patience is needed. There are also some jumping puzzles you have to do, otherwise you can not progress. I do not mind jumping on the platforms in the third person adventures. But in the first person mode it can be an annoying task. Fortunately, you can save it anytime, anytime. And believe me you'll need it. In general, Undying is an extraordinary shooter for the first person to be played by any horror or game fan.
