As an anti-soccer person, I (on the surface) furiously took my younger brother to see this movie, although I secretly hoped it might be the East is the East II. Trailers seemed fun, so I thought I'd give it a way. It lasted about ten minutes, but after that I was stuck on the screen and that had nothing to do with neck cramps caused by sitting too close to the front because of a packed salon. The actress was fresh and vibrant, the characters involved, and the jokes are really funny. The whole audience laughed aloud every minute. Football fan or no football fan, sport became irrelevant to the main principles of love, friendship, family, independence and rivalry. Add a rupture of Sikh culture and have the formula for the best British comedy I have seen for a long time, dare to say .... better than the East is East. together beautifully in a wonderful rhythm that no longer live on anything more than necessary and leaves nothing unfinished, keeping the spectator entertained and mentally involved. Though it's not a characteristic twisting and twisting film, there are some pleasant surprises on the road and things do not always happen the way you would expect. Saying that there were elements of predictability, but they were satirically exploited more than used as script filters. I suppose that, depending on your special preference for happy endings, you could be delighted / abandoned to the end. Personally, if there were any other result, I would have written a powerful writing written to script writers. As for the actors, I would have to say that Juliet Stevenson (Paula) put the best performances. I never knew there were such people, but her realism with sometimes bizarre concepts convinced me that it was possible! The award for the most unconvincing (of the main characters) goes unfortunately to Kiera Knightley (Jules), but she does not misunderstand me, even she has provided great performance, it's just that someone must be the last of the best and I'm sorry Kiera, this time you are. Tip: Do not leave before credits. Once the lights came back, I realized that perhaps I should not have seen the movie. My beloved, but forgotten, Ice Junkie melted into a blue juice. Oh, what I say was absolutely wonderful and I can not recommend it enough. I will definitely buy it when it comes out and I will add it to my collection of 3 videos. I'm a student. I just spit if it's worth it.
