My scalp still smells of coal burning on it when I swore I like this movie. Bring on coals; I'll go over them to say again that I like "Bend It Like Beckham." Granted, there is a lot of "in spite" in this confession. It's a small film of the week; the scenario is on the paint side by numbers. And, most disturbingly, the director's comment implies that in this film beauty can be found primarily among the white skin color. The genius of the film is not what is obvious to the Sydney Field eye: arcs of characters, themes, construction. It is both in the surface and in the depths, but not in those layers of artistic earth that revisionists seem to scratch most often. Strong female bodies, sometimes semi-dressed, not just on the display, but hitting soccer balls, do a better job of naturalizing women's strength and agility than Lara Croft or Zhang Ziyi will do. These are real organisms (except Keira Knightley), whose task is not to first look great and kick later. They are working bodies whose beauty is in their movement and self-determination. And in my book, the lead actress Parminder Nagra is one of the most beautiful creatures ever captured on the screen? not only because the adjective can be claimed to be "bright", but because its performances have an honest and unoccupied intelligence that is absolutely convincing. The result is a movie that women can rejoice without feeling as if they are making a pact with the devil to do so. As in Chadha's "Bride and Prejudice", women's relationships are jumping with a chemistry that can not be dressed as "best friends" or "sisters." Perhaps Chadha is even right in her commentary to disadvantage the film's flirting with lesbianism. "Bend It Like Beckham" has an electric power that can not be reduced to the simple hetero / homosexual love triangle that will suggest its conventionally structured screenplay. The exact nature of his pleasure is, in the end, a bit of mystery? and it is all the more seductive for that. Oh, yeah, and I mentioned it's hilarious?
