The saddest thing about this movie is that only 8 people are careful to leave a review of it and NO-ONE felt it deserves leaving a comment on the message boards. Made the same year as Philadelphia ... Tom Hanks Oscar winner ... this is the movie people should have seen and give him awards. There is more humanity, life, love, sensitivity and beauty in these two people than in almost any other homosexual film I've seen ... and it's true. For this to be printed, I have to leave a few lines of text: it is enough to say that whoever CREAT really knows how to be homosexual in the 1960s and '70s and understand exactly what AIDS was like before of modern drug cocktails "allowed people to breathe slightly easier ... this is the movie to see. Oh, and I will add a personal comment about AIDS. In fact, when AIDS first came, it was called "homosexual cancer," and governments preferred to "let die" rather than spend a red cent on research to help save a bunch of honeycombs, then it became clear that AIDS would also be a heterosexual illness, but the government was not ready for that, so when righteous people got sick too, the only organizations and their associates (such as: The name project: the quilt that memorized all those who died of AIDS, Act Up etc.) The result is that people who probably did not come into contact with homosexuals in their ordinary life, they suddenly woke up on their basis and needed them because there were no other organizations. This close contact, in my opinion, is what ultimately broke the barriers of prejudice and allowed the righteous world to eventually accept homosexuals as equal. When AIDS first came to the stage, many of us believed that the right people would use it as a way to come even further on us ... and that it would probably have been true if the rights were not suddenly sick; however, the steps taken to liberate homosexuals - by the time I write this, there are at least five countries in the world that accept homosexual marriage - these gains would probably have taken much longer without us brings AIDS together. It is sad to believe that all those people - both righteous and gay - had to die before our common humanity became more obvious - but if what I write here is true and I think it is - then there is a little comfort to be aware that all those people did not die in vain.
