"Dragonlord" sees Chan returning to his "Dragon" role from "Young Master." Not many things have been passed since the first movie. The "tiger", his older brother, can not be seen; neither Marshall, his daughter or son played brilliantly by Yuen Biao in the original film. But Dragon has the same master - probably all the other students have moved to other things. (Dragon's lazy training is portrayed long in this film, so perhaps he is still studying!) Originally titled "Young Master in Love," this film sees Dragon (for the first sixty minutes at least) following a girl villager in various idiotic ways and robbery. Her rival for her affection is his boyfriend (inappropriately called "Cowboy") played comic by the old Chan Stunt member, Mars. We see different scenes where their foolish systems overturn. It's one of those scenes that we (fortunately) find the "Dragon" over our heads. This movie is notorious for failing box office expectations. That being said, I'm sure the expectations were high enough, and I think this film has never had a fair trial based on its merits. But even when I try to do this, I still feel there is a problem with the movie. It seems quite unfocused, sometimes rushed and I think the action is too sporadic and not as brilliant as other works of Chan from this period. The thing that saves the movie is the end of the sequence. As in the "Master Master," there is a fantastic final drum that is incredibly tedious action - you really feel any shot. Again, Chan rises against the same rival from the "Young Master" (is the same character?), And the time and energy here are brilliant. Chan's style of using every last piece of his environment to defeat his opponent - not just based on pure physical ability - is as apparent as anywhere else. The barn he is battling is full of small gags and smart improvisations. This is an absolute climax of the film and one of Chan's incredible career. It is not necessary to see the prequel before seeing "Dragonlord", in fact, it could raise even more questions than what he hopes to Answer. But we have to say that the original movie is the top film, and the "Dragonlord", with the focus on the girl and the pursuit of team sport, seems to be confusing. Fortunately, some of the battle scenes he offers (plus a fantastic shuttle-cock scene) push him on the line like a movie like that.
