This film must be seen in the right frame of mind. First, the father-son central relationship makes it quite clear that the movie was intended as a prequel for his Wong Fei Hung movie "Drunken Master" (ideas from the film "Drunken Master II") and not "Young Master" ; that Chan withdrew from this plan and renamed the characters to indicate that he himself was not convinced that the material reunited properly and, indeed, the film conveys a feeling of being incomplete, for example, the romantic relationship around which the half return is left completely suspended at the end of the movie. The "young master" of the same period also feels underdeveloped, but at least all of his central wires are linked at one end. the characters trying to find their central theme, just to give up the effort, possibly because of time and budget. Or maybe the movie is just too ambitious. This is an important film in Chan's career, because he is committed to developing himself from the central character above all other preoccupations - that's why there is such a lack of kung fu in the whole movie. Chan wants to make a historic romantic comedy, which just happens to have kung fu in it. But both the historical element and the romantic element meet a little more than the plot. <br /> <br /> That leaves us with the comedy. Since Chan's concern is character development, comedy is largely determined by character - as in the conflict between Chan's character and his best friend, an argument about a girl. But there is a lot of sparkles. Frankly, I find the comedy fun enough to forgive the incompleteness of the plot. This film is an effort by Chan to find a viable formula that he can use and develop over time. It does not work at all, and Chan finds this formula only after abandoning the historical elements of his previous films, making the action comedy "Police Story". But the return to see this movie is still very informative about how Chan worked his way through the historical genre, and perhaps why he abandoned it.
