Despite the fact that Louis B. Mayer was not interested in signing the young Greta Garbo to a contract, this first American film and MGM for the actress seemed quite beautiful. It is obvious that the film has been attributed to an amazing talent to film production and create matte paintings because it has all the beauty and the pleasant art you would expect from the best pictures that the studio could produce. It just looks beautiful - even 84 years later. As for Garbo himself, like other early American movies, she also looks different. While she's pretty recognizable, her makeup is softer than it would be just a year later - giving her a less severe look and a gentleness about her that you just did not see in her subsequent films. I would like to keep this aspect, but considering how famous it would be with the brand's look, who should say that she should not have walked that route ?! The film is about Garbo and how her and her family are unjustly forced from their land by the landlord. While she, Doina Bernarda, claiming that the bank asked for the payment, is because her son fell for Garbo - and what better way to get rid of her than to force them on the streets! Nice lady, right? Years go by and until now Garbo has become a new singing sensation, which is renowned throughout the world. When she returns to her town years later, her old boyfriend (who promised to marry her but will come out when his mother, Doña Bernarda, refused to accept her) sees her. His new love for another lady is now being tested - will he be content to marry this lady who is the heir of an immense wealth of pigs or will he want the old flame? And, more importantly, Garbo will take him back, after he has done so without the back? Meanwhile, a huge rain blow. The realm begins to soften and the houses are swept away by the flood. Cortez and a friend make a crazy craze when the dam break! In a scene where, obviously, they overlapped his boat over the cascade well, it finally makes him alive and in the house where Garbo is now. She greeted them in and stay with her until the storm passes. Then he recognizes that he still loves her and has faced the storm to make sure he is safe. She tells her to get lost! Then you see Ricardo about marrying his second choice, the daughter of the pig king. He obviously has little enthusiasm for that - and you're sorry for the lady because he did not do anything wrong. Soon, Cortez is seen as wandering back to Garbo's home - he is loved by love and needs it. In this scene, Garbo is bright enough and can not tell him to leave - as he dissolves in the other's arms. Once again, he tells him about his love for her. When Doña Bernarda finds out, she is not happy. Obviously, a pig queen is a better trap than an internationally known singer. Because of the mixing of this old cousin, Garbo leaves - who does not want to come between his mother and her terrible son. But Cortez is running - he announces that he must have it and will not rest until he has a wife. Moments after this proclamation, a family friend talks to Cortez and persuades him to give up for good for his career and reputation. So much because "he will not rest till he has his wife", huh ?! Despite the fact that Cortez is a woman crossed, for some reason, she can not make him hate him. And so he marries the Queen of Pig and lives a dull life. Some years later, Garbo meets Cortez again, he is a middle-aged man - while he is as beautiful as ever. And, it's not surprising, she tells her once again to get lost. At the time of this film, Garbo was not a star in the US and was Cortez. So, in the light of these things, it is surprising that they gave Cortez a character that can not be played. Instead of their usual confident role in Valentino's role, they had given it, here is an undead madman - a rude man. And, henceforth, his career was on a slow spiral down. As for Garbo, the role helped her set up as a big star - she was the center of the film and played a character similar to her subsequent characters. As for the movie, because it was very cute, though it was repeated. Strangely, the print was almost perfect throughout the year, except for the interweigh cards - which could use some restoration. A very pleasant film - built with expertise, full of mind and worth seeing. And for one of the few moments I can think of it, I have no real complaints in this excellent movie.
