The Torrent movie was the first and last for Greta Garbo. It was her first American film produced at MGM, the only US studio she'd ever worked on. It was also the last time someone else was billed over her in credits, which was her leading man Ricardo Cortez. Torrent is based on the work of Vicente Blasco Ibanez, the popular writer Entre Naranjos. It refers to a pair of inappropriate lovers, Garbo and Cortez, who can not meet quite a lot, mainly because of the work of Cortez's mother, Marta Mattox. <br /> <br /> Mattox is a bad woman who has some ideas about who she should marry her son. Remember this is Spain and such arranged marriages were still quite right in those times. Mattox has in mind Gertrude Olmstead as a nora, she is the descendant of Mack Swain, a man rich in pig breeding. Swain offers some moments of comical relief with his delicate preoccupation for piglets before growing up in older large pigs to be slaughtered. Blasco Ibanez had previous novels The four horsemen of the apocalypse and the blood and sand previously shot with Rudolph Valentino at the forefront. It might have been interesting if Valentino had done it with Garbo, but maybe it was beyond the movie when it was done. In any case, one of Valentino's fans, Ricardo Cortez, deals with male lead. One reason why Valentino did not want this movie is that clearly the main character is Garbo, unlike the other two works mentioned above. When he died of Cortez, who does what Mattox and her counselor Tully Marshall tell her, she leaves Spain and goes to France, where she becomes a great opera star. And she pretty much drives scandalous life out there. When he returns to Spain and tries to re-create things, Mattox is even more angry. She has a political career in her mind for her son. Cortez now runs for the Spanish Parliament, which is curiously called Cortes. <br /> <br /> The title refers to a flood and a dam that causes all sorts of disasters in rural areas. Cortez, in fact, braves Torrent into a boat trying to save Garbo from evil. When they meet, they have a brutal and sincere discussion, the brutality that comes from Garbo. The special effects here, primitive, though they seem now, are quite remarkable for their time. They look very similar to those used in the 20th Century Fox film The Rains Came, which appeared in 1939 and won an Oscar for Special Effects. Unfortunately for Torrent it came out a year before Oscar made his debut. I will not finish anything, so you have to watch the movie to see if Cortez and Garbo meet together at the end. Garbo has earned earnest reviews for her performance, and in an era where exaggerated gestures were the norm in the act of silent cinema, she was remarkably subtle in her role. So she would be the rest of her career, she had a remarkable face for closeups. Although Greta Garbo would move on to work much better than Torrent, this film is still a good debut for her on the big American screen and is very good for today's audience.
