MGM did not know how to sell Garbo when he first came to Hollywood. Mayer had a lot of confidence in her and her appearance in "Torrent" justified this. She did not speak an English word, so it was hard to work, too, Ricardo Cortez did not do it very easy for her. The strength of the title is the river Juscar that winds through a small village in Spain. Leonora (Greta Garbo) hopes one day her voice will bring great riches and happiness to her struggling parents. Leonora and Don Rafael (Ricardo Cortez) are in love, but they are under the finger of her mother and can not make her accept marriage. Meanwhile, Dona Brull (Martha Mattox) evacuated Leonora's parents from home and sent Leonora to Paris, hoping to give her a chance to continue her career as a singer. Leonora sends a note to Rafael, urging him to remember his promise and come with her. His mother is angry and forbids him to go - so of course he gave up at her request. Leonora has a new identity - she became La Brunna, the toast of the Paris Opera. Raphael turned out to be the way his mother wished - he's in charge of the office and he's courting a "safe" young woman, Remedios (Gertrude Olmstead), who is a "pig" heir. Mack Swain plays her father's role. Leonora decides to visit her old house, and I agree - why she did not help her mother out. Her mother still lives in the family home, working like a skivvy and taking a wash. Leonora and Rafael meet, but Leonora is ridiculous. Garbo is so delightfully beautiful, it's hard to believe he might be pleased with Remedios. The dam is bursting and the torrent floods the city. Leonora's house is on the way of a frightening river, but when Rafael tries to save her, finds out that he is safe. Then he reappeared his love. There is a "horizontal" scene of love in this movie, very similar to "Flesh and the Devil". Dona Brull gossips about how Leonora got his fortune, and Leonora's mother believes her and tells Leonora to leave. Rafael meets Leonora just before he is on America's journey. Again she intends to go with her, but leaves her again. He spends so much time listening to other people, destroying his reputation - "what he does for you, but he will pull you down." The irony is that he just got a superior government job for him if he comes with her. They meet again, years later - is as fresh and vibrant as ever - he looks older than his years, leaning on mediocrity. It's certainly a good movie, with a positive message to follow your heart. <br /> <br /> Lucien Littlefield does a good job as Leonardo's old and faithful cupid, barber and friend. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
