I was given the opportunity to see the 1926 movie in a restored magnificent theater that was once part of the vast Paramount chain of houses in Vauville. This Paramount has a "Mighty Wurlitzer" also magnificently restored - which has been used to accompany the silent films of the day. We were lucky enough to have Dennis James, a key figure in the international revival of silent films at Mighty Wurlitzer, music and theatrical compositions that fit the action of the film. Printing was an almost perfect digital copy of the negatives negative from the point of view of nitrates, and the whole experience was a once in a lifetime chance of seeing a silent film as it was intended to be seen. was the first American film by Greta Garbo. He was only 20 years old, but already had six Swedish accounts. It's somehow ironic that this is a silent film about an opera star; even though Mighty Wurlitzer added tremendously to mission-en-scenes, it was necessary to leave much for imagination. Does modern audience, for the most part, not understand silent films? The action was different then, with expansive gestures and wide facial expressions. So, audience laughs at inappropriate moments? the act is seen as "hammy" and outdated? but it was simply the style of the period. Garbo, with all her subtlety, did much to inaugurate the new era of acting: she could say more with a half-closed eye and the volumes could be read in a downward look or shrugged. It exemplifies the truism that "a picture is worth a thousand words." Even though this is Garbo's first American film, it's pretty obvious that the studio knew what they had in their hands: It was the MGM movie at it's best. The sets and costumes were magnificent. The special effects? which standards today are quite weak? were still electrifying and amazing. The script of Vicente Blasco Ibanez (from Entre Naranjos' novel) seems to be customized for Garbo; she presents her strengths, she increases her wealth, and has no difficult linguistic problem: a Swedish actress can play a Spanish temptation without a suspicion of mistrust on our part. Her co-star was the MGM answer to Rudolph Valentino: Ricardo Cortez. He does an admirable job and has done something that a few romantic stars of the day would have ever done in a movie: to leave himself unhappy, to look stupid and to become old in a great way. Are there some pretty good characters that are more than just acting properly? especially when you consider the power that was Garbo. Notable among them are Lucien Littlefield as "Cupido" and Martha Mattox as "Doña Bernarda Brull". Then was an extraordinary cinema, William H. Daniels, Garbo? have made 20 movies together. (He was the cinematographer on 157 films, and his career lasted for five decades!). He managed to capture his ethereal beauty, and his photograph was primarily responsible for the moniker that became known: The Divine Garbo. Without its magnificent abilities it would not have been the success it was. Seeing this movie is a very rare occasion: if you ever have the chance, do not miss it.
