Review: Zandalee is a young woman who is feeling more and more through marriage to Thierry. Thierry himself struggles with his father's death last year and has lost his way. He sank into work, got out of writing, and Zandalee desperately loses his attraction. Here comes Johnny and Thierry's old friend, who once were artists in exile together. But Johnny continued to paint and he just had a day job for rent. He takes the day when he comes and departs tomorrow in his destiny. There is a brutal attraction between Zandalee and Johnny and enters an adventure. But Zandalee is struggling with her desire to be desired and the conscience and love for her husband. But none of them, not Zandalee, not Johnny and not Thierry can stop the relationship between them to retreat completely out of control. Comments: It's set as a thriller. But maybe more a heart thriller than a normal thriller that refers to life and death and to the threat of violence. Not that a thriller of heart can not take fatal proportions, but the threat comes from a different angle. And it's not until the second half of Zandalee until the thriller appears and even if the foundation for it is put in the first half of the year, I can not describe the genre as a thriller. Much more a romantic drama than anything else, but with the basic currents of other genres. The developing thriller is there, but it also has more than a little shade of a sensual erotic sense. Because that's what it's about, what leads the characters and, therefore, the whole story. Desire. The need to have the need to be. In my opinion, it is pretty good, certainly a lot better than its current rating (4.1) anyway. It takes time, but a good sense of suspense grows, and deals with the erotic side very well, tastefully. It's always an integral part of the story, it was supposed to be there to tell the story that it takes weight and I never felt it an excuse to show an empty chest or something like that. But unfortunately, the climax of the story comes long before the end, and the end itself feels rather flat, though in its own way, a kind of drama. The cast is impressive with the pinnacles of some well-known actors Nicholas Cage and Judge Reinhold. But the show is almost completely stolen by Erika Anderson. Beautiful and very skillful to act on the sometimes subtle feelings of desire, she excels both on Cage and on Reinhold, sometimes running a boat overboard and becoming a bit rough. Her career then is too thin for her talent in Zandalee, I can only hope it is because of her own choices. Also, two personal preferences appear in small roles that offer an extra edge to the film, including Steve Buscemi and Joe Pantoliano. When you are in good shape, this is a very good movie, it could have used another purpose to get the credit it really deserves. <br /> <br /> 7/10
