I saw today "New York: I love you" and I loved it! I was really looking forward to seeing this after seeing "Paris je t'aime" and generally I think I liked it much better ... Perhaps I have to look at "Paris je t'aime" in I do not know again .. I read some of the reviews here about NY: ILY and yes, the film is not without mistakes. When you pay tribute to a city like New York - it can be quite overwhelming and nothing seems fair enough to make the city because of justice ... so without elaborating any of the shortcomings of the movie, I will only write about what I am like "Paris je t'aime," in which the short film of each director has been segmented and properly called, NY: ILY is not many commentators here have found the shortcomings of the stories and the overlapping characters here annoying and even confused. I thought otherwise. I liked how the story was just flowing one after the other and I liked the character overlap - it could be gimmick because it's so often done in the movies now. But I liked it because I did not feel forced. And the idea that we are all connected to the end has a humorous and even capricious quality - which some might find, but it seems beautiful to me. I liked all the movies, but the one that touched me most was one by Yvan Attal with Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. It was so well-behaved and scenarious that finally revealing - again, unused in the past - brought me to tears and wept over the whole segment that followed. I've always liked Wright Penn and now I'm a fan of Chris Cooper. The precious ones a few seconds when he was alone outside the restaurant just before being called - I talk about the volume about Cooper's ability to convey a character just by being there without saying anything. Most of the stories in this film involve characters who meet each other for the first time or meet each other only recently, except for 4-5 stories where the characters have known each other for a long time. It seemed to me (and I might be wrong) that the stories were different, but they were all trying to lead the point, even the need, to come back and see in a new light the people and the things I knew in our lives for a long time; to see the people and things around you with the eyes of a stranger and appreciate them exactly as you did when you met them and saw them for the first time. The other films I liked were by Shunji Iwai with Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, Natalie Portman with Carlos Acosta and Taylor Geare, Brett Ratner with Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirlby, Shekhar Kapur with Julie Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt and once again with Yvan Attal with Ethan Hawke and Emilie Ohana when they're in the cafe. I really have to see more work by Yvan Attal because I think he likes it a lot! <br /> <br /> In general, watch this movie with an open mind. Do not read reviews before tracking it! I may not be able to meet your expectations about what should be a movie about love in New York and I doubt that a movie will really live up to this conception. Just watch this movie for good music, beautiful landscaping cinema, slice comfort and a story or two that could only draw your hearts.
