New York, I Love You finally arrives at our shores, but the 10 short stories about love have not found enough reason to be released on Valentine, perhaps because this year's festival falls on the Lunar New Year. with which LNY's regular films, such as Jackie Chan (no, not The Spy Next Door) and local director Jack Neo, have traditionally released his latest film at that time for the resounding success. So why fix a formula that has not been broken? Continuing in the concept of Paris, Je T'aime has begun to create the City of Love franchise (Shanghai will be the next, so say the end of the closing credits here), the noise here is certainly about intercourse stories set in one of the cities of the world to allow different interpretations from movie makers everywhere to come up with love-based stories as a theme, though someone has forgotten to tell Scarlett Johansson some of the finest points in the rules of the sandy field, and her short one was abandoned forever in the theater because he could not fit anything else (well, he was shot in black and white) but here he hopes he will do this on DVD at least. Structurally, this series is less compartmentalised compared to its predecessor, which, if memory serves me as having individual stories set within its limits and never really breaking the artificial boundaries created. Here is a greater freedom in which characters from different stories interact in short segments of fill used to scatter scenes together and not just in the exclusive dependence of picking up pictures of buildings and landscapes in the hope of doing things looks a little more serendipitous with the idea of ​​occasional encounters between strangers, although a story has craftitized this mentality for his own narrative to offer a surprise, although already seen in Paris. One of the top picks to sit in a movie like this is definitely the creative forces behind the stories, from writers, directors and cinemas of different geography and environments that reflect the makeup of the cosmopolitan city, coming together for a concept movie. And what else does the star, with big names among the least known, which raise the ante through perfect performances, either for the entire length of the short, or as a support to build it. You can not refuse the original star who looked at grateful people, from Irrfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who also had writing and guidance duties), Rachel Bilson (like Bardot) to Spielberg's blue eye, Shia LaBeouf, who surprisingly acts and shows more in a few minutes from here than his entire filmography to date. The wise story, like any anthology, will find some that will automatically be called to you and others that do not. Some are of direct nature, while others have to come up with frightening twists that work happily. But these 10 stories plus 1 (because Randall Balsmeyer was given the task of integrating everything together to have a more organic feel, instead of just taking pictures of lesser-known areas and set milestones) (Christ's love for someone with a vampire?), or even less adventurous with his narrative style (Christopher Doyle and Tom Tykwer with Natalie Portman. "Here it seemed that the directors chose a lot for safety without venturing into that spirit of adventure and experiment." Minor quibbles aside, I still enjoyed almost all the shorts here, contrary to what many others felt The format of the short film is still very vivid, and by putting it in a feature under the City of Love banner works well and I left to ask what other cities are or have been included in its range. I hope the franchise can catch up and spread its influence here. Of course, we have a lot of prolific filmmakers to collect together a Singapore, I love you, so it crosses my fingers that maybe something will materialize on the way. Otherwise, there is always the Sawasdee Bangkok route to do just without attachments to the rules of the franchise house.
