Bonanza had a great cast of wonderful actors. Lorne Greene, Pernell Whitaker, Michael Landon, Dan Blocker and even Guy Williams (as the cousin who was brought up for several episodes in 1964 to replace Adam when he left the series). The cast had chemistry and they seemed to feel really like each other. That made many of the worst stories work much better than they should have. They also made many of their best stories in dramatic Western drama. Like any show that has been filmed over thirty episodes each year, they are forced to be weak. However, in most cases, each episode had an interesting story, a kind of conflict and a resolution that usually does not include violence. While Bonanza was a West, fighting with weapons was never seen as the main attraction. While I'm a fan of The Rifleman and Wanted: Dead or Alive; these performances have usually ended with a struggle. Gunfights were how many Western soldiers solved each conflict, and Bonanza was very different in trying to seek peaceful resolutions and harmony instead of killing. In the early years of Bonanza, there are some interesting episodes that feature a lot of fighting. These episodes are in contrast to the rest of the series, but they are pretty good in themselves. In 1964, when Pernell Whitaker wanted to leave the show, Guy Williams was brought to replace him. Williams played the role of a long lost cousin. Unfortunately, Whitaker decided to stay for another year, and Williams was removed from the series when he moved to marry Adam's old girlfriend. If Williams remained in Bonanza, we can only wonder how much the series would have been better in the years after 1965, when Pernell Whitaker left the show. Undoubtedly, once the Pernell Whitaker series, stories were more focused on comedy and country robberies. Whitaker often played heavy in many episodes, and his absence left a gap in the draw. Little Joe always wanted to play the beautiful baby and Hoss always wanted to play the old boy with a golden heart. Since Ben was the good and wise patriarch of the family, this did not leave much room for fighting. At one point they hired a ranch hand named Candy (David Canary), who became their fourth member in the play, but Candy was never shown in battles and was just an older version of Little Joe . For a year or two, Ben had other lost summers (Jamie, played by Mitch Vogel forgotten), a teenager who had usually been in some kind of trouble with someone. Apparently by adding the teenager, the studio wanted to attract younger viewers. It also gave writers the chance to write episodes about adolescence, alcohol, delinquency, etc. These episodes of sermons were popular in the 1960s as a reaction of media institutions to counter-culture. Dragnet was probably the most popular TV source of law and order, though Hawaii 5-0, The F.B.I. and many other performances have also tried to jump on the bandwagon by making TV shows that include irresponsible teenagers who cause misfortune, chaos and murder. Adding a teenager to distribution has given Cartwrights more chances to show and solve problems, but those episodes feel very controversial and are not very good overall. After Dan Blocker died, the series lagged for another year before being canceled. The last season was bad enough because he said Little Joe was watching his wife's murderers and most of the episodes were somewhat depressing because Little Joe was usually beating or reminding her how much she loved her wife and how it was unjust that she was killed. I do not think I've ever seen the last episode of the series and I wonder if they've ever officially ended up in a way. In the last year, only Ben (Lorne Greene) actually lived on Ponderosa because Adam moved (and never returned as a guest) and Hoss died and little Joe left for his wife's series) killed by drifters. Generally, it was from 1959 to 1965 is the best of this series. Once Adam left, he slowly dropped. Most of the performances before the 1970s are pretty good. Until 1970, the series tried to be hard to be hip and current, and it lost a lot of Western flavor. Adding Candy and the teenage kid also diluted the general quality of the show, and Hoss's death (Dan Blocker) was the final angle. Bonanza is probably the best western series ever produced, and out of the 465 episodes that have been produced, at least a hundred of them are excellent Western dramatic drama! This is a pretty good record. Even the worst of Bonanza is better than many other TV shows.
