My comment is generally limited to the first season, 1959-60. This superb series was one of the first to be color-coded and had a great influence in convincing the Americans that they had to buy color TV, which was about $ 800 in 1959, equivalent to more than $ 3,000 today . How many of us would pay so much for the privilege of watching a show transmitted by a cathode ray tube on a 17-inch screen? I was eleven when the series started and I looked at it from the beginning. Watching it now, 50 years later, I'm thinking a few things. First of all, many of the story lines involve Comstock Lode and the glory of silver mining, dating back to 1859. For 1859, arms and clothing are mostly not authentic. (Cuts are left out of discussion.) This is basically a nitpick. And it would have been impossible for Ben to have reached Lake Tahoe Lake in 1839 and to have gathered a 100-mile forest farm for the next twenty years. The pioneers were still trying to solve the Sierra Nevada problem since 1847, and Gold Rush does not begin even two years later. Indians are not interpreted by native American actors. John Ford used native American actors in the 1920s. Bonanza makers could have done easy thirty years later. This is an important nitpick for me. There are other time line problems. Season 1 shows Mark Twain and is described as a middle-aged man. Mark Twain was 24 years old in 1859. The stories were also blown between 1859-1860 (the pre-civil war) and what was best suited for a time of 1880. There are problems of continuity, again and again. It is also somewhat disagreeing that there are so many kills in the first season. Over time, killing has been reduced. Many of the episodes have a liberal social inclination, which would be hard to believe in terms of time, but they give believers faith in anticipating seismic changes in the attitudes of the nation since the 1960s. After all I said, the act is good and I I have come to conclude in the last few years that Adam's character was attracted better than any other. I do not think Pernell Roberts ever got the credit he deserves. Season 1 also strengthens the fact that Dan Blocker (Hoss) was a good actor. Many of the stories follow real historical events. The guest stars were exciting. It was a great family fun, and the series is getting up very well by any measure.
