There has to be a joke around Bonanza about how fatal it was for any woman to get involved with any Cartwright man. After all, Ben Cartwright was three times a widow with a son of each marriage. And any woman involved in Adam, Hoss and Little Joe was about to die because we could not escape the widow's formula and the three sons who started this western classic. <br /> <br /> Perhaps, if Bonanza had been made today, the writers would have had revolving characters who came in and out of the Cartwrights lives. People have relationships, some are going well, others not so good, it's just life. And we are less pretentious than our heroes today, so if a relationship with one of them goes south, we do not have to kill the character to keep the survivor's nobility intact. But still, if Bonanza was made today. But we still have a lot of waiting for Western heroes and Bonanza, although it took some time and NBC's watch time has changed, certainly Bonanza's success was patron saint Ben Cartwright and his sons. Ben Cartwright was the ideal TV Father in any genre you want to call. All his life was spent in the hard work of building that huge Ponderosa spread for his three children. The children were different in personality, but they all gathered at a peak. Cartwrights have become and are still an American institution. I want more people to take care of this family than Kennedys. Only the popularity of Bonanza in the syndication demonstrates this. <br /> <br /> Pernell Roberts, as the oldest son Adam, was taken out of the show. The rumors say he does not care about Cartwright's noble characters that he felt limited to the saints. Perhaps if it had done now, she would have preferred her better in the way I describe it. It was just the beginning for Michael Landon, how many people receive three successful TV shows. Landon also has a highway to the sky and a small house on Prarie where it has creative control. Little Joe was the youngest, hottest, but most romantic of Cartwrights. <br /> <br /> When Roberts left. the show continues with the two younger sons, but when the great Dan Blocker left, the heart came out of Bonanza. Other characters were added at that time, David Canary, Tim Matheson and Ben Cartwright adopted the young Mitch Vogel. But Hoss, big, loyal, but a little thick, was easily the most beloved of Cartwrights. His sudden abandonment after surgery left a hole too big in that family. So the Ponderosa Cartwrights have been in history. I got a real taste of how America took Cartwrights to heart when I visited the real Virginia City. It does not look like what you see in Bonanza. But near Lake Tahoe, exactly where you see Ponderosa on the map on opening credits, is Cartwright's house, the set kept and open as a tourist attraction. Like 21 Baker Street for Sherlock Holmes fans, the ranchhouse and Cartwrights are real. And if they were not real, it should have been.
