I grew up on this classic Western series and, as a child, I always considered that a treaty is allowed to remain until late on Sunday evenings to follow her. Bonanza is still infinitely tracked in re run. The chronic series Cartwright family adventures, living on a farm near Virginia City, Nevada around the Civil War era. Their farm (called Ponderosa) is run and defended by the widow's father, Ben, and the three unmarried, Adam, Hoss and Little Joe. These three brothers have different mothers, all died years ago. Cartwrights are a hard-working, prosperous and honorable family, respected in these parts. Ponderosa is great, so touching its extremities requires a lot of horseback riding. Also, excursions are often needed to buy or sell cattle and so on. Needless to say that few of these trips pass smoothly. Although hospitable, much of the Cartwrights energy has to be spent to defend their ranch from interlocutors or to protect themselves from jealous men of their prosperity and star status. Cartwrights do a bit of burning up and up in the air, but only shoot to kill when absolutely necessary. They are involved in various city problems, even in the political life of Nevada. One of the main assets of the series is the heat that is always (despite occasional misunderstandings) between Ben and his three sons, and (despite frequent disagreements) between the three siblings. Now a brother could beat another from time to time, but generally he has a good reason for him at that moment and his anger never lasts! Characters are very well drawn. Ben is portrayed as a successful and noble man with great integrity. The eldest son, Adam, the most rational and brave of the brothers, left in the middle of the series. The middle brother, Hoss, is a huge giant plush teddy bear who has a reckless appetite for food and is a little shy about ladies. The youngest, Little Joe, is a flame-headed charmer, which, on the contrary, has a lot to do with women. This trio of brothers enjoys different romanticism, but their love interests are usually killed by the end of the episode, or else marriage is impossible for whatever reason. The actors are all starring in their roles, including Pernell Roberts (Adam), Dan Blocker (Hoss), Michael Landon (Little Joe) and of course Lorne Greene as Family Patriarch, Ben. I also like the ranch chef, Hop Sing, played by Victor Sen Yung. This is a great western-packed action with great value. Cartwrights are always noble heroes and most of the bad guys are pretty nasty. If these days there were more programs like this Western vintage on TV!
