Walt Disney and his 9 elders set their own spin in 1950 on Cinderella's classic fairytale, which you could say is helping to form an unofficial "fairytale princess" trilogy in the classic Disney. PLOT: Cinderella is a pretty girl who can not take a break. She is the daughter of a beautiful and wealthy widow who loved her darling, but her mother died when Cinderella was very young, and Cindy's father felt the need for a mother figure, so she eventually married the woman who was to become known as by Lady Tremaine, she is a widow with two daughters of the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizella. At first all seemed to understand, but Cinderella's father died, and Lady Tremaine's true nature was revealed - she was a cold, cruel, painful, heartless, spirited woman, and she passed those features on her daughters they were spoiled, rebellious, and just as malicious. Anastasia & Drizella hate Cinderella because I know deeply that she looks better and a more beautiful lady, more attractive than themselves (that is, more appealing to men), and their mother, Lady Tremaine, hates Cindy for almost the same reasons. As the years passed, Lady Tremaine began to scatter family fortunes in a stubborn but useless attempt to improve / refine unpleasant and unattractive daughters (calling them "homely" would be an insult to the people everywhere ) the multi-tasking servant of the house, abusing, mistreating and humiliating any chance they receive (they are particularly in love with the growing absurd workload). This brings us to Cinderella now, where she has blossomed into a beautiful young woman who somehow manages to remain good and enjoyable despite her abusive passive family and is hoping that one day the tables will turn into her favor . <br /> <br /> Cinderella shoots her freedom and happiness when holding a royal ball to introduce the local prince to a young eligible girl so she can marry her as a wife, set up, start a family, etc. . . Of course, her stepfather tries to prevent her from attending her, going so much as to physically attack her and break the dress she had purchased for herself (with little help from my mums friends - the dress belonged to her biological mother ). Finally, pushed past her break point, Cinderella leaks into the yard and screams in despair. At that time, her mother Fairy, a short, full-cheerful woman, arrives and delivers Cinderella transport and a transformed dress (after all, Cinderella would not make a very good impression on the ball if she went on stage as if she were just has been raped). Cindy gets to the ball, the Prince falls hard for her, but that midnight rule stays in her way, forcing her to run away, leaving behind a glass slipper. Make a short story - after a long attempt to find a mystery girl by trying on glass slippers, there is the Cinderella and she and the prince get married, giving her a happy ending that she deserves. <br /> In general, a classic classic disney. Not without its flaws, the brightest of which is that the Prince is a bit more than a MacGuffin to help push the plot - he has very little time on the screen and even less dialogue, so we never know him well or not we have a look at his relationship with Cinderella (which is unfortunate because, after the documentary, Prince was originally meant to play a bigger role) and some additional scenes to help the Cinderella meat could have been helpful a melody that showed her fantasy that she turned into a maid army to clean up the house and listen to the balls of her post-family to show her amusement over their jealousy that was cut because Walt himself thought it made her look angry). Still, Cinderella herself is quite a pleasant heroine, even if she is supported by her mums friends, and she is sweet for the movie that is getting harder to find these days. Of course, if it had been done now, the Cinderella would probably have struggled more against her family during the dress scene and would probably have been released in the climax (either by taking her own lock or making an impractical jump , but interesting from her window), but this is out of the way. And for all those who say Cinderella are a bad example for young girls, well, consider this - at least Cinderella did not go around being publicly drunk and exposed indecently, unlike some modern "princesses" you know who I mean).
