Of all the story about the Princess Disney has brought out there, Cinderella probably has the most durable appeal. I can not really say why, but for some reason, generation after generation puts it at the top of the lists. Like a little girl, I just wanted to be Cinderella with her glass pane - it was my absolute favorite. Honestly, I do not think there's a story that will make more of a human heart wish than Cinderella. Who never wanted to escape the strange things of everyday life and find someone who sees you as no one else? The story is older than English and, in a way, it's still true. As for the characters, if nothing else, Disney can make a wonderful liar. Lady Tremaine is bad for T, in a great way to calculate, not really physically. Language and her cutting eyes do the work for her - she does not need light staff to strike fear in your heart. Animal friends tend to rush, especially by Gus idiot. I would salute if he had met his fate in Lucifer's jaws. Cinderella herself was never shot, sometimes making some daring remarks. However, she could not feel quite sympathetic. Sure, she was nice and was feeding animals, but what was there? We will never know. Even if she has just become a maid in another home, at least she will be paid and will have a hit on respect. It seems that the only reason things are going on for Cindy is that all sorts of downs should be placed in her lap. They never work for the dreams they sing so much. It brings me to music, which is wonderful, like never. Ilene Woods has a beautiful, rich voice, probably preferred by any Disney heroine. Some great standards have come here - A dream is a desire your heart makes, so is love, Bibbidi Bobbidi Boo ... Cinderella is a wonderful heartbeat with a lot of musical moments. While it lacks a certain character development, it offers some classical villains and excellent voice work. If you feel bad about your heart, let it warm you up and make you crazy Mmm Mmm Hi! Quote from the movie: <br /> <br /> -Surprise! Surprise! -Duh duh duh- Happy birthday!
