The 12th Disney Classic Animation is a sensible movie told by a simple story. Even if it's a bit dated, it deserves a place in the Disney classics list. It's not among the top Disney works, but it's satisfactory. One of Disney's simplest "works", yes, but it keeps a certain amount of magic and delight (which the old Disney is known for). It was an important movie because he saved Disney from a delicate situation. If this were a failure, there would be no more animated Disney classics. "Cinderella" is somehow a comeback to Disney's first animated classic ("Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs"), because it brings back the genre of fairy tale. It's not clear where the story is going, but I guess it's somewhere in France, because it's based on a story by Charles Perrault. There are plenty of nice characters, such as Cinderella, Prince, Bruno (dog), Jaques and Gus (the two main mice), Fairy Godmother (for a fairy that is sure to be funny), Birds, King and Grand Duke . Jaques is very smart and funny. I like his voice. It really has that mouse quality. Gus may not be so smart, but he is humorous. The king is hilarious, but I think what makes him so funny is his short temper. The Grand Duke is a very cool and funny boy. They are two of my favorite characters in this movie and are responsible for many of the funniest moments. The Prince is certainly one of the most charming in Disney. Undoubtedly, Prince Philip of Sleeping Beauty was inspired by this prince, because they are very similar. On the other hand, Lady Tremaine (stepmother) should not be pleased because she is cold, jealous, bitter and cruel. Her daughters (Anastacia and Drizella) are not much better than her. However, the stepmother is not as annoying as her ugly and selfish daughters. Cinderella, the main character, has nothing to do with them. Cinderella is gentle, good, nice and enjoyable. By the way, I think her beautiful pink dress is more beautiful than that offered by Fairy Mother. <br /> <br /> Lucifer (the cat) is hilarious of malware. The way he walks, stuttering his nose in the air, and those arrogant and snobbish facial expressions make him funny. Ironically, he very much resembles his stepmother when it comes to personality. He always agrees with the stepmother's attitude toward Cinderella. Lucifer has the right name for him because he is a cat so diabolical and medium. However, there is nothing annoying about him. The soundtrack is simple but enjoyable though it's not among the best Disney. The best piece in this movie is "Bibiddi Bobiddi Boo". There are a lot of well-known voice actors like James MacDonald, Marion Darlington, Eleanor Audley, Verna Felton and Luis Van Rooten. Despite the fact that it is simple, the film has good works of art, as well as its beautiful details, although it is never something "outside this world". However, the king's palace is a spectacular masterpiece, being truly majestic and colossal.
