Like a little boy, I always have a kind of hatred "Cinderella" since I was overwhelmed by my two sisters, when my parents were considering what Disney movie they were going to buy. I wanted "Dumbo," but my sisters won and I got "Cinderella". They enjoyed the movie while I was back behind the room playing with my Star Wars action figures. Many have changed since then. My love for Disney theme parks brought me an internship at Walt Disney World and now I have two young grandchildren. I like to show Disney how much I can and have recently seen "Cinderella" together. With my new appreciation for everything that is Disney, I saw "Cinderella" with a new perspective and I was impressed by what I saw. From the beginning of the film, however, I did not understand why Cinderella was caught in such a horrible situation. Why was she so slavish to her family and why she could not escape? I was not too sympathetic to the Cinderella, but as the story progressed, I woke up in the story. Perhaps they attracted my eye animation or fun-loving characters, or maybe they were timeless songs. Listening to songs such as "Bibbidy-Bobbidy-Boo" and "A dream is a desire your hearts make" made me return to the theme parks. I can imagine in that atmosphere with no worries and fun, looking at the Cinderella Castle that inspires astonishment. Something about this movie just evokes Disney's magic. That can make many people fight, but go to the Magic Kingdom and see all the girls dressed as Cinderella who are excited to be in this fantastic world and you will know what they are talking about. Cinderella and glass slippers - as well as Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh and Tinkerbell - are the reason why Disney is one of the most beloved companies in the world. While "Cinderella" may not be the most powerful story, it is a kind of iconic in Disney history and film. It is the fun, the idealism and the wonderful fantasy that we had when we were children. I imagine that this movie has many meanings for many, many people out there. It may not be my favorite Disney movie, but it's all I love and admire about the company. <br /> <br /> My IMDb Rating: 10/10. My Yahoo! Grade: A (remarkable)
