People criticize the animated features of Disney in the 1950s because they are too shiny, located in landscapes that are far too brilliant. This criticism is right. And yet it can not be the whole story because the least polished - "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - are the weakest. "Cinderella", on the other hand, put into a world where dirt very dirt is clearly the best. Looks good. The backgrounds are subtle and coherent; colors are pure without being too bright. Animation varies a little. He will swear that some people are rotoscopic - but then, rotoscopic people (including Cinderella herself) are not blood-like characters in the script, so this approach works pretty well. Animals make the movie. I think the studio has never used animals that way, rather than totems, rather than sidekicks. Mice, for example, are the creatures that draw us in the story; but they are indeed representatives or allies of the Colorless Cinderella. The cat, Lucifer, is a kind of witch who is familiar with the stepmother of evil. (The cat is conceived and brilliantly animated - one of the best feline creations of all time. Survivor animator was Ward Kimball and molded her own cat, I was wondering how she put it with the animal.) This approach allows animals to steal the show without attracting our attention from the main story. Their actions are of great interest only in the light of the main story. Among those who supported the works, the notable people are the King and the Grand Duke. The King is a note character - wants grandchildren and seems to have no other desires - but the note is hit in a pleasant way. The Great Duke is a put-on character that deserves to be removed from his sphere, just like Cinderella. (Although he, of course, is richer.) "Cinderella" is Disney's return to features after eight years of hiatus, and neither with him nor with any subsequent film he would recapture the brilliance of his first years. In addition, he did things hard for himself by choosing "Cinderella". She is a passive heroine and no longer has to deal with anyone. (Maybe I was wrong about this - I have not seen the recent "Ever After"). However, it is remarkable how successful Disney was in bringing this unpromising story to life without cutting the horns of its spirit.
