Walt Disney's legendary film producer brought three of the world's biggest fairy tales. These remain among the most popular animated films of all time. The first one was released in 1937 in its classic "White Snow and the Seven Dwarfs", the latter being "Sleeping Beauty", which made its debut in 1959. Between the two was probably the most satisfying adaptation of a classic fairy tale: "Cinderella" (1950). Of the three films, "Cinderella" is the most faithful of his origins. Ironically, unlike Snow White, which for good or worse has become for many the definitive version of the story. Cinderella did not follow the same path. Although it was a shot and, like "White Snow," she was responsible for restoring Disney's descendants, she never achieved the same audience recognition she deserved. Disney, for once, boasted herself, choosing not to interfere with a classic story, instead of elaborating and adding the story, rather than rewriting it for the screen. The result was delightful. <br /> <br /> A combination of superb animation (with soft soft technical color) and perfect voice talent brought the story to life with a glamor that lasts until now. Ilene Woods, who was a radio interpreter, recorded discs of songs in favor of the authors of the material, Al Hoffman, Mack David and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard it, she knew she found her Cinderella. And indeed it had. The excesses of the wood heart of "A dream is a desire that makes your heart", "So it is love" and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" are perfect. Eleanor Audley, who would come up with Maleficent's voice in Sleeping Beauty, captured proudly the frozen cruelty of the stepmother, while Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss were the convincing ugly conjurers. Luis Van Rooten played admirably both the King and the Grand Duke, and James Macdonald was fond of the devotees of Jaq and Gus, Cinderella. William Phipps has a small dialogue as a prince (Mike Douglas continued to speak with his singing voice), but the veteran of the movie (and Disney), Verna Felton was born to play the fairy and made the best Oscar nomination "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo"). <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the "appearance" of the film was Maria Blair, whose color-inspired use was greatly admired by Disney. Her elegant background of the French period adds extraordinary quality to the film. But the most important of all are the credible characters - from Cinderella to Lucifer, the delicious mother of the grown-up mother. They give life and vibrations to the story often told, something very difficult to create in an animated movie. In connection with the 55-year anniversary of the film (and not coincidentally, on the holiday season) "Cinderella" was just released on a special DVD edition. It simply never showed better. The completely restored movie must be regarded as appreciated - it's enough to say it looks great. Added an enhanced stereo soundtrack and good music. DVD extracts, now a standard part of Disney Platinum Editions, are too numerous to list here, but as usual, some are aimed at children, some are tilted to adults, and the rest fall somewhere between them. But true fans will want to get the Deluxe Gift Set because, along with a real cell and eight-character sketch, it includes a 160-page "hardback" book that includes not only the bulk of the material found in Special Edition Edition, 1995 edition, but much more. As usual, for Disney, "Cinderella" will only be available for a limited amount of time. So if you are like me, you are a lover "Cinderella", take it now! This edition is really a "Vis Come True".
