Here is another proof that we must worship all the Italian giallo and admit that it is absolutely the only sub-genus in horror. Emilio Miraglia's "Emperor's Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a complete feeding of the original plot, elegant production values, delightful music, great acting talents, and inventive criminal sequences. It's a giallo fabulous (released in the 1972 golden year), which belongs to the top five of every fan of Italian cinema. The story does not just introduce your usual black murderer and frustrated murderer but combines old-fashioned revenge with the macabre myth of the Red Queen murderer. In old age, their grandfather tells Brothers Kitty and Evelyn constantly battling about a weird woman who, once every 100 years, on April 6, kills seven people, of which her sister is the last inevitable victim. Forty years later, Kitty became the successful choreographer of a prominent modeling agency (even dividing her bed with the general manager), when snorting of killing began suddenly. Sister Evelyn would be the obvious guilty, but he recently moved to the States ... Or not? Complex but convincing and involving red herring are thrown at you every few minutes and the character of Queen Red is definitely the most fascinating killer in giallo-history. Her face can never be seen, but she wears a red cloak of blood and produces the most terrible laughter every time she makes a new victim. She is not even gentle because her victims are stabbed barbarian with a dagger, pulled behind the machines and even pushed on the fences! The latter is truly one of the greatest acts of violence I have ever seen! What can you ask for? Some clear and tasty nudes, maybe? The most beautiful female actresses received more than covered, including Barbara Bouchet and a young Sybil Danning. Emilio Miraglia is not the most famous giallo-director, because he did so and just as recommended "The Night Evelyn came out of the grave," but his influence and importance must NOT be forgotten.
