I'm starring in movies like "Tiempo de valientes" and I want to talk about cinema for hours. The admiration that this film has caused me is beyond my explanatory boundaries because I watch the scenes of the film and search my thoughts for film ideas and dialogue innovations that could come out of something bigger than the mind of Damian Szifron. br /> <br /> On the environment, so uncompromising, so simple, I think; this man is a genius. No wonder he created what is probably the best television show Argentina has ever witnessed, and then a first film full of elements that contemporary directors have not yet touched. "El fondo del mar" is the name and, awakened (a few years ago), my enthusiasm for our everyday cinema. Starting with the daily real life journey, Szifron goes where Pablo Trapero could not be in "El Bonaerense"; the Federal Department of the Police. Trapero's film was a journey into man's mind and experience, not in the places he saw. Yes, it was a thorough training and a lot of criminal, but Szifron in "there" is more of a detective story than we know and love, with mysteries and thrilling music. <br /> <But it is a lot of humanity in his writing and shows us his investigation through the eyes of his main characters, Alfredo Díaz and Mariano Silverstein. There are a lot of high-caliber actors in the film, but these two actors are the ones the film can not do without. The first character (Luis Luque) is a detective who has just found his wife's stuff; and must work on a case. The second is a psychiatrist to whom the detective's treatment is assigned. He wants to take care of him in regular meetings, but the sheriff takes advantage of time and suggests joining Díaz in routines: "There is nothing, ordinary things, no problem." But it is bigger than that and will reveal some of the physician's personality that she did not know. The relationship developed between the two causes can only be explained if it is observed, because it considers such a complexity that demonstrates how talented people are Szifron who are trying today to leave a signature in our history. Díaz tells Silverstein: "How do we continue the treatment?" And Silverstein responds: "No, I am not your doctor. Your friend": We laugh because we can not do that, help him. And we can not laugh when Díaz crashes a car on the street and does not pay attention to him or when he breaks all red street lights or smokes a pot on the police patrol, and Silverstein can not tell (but then smokes because he died); or when Silverstein tries to be friendly with Díaz's girlfriends. The magic of Diego Peretti is what we get there. He, a psychiatrist himself, gives a "Locas de amor" show, but it impresses with all his range. Luis Luque, on the other hand, returns on the track with a top portrait that reminds us of the great actor he has. There is a passion I have for this and, as I said, I could write about it for hours, but unfortunately it does not work and I have to be precise and summarize. Although I have to look at a lot of old movies and study them, I can assure you that "Tiempo de valientes" is the comedy Argentina has been waiting for and has not received it before.
