I think it was Ebert who gave Stella four out of four stars but I have never read a positive review of this unreasonable drama about class, love and sacrifice divorces (three themes, the greatest romantic stories or movies in the community. <br /> <br /> Here the main theme is class division. <br /> <br /> Stella is a story in the age of America depression, which was said to have been translated into a memorable manner that this remake (if you ask a Stanwyck fan or two) was not exactly appreciated. The original fans never gave a chance. Additionally, this version of Stella was made in the 1990s, not in a time of great financial trouble in America (as was depression). Now is the time to take out the pink glasses in the midst of a new era of recession and poverty in America, and see that this storyline is still true, it's as convenient and current as always in the updated form. Yes, the class division is a major theme here. Stella is among the poor, lonely, with big dreams, but with little hope of realizing these dreams. He works in a bar, does not have much money, lives in a busy apartment. Go ahead. In the morning, he does not really want to get out of bed. On her wall, pictures of movie stars she is idolizing. A man sees his dance at the bar. He is rich, educated, from one of the top families, who has nothing in common with Stella. His major concern is to participate in the lingual language college, such as paying rent, how to be "happy." They have an affair. They like each other. Stella ends up pregnant. Stella tells the guy the story. His answer? "How about an abortion?" She says, "I just wanted a balloon room." He delivers the balloons and the proposal, but he sees that his heart is not in it and has too much pride to accept. He's sending him packs. Her daughter is finally torn between the two ways of life - the love she has for her mother and the advantages, happiness and love her rich father has enjoyed. Stella, alone and untidy, and who does not want her daughter to become just as unhappy as she one day, makes the final sacrifice. She gives up the only love and happiness she has ever known to ensure her daughter's happiness and perhaps live vicariously and hopefully, knowing that at least her daughter has found something to live with. , for the movie. Everything is right. A great performance, artistic cinema, great design (contrast between the two lifestyles, disordered apartments and decorated villas), great performances and hearts of the entire concert, with Bette Midler, especially Oscar-worthy. <br /> <br /> This is a much more significant and better done film than you thought.
