while the hot detective stories of Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler adapted to cinema as a fox in a chicken basket - really creating the genuinely and definitively modern American style in the process - those who might be called fiction the Golden Age have barely made any impression. The problem with books such as Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers, or SS Van Dine (based on this film) is that they have no action or variety - while Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe crosses the streets LA, working class furniture, bars, offices, rich villas and encounters with all sorts of dangers and interesting violence, the "Golden Age" fiction is generally set in place, the crime scene, usually a generous country house, and the action is limited to investigating clues and interviewing suspects. This is a very static procedure, a puzzle-less plot. This, of course, is as ideological as anything else, the stories about the golden age dealing with a society hostile to change and movement; the hot novels that record an urban reality that is more and more distant from a center (both authority and city), being divided into hostile, uncontrollable and unregulated camps. Another major problem with gold age fiction is character - because we can not know the answer to the crime to the end, we can not have access to the motivations or emotions of the characters, being defined only by their potential to kill. Detective, unlike private, anxious, prejudiced, are simply there to be brilliant and perhaps a little eccentric. The problem with most of the Golden Age movies is that they're trying to be a resting time for Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen and end up with a bad look. There have been successes, for example, the radical reorganization of Ellery Queen and others by Claude Chabrol. In the world of English speakers, in reality there were only two. The classic Alistair Sim, "Green For Danger," works because it pushes the shape almost in parody, never betraying the integrity or interest of the mystery. Before that came Michael Curtiz's glory, "The Kennel Murder Case." The narrative is a pure golden age, and a repulsive character is introduced that gives a number of potential suspects motives to kill him. , indicating a suicide, fell into a locked room. "Caricature policemen fall hopelessly for the bait." It depends on Philo Vance, a gentleman and amateur detective, neither old nor fat, reading with more brilliance the clues, opening up the case from the limits of the room and eventually resolve the case, the body being a bit more than the pretext of intellectual stimulation. What is interesting is not this detective plot - which can ever be unsatisfactory as all the solutions - although it is rarely fun and funny There is not even an attempt to "subvert" the image of a perfect detective - there is an alarming scene in which one brutally threatening to threaten a suspect without any protest from Vance, but that's all about it. <br /> <br /> What marks the "Kennel" as a classic is its modernity. Curtiz is generally not considered to be a big bucket because it has no consistent themes or evidence of artistic development. But he was Hollywood's greatest craftsman, and he's in a sensational form here. if the story of Detective "Golden Age" is just a puzzle, Curtiz takes this idea as extreme logic, creating an abstract version of its source, reducing narrative, character and location in geometry, a series of lines from beautiful art sets -like to the glorious movements of the chambers that suddenly break from a static composition and, as it flicks angrily at an angle, they destroy the dead end to life. This treatment is suited to a story that firmly rejects realism, a model that turns the detective plot into a mirror room, such as the two central brothers or even the original crime, borrowed from a book "Unsettled Mysteries." This fantastic world of wealthy people, collecting oriental relics (moon shades?), Incapable Chinese servants, ex-consul becoming mercenaries, dog lovers, Runyonesque policemen, is a perfect habitat for Vance, a cruise to Europe with a fantasy fantasy who knows the social world of these people and yet is affected by his interest in murder and association with the police, or if it were nothing but a thinking machine, William Powell, the greatest American comedian of the decade , who takes courageously his idiosyncratic humanity. But if treatment is rare, the climax is spectacularly brutal, involving vicious dogs and murder attempts. The police and the detective, who had to prevent the offenses, are guilty of instigating a crime.
