There are some films that every Horror fan owes to see, and "La Dama Rossa Kills Sette Volte" by Emilio Miraglia. The "Red Queen Kills Seven" (1972) is definitely one of them. With Gialli and Gothic Tales being Horror's two favorite sub-genres, I have been looking forward to seeing this film for some time, and even if my expectations were high, this masterpiece has outstripped the greatest hopes. Previously, Miraglia's Giallo, "The Night Evelyn came out of the tomb" (1971), was already a creepy and extremely atmospheric film that successfully mixed Giallo with Gothic Horror but could not compare this personal favor with this moment. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is, with his hands down, one of the most unique and overwhelming Italian horror films ever made, and no lover of the genre may consider it lacking. An incredibly fascinating Giallo with strong Gothic elements, "The Queen Red" offers everything you can hope for in the sub-genre: An incredibly compelling inventive plot, the spine cooling cooling suspense, a subtle setting and a really creepy atmosphere, colors, elegant crime, a shining score, and last but not least, a charming woman led by the stunningly beautiful Barbara Bouchet - this movie is simply one of the most remarkable combinations of elegant beauty and pure terror. <br /> <br /> The film starts incredibly in a beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. As kittens, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister, Evelyn, struggle when their grandfather tells the story behind an incredibly strange painting: The legend says a red-haired lady must return to the castle every hundred years and kill seven people . Forty years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) became a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly, people start being killed ... Director Miraglia has already proved his incredible style, atmosphere and glamor with "The Night Evelyn came out of the grave" and makes use of these elements even more efficiently in this jewel. The "Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is really an eye feast, and one of the most overwhelming Italian horror films, both visually and wisely. The haunted painting in the grandfather's castle is able to give the viewer the pockets. Red Lady (or the Red Queen, as it is called in the English title) is probably the most diabolical figure ever in a Giallo, the laugh that cools down the column that the crimes accompany it would be even scary on its own. <br /> <br /> A sexy female cast is always appreciated, especially in a Giallo, and this is a prime example for that. Barbara Bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) must be one of the most beautiful ladies ever to appear on the screen, and she is also a great actress. Bouchet's presence has won numerous Italian films, among other appearances, she has starred in three of the greatest cult-masterpieces of the Italian cinema in the 1970s, one year (1972): "Fernando Di Leo's Calibro 9" by Milano Calibro, t Torture a Duckling "and this unforgettable gem In addition to the beautiful young lady Bouchet, the most beautiful cast of the film includes young sexy Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti (" The Night Evelyn came out of the tomb ") and other beauties that are not afraid to wear it for the room. <br /> <br /> As the movie is full, the crimes are elegant and extremely stylish, but frightening and macabre, and some of them are pretty bad. <br /> <br /> Bruno Nicolai's fascinating score is as memorable as it happens and makes the intense atmosphere of the movie even more haunting. The land is ingeniously convoluted and full of red herrings, the level of tension increses every minute pass. " sie ... "begins to be creepy and stays stunning until the last second. On the whole, this is one of the movies that can not find enough words of praise. The "Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is an absolute masterpiece that is easily located among the best Gialli ever made, and a priority for every fan of the horror and / or Italian cinema to see. 10/10
