Michael Curtiz directed this very elegant piece from 1930 in a script written by Robert Presnell Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel they adapted was "The Kennel Crime Case," perhaps from the point of view of the writer, the best of Philo Vance's mysteries by strange SF Van Dine. Vance was a long-standing and superior detective genius, and his character attributed to William Powell probably meant that Warner Brothers executives were aware of the possibility that in the less engaged hands this detective would alienate the spectators. Luckily, they first attributed him to the character of William Powell; later played by Basil Rathbone, Warren William and Paul Lukas, before being sent to "B". Another question as always with Warner Brothers executives is why they chose Vance as a character; their inclination was to choose men operating outside the law without any apparent discrimination between a vicious killer and a champion of individual rights against all the comrades. This movie has a dishonest villain who is killed and a locality with claustrophobic challenges inside an apartment complex. Characters are undoubtedly unusually well done, fairly good and unusually fast; and with the exception of a dark B / W appearance, the film avoids comedic siege, useless characters and irrelevant dialogue, characteristic of many early detective entrances. Jack Okey has done good for art. The music by Berhard Kaun is useful; Orry-Kelly made the costumes. William Reese offered cinema inside. In the interesting piece, Powell is PHILONANTA of his times, especially thin, with only a hint of sardonic humor here and there. Eugene Palette is better than usual, playing very right as an admirable police partner at Vance, with a very professional time. The other actor who is best off is Paul Cavangh beautiful, very effective as always in what was written as a red herring part. Mary Astor is appealing, but at this point in her career she spoke a little too fast to be as effective as it turned out later. Also in the show were Helen Vinson as the villain's wife, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (best known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrat as the bad man, Archer Coe and Frank Conroy, McWade as DA; strange and funny Etienne Girardot has a wonderful part of the spirit as a funny physician of legal medicine who enters the crime scene. James Lee as the abused Chinese servant is excellent and intelligent. The story penetrates into four parts. First, there are shows at a dog show, where Vance, Coe and Cavanagh show all West Highland terriers. Cavanagh's dog is killed by Coe to prevent him from winning the title at his entrance. The second part of the scene involves a dismissal; someone is pretty confused about who left there after Coe left his friend, Vinson, to kill his beautiful brother by mistake. Insert Vance to find out who did it in Archer Coe in a locked room and how, with Palette's help; the romantic difficulties are directed, the Chinese servant is exonerated, we find out who broke the expensive vase, who will marry whom, how was Archer Coe made and why the martyr did not, but someone else with a good excuse made. This is a mystery more than good, which curtised director of Hungarian origin, Curtiz, took it quite seriously. He used napkins, sharp cuts, room angle changes, and alternations between direct and bold work with the camera to get variety, interest and a sustained rhythm. Many writers, critics and experts, including myself, have considered this to be the best of Vance projects, although others are also estimated.
