"Markham," says William Powell, the author of urban crime, to the District Prosecutor: "I'm increasingly going to believe that Archer Coe was killed in this room, fragments ... he's still here." "But Vance," says Markham, "you mean a dead man has gone up?" "I'm just trying to tell you the facts," says Vance. "This is the most remarkable case in my experience." <br /> <br /> We are sympathetic. The brave, arrogant archer did not like to look like everyone who knew him, they had been found dead on a chair in the bedroom, a gun in his hand, and a blow to his head. But wait. Subsequent examination shows that Coe was hit hard by a strange instrument that fractured his skull. Then the dagger is hurt in the back. The complicated problems are that the door and windows of Coe's bedroom were blocked from the inside. Coe did not commit suicide; It was a crime. But how did the killer escape? What was the specific motivation because there are so many suspects? And why was Coe's brother, Brisbane Coe, found dead in the closet at the entrance to the building? The Kennel murder case, now 73 years old, offers yet another elegant look at the old locked room classic. What makes the thing work as well as it is not, first, the mystery is complicated and intelligent, but it is still logical. Second, it's funny, assured performance of William Powell. Consider his work as Philo Vance as something like a rehearsal for his great shows like Nick Charles. Few things get rid of Vance. He uses his intelligence to do things together. It's also a good company. Powell was a star in the 1920s and constantly moved up in terms of status and popularity when they spoke. The intelligence, style and sophistication of the effort made him one of the most contemporary actors in the past. <br /> <br /> It is also nice to see some great faces. There is Mary Astor as Lake Hilda, Coe's young, resilient and potentially rich; Paul Cavanaugh, as the Brit holder, walked around Hilda; Helen Vinson, with her particularly emotional and selfish way (watch her by doing her things in Vogues in 1938); Etienne Giraudot, a small elderly man, like Dr. Doremus, whose medical and examination physician's office keeps him away from meals; and Ralph Morgan as private secretary of Archer Coe. This movie has a high percentage of middle-aged men without a bunch of fat that can wear comfy, tailor-made costumes adapted to English with ease. The most important is Eugene Palette, with his noble voice and gravel, as Detective Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance are long-lasting knowledge that seems to like each other.
