I feel a bit protected from this movie because it was my introduction to the lyrics of U.N.C.L.E. The year was 1972, and I.T.V. they performed all eight features in a single bumper run (followed by re-running The Persuaders with Tony Curtis and Roger Moore) on Saturday evenings. "Killers Karate" was chosen to open the season. It started with a cool action sequence, as Solo and Kuryakin's sports car was attacked by a THRUSH minicompact squadron. I was a fan of the life of that moment. After the main credits (nice to see a special title sequence here, instead of the usual practice of slowing down the recording of action), we go to Dr. Simon True (Jim Boles), inventor of a new formula for extracting gold from water great. True wife Amanda (Joan Crawford) had an affair with agent THRUSH Randolph (Herbert Lom). A ruthless man indeed kills both his doctor and his wife before hunting the formula. Truly prepared for the event - he divided it into five segments, each written on a photograph of himself, and sent it to his five daughters, all of which were scattered around the world. Solo and Kuryakin started to get the first formula, which led to a series of episodes in different venues, as well as cameos from Telly Savalas (Terry-Thomas and Curt Jurgens ). One of Dr.True-Sandy's daughters (Kim Darby) - accompanies U.N.C.L.E. boys looking for them globally. After assembling the formula, THRUSH returns and makes them surrender, before banishing them to their secret base at the North Pole ... <br /> <br /> Of all the UNCLE feature films, this is the one that I think it should have been produced specifically for cinema. It hurts to be a television product, though even a less expensive than usual. No shootings were made at the site, and the different segments meet as repetitive, usually culminating in a stream between U.N.C.L.E. and THRUSH. From distribution, Joan Crawford is memorable hammy in her small role, and Curt Jurgens mischief as a sugar father. Like a bobby in London, Terry-Thomas is as delightful as ever, and Herbert Lom is the best villain. Kim Darby recited, though as "Sandy". He should have been told to stay home. What is surprising in this respect is that it manages to be more entertaining and fun than many of the official shows of the cinema, including "In Like Flint," "Casino Royale," and "Ambassadors." I would love to know how Solo and the company escaped from THRUSH H.Q. after the death of Randolph.
