It could have been a better movie. She shoots in points, and the central story changes from Boyer, finishing her mission to Boyer to avenge Wanda Hendrix's death, but Graham Greene is a hard-to-digger. His stories are all moral stories because of his own considerations of Catholicism, guilt and innocence (very relative terms in his view of the world) and the human condition. Boyer is Luis Denard, a well-known concert pianist who joined the Republicans in the Spanish Civil War. He was sent to England to try to carry out a weapons purchase business, which is desperately needed. Unfortunately, for Denard, he is literally lonely - each of his contacts proves to be a volcanic controversy for the Spanish Falagists. In particular, Katina Paxinou (Ms Melendez), a custodian, and Peter Lorre (Mr. Contreras), professor of the Esperanto international language. Wanda Hendrix is ​​a girl of a girl (Else) who works for Mrs. Melendez. The local diplomat, Licata (Victor Francken), is already a volunteer associate of phalanxists. The British (Holmes Herbert, Miles Mander and the worst - if not the worst - of the batch, George Coulouris) do not give too much hope to Boyer's case (which Britain may soon have). Herbert and Mander retreat behind the official neutrality policy ordered by the governments of Ramsay MacDonald and Stanley Baldwin during the Civil War. Coulouris here is a typical Col. Blimp - always impeccable in his native English dictionary, he is sharp in manifesting his contempt for strangers in general. The only ray of hope is Lauren Bacall (Rose Cullen), trying to play her role as best she can - but she can not. She is the aristocrat - the daughter of a news lord. It was Bacall's second film and (sad to say) almost sank his long career. She behaves well, but the spark she showed in her first film was due to the double effect of playing with Humphrey Bogart and being directed by Howard Hawks. Boyer is a good actor, but he is not Bogie, and Herman Shumlin is not Hawks. The following movie returned to Bogie and Hawks again, and her star resumed her ascension. It's a grim movie (as was the novel). Boyer's mission never succeeds because he has too many enemies hidden all over. But the villains are also missed - often with their lives. Dan Seymour is a foreign suspect landlord of Katina Paxinou (and the man who destroys her). It's worth watching to catch a lot of Warner actors who do their best, given the weakness in the direction.
