Since Douglas MacArthur has affected human lives more than any other American president elected, he deserved a better biography of the film. Not that Universal's "MacArthur" is bad. It was not supposed to be. Very strange, the potential was there. From the episode "The Corbomite Maneuver" (1966) at the beginning of the Star Trek episode in the recent Something Lord Made (2000) and "Springs Warm" (2000), director Joseph Sargent appeared as one of the expressive, human film directors, a man capable of subtly shaping the emotional shadows of his actors' performances and to convey to the audience exactly where he wants to go. The producer, Frank McCarthy, also gave us "Patton" (197O), legendary Jerry Goldsmith marked both films, and Universal attracted in large part that the film was "four years in preparation and production." However, "MacArthur" is perfectly suited and not much more than that. The film begins in early 1942, shortly before the armed general is commanded by President Franklin D. Roosevelt (Dan O'Herlihy) to flee the Philippines to avoid capturing by the Japanese. Thus, this film omits: · MacArthur's birth in 1880 in a Arkansas border barracks still under attack by native American tribes, thus establishing that his remarkable life has surpassed the distance from archers and arrows to thermonuclear weapons; · his graduation from West Point, for the first time in a class of 95 · how he joined his famous father, General Arthur MacArthur (who won the honorary medal at the Eastern Missionary in the Civil War) on missions in Japan, China and, most importantly, in the Philippines; <br /> <br /> · Her heroic exploits in the 1914 trip to Vera Cruz; <br /> <br /> - how he jumped on the World War I tranches as a mountain goat, often hurt and promoted bluntly to the brigade general; <br /> <br /> · his post-war service as the youngest and most progressive commander of West Point; • Participation in Billy Mitchell's martial court in 1924; <br /> <br /> · Marchers Bonus routing in 1932; <br /> <br /> · his efforts to support a weakly under-funded army as Chief of Staff in the 1930s; · his withdrawal from the US Army to become Field Mareshal (!) of the Philippines Army; <br /> <br /> - and reactivating his commission by the FDR shortly before the outbreak of World War II. All of this is omitted in favor of MacArthur's prolonged shootings that are trying to fight as they are evacuated by the PT boat, so we know that "General Mac" is a legend, but not why; nor can we appreciate the reason why cowardly accusations have been so hurt for Dugout Doug, and so obviously unfounded. The rest of her career is currently direct: "Hip-hop" is not "campaigning, fulfilling its commitment to the Philippines?" I will return! "His accomplished accomplishment, the gaining of peace in post-war Japan, then the difference of opinion with President Harry Truman (an Ed Flanders, with a fair defeat) on the behavior of the Korean conflict that led to his pull, and finally his proclamation in Congress that "the old soldiers are simply blurring," after which he did so. they are historically quite precise and all of them lack a very deliberate commentary. Sargent and the producers are distantly distant from adoring historical histories with their own approval or disapproval: If MacArthur's actions seem noble, be presented as If they appear selfish or bombastic, let these concepts register as a sans comment. Since Joe Sargent is pretty d is an expert in subtle manipulation of his audience's reactions, again, you see Warm Springs - this refusal to provide a comment seems quite intentional. From a historical point of view, this can be commendable, but almost overcomes the viewer's efforts to place this extraordinary man in any rational perspective. Finally, there is a kind of "movie feel, like Midway," released at the same time. Both films were relegated to television directors - Sargent, in this case, Jack Smight on Midway, and both have a look for television. Even Jerry Goldsmith's march, while perfectly useful, does not have the subtle subtleties and grandness of his theme, "Patton," another way in which a man larger than life is memorialized by a very ordinary movie. <br /> <br /> There was a deception and a lie in this man: there was also greatness and love or osteni, we must admit that MacArthur did what no military commander did Before him: he won the peace. Finally, "MacArthur" like many film biographies - is a good place to start researching this remarkable man, but a poor place to finish it.
