Douglas MacArthur's brilliant representation of Gregory Peck from the Battle of Corregidor in the Philippines at the beginning of the Pacific War, largely by his abolition as UN commander during the Korean War, gives reason to believe all three of the above possibilities . Of course, the most controversial general American of World War II (and possibly ever) MacArthur is here as a man of massive contradictions. He claims that, above all, the soldiers want peace, but obviously they are multiplying in war; he constantly denies any political ambition, but almost everything he does is deliberately used to impose himself as a presidential candidate; he obviously believes that the soldiers under his command must follow his letters, but he deliberately defies the orders of the President of the United States; he has a great respect for other cultures (especially in the Philippines and Japan) and yet is completely out of touch with his own country. All these things are kept in balance throughout this film and eventually the viewer is left to draw conclusions about man, although there is no doubt that MacArthur loved his country with sincerity and passion in especially the army he dedicated his life. Peck's performance was, as I said, brilliant - to the point of fact, to practically shadow anyone else in the movie (which is probably right, given who was portrayed!) Except for Ed Flanders. Although he gave a convincing look at Harry Truman and his attitude towards MacArthur: sarcastic (repeatedly referring to MacArthur as "His Majesty"), angry, frustrated and finally completely embittered by this general who simply will not respect his authority as chairman. Marj Dusay was also interesting as the wife of MacArhur Jean, dedicated to her husband (whom she herself called General, although their relationship seems to have been quite happy.) I really enjoyed this movie , although it would probably be nice to have learned a little more about MacArthur's early life. I have always struggled with MacArthur's reaction to the election of President Eisenhower ("He will make a good president - he was the worst graft I've ever had"), which seems to summarize what MacArthur believed that the role of the president should be, for his military commanders during the war. 8/10
