It's worth noting that mine is only the third review of this film, while "Patton-Lust for Glory", Frank McCarthy's previous production of a general American controversy in the Second World War, has attracted so far almost a hundred comments. As a previous commentator, I'm intrigued why a film should have received so much more attention than the other. The difference between the two films is that "Patton" is more focused, concentrating on a relatively short period at and immediately after the end of World War II, while "MacArthur" covers not only this war but also the role of the subject in the Korean War, and the governor of Japan occupied during the interlude. /> <br /> The main difference, however, lies in the way the two leaders are played. Gregory Peck dominated this film even more than George C. Scott dominated "Patton". While Scott had another major star, Karl Malden, playing alongside General Bradley, none of the other actors in "MacArthur" are family names, at least for their film work. Scott, of course, interpreted Patton as aggressive and temperate, a man who sometimes was at war with the rest of the human race, not just the enemy. I suspect that in real life, General MacArthur was as volcanic as Patton's, but that's not what he's doing in this movie. Peck's MacArthur has a more reflective, more thoughtful inclination, comparable to the liberal intellectuals he played in some of his other films. Sometimes he seems to be a man of the political left. Much of his speech on Japanese surrender in 1945 could have been written by a paid NDA member, and his policies of reforming Japanese society during the American occupation have a semi-socialist air for them. In an attempt to show something of MacArthur's gift for the inspiration of leadership, Peck makes him a beautiful speaker, but his speeches appear to lead more to the tricks studied of rhetoric practiced than to any fire in his heart. It's like Atticus Finch from "To kill a mocking bird" put the general's uniform. While Scott tried a portrait of "Patton," criticism was made that "MacArthur" is trying to glide over some less attractive features of his subject. I think this criticism is right, especially with regard to Korean war. The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a brilliant general who dared to rise to interference, the ignorant military politicians who did not know how to fight the war and were driven away by his pain when the victory was in his hand. Many historians, of course, feel that Truman was forced to sacrifice MacArthur because his behavior became a threat to world peace and he had no choice but to accept a deadlock because Stalin would not allow his humiliators to be humiliated. Even during Korean scenes, Peck's MacArthur meets more idealistically than his real-life original; I do not see much about his mistakes and naivety about political issues. (Truman's remark, "he knows just as much about the politics a pig knows about Sunday" about Eisenhower, but it could have equally been applied to MacArthur's approach to international diplomacy). Perhaps the film's attempt to paint some of MacArthur's wings reflects the period in which it was made. In the late 1970s, after the twins of Vietnam and Watergate, it was a difficult time for America, and a public looking for reassurance could have received a heroic reassuring picture of a military figure from the previous generation. Another criticism I would make about the film is that it falls between two chairs. If it had to be a complete biography of MacArthur, it should have been shown something about his early life, which is not covered at all. (The first one we see about the general is when it leads the American resistance to the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). A theme that unfolds throughout the movie is the influence of General MacArthur's father, himself a military hero. I would have liked to see what kind of man Arthur MacArthur was and why his son considered him to be such a hero and model. Another interesting way to do the film would have been to focus on Korea and MacArthur's encounter with Truman, with the same importance given to the two men and similar acting actors who played them. The way in which the film was made seemed to me less interesting than any of these alternative approaches. It would be wrong, however, to give the impression that I did not like the movie in its entirety. Although I probably did not agree with the interpretation Peck played as the main role, there is no doubt that he played it with his professionalism and seriousness. The film as a whole is a good example of solid, working, thoughtful and informative biopsy. It's a good movie, but one that could have been a better one. 7/10. On a pedant note, the map that MacArthur presents during the Korean War shows the DMZ, the border between the two Korean states that was born only after the war. (The pre-war limit was the 38th parallel). I also think that MacArthur was referring to the "tocsin" of war. War may be toxic, but it is difficult to listen to the thirst for a toxin.
