This movie will tell you why Amitabh Bacchan is a one-person industry. This movie will also tell you why movie Indians are curious buyers. Amitabh was at the peak of Bollywood's domination when his only godfather Prakash Mehra decided to use his image once again. Prakash has the habit of choosing themes and building stories from it, adding liberal doses of Bollywood sensibilities and clichés. Zanzeer saw that he did the Angry Young Man. Lawaris was about being a bastard, and Namak Halal was about the loyalty of the master servant. <br /> <br /> But then the theme was limited to moving the script through the three-hour regulation of song, dance and drama. What contained the film is a caricature of a Haryanavi who goes to Mumbai and turns into a hero of regulation. Amitabh's vocal skills and vocabularies saw this film winning its big bouquets, thanks to Haryan's accent in its flawless stock. For me, this is the biggest attraction of the film. The rest is typically Bollywood. Amitabh, for the time being, had some typical comedy scenes in each of his films. Thanks to Manmohan Desai. This movie had a good dose of them. The party cock at the party, the monologue on Vijay Merchant and Vijay Hazare's considerations, the mosquito challenge in the boardroom and the usual drunken scene, which has already become a standard tariff for Amitabh. Shashi Kapoor added (Remember to ask Ranjeet for "Shaaadaaaap" after the poisoned cake incident.) It was the master's role as Amitabh was his loyal servant, but Prakash Mehra knew the Indian mind ... and so Shashi had to take his storyline with the rest of the film, he was a character who could have been more developed to make a serious film, but that's a crap, remember? That way, people came and they saw the Amitabh wearing a new hat and returned home happy. The end is always predictable and the good boys receive the gal and the wicked go to the chaos, the old loyalty theme is once again underlined and everything is fine which ends well. <br /> <br /> So hat is what makes this movie almost classic? Amitabh Bacchan as Haryanvi Prakash Mehra has created yet another icon in the name of a story Chuck story, characters and plot. signs they're just for Amitabh.
