When I was at the Hollywood video I looked through their clearance in the movies and it was DEMONICUS for five buckaroos plus fifty percent off! I only saw it once and I could not go that long! The second view was much better than the first. The box is so cool and the music is very good. If you have not seen Demonicus, I recommend you do this or if you rent and hate Demonicus to give him another chance because another view of it can change your mind. If you saw a copy of Hollywood Video for the price I took because you do not pass it as it is a lot! Demonicus is a very different but fun movie. is like watching an interactive video game without playing! It has a very low budget and actors are sure no one is familiar. We started the video game. I want to say a movie with a guy and a woman somewhere in Italy and there is a cave that looks like a railway tunnel / train and says she does not go in there and what she does - Nobody listened to her! He goes in there and finds a bunch of gladiating artifacts and armor, and a body almost perfectly preserved by a legendary gladiator named Tyrannous! Where was the chair from which Tyrannous stood and how his body stayed so well and where was the Pot? So, every cave is full of a Pottoman? Tiranos wears his apparel, helmet and he has a gun or two. He does the worst thing a person can do, he puts the helmet and is taken over by the Tyranno spirit! From there he walks on foot, killing all the nearby comrades to bring the true Tyrannos back. Now I told myself before in a video game. It's hard to explain, but I feel like it is. The music really sounds like video games. The actor is really terrible. The actors say things like why doing so, oh was Nuts already and Fine since he is not going home! The movie also has some major mistakes as a guy runs and tries to find his girlfriend in the night and still runs during the day while still searching for her without taking a break! This movie has some bugs, but it's not a classic as a werewolf, but it's fun if you like really low budget budgets prone to errors, then you should see the Demonicus better!
