Writer / director Henry Brommel has done a wonderful job with his film, "Panic," since 2000, and includes his choices: William H. Macy, Tracy Ullman, John Ritter, Neve Campbell, Donald Sutherland, Barbara Bain, David Dorfman. Brommel played Ullman and Ritter in extremely unpleasant roles, and off-beat casting is a welcome change over what we normally see. "Panic" is the story of a hit man, Alex (Macy) who actually works for his father (Sutherland). He covers his real profession by posting orders; by all appearances, he and his wife (Ullman) and their son Sammy (Dorfman) are a typical suburban family. Unhappy with his life, Alex seeks the help of a psychiatrist (Ritter), saying only to his mother (Bain). In the waiting room, he meets a young woman (Campbell) to whom she is immediately attracted, which complicates her situation. Mom breaks his promise and tells his father about a psychiatrist. When Alex gets the next task, he discovers he has to kill the psychiatrist. This is a profound story of a gentle and good man made in a murderer by a father monster with his acquaintance mother who kills his father, but he also can not stand up to him and give up . His anger is so deep that he has lost his emotional strain to almost everything and everyone except his son - and finally his son raises him from a near-life repression. When it is time for "Panic" to move, it happens - quickly. Panic does not seem to panic at all. In fact, it's moving very slowly. But it's moving slowly, not because it's done badly - the slowness is deliberate, mirroring Alex's psyche slowly emerging from the fog. By making a decision about Sara, Campbell's character, and seeing his mark, his own psychiatrist, as a living and breathing human being, Alex begins to connect what he does and who he is - and not Jive. And the difference between the two could lead to the loss of another psyche, by Sammy. William Macy gives another brilliant performance as a loving father, a distant husband and a cold killer, the child of two monsters who never care about the misfortunes for his feelings or desires, a man who finally realizes that must climb to the plate or repeat the cycle. It's not the type of drama that plays well in a cinema. She is too adult, too small, too subtle, too character-oriented and too good.
