It is always sad when "marginal" films such as these are ignored by most filming. "Panic" is a wonderful, compelling and moving study of a character who feels stuck in the futility of his own life. William H. Macy, like Alex, is as convincing as ever. This beautiful actor seems to have a special talent to draw you from your hearts, no matter how wrong its characters might be; we may not always condemn the life styles of the protagonists they play, but the emotions of fear and confusion they evoke in us are often too painful. The title "Panic" seems paradoxically initially, given the lack of obvious emotion. At one point, Alex tells the doctor he's rarely upset. And yet, as this story unfolds, it becomes increasingly obvious that anger and despair, not indifference, are the driving forces behind this man. More than once, I was reminded of his performance in "Fargo" another powerful movie. In both "Fargo" and "Panic," we are witnessing a middle-aged man who seems to have been out of sync with the rest of his life. He has lost his way, and the only way to disappear seems to be darkness. He connects with Sarah, a 23-year-old woman (mesmerized by Neve Campbell), whom she meets in an office doctor. Thematically, this union is less coincidental, more farther than fate. Alex finds a certain level of comfort with Sarah, perhaps feeling like a colleague, like him, someone who has lost his way and floating unnecessarily for the rest of his life, waiting for powerlessness to inevitably end it. The call to such films is a frank and compelling way for Neve Campbell to respond to those criticisms that cast doubt on his acting skills. Too many times are the characters they played that are weakness, giving Campbell no depth in which to flex his muscles acting. However, this performance can be a stop for many. <br /> <br /> In a perfect cinematic world, not only would there be more films such as "Panic," but they would also be appreciated by a much wider audience. If you watch movies for the richness and depth of the characterization, rather than just the latest special effects of the latest generation, then, for you, "Panic" is unthinkable. A +.
