The effects of work-related stress and the pressures generated by a moral dilemma that ends the conscience against the obligations of a family business (even if it is unique) brought to the head by - or perhaps the catalyst - a mid-life crisis examined in the dark drama and absorbing, "Panic," written and directed by Henry Bromell, with William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. It is a clear look at how indecision and denial can cause internal conflicts and misery that ultimately leads to apathy and the moment of truth, when the conflict must ultimately be resolved in the end. Alex Macy) is tired; he has a loving wife, Martha (Tracey Ullman), a six-year-old son, Sammy (David Dorfman), a mail order business that he takes home, and the main source of income, the family "business he shares it with his father, Michael (Sutherland), and his mother, Deidre (Barbara Bain). But he is naked, years of activity of this trade have left him numb and detached, putting him in a mental state that determined to see a psychologist, Dr. Josh Parks (John Ritter). And to make matters worse (or perhaps better, depending on the perspective), Dr Parks' waiting room meets a young woman, Sarah Cassidy Neve Campbell), whose presence alone makes him feel alive for the first time. It quickly becomes another brick in the wall of the moral conflict his service visits, for in the days after the meeting he can no longer think of it All his life seems to have become a "situation" - one d who apparently is unable to free himself successfully without harming those he loves. He can deny his age and the fact that he really has entered a real crisis in the middle of his life, but he is about to discover that the problems he is facing simply will not disappear on his own. He is at a crossroads, and will have to decide how to go. And he'll have to do it very soon. From a concept that is intrinsically interesting, Bromell has conducted a horrible, insightful and incisive character study, and he has shown that it is a way that allows moments of reflection that allow the audience to feel and understand what Alex is doing. He makes it very clear that there are no simple answers, that in real life there is no easy way out. Its characters are well-defined and very real people, representing the diversity found in life and, moreover, within any given family unit. The film repeatedly implies that the sins of the father are irrevocably transferred to the descendants, with irreversible consequences and effects. When you grow up, you accept your personal environment as the world in general; and often from adulthood, one can begin to understand and understand that there are actually moral parameters established by every person heading to the planet and that those established by the father can not lead to the principles of the son. And at that moment Alex discovers as the story unfolds; ergo, the crisis in the middle of life or, more precisely, the crisis of consciousness from which he can not escape. It is a powerful message, succinctly and subtly transmitted by Bromell, with remarkable performance from its actors. For some time, William H. Macy was one of the premiere characters in the business, creating characters as diverse as Quiz Kid Donnie Smith in "Magnolia", The Shoveler in "Mystery Men" and Jerry Lundegaard in "Fargo". And that's just a test of his many achievements. At one point in this film, Sarah mentions Alex's "sad eyes" and is a very full comment, because here is Macy's performance power here, his ability to transmit very real emotions in an undervalued way credibly expressing all the inner distress that he is experiencing. Consider the scene in bed in the dark; at that anxious moment, it is clear that he is struggling not only with his immediate situation, but also with everything he has given in his life, eventually, to this point. In that scene you find the total amount of a life of guilt, confusion and uncertainty, all of which have been successfully suppressed so far; all things that have always been at the center of Alex's life, only now moving through his defense mechanisms, and eventually stretching, demanding confrontation and resolution. He is a complex character created and delivered by Macy with absolute precision that makes Alex truly memorable. It is a character that anyone who will ever face a seemingly insurmountable chance will be able to relate. It's a great piece of work by one of the best actors around. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is also extremely effective; Michael is desperately desperate in such a real way that he is cold. It is frightening, in fact, to consider that there are people who really go to the earth. This is not a pulp fiction or a James Bond negative character, but a true personification of the evil that is hiding behind an outer appearance that is so normal that it could be the next guy, which makes it all the more disturbing. And Sutherland brings everything in brilliant life with extraordinary performance. Neve Campbell shows Sarah's side, but her performance (as is the case with her) seems somewhat pretentious, though her behavior here is going to fit into character and is actually a positive aspect of the movie. If only she will occasionally turn her energies inside, it would make a big difference in the way she presents her characters. "Panic", however, is one of her best efforts; a powerful movie that ultimately is a good trip worth taking. 9/10. <br /> <br />
