Why Panic has never achieved good theatrical communication is easy to see: he is too smart and the audience would probably have had a difficult time with him, comparing it with the American Beauty in Investigating a Mid-Life Crisis, and Sopranos and the Analysis of illegal travel in family life. Although panic seems to be from non-original material, Brommel's personal personal characters, accompanied by a skilful dialogue and an observer direction, make the film a realistic picture of the overthrow of a middle-aged man. William H. Macy plays as Alex, a hitman working for his father's (Sutherland) contract of killing. He leads a double life together with his wife (Ullman) and his son without knowing his true trade. At the middle age, he gets more and more disgusted with what he has done all his life. Under his calm, the collected façade gives rise to repressing resentment to understanding his father's control over his life. When he meets a young woman (Campbell), he feels reinvigorated and decides it's time to give up the family business. The fact that the writer / director Henry Brommel has decided to make the profession that his main character tries to break away from the killing contract is disposable. He could easily replace it with any unwanted profession; his characters are so well-developed and credible, the scenes are manipulated so well and realistically, and the dialogue written so insidious and natural that the focus is on Macy's conflicting character rather than at his place of success. Brommel's script feels like a Shakespearean tragedy, with a clear theme of life-long destiny. In Alex, Macy creates a tragic, slightly sympathetic character and turns into another performance, to be expected. Donald Sutherland is also effectively abrasive and abusive as his arrogant father and Ullman's turn as Macy's wife is a welcome change for the comedian. Consider a scene in a bicycle store, where the mood darkens and peaks in a scene of emotional confusion. Henry Brommel's first feature, Panic, is a film that is well done in its sincerity. With a first-rate cast, a plausible screenplay, a spirited dialogue and a beautiful direction, this character study is hopefully just a taste of Brommel's ability to create characters that seem real. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
