First of all, it was not a three-hour movie - Two hours, ten minutes ... The last time we checked the commercials are not really part of a movie! Perhaps, however, it should have been a two floor ground for a total of about 3 hours? Yes, he would have come in more, he was able to explore some emotions. On the whole, however, it was an interesting look in the lives of Lucy and Desi. I'm watching I Love Lucy from time to time and I love him, but I never read or saw a biography, I never knew anything about their life on the screen. Because of this movie I'm doing now, but I'm not so sure it's a good thing. Everything from here should not have been known. It was essentially a movie that was not supposed to be done. But it was done and the reason is because Lucy & Desi are still so huge and some people in American society feel that the rest of society needs to know ALL about our television and movie stars. This is definitely not so real and very, very sad. Anyway, what was shown here in Lucy was pretty good. Two complaints - the actress who played Viv Vance - is not a big casting at all. And the transition from Madeline Zima to Rachel York ... uhhh, as Lucy did plastic surgery and suddenly it's a whole new person! That was not too big. But the story continued and focused on the rocky relationship between Lucy & Desi. No, the children did not show up at all and that was not necessarily a disadvantage for this film, because as I said, this was mainly focused on Lucy & Desi. If there had been more time, the story would have been more about Lucy's entire life, then the children could have been there for a long time. But they did not look like a lot like Gable & Lombard, Red Skelton and Buster Keaton. Wow, it was something about this story that I thought was really cool: her presence and influence in Lucy's life. Very clean and too bad it was not explored anymore. Good. What has been explored has done well for the most part. Frankly, I do not think I'll ever forget again and I do not think this movie will be memorable. For someone who digs I Love Lucy but is not an enormous Lucille Ball fan, it should be an exciting watch. My degree for this: B
