Last Christmas, I was fortunate enough to get one of the sets of 1200 Ultimate Bourne sets from my better half, but not to see the final part of the trilogy until yesterday. Considering how many recent trilogies have fallen over the finishing line, instead of going triumphant through it, I was somewhat cautious about getting closer to The Bourne Ultimatum, but I should not have been worried. The electric action sequences and hunting scenes blend effortlessly with intelligent stories of stories to make this one of the best thrillers of action I remember to see and a sublime end of an excellent series. Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns after an apparent leak about Operation Blackbriar - a new program based on the old Treadstone project - to journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) at the Guardian. Decisive to discover more about the half-past, Bourne resumes the route once more, but others at the CIA, including Deputy Director Noah Vosen (David Strathairn), think that Bourne himself is leaking and is beginning to follow the rogue agent with force reinvigorated. Can Bourne finally find the answers he has been looking for or the old employers to reassure him forever? <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt a little disappointed with The Bourne Supremacy because it destroyed the realism of its action scene brands and focused on being a spy movie of its own. Not to say that it has lost it altogether, but compared to the fantastic "Bourne Identity", it resembles a burning spy novel rather than a thriller of action. There is no such concern here - every car crash, punch, blow and gun shot are heard and felt with visceral delight, but fortunately, it still keeps an intelligent and exciting spy story in the heart to ground the action. It also brightens the two previous films, providing the trilogy with a suitable backup, as things are explained and extended to the full picture. Performances over the years are almost innocuous - even Julia Styles is starting to offer something more than summer bookshelves. The only true downward thing is that this, like other Bourne movies, does not have much to do with the original novel, but if you're not Ludlum's fan, it's not really a real reason not to like a movie as the highest level. I do not like anything more than a movie that surprises me and, despite my fears, "The Bourne Ultimtum" is a bit of a cracked action movie that is pretty tedious to satisfy the flesh as a plot that never threatens to leave your attention for one minute. Even at the last drum, you're never sure if a happy ending is assured, but if you're a fan of the show or not (and if not, what do you want more?), This is a movie you should watch down as soon as possible. No wonder this series forced Bond producers to give up forty years of film history to start again. Bourne is a modern spy hero and made recent Bond films more like Austin Powers compared until "Casino Royale" gave the Bond series the reboot he desperately needed. Losing Jason Bourne's films is an extraordinary crime - go and get a copy of your DVD. Not Ultimate Bourne Collection though - limited edition, I'm afraid!
