Bourne Ultimatum is the third and final trip for super spy Jason Bourne, a man who is about to kill the people who turned him into a murderer. The Bourne Series is one of the highest trilogies of critics (Ultimatum has 85/100 on metacritic.com, meaning status is "universal applause") and for good reason - the fight is very good choreography and the deep story can be very first , I advise you to watch The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Supremacy, the two fantastic ultimatums of Ultimatum. There may be three different films, but in reality all are a continuity of each other: missing a leaf you get confused, as we have been .. You will still be about to enjoy the action and ultimatum scenes battle if you missed the first two, but then the story will surely lead to some confusion. /> <br /> If you were lucky enough to see the prequel of this movie, you probably had a show watching Bourne escape his enemies and look for the one who stabbed him from the Supremacy. Jason Bourne plays Matt very well? Damon, Damon does nothing to deserve an Oscar, but his work here is good enough to take her into account. Bourne's adventures take place in many different cities; cities are all varied enough to keep the film getting weaker. The Bourne Tracking Agency takes advantage of any technological tool known to mankind to track it. I will not go into the details about the characters because these are the sequels of the first two films. However, it would not hurt the movie to express a few things for the audience - not every spectator is a rough film observer, which can raise any suggestion about story development. Ultimatum would not have been affected at all if the story was a bit higher. It seems that most people agree that the Ultimatum was a movie success: the film was opened at 69 million dollars and - the total box office is now up to $ 216 million - it is still going very strong for a movie who has been in the theater since August 3. It's the best action movie I've seen from Live Free or Die Hard. /> Okay) Damon is solid but not spectacular, very smart Bad movie) The story is like many others
