Dramatic license - some hate it, although it is necessary to tell every story about life. In the Lucy case, Lucille Ball's main points, early career and 20-year-old marriage with Desi Arnaz are all included, though in a truncated and restored way. The main emotional points in Lucy's life are clarified: Lucille's struggle to find her niche as an actress, eventually blooming the brilliant comedian who made the legend of Lucy Ricardo; a turbulent, romantic and finally impossible with Desi Arnaz; Lucy & Desi, creating the first television empire and forever providing the place in history as the most memorable couple of TV sites. Like Lucille Ball, Rachel York makes a commendable job. Do not expect to see the same miraculous transformation that Judy Davis did when playing Judy Garland, but York makes Ball charming and still full of love and is very funny in itself. Even though her comedy is different from Lucy's, she's still credible. The film never comes into detail about his perfectionist behavior on the stage, and his ill-treatment by Vivian Vance in "I Love Lucy" early, but York's portrayal of Lucy in private rehearsals is a delightful inclusion. > Daniel Pino is thinner and less charismatic than the real Although he has his own charm and makes the most decent job with Desi's emphasis, especially in the opening scene. Madeline Zima was decent, if not too memorable, as Lucy aged. Vivian Vance and William Frawley have not been presented much, fortunately because Rebecca Hobbs and Russell Newman were not very convincing in their roles. Not that they are not good actors in their own right, but that they were not fit for the people they were playing. Most of the actors were from Austrail and New Zealand, and repressed accents are sometimes detectable. Although the main structure of the film lacks the historical fact, there are many deviations, some for seemingly inexplicable reasons. Jess Oppenheimer, the scenographer of the show "My Favorite Husband," which began in 1948, is described in this film as coming on stage to help "I Love Lucy" in 1951, completely ignoring the fact that he was the main creator! This film also portrays Marc Daniels as the principal director, "I Love Lucy," for his entire run, completely ignoring the fact that he was replaced by William Asher after the first season! Also, although I think this is due to budget constraints, it is shown that Ricardo inhabitants live in the same apartment for their entire stay in New York when they actually changed apartments in 1953. The kitchen set is slightly larger and smaller than and the original. The House of Connecticut looks pretty close to the original, except for the right and left sides of the house, which have been condensed and restructured. <br /> <br /> There is, though, talking about buying RKO in 1953, during Lucy's incident, even though RKO did not hit the market until 1957. These changes might prove dramatic and the film does not work to transmit the main facts, but would have hurt them to show a little more respect for Oppenheimer and Asher, two vital figures in the history of "I Love Lucy"? The biggest gaffe comes in the "I Love Lucy" recreation scenes, at least some of them. It's always risky to recreate something that's captured on the film and seen by billions of people, all the more so when unusual changes are made. The giant bread scene was truncated and someone familiar with that episode would immediately notice the differences! The number "We have a baby" has also been shortened, but besides being virtually dead. By far, the best scene was "grape harvesting," with Rachel York, who struck Lucy's manners. The producers made the wise decision not to try to directly re-create the "Vitametavegamin" bits and candy factories, instead showing the actors to repeat them. These scenes proved to be effective due to this approach. The main guilt of the film is that it makes the assumption that the audience already knows a lot about Lucy's life, because many of them are disturbed or omitted at all. Generally, however, it offers a decent portrait of Lucy & Desi's marriage, and errors can actually be overlooked when character development works effectively.
