She now has a name, an identity, some memories, and a lost girlfriend. All she wanted was to disappear, but they still followed and destroyed the world she had just built. Now, he wants an explanation and make way for people how they did what he is. Yeah, Jason Bourne is back and this time he's here with a revenge. OK, this movie does not have the most elaborate scenario in the world, but its themes are very smart and ask some serious questions about our society. Of course, like any Hollywood movie from the late 90's, "The Bourne Suprematy" is a super heroic story. Jason Bourne is a US captain's project that has completely disappeared. In the first film, the hero discovered his skills and accepted them in the second film. Now he is fighting what he considers evil after a close person was killed (his girlfriend in the "Supreme"). All this is part of the story of the superhero, including a character with super powers (realistic but still impressive: he almost invincible). And interesting is the fact that he's fighting all over the world (there are no borders in Bourne's films, the characters go from one continent to another in blink of an eye), it is, like in the best seasons of "24", an American enemy , who thinks that fighting for the good of his country blinds him completely. Funny how "mad patriots" are now N.1 enemies in Hollywood's paranoid stories. Besides all those interesting themes, the film is not perfect: Nickie Parson's feminine character is now completely useless and the direction is quite uniginal when it comes to dialogue scenes. But all that does not matter, because "The Bourne Ultimatum" is an action movie. And the action scenes are pretty impressive. Everyone here talks about the "Waterloo scene" and about "watching Tanger," and everyone right. I was particularly glad of the Tangier struggle that reminds me of Tsui Hark's exaggeration and madness. Invented visual scenes, lots of intelligent parts of action and a good reflection on the contemporary American themes: "The Bourne Ultimatum" is certainly the best film of the series and a very exciting and original action.
