I watched both Bourne Identity and Bourne Supremacy on DVD before seeing this in the theater. I've been waiting for this since they started filming. I was not disappointed. <br /> <br /> Minor spoilers below - overall, was good, but also lacked the continuity of the first two. Identity and supremacy evolved gracefully between the action of adrenaline and introspective drama. This movie was sometimes hesitant. The plots of the plot were easily extracted. This made the next move feel too frenetic. Room: Speaking of frenzy, the Greengrass brand was present and very annoying to me. I know he / she was nauseous / crying on the message, but it does not mean it's not relevant. All the martial arts training that the actors have been through have been lost. The ridiculous operation of the cameras and the overturning of the camera have ruined most of the fighting in the movie. It's a cheap student trick to make the movie feel restless. I would expect these techniques to be used in some horror films made for high school children, but not in this classic, adult action series. Too much extreme closing, too. Make some cadres. Take some interesting photos. Constantly almost feels like a lazy direction for me. Story: The story was very confusing at first. I share new names and faces from you. It gave me the feeling that you are when you enter a late film and you know that you have lost some crucial information. Felts have rushed or compressed for reasons of time. Once you get the story is pretty good. She is pleased to drive along with Bourne. Still, I did NOT take care of the last scene of Supremacy (Landy / Bourne on the phone) amidst the Ultimatum. In principle, the movie makes half a prequel. I thought it was weird. Cast / Characters: The star of the movie is the action. Obviously, there are only two originals left. Bourne and Nicky Parsons. Their team was a little weird to me. I think they just wanted to give Bourne somebody to protect him and confess him. If I have not completely lost anything, I never tell you why they joined. The other assassins in the movie were pretty quiet. This was like Gilroy / Greengrass / whoever wishes not to leave open heads. Meaning, but disappointing. Seriously, Damon with Clive Owen in identity and Marton Csokas in supremacy. These scenes were phenomenal. These assassins are just as uninteresting as the Castle (the first Bourne fights in Identity). Distribution in general degraded as the series continued. Clive Owen was basically a later idea. This is a measure of force for that first distribution. Second, the practical trade with Chris Cooper for Joan Allen ... It's not exactly equal. It sells Brian Cox and Franka Potente for 3 actors to be named later. Nothing against David Strathairn, Scott Glenn or Albert Finney, but they are not the first names that come to mind for such series. Apart from some breaks that seemed to last, the act was right on. Overall, it was successful. They felt it like he wanted to take his series though. If he cut off or rearranged the slower parts, he would have completely eliminated Scott Glenn's side, diminished his image and taken the room away from the victim, it would have been perfect. <br /> <br /> I do not understand why I leave Bourne alive. My understanding was the conclusion. They clearly referred to the beginning of the series, with its floating motionless motion. I thought that would be. A type of complete end circle. I liked Nicky reacting to the news report, though. <br /> <br /> SPOILER SPECIFY WARNING - QUOTE FROM MOVIE below - Bourne's last line at the end of the year. "Look at that. Look at what makes you give, citing the first assassin (except that it was Vosen {Strathairn} who shot Bourne.Why would he do that? Just for revenge If it was enough of being angry to kill, why not shoot Pamela Landy after faxing her secret file?
