Bourne Ultimatum - Jason Bourne (Matt Damon in his best role), the newest spy boy in the block, aims to bring his identity closer, as he also tries to end the last CIA program "Blackbriar "like myself. I was so psychic for that, which I looked at yesterday today. The identity was just as brilliant as I remember, and supremacy remains a weak (but still pleasant) chain link for the slightest plot, and besides a tracking machine that this movie easily tracks, it's easy without action and suspense. <br /> The boy, Ultimatum has suspense! Even when you know that Bourne will get rid of the authorities (and the boy makes these films reflect the police as inept), he's still brilliant to follow him. It's great to think two guys with guns and mopeds can create 10 times more suspense than all 150 million giant robots in Transformers. filming a documentary film, even by filming characters that are far from ordinary, in places like the CIA headquarters, where they would not allow anyone to travel within 10 miles of a video camera. It seemed to me that I was listening to my various complaints with Supreme, because the action in the Ultimatum is nothing more than an amazing inspiration with various tools used as weapons like a candlestick, a hardcover book (I will never look at the same thing again) electric fan (Do not ask). Music has also helped generate a lot of suspense, and there was no time to bite it. The action is good, and the evolution of Julia Stiles 'Nicky' puts it in a very nice light. Damon plays the signature role with reserve, but the competence (which seems minor but really Matt Damon could escape from the CIA and Interpol is something), but amazing moments of headaches while still struggling to make a comeback, and find humanity. This desire for a real life could become boring and almost did it in Supremacy, but it works better in Ultimatum (better scenario). <br /> <br /> I remember a scene in the movie "Goldeneye" (Pierce Brosnan Bond's only good movie) where Sean Bean's character asks James if the witnesses ever deny the shouts of all the men they take killed. Bourne regrets all the people he killed and he thinks (or at least makes me think) about the significance of no purpose, meaningless life, and how the government turned people into resources. However, resources that know Krav Maga and can do weapons of any kind. Sidenote: I was always bothered by the fact that despite being upset and being hunted by the CIA, Interpol and the police almost anywhere, Bourne never thought he would make even the least of his attempts to make a comeback, and hide features or create new passports. Sunglasses can? <br /> <br /> If you have a momentum and love movie, the Bourne Ultimatum is for you. Hell, it's probably the best action movie to come out this year. Of course, you would be a fool to see him without seeing others first. It's kind of touching the end, but I almost feel tempted to get over it. This is the first "3" movie this summer to match at least if it does not exceed the original and that says something. <br /> <br /> A-
