First of all, speaking out like no fan of the genre, "The Bourne Ultimatum" is a gorgeous, virtuous, superb action movie. Second, it's a bad thing of supercar hero caricature stuff. Thirdly, the film has a complex, important aspect, about war criminals who turn into criminals themselves. There is no reference to Abu Ghraib or to the scandalous international attacks of national authorities on constitutional rights, none is necessary. <br /> <br /> So, the most recent in the Bourne series, in the hands of Paul Greengrass 2004 "Bourne Supremacy" and "United 93" last year, is a significant achievement, it can be held back but is not diminished by the inevitable excesses of gender. a complementary adjective and a description of the physical sensation: more than an hour from the first frame, the viewer retains his breath, pushed back on the chair, through the force of a tireless, globalized, and highly suspicious action. There is no break, no variation in the rhythm and shooting of the movie, and yet it never becomes monotonous and tiring how to make related music videos after just a few minutes. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Oliver Wood's in-your-film is doing the best in Tony Gilroy's script in Robert Ludlum's 1990 novel (which does not fit well with the 'Bourne Identity' written over a decade before). Matt Damon is once again the inevitable, irreplaceable Bourne, the most deadly of the fantastic CIA agents, this time taking over the entire agency in search of his identity, his past and the mysterious agency program that turned him into a car killing. Nothing is the same as his quiet hero, Edward R. Murrow, always the wonderful David Strathairn, is the most ugly officer of the top agency, along with Bourne, trying to hide illegal "no-prisoner" policies and brutal procedures . /> Joan Allen plays what seems to be Good the Cop against Strathairn's Bad One. And Julia Stiles is the agent who comes back to Bourne's help; a combination of the Greengrass direction and the Stiles action results in a surprising impact by an almost silent character, lack of communication, and empty expression more interesting than dialogue miles. It's so good that "The Bourne Ultimatum" is moving away from the old man's fragment, this time stretching to ridiculous excesses, because Bourne defies the constraints of geography, time, gravity ... and physics in general. (Can you fly back with a car from the top of a building? Why not look great.) All this "real" magic - jump from country to country in seconds, get to an unknown location just like , when and how it is needed - surpasses the improbabilities of cartoons with special effect and the superhero. And yet, only a flawless pedant would allow "deeds" to interfere with the bourgeois ecstasy of Bourne's fantasy.
