I thought Rachel York was fantastic like Lucy. I saw her in "Kiss Me, Kate" and "Victor / Victoria", and in each of these shows she developed very different and very real characters. She is a chameleon who can play (and sing) anything! I am very surprised at how many negative comments appear here regarding Rachel's performance in "Lucy". Even some television and bonafide television critics seem to have missed the view of the portrait. So many people have focused on the fact that Rachel does not look like Lucy. My answer to this is, "And what?" I was not looking for lucky confusion of Lucy. I wanted to find out more about the true woman behind the clown. And Rachel has certainly given us this, in a great depth. I also did not want to see someone simply "doing" the classic Lucy routines. So I was very pleased with the decision of the producers and the director that Rachel would portray Lucy in rehearsals for the most memorable of these scenes - Vitameatavegamin and The Candy Factory. (It seems that some of the reviewers did not realize that these two scenes were meant to be rehearsal sequences rather than actual scenes). This approach, I thought, gave an innovative propensity to the sketches that many of us know from the very beginning. I also thought Rachel was extremely fresh and amusing in these scenes. He embellished the routines that were recreated - the teacher and grape stomping in particular. It was a stage of grape, where Rachel's corner of the mouth had exactly the little twist I remember Lucy. I could not think he managed to capture it-and so naturally. I wonder if many of those who criticized the show expected Lucille Ball to see "I Love Lucy" the entire movie. After all, those of us who came to know her only through television had no idea what Lucy really was in the early filming years. I think Rachel has shown a natural progression in the brilliant character. She planted all the seeds so we could see the clown waiting to come out, given the right set of circumstances. Lucy did not match the mold of the old studio system. In her frustrating attempts to become the stereotypical film star of that era, she continued to repress what she had proved to be her final gifts. I think Rachel has skillfully captured comedy, drama, intelligence, sadness, anger, passion, love, ambition, loyalty, sexuality, self-absorption, childhood and stoicism have turned into a single complex American icon. And she did it with authenticity and freshness that was totally bold. "Lucy" was a star tower for Rachel York. I hope it will bring a wave of great roles in the future. I also hope he brings an Emmy.
