When the Bourne Identity arrived five years ago, I must confess that I did not think too much about it. When I was eleven, I was probably too young to actually get into the scene and understand the whole scenario. Two years ago, when Bourne Superior arrived, I thought it was a better movie than Identity, but still I did not think it was as good as I would have expected it to be judged by trailers. Over the past two years I have been told many times that the Bourne movies were amazing, often had to bite my tongue and not say what I thought about movies. Until two months ago, I could not have fucked Bourne Ultimatum, I did not intend to follow her. But then I decided to go back and follow the first two before making steep decisions. So I went out and bought both original movies. And what a surprise it was when I got caught up with them. Identity I found the superior of the two, but supremacy is not far behind. They are so boring, action-packed and cinematic thrills that we have been watching many times since we bought them. That's why I was first in line to see the Bourne Ultimatum. And the boy did not disappoint the Bourne Ultimatum! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon has never been one of my favorite actors until he appeared in Bourne movies, I've seen him in Talent Mr. Ripley, but I did not think too much about him in general . However, it seems he was born to play Bourne (forgive him). Throughout this series we saw the change of character just before our eyes, in this movie we see Matt Damon at the best, even better than he was in The Departed and I thought it was one of the best things from The Departed. You really find yourself taking care of the character and hoping he finds it all. Matt Damon plays the role with a tranquil intensity and always finds his character extremely credible. The film's supportive film was absolutely exceptional. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things in the Bourne Supremacy, here it excels. Her character is also very credible and has some great action moments towards the end of the movie. Julia Stiles returns again as Nicky and finally learns a bit about her character. Julia Stiles is a very underestimated actress and I think she deserves much more roles, decent roles than she. David Strathairn is a newcomer to this series as Noah Vosen, he is certainly the bad guy of the movie and he really excels. He is definitely the most prolific person I have ever met, and some of the decisions he makes are truly unfortunate. Strathairn fulfills his role, and he also has some superb scenes in the film. Special testimony must also be Albert Finney, who takes full advantage of the short time on the screen, will not say anything about the character, which is best left as a surprise, but believe me his scenes are some of the most important aspects of the film. <br /> <br /> Bourne's films have always had a strict focus on the story more than the sequences of action, this does not mean that the trilogy does not have sequences of action, a good god there is not a lot of them dotted- alongside the movies. But broadcasting throughout the film is a very well written and well-implemented story. This story ends in the best possible way in this movie. When I looked at supremacy one night before seeing the Ultimatum, it was nice because I could see some small parts. This very final scene of Supremacy in New York is more important than I imagined then. You will not hurt it for the people, but I recommend you check the Supremacy before seeing the Ultimatum. Unfortunately, for a lot of people, they will go to see the Ultimatum just because of the action sequences. This is where I should condemn such people and say they should see him for the story, but I would have lied if I did not say that my favorite parts of the Bourne series as a whole are the pursuit of cars. Vehicle tracking in identity is one of my favorite cars of all time. Action in Ultimatum must be the best in the Bourne series. In fact, the film starts with a sequence of action in Moscow. So during the movie we get a lot of blows, all violent and brutal shocking. A cycling track that is absolutely stunning, many kicks that are even more amazing, a thrilling carnage of cars that is unforgettable, and oh much more! But the emphasis for me must be the scene at Waterloo Station, it will not destroy it, but for some reason I got it. So any defects for the movie? In my eyes, not, but if you are not a fan of the Bourne series or you have not seen the last two, then I would not recommend the Ultimatum for you. The movie does not try to win over our new fans because it relies on what makes the franchise best and just adds a little more story and action sequences on the top. Bourne Ultimatum is undoubtedly the best of the series and the best blockbuster since 2007. As James Bond fanatics, it is a great honor for me to say that Ultimatum is much better than most Bond films and believe me a lot for me to say this. While Bourne as a whole might not be a better franchise than the Bond series, it is certainly almost equal.
