I've never been one that would not have meant that most action movies just do nothing for me. Most of the time there are blatant vehicles to throw things up to show sexy models and to throw any window of reality or intelligence. With this, the Bourne series was fantastic. Doug Liman ushered in a new way of action, using a true cinema style, pointing to maximum power struggles, and making someone a spy super-emotional and human. This is not the sci-fi absurdity that was Bond (before making a review in the style of this series no less). There were many things to worry about when Bourne supremacy came out. With the resumption of director Paul Greengrass, what could have been a copy of the second version of the original was an improvement in style and flair. The stakes were lifted and the story was increased due to it. Greengrass must receive a ton of credit to be able to keep appearances with the latest installment, The Bourne Ultimatum. As an amazing conclusion to top-notch trilogy, action is brought to a new level, and story and performance are never compromised. Once again, Bourne is brought to the CIA's mind by false claims. Someone spied information about the Treadstone upgrade called Blackbriar, and once Bourne is located, trying to talk to the new writer who broke the story, he's supposed to be the swamp. Only Pamela Landy, who was in the situation of finding him in the Supremacy, knows that he can not be the only one. Bourne's motive has always been to remain free of government and to live his life in peace. It was the CIA who continues to bring it out to harm them. What ends so far is that Bourne wants to know the source and finally find out the truth about who he is and what he did as a murderer. Then the movie becomes a watch against time and each other to find the source and to see if the government can shut down bankruptcy and tie all the free heads or if Bourne can avenge those who took his life from him. In what is probably the simplest story of the series, with a single chase that lasts the whole story, it probably has the biggest story of characters and the return of loyalty to expose the corruption that stood behind the complete progress of the story. This, however, is not a detriment, however, because it allows for more car fights and pursuits that work in the full context of the plot. Admission to this film deserves the fight between the apartments, between Bourne and the second CIA asset, alone. The Madrid jump chase is cool on its own, but when they finally meet, we get a ten-minute fight that is as invigorating as any scene you'll see. Also, instead of using a massive tracking car as a climatic play as in the first two films, instead of three small-scale racing, just as intense, but quite failing to never fight the action in monotony. > <br /> After five years of waiting, we also see the origin of our favorite agent with heart and sentiment. By the end of the movie, we'll find out what was causing all the espionage and destruction that took place around it. Nobody could have done better than Matt Damon. He has the physical body and the attitude of being credible in action sequences, but also the range of intelligence and correspondence between cat and mouse with those against him. Joan Allen resumes her role with the same dedication for her job, but also less disappointment for what's happening around her, as Brian Cox's character from the first two films took things in his own hands. Losing a role in that mold, we get a nice road from David Strathairn. Like Cox, he works at the top of the food chain and does not respond to anyone when making a decision. With such an attempt to hide ties with Blackbriar program bosses as he tries to fulfill his duty to his country, you can never measure what he will be able to do. Even the little ones do a wonderful job, like Paddy Considine as the reporter who starts the leak at the heart of everything, Albert Finney as a man from Bourne's past and possibly the key to his origin, and Edgar Ramirez, as one of the CIA agents, Let's get Bourne out. Ramirez is a nice addition to the role played successfully by Clive Owen (Identity), by Karl Urban and by Martin Csokas (Supremacy). He does not talk too much if he is not at all, but he has the look and the robotic efficiency down the bed and hopefully he will get more roles to show what a nice post can do in Domino. Finally, we must applaud Paul Greengrass because he continues to exceed expectations and bring this series to a conclusion based on the success of his predecessors, not on their destruction. His ability to show close to the hand is amazing and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott but without too many cuts that cause convulsions. Rather than feeling like over-production, using it manually increases the environment and puts you in action. Also, believe the cinematographer Oliver Wood, who shot all three Bourne movies. He managed to work with both directors and to work his style in a pleasant harmony with them.
