Jason Bourne sits in a dusty room with blood on his hands, trying to understand what he has done. Meanwhile, a CIA chief in New York highlights the agency's response to what happened just on the screen. An American flag is proudly in the center of his office at the forefront, but as he speaks, he moves away from the fire as his plan stretches over a morally dubious territory, as if he does not want to associate with the course of action that the government man decides is necessary in the interest of national security. This photo effectively captures the mood of the movie. In addition to describing Bourne's search for how Jason Bourne has become, Ultimatum is also an examination of the human cost of the measures taken to protect us in the interests of stability and security. probably the best movie you'll ever see in cinemas this year. <br /> <br /> It's so intense. Bourne tells Simon Ross (Considine): "This is not a newspaper story, it's real," and in public almost you believe it. The room shakes, but it stays pretty stable for you to see everything and feel like you're there with Bourne as he tries to elude the pursuers and the performances are so good that these guys seem like and like the characters they portray instead of being just actors who play well-written roles. The action scenes are so brutal and have a good choreography that they seem instinctive instead of being planned at the slightest movement; stunt work is not at all amazing. Pacing is incredible. It continues to lead to its conclusion, but not so fast that it lets you struggle to divide the plot; the script provides the information you need as quickly and clearly as possible before moving to the next set of tense actions. While they are often simple (the Waterloo sequence is essentially just a man on a phone that is tracked by a man on the phone), they are accused of such a dramatic intensity that you can not take their eyes off of them. The film is just so focused on powering up front that you can not help it get caught up with it. With its intense pieces of action, brilliant story of rhythm and intelligent examination of decisions taken in the name of national security, the Bourne series is the one that captures the ambiguities of our era. Ultimatum is its tip.
