This was basically an attempt to do the same thing as "Batman," which was made with "Gilligan Island" in "Surviving Gilligan Island." For those who missed (and shame!) "Surviving Island Gilligan's" (full title: "Survives Gilligan Island: The incredible story of the longest three-hour tour of history") has been a special one for a few years in In the end, Bob Denver ("Gilligan"), Dawn Wells ("Mary Ann") and Russell Johnson ("The Professor") have told about the creation, cancellation, rediscovery and revival of the show. Along the way, the stories were dramatized with actors who played the original piece and crew. It was very well done. It was funny, very well distributed and came as an authentic documentary of the show. "Return to Batcave: The Misadventures of Adam and Burt" is in a similar style. The repetition of the history of the show, the re-education, the general sense are the same. What is missing is the direct approach Surviving has survived. In "Return", Adam West and Burt Ward receive both invitations to a car show they were not meant to be invited to. After being allowed to stay, Adam and Burt are witnessing the central theft of the show: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Burt decide to pursue themselves, guiding them through clues that make them think about the history of the show. This ultimately leads to the disclosure of those who have stolen Batmobile and why. The choice to use this conceit (in fact, having a plot) is the biggest disappointment of this show. Unlike "Surviving," "Return" forces the spectator to follow a less interesting story (the Batmobile Theft) instead of concentrating on what the audience would most like (the history of the show). historical sections that work best. Casting (as in "Surviving") is excellent. Jack Brewer ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Ward") capture the sense of the actors without looking too much like them. Brett Rickaby ("Frank Gorshin") has a stronger resemblance to his subject, but he does not surprise any of Gorshin's late charm, but only his characters. The arrangements of other actors are short and functional, with none being particularly good or bad. Many of the stories were discussed earlier, but most play funny, with just occasional strange presentation. Another wonderful moment in the historical sections was the use of listening recordings of Lyle Wagoner's Batman battles. The only place where flashbacks fail is when I introduce plotting points made obvious to advance the main story. This accurately decreases the precision of flashbacks. The "main scenario" (if we have to call it) is, of course, absurd. This is not really a fault in itself, but it is not enough to cover the deficit. Strong performances and good writing can compensate for a stupid plot (especially in these kinds of things), but we do not get here either. The shows of West and Ward seem to be somewhat flat (even for them); dialogue too carefully written to make it feel natural. Again, I think the comparison with "Survival of Gilligan Island" can be seen by the fact that the dialogue is largely just there to create a retrospective. In Survival, that's all she's going to be. In the "Return" it tries to make a double fee and, unfortunately, often fails. Gorshin and Newmar do well (though I agree with others that Gorshin did not get old and that Newmar had - and what did Wagoner look like good?) But they are not being offered enough. Again, I think everyone would have been better served by a simpler presentation than the one chosen here. Another strange point about "Turning". This particular is about the TV series "Batman" and its history, yet all the videos presented are from the theatrical film. Even the Wagoner material is technically shot. If you know you're "Bat-history," then you know that the movie was originally planned to be the first one, just to be delayed in favor of the TV show when CBS needed to fill its time quickly. So when Wagoner and West were trying their part, it was about the movie, not about the TV show. Why "return" uses only movies is unclear. Most likely, it has to do with rights issues, but it is a distinct distraction from those who know: seeing Julie Newmar now, but only Lee Meriwether's images like Catwoman in the past. I liked the show, especially for flashbacks. I would prefer the style used in Gilligan's Survival, but I can understand why he would like a more story-oriented piece, taking into account the subject. Besides, I like these people. It's nice to see and see them, still fun with one of the wonderful pieces of entertainment history. I would have liked to have done it a bit better and when more of the original cast was still alive to be there.
