There are many kinds of meeting shows. One way is if the old actors are out of the swamp and are ready to recreate characters they have not played for twenty or thirty years. They have mixed results. "Return to Mayberry," despite some inconvenience, it was good; "Return to Green Acres" (Eddie Albert used a word for the script that I will not repeat here, but for both films and film); "Salvation from Gilligan Island" has filled the necessary space in the story of the shipwrecks, although the show itself was bad even from the point of view of Gilligan's Island. In most cases, the scriptures are weak; sometimes does a stupid thing appear in the scriptures I know too? and in comedy it's almost always fatal that the characters know they're funny. New characters are added that do not match the blend. In principle, these meeting shows are quite weak. A second kind of "reunion" show is the kind in which the cast puts its past aside, but lies around, stories, recall, interspersed with flashbacks from shows. Then, there are show-based movies that are rarely good; and movies based on the story of the show ("The Brady Bunch" had both this with many results). <br /> <br /> "Returning to the Batcade" uses almost all of the above, with a wonderfully twisted look, making it the best meeting show and raising the bar for others. Adam West and Burt Ward were summoned to a presentation of the original Batmobile. While there, the car is stolen. <br /> <br /> The Adam's Vest Adam is a demented man. He called Jerry, his boss, Alfred. He opens a Shakespeare bust in his apartment and reveals a hidden pillar that slides to the parking garage. He's obsessed with being a crime fighter when he's just a scared actor. When the Batmobile is stolen, he not only thinks it's his duty as a crime fighter to recover him, he pulls and does not want Burt Ward's assistant. The pursuit is largely loquacious, and West and Ward recall the old days. It is broken by "flashbacks" with actors playing West and Ward in the old days. Modern scenes and "flashbacks" have both the reality of reality and the spectacle. There are also gags that show that the West is capable of entertaining itself: in Ward's book about the time spent at the show, he spoke honestly about Western libido and also about the fact that he is a skin flower (West does Ward to pay for everything, tips and bus rates). The clues they follow, the characters they meet (even in the flashback) fit the old series' mentality, and there are more tributes, including a punch with sound effects. extremely funny and done with great panache. There are also cameos of Julie Newmar (showing that she had too much facelift) and Frank Gorshin, recalling why she has such a cult following. Gorshin will be the Riddler when Jim Carey, his obvious successor, is forgotten for a long time. The film is based on a rather obvious but funny climax. Is this show a model for reunion shows? Unfortunately, there are few that can fit the model. This show had actors playing old characters; young actors who play a movie about performing the show; West and Ward actors who remember; and a modern movie with the real Adam West playing Adam West dementia. He has everything. If you loved the old show, it's the glass stopper.
