The 70's show is the best ever TV show ever. He's up there with the show Andy Griffen, Saturday Night Live and The Simpsons in my book. The seventeenth exhibition continued for 8 seasons, all focusing on a group of adolescent / young adults who are dealing with separate parenting relationships and their general future. The two main characters, Eric and Donna, are two teenagers who live next to each other. They live next to each other throughout their lives and begin to feel more feelings for each other at the beginning of the first season. A large amount of the show revolves around how their relationship is working. Two other characters, Red and Kitty, are Eric's parents. Red was in service, so he pushed Eric around. Kitty is exactly the opposite. Even if he drinks a lot, he treats Eric and his friends with great care. Bob, their neighbor, is obviously Donna's dad. Bob bangs around with several different women throughout the story of the show. Bob also bothers red completely. The remaining character, Hyde, Kelso, Fez and Jackie, are Eric's friends. They also play a major role in the story of the show. Well, the first season is great. This is the moment when the characters begin to feel new things for each other. The first season is original, fun and enjoyable. The second season is good, although it's not as good as the first. It is a continuation of the first. Eric and Donna are together and everything works great. Season 3 is my favorite. He returned and captured the sense and humor of the first season. I also think character chemistry has improved a lot, making the show more and more fun to watch. Season 4 is not nearly as good. Eric and Donna Arne't together in this movie, making the show a little more enjoyable. It's still fun, though I did not like as much as the previous seasons. The fifth season is the last season I liked all the time. It's the Senior Year of the Gang to really help the story. The fifth season also had the best end of all seasons. The sixth season is good for the most part. It is extremely fun, although it does not capture the senses of other seasons. The band is out of high school, so I think it did not hit the teenager feel the previous seasons have done. I also did not like the last three or four episodes, considering they had a great feeling of feeling. The seventh season captures the same feeling that the 5th season had somehow, though not do not, all the way. I liked the Seventh Season, as we all did, and the ending is wonderful. Eric was not in him, which destroyed him. Kelso was mostly not a part of it, which did not help. I hate the eighth season until the last episode. I thought the last episode was really good, and a final ending to the series. So, generally, if you like the comedy, please try it for 70 years. They stopped doing new episodes, but there's still a lot on TV. We also recommend buying Seasons 1-7. It depends on you if you want to buy Season 8.
