Not since Simpsons made his debut, it was a sitcom I did not want to do in 2 minutes. Of course, it was said that The Simpsons killed the sitcom. Not this, though. The first season was just as the teenage characters were not as outrageous as they later became. They even went to school sometimes. The following character seasons if it came out. Eric, the sarcastic task, Donna, his high-grade girlfriend, Kelso, the dim bulb, Hyde, the conspiracy theorist and the anti-establishment punk, Fez, the perverse student, and Jackie, adult, was the mother of Eric, the suburban mother "you can think he is so ditzy," Eric's father, the right arrow which, of course, was not as strong as it seemed, Donna's father and gentle blonde mom. They are all true to their characters, but Kurtwood Smith's specialists, who find the perfect balance between hardness and still make Red Forman quite sympathetic, without making us throw with unexpected joy. Topher Grace is, of course, the main reason why this show is so good. He is a tough character to play because he does not allow the actor to leave in the wild, such as the Kelso character, played competent by Ashton Kutcher. I enjoyed seeing the two characters interact because they are the most different. Hyde's character is a bit harder to enjoy because it's more realistic and we really need to see the orphan story for the eleventh time, though I say the writers have come up with a brilliant story bow for him in the last seasons. Jackie, interpreted by Family Guy voice artist Mila Kunis, is hilarious and has a nail on a type of blackboard that really matches her character. The only sad part is that I did not see more scenes with her and Eric because they were ... hazlii together. Too much story has been scattered about her relationship problems, since I've already come to this with Eric and Donna. The last one is that the casting of the guest actors has always been great. Few favors: Fez's girlfriend in the middle of the seasons, Pastor Dan, Leo totally awesome, played by the same handsome Thomas Chong, another girlfriend of Fez, who is completely recognized and a special adventure of a teenage Sabrina a pretty Catholic girl. Follow Fox, no matter what.
