I did not like many TV shows after 1990, but CALL 70S SHOW is great. I never saw her during his first round, thinking about a piece of gimmick, I was wrong! I started looking back and the longer I looked, the more I liked it! Now, it's the only post-1990 premiere show I'm watching on a regular basis. Although Theat 70S SHOW imitates some of the styles, attitudes, music and tastes of the '70s, it does not bite itself that decade, passing over the reference and look of the' 70s. It contains so much a funny, weird, weird dialogue that is delivered with confidence and certainty by the main cast, that it surpasses any cliché in the 70s and is just humorous. Humor is what keeps the eternal show to be watched. Although a hilarious sitcom, no matter how much time, the mockery of the 1970s does not work in its favor, given that it gives the show a signature identity. But it focuses on universal issues (family issues, adolescent anxiety, marital affairs, peer pressure) that deals with all of the comic aplomb, which gives the show a mass appeal. one Eric Forman (played to absolute comic perfection by future superstar Topher Grace). Eric is a super-thin, frightening, non-athletic adolescent and still unleashes as super cool due to Grace's self-deprecating genius. Eric has 5 friends Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (playing hilariously by Laura Prepon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Wilmer Valderama). We'll see life in Point Place, Wisconsin, through the eyes of the 6 teenagers and boys, we have a lot to see! Donna, a feminist thinker in perspective, is the subject of Eric's affection and these two have the basic relationship of the show. They become a couple soon after the start of the show and they are NEVER a tedious couple. Most of the shows end with them having a meaningful conversation about them and their future and it acts as a great book that works as a perfect counter to previous hilarity. Hyde is Eric's best friend and soon moves with Forman when his mother abandons him; Hyde is the core, the zen, the cooler of the group and just sits back, observes and makes fun with his friends, with ease aplomb. Kelso is the madman of the group, and Kutcher plays it with his absolute hand, showing amazing physical comedy, as well as telling some of the most absurd ideas and hilarious stories ever! Jackie, who begins as Kelso's girlfriend, is a self-absorbing debut butt, and is only accepted as part of Kelso's b / c group, but manages to encourage himself to the point where everyone has to accept her! And finally, Fez! Fez is an exchange student in an unknown country (we do not know where exactly) and he is a scene falsifier! "I said a good day!" - You son of a b! Tch! Valderama has only a foreign accent here because he does not really have and always has a character and creates one of the most unique characters I've ever seen. His scenes-theft of moments often helps make the show for me. The show constantly takes us into the minds and thoughts of these characters by hiring fantastic scenes of how they would like or imagine things to be. The gang is repeatedly in trouble (most of it). They continue to play gangs on Point Point residents, as well as others. They most often meet in the basement of Eric, pontificating or simply playing around. Also, prominently imaginable are Eric's parents, threatening, rebellious red and lovers, happy Kitty (played memorably by Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp). These two adults give the show a mature perspective and constantly advise the 6 wells. Red and Kitty are only supported by Donna's parents, Bob Bob (who played wonderful for Don Stark's entire leadership) and blonde bimbo daft Midge (super-sexy Tanya Roberts, who was in the show for almost half of her Run). In addition, for three complete seasons, Eric's sister Laurie Hell (played brilliantly sexy Lisa Robin Kelly's sexy Farrah-Fawcett) was a refreshing major relief to counteract the chances of the lead 6 and be the thorn in Eric and her parents " Kelly has returned as guest character for a few Season 5 eps but unfortunately Kelly's personal problems have led her to a new terrible actress in season 6. The newbie did not, fortunately, resist and left after a few seasons 6 eps! Unfortunately, at the end of Season 7, Topher Grace (Eric) and at the start of Season 8, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show and was not recovered since Season 8 proved to be the last. they returned to the final of the series, but gave the show a satisfying end. A lot of great support and cameo characters would help keep the show fresh with nostalgia and humor. Among the best supporting players were Leo (from Tommy Chong), Pastor Dave, Roy (the terrible comic Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, etc. Betty White (MARIA TYLER MOORE SHOW) to play Red and Kitty's mothers, respectively. Many celebrities from the 1970s made appearances from Shirley Jones (PARTRIDGE FAMILY) to Pamela Sue Martin (NANCY DREW) at Charo at Ted Nugent at K.I.S.S! It continues even more! With a lot of nostalgic tributes and references, a hilarious and delivery dialogue and a nonsensical, take-no-prisoners style of comedy stories, the THS 70S SHOW is a classic television!
