Over the years, I have seen a lot of absurd things made by writers when the show had to go smoothly, keeping "8 simple rules" after John Ritter died, comes to mind, he cared. The idea of ​​having the show "The 70's Show" without Eric or, to a lesser extent, Kelso is ridiculous. They tried to cover it with Leo's comeback and increasingly scandalous lines of story, but they always felt like bothering you when you no longer have a main character. It simply was not connected, it was a bunch of things that did not happen that was often not funny. The last season felt that the season was too much for each character, simply because Eric used to take a long time on the screen and now would have destroyed us in front of what the rest of the characters were still and repetitive. Focusing on the fetish that is Fez was completely uninteresting and the character would simply cease to work, because the whole business was that it would say something weird from nowhere and you can not say things from nowhere when every second row is yours . They also brought Oliver's standard cousin, this time it was just not a child. Whenever you heard someone knocking at the door, you started praying that it was not Randy, please do not be Randy. The deal with Randy was that it would make very horrible jokes, usually as Red said, smiling like a butt and totally deceiving the delivery, and Donna would be in stitches. I think more than half of the last season was Donna pretending to be amused. But the problems had begun earlier: what once was a really big show, with an equally large concept, which for once did not refer to a dysfunctional family, slowly entered the soap opera. Everybody has begun to be in love with everyone, emotional scenes have been nasty, just with a joke, usually blades, placed somewhere to distract the attention we watch "How the World Returns." I think it was an evolution of character, but it came on that was written almost as embarrassing as the moral lessons in "Family Problems." To be fair, the last episode also because he had a cocoa of Topher Grace (a cameo in his own show) was very good, though not so funny. By the way, still more critics of season 8: what the hell was the opening theme? Not only have they used the same joke twice (a singer who does not sing), Fez scared the fuck. Dude, do not open your eyes this far. But the first five seasons or so, among the best comedies ever delivered.
