As a typical day begins at Point Place, Wisconsin ... First of all, Red, the Forman family tyrant and a veteran of the Second World War, sits at the kitchen table and reads the newspaper while Kitty's wife serves breakfast. Then comes his poor son, Eric, and he's also sitting at the table, and his dad starts shouting daily, usually involving his footstep behind Eric if he adds the reason here. If her sister promised in front of her, Laurie, she's home, she's back, then Rosa stops and kindly calls out, making Eric feel deserted from his family. Once this daily (painful) ritual is over, Eric arrives to his basement, where all his friends are already in the hangar. And when we get to see them, it becomes obvious that Eric and his redheaded girlfriend, girlfriend, neighbor friend and childhood friend, Donna Pinciotti, are the healthiest people around. Meet Steven Hyde, the conspiracy theorist who hates disco and does not really care about what's around, as long as it's not fun to watch; Michael Kelso, the type guy who thinks he will live his life only by his appearance, and that carrots grow in trees; Jackie Burkhardt, the one who thinks of her as the most beautiful girl around her, the child's pampering rich father and, of course, the cheerleader; and Fez, a naive but exaggerated stranger who loves candy and can not keep a secret. At first, they simply spend, gossip and have fun with Kelso, but then they all sit in a circle and start having fun real fun ... before going out to do something they'll regret later on. Meanwhile, Red comes out and meets the weird parents of Donna, Bob, and Midge. It's rude, but it does not bother them because they think it's joking. Somewhere around him is Leo, an elderly hippie who is constantly confused and makes plays without even noticing. Have you imagined that seemingly peaceful neighborhood with all these wonderful characters? Of course, most seem to be "clichéd," but the show brings the cliché to a new level. Try out some of the worst rows of story a sitcom can offer, sit down and enjoy one of the best TV shows ever. The one who never does the same thing twice, and which, compared to most sitcoms that are "cute fun," is purely hysterical. If you worry, do not let this show let you go. Bite again on the hook and, man, you will see the genre of the sitcom from a whole new perspective.
