Before seeing this, I was expecting just another soft copy of the soft base of the "Emmanuelle" series very imitation with Sylvia Kristel. He was really surprised how good this was. It actually has a story, and it's really very romantic. What makes "Yellow Emanuelle" so good is the heroine leader, beautiful and exotic Chai Lee. Play her character, Emy Wong so sweet, that the viewer must feel something for her when her dreams collapse around her. Emy Wong is a respectable, statue-maker with royal quality. It comes from an old old family, where ancient customs are still practiced. Emy will remain a virgin until he marries, with a man he never knew. Beautiful lady seems fine with this arranged marriage. It's just how to do it in her world. However, he does not intend to meet and fall in love with the British pilot who finishes under his care in the hospital where he works. Emy decides to remove his habit and gives it to Western people. But only after a very long courtesy, as Doctor Wong, she is just a light woman. Her pilot, George, is a good guy and promises to marry Emy so he does not lose respectability and put her in her rigid society. None of them matter to a third party, Ilona Staller, who destroys their relationship through a series of vicious games. Emy is made to believe she was abandoned by her husband, she only played with her to sleep with her. Her place in society has vanished, she has been despondent. The film has a surprisingly dramatic and depressing transformation, as this proud and elegant woman turns her career, as well as a sweet relationship with her caretaker father, and gives her a life of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised to find myself so much in this tragic opera story. I was at the edge of the chair when George went back to the city and came in without knowing in a hotel where Emy's beautiful work as a prostitute! Classical drama. I imagine many viewers were a little frustrated by this drama. We expected lots of sex and nudity here, but it's not too much. And when it exists, it is totally non-exploiting, very artistic and soft-core. If you are a fan of the first Emmanuelle, with Sylvia Kristel, you will most likely appreciate this, less known classic. I was particularly impressed by the attention paid to the details. The whole segment where Emy brings George to his father's house on the island is very beautiful. Her father shows George and the spectator of his impressive collection of Bonzai trees. It has an entire miniature forest built from these amazing trees. Total unexpected. After capturing it a few years ago with cable television, I spent a lot of time searching the internet for a copy of the movie. When we finally managed to find out that the video was longer. More sexes? No more melodrama. To launch the DVD there is a subplot about the fact that George suddenly wakes up with a certain unknown deadly disease! I actually preferred the cable version better. I'm glad this rare jewel was released on DVD. I must also mention the beautiful cinema and the bizarre and appealing soundtrack. While you look at this, you feel you see something very rare and quite special. I recommend to watch spectators who do not need sex and violence to keep their interest.
