Once at a time in a castle ...... Two little girls play in the garden castle. They are sisters. A little girl (Kitty) and one brunette (Evelyn). Evelyn steals Kitty's doll. Kitty watches Evelyn. Passing through long corridors, they reach the room where their grandfather, sitting on an armchair, reads the newspaper. Kitty complains about Evelyn, while Evelyn looks interesting at an image hanging on the wall. Evelyn begins to say repeatedly: "I am the red lady, and Kitty is the black lady." Suddenly Evelyn grabs a nearby dagger and stabbed Kitty's doll and then cuts off his head. There is a fight. And Evelyn almost uses the dagger against Kitty. Grandpa intervenes and the worst is avoided. Later, their grandfather tells the legend about the painting hanging on the wall in front of them, in which a black-haired lady stabbed a lady dressed in red: "A long time ago, a red lady and a black woman lived in the same castle , were sisters and hate each other, one night, for jealousy reasons, six innocent people died, and the seventh victim was a black lady. Once every hundred years, the events are repeated in this castle, and red lady kills six innocent victims before killing black lady herself. "Grandpa ends his story by saying that, according to the legend, for sixteen years now, the red queen should come again and kill seven times. But he assures them that this is just an old legend. It's fourteen years ... This is the very beginning of the movie. There are many ups and downs in the movie. It's better to forget about logic (if you really analyze it, the story does not make sense) and just follow the movie with wonderful colors, gorgeous women, clothes, tasty décor, lighting effects and beautiful soundtrack. Enjoy Barbara Bouchet, Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti, Pia Giancaro, among other goddesses. There is a nude by Sybil Danning lying on a sofa that you have to dream about. And do not forget: The Red Lady kills seven times! If you liked "La Dama Rossa ..." check out "La Notte che Evelyn uscì dalla Tomba".
