I'm Curious (Yellow) (a movie in the near seussical rhyme, is said at first that it will be available in two variants, Yellow and Blue) was one of those great hits of art that the first was a major sensation in Sweden a major scandal / celebrity in the United States when a prince was kept by customs and went to the Supreme Court. What is strong in the image today is not so much what could offend by what is revealed in sex or nudity - the director / "actor" Vilgot Sjoman film different scenes in such a way that there is an abundance of meat and organs genital, and sometimes, more than that - an intellectual expression, not a lust, but the boldness of trying a clean "metaphyllum", while making a real statement about the situation in Sweden. Who knew such things in a generally peaceful country (usually neutral in foreign affairs and in wars) could be so politically heated? At least, that's part of Sjoman's purpose here. As a director, such as Dusan Makavajev, with some of his works, such as WR (if not so surrealistic and disturbed), or to a lesser extent, Bertolucci, Sjoman must blend politics and gender social strata) around the middle, also making a comment about the embodiment of a character in a movie. The two characters, Lena and Borje, have a cool relationship in the film's story, where Lena is a "curious" socialist-wannabe demonstrating on the street for nonviolence and "trains" in a forest cabin to become a fully functional one, while at the same time, maybe too curious about her beloved car salesman. And as this happens, which is enough for a movie, Sjoman inserts himself and his crew from time to time while doing this story on the film (there is even a little awesome midway where, as in in the case of a rock concert, the title books are completed during a shooting break, who are crew members, denying the need to use the final credits!) Then there is another dynamic because Sjoman offers real performance, not just a "hey, I'm the director the director". At first, this structure could not be obtained, and that I'm curious (yellow) is just a film in which Lena is a documentary interviewer who questions about their class, socialism, Spain, and Franco thoughts, and from time to time, we see Lena's father or Bjore. But Sjoman does something interesting: the structure is so slippery and the viewer must stay on the toes; it's impressive that so many years on stage can surprise not to be afraid to dramatically combine narrative, documentary, film inside a movie and even a serious interview with Martin Luther King, who also acts as a quasi-guru for Lena. It may not always be a politically coherent analysis, but it does not feel misleading or even a very satirical agenda as in a Godard picture; satire Sjoman resembles a Godard, but on another wavelength. His anarchy is playful, but not fully loaded with semantics or tricks that could lessen the few initiates. If I'm curious (yellow) it's up as an intellectual enterprise and a soul-filled trip to exploring sex in a way that has been and is captivating for how much it is shown and how comfortable it is for actors, it's not everything successful, I think, as an emotional experience. If Bergman had a T with making a purely emotional film with deconstruction tendencies, Sjoman is more apt to connect with specific ideas, while in fact, he does not always work very well when it comes to make great or subtle scenes with the actors. Occasionally, it only works for actors, Lena Nyman (most spectacular here in an interpretation that asks him to make an ambitious but confused child, even a sympathetic and vulnerable one himself) and Borje Ahlstedt (a realistic real counterpoint But 40 years later, it is hard to connect with everything that happens in Lena's and Borje's inner film because (probably intentionally) Sjoman fills her with clichés (Borje has a girlfriend and a child, will leave her, reconciled her father) and a tough story from his starlet. And yet, for any malfunctions Sjoman might have, considering it ironically to be a comment on himself, I'm curious Yellow) looks nice as an artistic experiment in water testing of what could be done in Swedish cinema or testing what could not be, and a tilt for provocative and comic use. I would go so far as to say that it is influential and probably copied or imitated in several ways than one because it was a phenomenon of worship in its day (a specific technique used, the film coming to an end, is repeated in lesser use in funny games) and should be seen by anyone who wants to get involved in avant-garde or meta-film. If it is not a remarkable artistic leap like W.R. or Last Tango, is close.
