Nine out of ten could seem like a big sign to give a direct film to the sci-fi movie, which was vilified at the US box office and naturally criticized Kurt Russell's poorest film career. <br /> <br /> First of all, when you read negative reviews about this movie, you usually start with the woody nature of Russell's interpretation of Todd, the homonymous soldier. I'll start here too, with my surprising assertion that this is probably the best piece of action I've seen Russell. Todd is an emotional cryptor and suffers from intense PTSD - this film being written before the phenomenon is as recognizable as it is now. <br /> <br /> The portrait is on the spot. Todd is retired, uninvited and alone. He suffers from irrational anxiety - brought to a stage of fever by training that teaches them to analyze each movement and interaction with another human being for signs of treason and danger. His hyper-fire brings with him an inability to understand a greater continuum that tasks are given to stay inside - there is a scene in which he cut himself by pulling carrots and continues to work naked, not cleaning the cut or blood. Many interpret this as a sign of its physical hardness and focus on the workplace at hand, but it is also a sign that he simply performs the task required by the wheel - not understanding the relationship between the vegetables he prepares and foods that will be eaten later. Todd's dialogue is spartan to say the least - the two great scenes of speech he receives are essential to the plot of the film and both underline the bleak nature of his existence. Fear and discipline are told. Always. Fear to keep him pumped into a hyper alert state where the smallest detail will not pass him, keeping him ready to react on a knife edge. Discipline to keep it under control by its fear, overtaking it and doing tactical. The inference is that he does not have time to think and can not afford his feelings. Many viewers have different interpretations of Sandra Nielsen's hugging reaction - but I think you have to interpret it from the perspective of a man who is just a hugging experience is in battle - the tremor is the suppression of fighting instincts / in fear of to be contained, his movement and vision narrows - Fear and discipline indeed. Then there is the subtext of his abandonment (twice in fact) - so representative of how our society tends to throw infantry on the garbage dump of society when they have served their terms. 40% of the unemployed are ex-military in our world, in HIS this may be worse. Russell quickly takes over the mantle of Mace's responsibility to his wife and child - desperately in need of a mission, even with such a high probability of his death. Then there is the military subtext - the conflict between Busey's Church and the beatings at HQ, Mekum. Mekum's mothers are faster, stronger, more accurate and more aggressive. Anything could hit Todd in the ground - but it's not about the tools you have as you use them. A stimulated Todd, given the freedom to exercise his initiative and act without the dampening effect of perceived superiority, uses ambushed tactics and masked tricks to cut a shot through the new unit - sent without support, coverage or recognition. It is a reminder that military power can not compensate for a failure in leadership. There are many other subtle themes. When a movie is shot and scripted so little, it leaves a lot of white space for its own interpretations to roots. Watch the soldier with an open mind and see what he teaches you.
