This is a great movie. She has a captivating story, a great master character, great action and forensic action. This is especially true in 2036 but shows scenes that have taken place in recent years to explain the story. The story is very well made and there are no holes. Kurt Russell is a solidary named Todd who has been trained since birth to kill and that all other soldiers have never had a normal life. Finally, the soldiers introduce newer, younger, faster and stronger soldiers. Jason Scott Lee being one of them. Consequently, they do not need the old soldiers like Todd. They test the new soldiers fighting with some old soldiers in war Russell is injured and supposed to be dead. The soldiers are removing their bodies and fewer, assuming they are all dead, but what they do not realize is that Russell lives. Todd finds a civilized camp on this planet that the army has thrown it. For a while he lives there but can not adapt to normal life. Rarely speaks a word and sometimes is very aggressive to others. When they feel it is a danger to them, they send it to the desert. Just as Russell leaves the planet is attacked by the new soldiers. What the army forgot was to train the soldiers to be smart as Todd and the other old soldiers. So, as these new soldiers are faster and stronger than Todd, Todd is easily surpassing them. The soldiers are starting to realize this, and Todd kills all their men, but one. This is Jason Scott Lee and you finally see a classic battle scene between Russell and Scott Lee. Russell obviously goes out on the top. This is one of the best action movies I've ever seen and I've seen a lot. This has everything you can ask in a movie that includes some wonderful lines. The writer also did not forget that Russell had never seen a woman before even naming women "sir." There are no holes in this movie, every minute has a purpose and it's really fun. A great army action movie for fans of Rambo, Commando and Missing In Action. This is recommended to all Kurt Russell fans and action / sci-fi fans.
