In a future society, the military component must not recruit; rather, their candidates are elected at birth, are sacrificed from nurseries and appointed to spend their entire life in the service of the government. They are given to the war machine, the body and the soul, for no other reason than to protect and serve; they have no personal identity other than a name and rank, and no indifferent autonomy. This is the fate of those whose destiny is predetermined for them in "Soldier," directed by Paul Anderson and Kurt Russell. The script is tough and grim that the film begins by describing the training of soldiers during the advance of time periods, from preadolescence to maturity. Russell is Sergeant Todd, the best of the best, and we see his career as he performs his tasks in an exemplary fashion after the campaign; he is what he was born to be, a soldier. But even the best can not go on forever, and the day comes when Todd and his colleagues are no longer the elite. A new generation of soldiers has been created, advanced genetics and technology, and Todd's generation is suddenly overcome. What follows is the story of a man who has to fight for his life as he strives to discover his own sense of humanity and individuality, new features to a soldier who has only known two things throughout his life: Fear and discipline. Russell gives a special interpretation to Todd, the soldier who, above all, has to obey orders undoubtedly while suppressing all emotions and individual thoughts. He has a few lines in this movie, but Russell is talking with his eyes. This role demonstrates that he is, in fact, one of the undervalued actors of our time; that he can disappear so completely in the character Todd is a credit for his abilities, and with this part he created someone quite different from anything he did before. And he gave Todd a depth and credibility that someone with lesser talent could easily have given them as a pretentious and superficial stereotype. Notable performances are also brought here by Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). Rounding out the casting support are Jason Scott Lee, memorable as Caine 607, one of the new generations of soldiers; Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (Captain's Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson made an action movie with a message, a story that transcends the science of fiction. The "Soldier" reminds us of the importance of keeping our humanity intact. It's a fun way to make us consider alternatives, like a bleak future and a world where good movies would not make much difference. Like '1984' and 'Mad Max,' this movie, which is ultimately uplifting, will make you take a break and think of the kind of universe where we have to live together and share all . I appreciate this 7/10.
