Why do I love DISORGANIZED crime so much? Why am I chicote or laugh out loud whenever I think of a dozen or several scenes in this movie? It's kind of hard to explain, but I'll try it. First, it is really very funny - unlike what a lot of "official" reviews you want to believe. But again, that depends entirely on the sense of humor, so there is no point in arguing about it. Often humor is in dialogue and is often a sitcom comedy. There is, for example, this very hilarious scene in which the four members of the group were raised behind a truck. When the farmer leaves them, they sit by the road, covered with cows *** or anything else. They are totally unhappy; then, realizing the humor of the scene, they start laughing one after another, and Ruben Blades (like Carlos), staring (and certainly smelling) terribly, nonchalantly, pulls some sprays in his mouth to do at least something about his breathing description of the scene here makes me giggle again!). Which leads to the second point: the act. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades, and Corbin Bernsen (well, the other sometimes surpass), all fit and play the pieces well - in fact, you feel they enjoy them when filming the movie. Third, there is a plot. Jim Kouf, the director and screenwriter, is very relaxed; he takes his time to let the plot break out and install the individual characters. Most of the time, there is no real action, and yet you are enjoying these four very different people - who are trying to rob a bank, although their boss (Bernsen) does not seem to be back - to bang each other and even, , like each other. The film is a fantastic parody of the typical plot of bank robbery - totally impossible, with all its overturns and coincidences, but totally convincing in its love for ironic details. Actually, the title of the film is one of the best I've ever met, because it accurately summarizes the plot in a very ironic way. So take my advice: watch this movie, but if you do not chicot, smile or smile in the first 10 minutes, forget it - it's not your movie type. PS. The only negative thing about this movie is that there seems to be no way to understand the scenario - if you know how, tell me.
