I love this movie for many reasons. I have a poor spot on movies about complex criminal plots like TOPKAPI. I like movies (such as TOPKAPI and BIG DEAL ON MADONNA STREET) that do not touch the genre. One of the best is DISORGANIZED crime. Corbin Bernsen met four years over the years and decides that everyone can be used in a bank robbery he plans in a small Montana town. But he did not give any details of murder to others, nor is he known at all. Shortly after he sent for them, Bernsen is arrested by two New Jersey cops (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Roebuck) whom he has since escaped and ordered to bring him back. While he is in custody, the four criminals (Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Philips, Ruben Blades and Will Russ) appear to have no idea what they are up to, except that Bernsen has planned something. <br /> <br /> The first twenty minutes of the movie deal with the four against slowly becoming accustomed to each other, with Gwynne and Philips succeeding in pushing their own suspicions to realize they have to trust reciprocal. At the same time we see that Bernsen is waiting patiently for the right time to get rid of O'Neill and Roebuck again - not too hard, because they are not the brightest bulbs that have ever existed. The result is two sets of plots that will keep juxtapos against each other in the film: the four have tried to figure out what Bernsen's plan was and how to put it into operation and Bernsen trying to keep his own freedom from the pursuers and to regain his booth (and hopefully find his gang there to take his order). There is also a third and smaller parcel that involves the growing anger and anger of local sheriff Hoyt Axton against the New Jersey idiots who continue to get into his hair. There are many exciting moments in the movie, such as Axton, accompanied by O'Neil and Roebuck, around a house in the town that Bernsen should hide inside and shout (through a megaphone, "go out, I got you surrounded only "for the scenes to pass to a gigantic plain in Montana, which Bernsen fights and stops crossing miles from where the police think it is at the moment. There are moments of mistakes of the four counterparts, who, fortunately , have the oldest (Gwynne) who does not always guarantee anything, at some point their car will not start and have to give a truck ride in vain, unfortunately it is a truck carrying manure. , including the deactivation of all critical time machines (the specialty of Philips is the machine) is also a gem of synchronization, suspense, and comical results. The film is very fun and certainly works you watched.
