What a loss was the passing of director Emil Ardolino! He could take a luminous scenario and, with a proper casting and editing, beat them in his mind and make him shine like a star. This private star may not be the brightest in the sky, as it happens with a wonderful story, but it's certainly one that keeps you going. You really want to know how things will work. The script is perfect for Cybill Shepherd, who at that time had to take advantage of her success "Moonlighting" for the new generation that was (fortunately for her) probably without knowing how many major screen duds she had, had a very promising start. In this film, she all returns as a widow who still lives through her daughter (Mary Stuart Masterson, on the top of a star that would come with "Fried Green Tomatoes" two years later). Perhaps he would have looked too young for the role, but this works well for the way the story unfolds. This is her movie, but it does not exceed its limits as a lead. Shepherd allows Robert Downey Jr. to carry a large part of the film and has a more comic flair than he had in his previous films at that point. And there is ample support from Ryan O'Neal (in his best role in recent years) and Christopher MacDonald. Masterson's natural peak is pretty much on his own, either she or she has a way to make her character look like a breath of fresh air with every word. Ardolino makes use of the sexual appeal of his castle, as has happened with Dirty Dancing, but this movie is not so great that you can watch it with your parents if they happen to be in the room. (Use your best judgment, they are still your parents.) I give this movie a great note because it is very friendly, romantic comedy enthusiasts will find it sublime, and those who look with them should find a lot of humor to enjoy as well. <br /> <br /> Again, the credit goes to Emile Ardolino to take full advantage of a charming screenplay by Randy and Perry Howze. (Where are I now?) Ardolino's next film will be the sequel to "Three Men and a Child," but his latest Sister Act would eventually give him the hit he deserves of nine digits . Mr. Ardolino, your kinematic touch is missed!
