I saw the first movie when I was 10 years old. Unfortunately, I was not able to watch it until the end because it was broadcast late at night. Now I bought them on DVD because I remember that I liked it. This is not an ordinary horror movie. It has some elements of horror, but rather classifies it as fantasy. I liked it, but I hoped for more horror and scary scenes. Especially the scene in which Anna's father enters the paper, trying to kill her, is a little shorter. Now to the plot. This movie is about a young woman named Anna who gets sick. While she is ill and has to sleep in her bed, due to her smaller number, she returns to complete her drawing of a house - the paper. When it feels a sleep that often happens strange immediately, it is next to the house on a large green field. She realizes that the house is exactly the one she drew and that every new detail also appears in her dreams. One day she draws a boy in the house to have someone to talk to. As he forgets to draw his legs (because he is sitting behind a window), the boy can not go. Later, the doctor tells the doctor that a boy has this strange illness and realizes that with the boy he drew, he also received the boy in her troubled dreams. She also notes that it is becoming increasingly difficult to wake up from her dreams. While she misses her father, who is abroad, she pulls her father home. She makes a mistake and her father looks very angry on the painting. She's trying to cause it, but she realizes he can not change anything already fired. And the next time he falls asleep, he starts horror. Her father is crazy and blind (because he pulls his head to mark him as "invalid") and tries to get into paper and kill Anna and his boyfriend. Her dreams have become a horrible nightmare. They manage to escape and kill her father, and Anna can wake up. Then Anna finds herself in the hospital, where her parents stand beside her bed. The doctors thought he fell into a coma or something. They tell Anna that the other boy died and they want to travel in the ocean to overcome these tragic events. Anna draws an old watch and observes that the same watchtower can be found next to the hotel where they traveled. She goes to the watchtower and meets the boy (I do not say his name because I do not remember and do not want to go back to the previous html page) and I can say goodbye to them and forget their dreams those terrible forever. There are a few things I did not understand in the movie. First was the end he absolutely disliked. I think it's too long, while the main part of the movie gets a little too short. How does the boy fly with a helicopter and talk to Anna that she should have died? Why did you put such a bad noise on the wall? I hated that scene that I was so stupid. It almost ruined the main scene of the horror. The things I liked were the scene with Anna's father, which was the first real scary and horror scene. I liked the boy. The actor was great. She was even better than Anna. I also liked the way Anna tries to get her father out of the painting while he is asleep and looking for her in the garbage. Overall, a good movie. I give 8 out of 10.
