My name is John Mourby, and this is my story about Paperhouse: In May 2003 I saw Psychopath to Alfred Hitchcock, I was very scared and deeply troubled. I started a frenetic search for a movie that was scary in the same way. But none is satisfactory. Among those who tried and failed were birds, The Night of the Living Dead, The Silence of the Lambs, The Blair Witch Project, The Ring, The Evil Dead, The Sixth Sense, 28 days later, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween, Near Dark, Alien , Tom Peeping, Cell, Rosemary Child, Do not Look At Now, Witchfinder General, Friday 13 and Omen. That should confirm that I was desperate! Long after I stopped searching I found out about Paperhouse ????. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is based on a favorite book I own, called Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse also came to some of the books I found on horror movies, but they did not tell me about the link between the book and the movie. I discovered the truth on the Internet, I bought the movie later that day. I thought that Paperhouse would not be faithful in the book and boring. Undoubtedly it was certainly not a boredom. It was the answer to my prayers Marianne is renamed Anna in the movie, but most of the original story is the same. One day at school Anna draws a house in her book Scraps (nothing remarkable about it), then she gets sick and every time she fails or falls asleep she finds herself in front of an old creepy house (and I really mean depressing) . Moreover, she also notes that every time she puts something new in the drawing appears in the dream world, EG is an apple. Anna draws into the dream world a saddest boy named, who apparently is a person in the real world. Marc is a cripple, but wants to leave the house, mandatory, Anna draws a lighthouse (a place to go to), but still the problem remains marks can not go. So Anna decides to draw her father in. She gets the pen out and gets too busy, but the result is distorted and disturbing Anna dislikes her eyes. Quote "looks like crazy". So Anna tries to rub it and start it again, but the pencil turns out to be indelible (which means nothing can be rubbed). Then Anna loses her temper and crosses her father's eyes! I'll let you know too much about yourself the terrible consequences of the rash action. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is truly the British answer to A Nightmare on Elm Street! Watching this movie left me shocked and upset. But we found what we were looking for after 2 years. The question is how the dose compares with Psycho? Answer: 1 old dark house, 2 parent psychological fears, 3 a real shock, 4 and very scary music.
