Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that makes her pass and move away into a world of her creation. A bleak world that he drew with a sad little boy as a resident of an old grotto house in the middle of a field alone. Lacking in detail, just like any child who draws the house and is Marc resident (who can not walk because Anna does not pull his feet) are inhabitants of this purgatory / limbo world. Anna begins to visit the boy and the house more often, trying to think about what she is and trying to save the boy, but the fever makes it harder to wake up every time and not only that she can kill her but a fever catch and Marc there forever. Wow! It is a good word to sum up the film by Bernard Rose, haunted by haunted and poetic. A movie that is so simple that it's almost impossible to explain and impossible to forget. While you could find this puppy in the horror section, it's nothing but. It's more of a serious, well-directed fantasy and well-run by its distribution, especially Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). And yet, there is no movie for the children, but it wanted to make us remember those days without worries of old, which are now just dark memories. Rose creates a rich tapestry of moody ambiance that creates a thrilling backdrop for the brilliant story and the great actors they play with. Paperhouse remains far from trying to explain his more obsessive qualities and leaves the imagination of viewers the most. There are many symbols and ambiguities here to sink your teeth. Paperhouse enjoys playing with the minds of the spectators, packing it with her own sense of reasoning. As the story unfolded, I was again impressed by how strong the movie managed to get to the end that left me a smile on my face and a tear in my eyes. Bernard Rose's pictures are brilliant here. It is capable of creating an unpleasant, gloomy atmosphere that appears simple on the surface, but overall it is much larger than the sum of its parts. The actress is the young Charlotte Burke in this debut, it is also impressive. Unfortunately, he has not appreciated the screen ever since. A very deserved Burnout Central award seems just right for that performance. To the end, the movie is a little in here, but I could ignore it. I would have liked to have made a darker turn, creating a much stronger end that would have been more insidious and truly riveted in retrospect. The film as it is, is still one for books and deserves to be seen by any serious film lover. It's a poetic walk through a child's innocent eyes, a powerful film in which many things are left to think and much more to praise.
