My friend and I chose "Paperhouse" from a bunch of films chosen in our weekly horror tour - none of us ever heard of it, but the blur on the box was really promising. And the film did not disappoint, though I probably will not just name her a horror movie. Anna Madden, aged 11, draws a house and visits her in her dreams. She is certainly asleep when I see the house, but it is so real in a sense that it is almost like a completely separate reality. Which, given the later events, does not seem to be far from the truth. However, she finds she can add to her house, her content and her surroundings by simply adding to the picture. <br /> <br /> While this happens, Anna gets worse with a fever and, in addition, becomes completely obsessed with her house and her drawing. Besides, she and her mother also deal with her absent father; he has a job that takes him away for long stretches, though someone has the impression that there is actually more to the story than that. OK, so drawing things sound pretty nice - but honestly there is something really worrying about it. The world of dreams is supernatural - the house, for example, is just a gray block in the middle of a deserted field. The people who made the film did a great job of making us very uncomfortable with this alternate dream / continuous dream ... One of the things Anna adds to the house is a boy, Mark, who seems to be the same patient he's talking about her doctor (do not give her away, you know from the moment she appears to be the same child). In fact, Mark can not go because of a disease; in Anna's cartoon world, she can not go, because she did not draw a little. She blames herself for the real-life illness and tries to fix the situation, but ... it all starts to get really strange. He really brings the missing father to the drawing, with disastrous results. Bats with the father are really terrifying. I do not want to give anything, so I'm gonna stop ... It looks like it's happening a lot in this movie. I'm sure you will have a ball to analyze this with your friends after you look at it ... Is it a simple story as it seems or are some layers of significance? I do not know, but it's fascinating anyway. There was a "nightmare on Elm Street" in connection with this, by the fact that at one point reality and dreams intersect. I like things like this. My only complaint is that she feels it might end many times, but she did not. I am pleased with the end I had (some of you might want to have Kleenex at hand!), Although it may indeed have a variety of conclusions. Anyway, it does not feel attracted as soon as it's over, but as you look and continue to fade, it's a little nervous. However, "Paperhouse" is a true Good Film. Well done, and acting - especially Charlotte Burke like Anna - is a great job. Burke, who has never appeared or not in the movie, is a real jewel. I do not know why she never went to anything else, but she is very convincing and pleasant to look at her anyway. "Paperhouse" is not just a horror film, it's a kind of fantasy / suspense / something else with certain horror-defined moments - but you can watch it with your family and do not worry that your brother or grandmother will be spared of splashes of blood or something. <br /> Give it a chance, you will not regret it! And maybe you should read the book ...
