I miss the Vestron company, they had their finger on the unique and unusual cinema pulse in the 1980s. This is obvious with the amazing Paperhouse, a movie that touches me deeply every time I watch it. The idea of ​​a girl who manipulates a dream world with her drawings (thus, the world of dreams that manipulates reality), and also the connection with and affecting the life of a boy she has never met, is fascinating and never disappointed. Charlotte Burke at first seems pretty early, and yet you are warming up for her because being a bit of a bad kid makes it difficult for adults to believe what they are facing. She becomes very self-conscious and strong towards the end, even as she does not "hate the boys" as she so arrogantly argued at first. With this we are treated with many appealing moments and some extremely frightening, all amazing, with a great score from Hans Zimmer. I am very proud to be the owner of the CD soundtrack when it was released in the United States on RCA Victor. At the time of this writing there is no Paperhouse DVD still available in the US (only in Europe), here it is hoped that one of my desires will be fulfilled, as we really appreciate this beautiful movie and a DVD of this would be very welcome! She is satisfactory looking at the fact that her girlfriend resolves her thoughts as a puzzle game that tries to make the dream world work for her and her newly-founded friend, Marc (Elliot Spiers). Both Charlotte Burke and Elliot Spiers are doing a magnificent job all over the world, I find the editorial comment on Amazon.com about the fact that the "hammur" was quite amazing - I found that every aspect of Paperhouse is exhilarating. Even in minor glitter scenes like Charlotte and the girl in the classroom were staring at each other through the glass on a door, it was pretty strong. You do not have to be a kind of arthouse to enjoy Paperhouse, be just a person who enjoys a movie that stimulates and wishes you more. It is enough this movie to invite repeated reviews and are still amazed by the cinema and sets. For me, it's never to look at the same movie twice, because there are so many details to absorb and relish. A very emotional experience indeed. While there are many movies I adore, there are only a few of the most specific ones that give me an emotional chord: films such as Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection and Donnie Darko. When I see as much as a movie that will easily look in bargain basket, all I have to do is track Paperhouse and my belief in the wonderful story is renewed.
