This movie was opened in the first few weeks. Then Meena Kumari died and just brought the crowds that rolled. The songs on All India Radio, especially from Inhi LogoN, were played so often that we were sick of them at that time despite the recognition of their beauty! <br /> <br /> Yes, he had to do these years. This is because marriage was a very unfortunate one, and Kamal Amrohi had difficulty finding money to make the film; looking at sumptuous sets and costumes is not surprising !! Meena Kumari not only ages and gets sick, but listens carefully to Lata's voice. Inhi logoN has our voice less than 50 years old, while songs that have been re-recorded as chalo dildar chalo show a clear development. I just want someone to find Ghulam Mohammad's songs that were not included in the movie, because of the change in the ways that appealed to less, though easy, songs, and they were publishing them. Later on in a recent interview (2007), he named Ghulam Mohammad as one of the best composers he ever worked with, besides Madan Mohan (a great personal friend). Also notice that I see the actors hard in all the songs of Chalo dildare, very unusual. There is only a short shot of Raj Kumar from the middle distance and you just see the back of the supposed Meena Kumari. Kamal Amrohi made a virtue of necessity and focused on the stars and the moon. Any other film, this song would have been close to both. As for this movie being the best movie ever, I would have wanted to differ. That means you've lost a lot of Indian cinemas in no special order, such as Barsaat (old), Devdas (old versions), Bandini, Do Bigha Zameen, Garam Hava, Dastak, Guddi, Aan, Pyasa, Kagaz ke Phool , Sahib Bibi Gold Ghulam, Kabuliwallah, Abhimaan, Guide, Sujatha, Bombay ka Babu, Daag, Parinette (old), Umrao Jaan etc etc And if you cherish more music than the story, the list would simply increase with beautiful scores from Barsat Ki Raat to Naya Daur, Teesri Manzil, Mahal, Aag, Jugnu, Anand, Mera Naam Joker: The list is truly endless! So enjoy the Pakeezah, but do not miss any of the above ...
