Emilio Miraglia, the first feature of Giallo, The Night Evelyn came out of the grave, was a great combination of Giallo and Gothic horror - and this second movie is even better! We still have the Giallo side of the equation this time, although Miraglia does not lose the Gothic horror style that made the previous movie such a delight. Miraglia places more emphasis on the more detailed details of the plot this time and as a result, it is a typical Giallo labyrinth, with characters everywhere and red herrings thrown every few minutes. This is a clear bonus for the movie, however, as it may become a bit too confusing sometimes; there is always enough to keep the audience interested, and Miraglia's story has improved from his previous film. The drawing opens with a scene in which two young girls are struggling before their grandfather explains their legend behind a rather stark painting in their castle. The legend revolves around a woman called the "Red Queen" who, legend, returns from the tomb for a hundred years and kills seven people. A few years later, crimes began to happen ... Even though he only made two Giallo, Miraglia has his own set of tributes. It is obvious that the red color is important to him, because he presents a lot in both films; and seems to have something against women called "Evelyn". He likes castles, gothic atmospheres and amazing crimes - which is good for me! Miraglia might not be Argento when it comes to shedding blood, but he certainly knows how to get a movie over top crime; and here we have delights that involve a Beetle Volkswagen and a death on an iron fence that is one of the most favorite Giallo death scenes. The female part of the casting is excellent with the stunning Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti heading for a lady casket that is not afraid to take off her clothes! The result of Bruno Nicolai's courtesy is appealing, and although he does not have much of the psychedelic rock heard in The Night Evelyn, he left the tomb; it fits well with the film. The end is something of the turn-off, though, although Miraglia revives the Gothic atmosphere, it happens more than a bit, and the identity of the killer is too obvious. But even so, this is a delightful Giallo and one that I highly recommend to fans of genre!
