Finally - I finally got to her and I managed to see a "clean" copy of Pakeezah! So far, we had a weird, strange version that was recorded in Dubai TV, sometime in the 90s, with thin English subtitles, wide-spread dazzling coverage and a fluid color with one's own mind. Knowing the world of such a poor (and short) child, I think the decent one deserves the good wait and the 140 minutes more of a pleasure than I thought it was possible. Meena Kumari's movie was wonderful from start to finish and I think it was planned for her since 1958, eventually realizing it in 1971. What a shame it was that chronic alcoholism eventually killed her soon after, and in fact, that some of the scenes in Pakeezah were too sick, requiring a double body. In some scenes, the strain certainly looks in front of her. The Story of Purity to Adversity I can treat only as a fiction without any experience of anything close to her, but I am led to understand that she completely shows a now missing world that must have been common at a moment in India. It is a brilliant and colorful film with a simple and uninterrupted epic message, an intense romantic tragedy, which is to a certain extent simple. But for me, it is the golden music of Ghulam Mohammed sung by the incomparable Lata Mangeshkar - especially Thare Rahiyo - and his role in unfolding the story that makes this film so remarkable. I have rarely heard such serious, beautiful, poetic, wonderful songs and sung songs on any soundtrack. Singin 'In The Rain can be my favorite musical, but Pakeezah has my favorite music - but Lata said the songs themselves did not mean anything special to her. The only sin is that the only Mohammed Rafi had only the only song here, although a classic duet with Lata. <br /> <br /> Because of all these things, but not blind to his mistakes, Pakeezah is my favorite Indian film, filmed at a time when India's occidentalization is rallying and now it is watching when Western values ​​seem to be sponsored by the state of rigor. At least watch Pakeezah for a taste of Indian pop music that he had to offer to the world before being disconnected for drum machines, Bollywood Beat and Bhangra.
