The power of Kangwon Province is the second effort of director Hong Sang-Soo and clearly much of what began in his previous film, which features multiple narratives (in this case, two) and stories disturbing or disturbing relationships, as well as a powerful dose of irony. One thing that is sharply reduced to his previous work is the fantasy flight that included elements of surrealism. However, this film also contains a single moment of surreality that brings a contrast to the rather realistic picture found there. The two stories follow a young woman who goes with his friends in Kangwon province just to be attracted to a stranger, the second about a man who goes to Kangwon province with his friend and struggles with his relationship woes. Again, Hong shows a strong understanding of irony and deficiencies in human nature, and yet I do not think he is entirely unsatisfactory when it comes to his characters, appearing in compassion enough to compensate for the criticism he takes with his irony . I think the thought that I've come to like Hong movies is that they feel so real, especially the complex and conflicting characters. Not to say that each person is hypocritical or suffers from confused feelings, but rather that these characters that he and the actors present feel fully developed and credible. It's not a fast-moving movie. There is a lot of persistence and like the previous movie, things do not always connect right away, so patience returns in surprising ways. There does not seem to be any element of the movie that is not deliberately placed in the film and it has been slightly overlooked by different seemingly extra characters as they are mixed in as the movie progresses. > <br /> Power is an excellent movie that manages to inject a level of personal emotion, regret, longing for a story that highlights the irony and fervor of human decision-making. It's a fairly hard balance, and it's surprising that Hong manages to get him out twice. The technical production values ​​have become much better since the first film and direction have become stable and clear. This film does not pack the same emotional pair that the first one does, but it gains a lot in its safe exploration, and refinement really contributes to the overall vision. Great viewing for cinema lovers. 8/10.
