Fever Pitch has many of the clichés that we've come to identify with romantic comedies in Hollywood: a relationship between two little people in common, the secret they've hidden that they discover, the inevitable separation, and the audience? well, I will not go any further than you get the picture. Despite its predictability, it works, especially if you love baseball like me, although I'm not as obsessive as Ben Wrightman, a Boston professor played by Saturday Night Live's Jimmy Fallon. Adapted from a novel by Nick Hornby by veteran stage writers Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, Ben is a lifetime Boston Red Sox fan whose uncle took season tickets at the age of seven and he was emotionally blocked his life at that time at the expense of his relationships with women. Ben is not just a fan, but a "fanatism" who travels to Fort Meyers, Florida every winter for the Red Sox Spring Training games and never misses a home match during the regular season. His family is not composed of parents or siblings, but colleagues participating in every game with him and his bedroom is not a place to sleep, but a Red Sox museum to visit him. When he falls for business consultant Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore), he is threatened with the possibility of having to grow, but Ben is not even ready to do so. He would prefer to participate in the Yankee series rather than go with her to Baltimore to meet her parents or go to Paris with her and lose the Anaheim series. His relationship needs to be about to dissolve, to stop and think of his priorities, especially when a doctor Phil wannabe asks him: "Do you like the red husband, but have you ever loved you?" While the premise of Fever Pitch is that some things are more important than baseball, you will never know how things turn out to be. Of course, for anyone who knows the history of Boston Red Sox, it is a team that will break the hearts of the deadest fans - but this is the year 2004, the year when the Bambino curse came to an end and as Red Sox moves to a new level, Ben could do the same. Both lead performances are excellent, and Farrelly Brothers even manages a pretty brutal gag. While Fever Pitch will never be confused with an art film, it's a joyous story that will have to descend as one of my guilty pleasures. Go Blue Jays!
