Of course, I do not know anything about baseball, I'm not even a fan of this sport, but that did not prevent me from enjoying Farrelly's latest film, Fever Pitch, a charming romantic comedy. The film does not refer to baseball; Rather, it is really about relationships, and emotional disconnection that can often take place. Jimmy Fallen ?? delivering the best performance so far? you see Ben, a Dorky school teacher, easy nerdy. Ben is a kind of boy-boy who, unfortunately, never grew up, and encourages an almost fanatical addiction to the Red Sox baseball team. Ben has dedicated his life to Sox and is doing everything from doing a pilgrimage to Florida for spring training to decorate every centimeter of his apartment in team equipment. One day, on a trip to the office, Ben meets Lindsey (a wonderful Drew Barrymore). Lindsey is a career-oriented corporate girl, but she has a kind of pride that Ben finds her totally cherished. Initially, he hesitated to ask her, thinking he'd left the "class," and Lindsey does not immediately see a potential partner in Ben. Their first meeting starts in a disaster when Lindsey is hit by a severe case of food poisoning? and her resonant breath gives the first hint that we are, in fact, watching a film of the Farrelly brothers. Rather than accept Lindsey's request - quite urgent - to reprogram, Ben began to play a nursing, orderly and caregiver. So Ben scars the toilets and teeth of the dogs, while his love interest is passed by a bucket beside her bed. When Lindsey wakes up in the morning and finds her sleeping on the couch, she begins the long process of dismantling the anxiety state and the state ambition she has come to regard as standards. Soon they fall in love, Lindsey gently accepting Ben's fanatical dedication to his sport. Having inherited the season tickets chosen by his beloved uncle, Ben has organized his life around the season? he never missed a game. But their relationship, which has progressed without a strike in the winter, strikes a blow at the beginning of the season. Lindsey wants Ben to do other things, like vacationing with her parents and spending her friends, but Ben is trying to change his interest to meet Lindsey halfway. Can Lindsey agree to his irrational devotion to the summer boys so their relationship can work? Can it really match Ben's love with sports? Can a red-sox hard and nerdy fan find real love after all? Of course, Lindsey and Ben come with a colorful assortment of friends who keep their opinion. Lindsey's smartest friend, Robin (KaDee Strickland), thin, blond and blond, insists there must be something wrong with the guy if he's still alone at 30. However, Sarah (Marissa Jaret Winokur) and Molly (Ione Skye) offers a more positive and positive vision of Ben. Ben's eccentricity could be applied to almost any fan of the obsessive athlete, while Lindsay's frustrations could be representative of any woman looking for an ascending career. Fallon is extraordinary as Ben, displaying a true high screen potential, overcoming the insignificant challenge of keeping Ben unsatisfactory. Barrymore, at the same time, is just as charming as Linda Linda, especially as she strives to accept Ben because she is not deprived of her own need. Fever Pitch really works, and even if there are bits of inspirational comic moments, the film also addresses the serious problem of sports addiction and how difficult it is for couples to negotiate this fragile territory. Much of the movie was filmed at Boston's Fenway Park, which adds a sense of authenticity to the game as well as the ambiance of the game, although it fully appreciates what happened to the team will probably be limited to the baseball aficionados. Even so, Fever Pitch is blessed with such a fine and cleverly funny script that even beginner baseball fans will find much to connect with. Mike Leonard September 5.
