Yes, commitment. Let's say that "Fever Pitch" might make you think it's a baseball movie. But no, you do not have to be a baseball fan to enjoy this picture from the Farrelly brothers. But of course, if you are one, you will enjoy even more; with all references (quite accurate, I would say) to the Boston Red Sox and its bitter history; from the Bambino Curse and all that is attributed to him, including the two words you can not pronounce before a Boston fan: Bill Buckner. Drew Barrymore and Jimmy Fallon portray two people who usually might have the second thought of entering into a relationship: the workman's success that is also rich meeting with a school teacher? The thing is that Fallon's character wins Barrymore's heart by being funny, thoughtful, sweet and perfectly perfect. But her friends ask her a logical question: if he is such a goalkeeper, why is he still on the market? Enter Boston Red Sox. He has been so engaged in his team since his uncle passed his sox season tickets to him; he has never missed a Red Sox home game at Fenway Park for a long time. And that delicate balance, how much is workaholic willing to give up his typical obsession; and how much is that crazy baseball teacher willing to make a compromise in order to keep OTHER love in his life is what this movie is all about. At first, you might think that the obsession-sport bias of the movie is exaggerated to ease the comic. Well, I'm sad to admit, I'm not. I myself, like a fan of Houston Astros, can say that all is true. I would try in any way available to see each "Stros" game; listen to them on the radio or follow them on the Internet. I read the Chronicle section every day. And yes, my room looks like the gift store "The Shed, Minute Maid Park"; with a wardrobe full of Astros tools, including 5 shirts, 20 shirts and you know the rest. The character of Fallon even has MasterCard Red Sox MBA. Fallon was credible enough to be a fanatical Red Sox believer, even if he could get him out without becoming a cartoon (Adam Sandler's glory was not in him); and the plot turned around the way this couple tried to deal with each other's passions. I would say it will be a classic romantic comedy. It is not enough to be among the best films in history; but it certainly breaks a mold in the genre and is appealing to both men and women alike.
