I have to admit that I entered the Fever Pitch with low expectations. It's not a huge revelation for me to say that Jimmy Fallon's last movie (Taxi) was bad Catwomanly, and the trailers for the Fever Pitch were all right but I'm not fascinated. I was already preparing some cheesy baseball games for my review ... "I like Jimmy Fallon, but Taxi was hit one in his film career. Well, now we have steeeeee-riiiiiike twoooooooo! Another shot, and it's back to SNL ! "or" Buy some peanuts and jacks, but do not buy tickets at the Fever Pitch. You will come out of the theater and never come back! " Then the movie had to go and be much more fun than I expected. But I could not let my trash get damaged, right? Another reason I thought I did not care about the movie is that I hate Boston Red Sox. The whole family hates her. Simply mentioning Pedro Martinez's name sends me to run to the bathroom. Dude, hold on ... <br /> <br /> ... Okay, I'm back. Anyway, my mom, who is a St Louis Cardinals fan, still thinks the World Series has been faked last year. She refuses to believe that Sox has earned it legitimately. But I'm quite a man to admit that Fever Pitch made me sympathize, even if only a little, with Red Sox fans. Anyone who has a passion for sports will be able to refer to this film on a certain level. If you do not have a favorite sports team, you can not fully comprehend the extreme values ​​and minuscules that a fan like Ben Fallon can pass. There is nothing as fresh as the smell of a new season and nothing smooth as a clean slate. Well, speaking figuratively. It is the joy of being a sport fan. "Waiting until next year" becomes your mantra, your motto, your prayer - and Fever Pitch actually captures that essence. I like the fact that the film takes a fictional story and throws it against the real life of the impressive World Series of Red Sox last year. I do not like so much I want to marry, but you know what I mean. I expected this to be treated in a rather cheesy fashion, and some of the humor is a bit foolish, actually quite realistic. See, Ben's uncle took his first Red Sox game when he was seven, and when he died he left Ben two season tickets. Ben did not miss a game in 23 years. At the beginning of each season he has a day of competition in which he and his friends meet to figure out who is going to participate in the games with him. He makes everyone dance for Yankees and whenever someone complains that he threatens them with games with Royals (Shadow excuse) and Devil Rays. It's a very good scene and it works so well because I know people who make the "airplane day". I also have to admit I can refer to when Ben goes to dinner with Lindsey and her parents. Red Sox plays a game on the road, but instead of watching it on television, Ben decides to check it out. One of the most dangerous things in life is recording a game and then advertising and trying to avoid hearing the outcome. I was there. It is a very tense and frightening situation. Weeeeeell, Ben enters the danger zone when a guy appears at the restaurant and mentions watching the game. Ben immediately covers his ears and starts shouting like a banshee, not to hear the result. Lindsey is embarrassed, and her parents do not know what to think. Yes, fans of the sport can be weird, I do not refuse it. But it is real. Now, if you expect the brutal, painful things about which the Farrelly Brothers are known, you might be disappointed. However, they have their moments, as when Ben says he likes Lindsey sometimes speaking from his mouth "as a lovable victim of the accident," but in general this is definitely a softer and more romantic side that the bars I put it on the display. That does not mean the movie gets too confused. Fortunately, when the sava begins to drain a little, Farrellys knows when to withdraw. A romantic moment, when Lindsey jumping on the ground and running to Ben to declare her unusual love for him, turned to Ben, honestly answering: "You have to tell me about the land. Jimmy Fallon proves that with the right material he can do well on the big screen, and Drew Barrymore remains a constant source of romantic charm. Fever Pitch is just a good, solid fun that has a somewhat fresh look at the romantic comedy genre. It's a movie that boys and girls can relate to both. Especially boys practicing the sport of fanaticism at some point during the year and the ladies who have to deal with them. Now, if the Red Sox fans could still shut up about "Bambino's Curse" he would appreciate it. My Memphis Tigers NEVER won the NCAA Basketball Championship, so I officially declare my situation bigger than yours. GIST Fans of Jimmy Fallon, Drew Barrymore, romantic comedy, Red Sox, baseball or fanatical sport generally should consider giving the Fever Pitch a look. I would not get out of my way to hurry and see it at the first moment, but it will make a great matinée. Rating: 3.25 (out of 5)
