This is a wonderful movie for romantic lovers and athletes alike. Drew Barrymore is the best in this movie. As a fan of Drew, it was pretty nice to see his brilliance after a few flops. I had doubts about Jimmy Fallon, but he totally offered Ben comic love, crazy sport. The comedy in this movie is great, there were more laughing moments. Their first encounter began rocky when she came to her flower apartment and was sick with her stomach to eat a new place earlier this day. Instead of leaving, she helped her take care of her, helping her to change into her pajamas, then clean her rifle on the toilet and the bathroom, telling her later that she was "very cute ... without pieces." Everything goes well between Ben and Lindsay all winter, but then starts the baseball season. Lindsay begins to realize how obsessive Ben is with the Red Sox and why this seemingly great guy is still alone. She tries to shrug off and think of it as a good thing because she has a busy schedule and will not feel guilty for working overtime while in games. She even buys all the books about The Red Sox she can find, including one about Bambino's Curse. Everything goes pretty well until Lindsay has a false alarm that has lost its time. Both of them make them both realize how serious they are and start asking questions if this is the person they want to be. A very moving part in the film is after telling him that he has been given the time to show he sadly put on a small shirt, bought only if he was pregnant. show her how important she is and decides to go to the birthday party of her friends after saying: "I had to check my calendar and when I saw it was a Red Sox / Yankee game I knew I was going to the deer." Ben tells him it was "the best night in his life." Shortly after receiving a phone call from his boyfriend who left the game, he gave up the party and said, "It was the best game out there, and it really ended wounding Lindsay when she says," A few minutes ago you said it was the best night in your life, "he says," that it was a few minutes ago. "So he's been separated for a while, he realizes how immature the obsession is and decides to sell the season tickets he has inherited from his uncle, because if he did not "remind him too much about what he gave up." Lindsay discovers through a friend and she decides to stop him realizing she's doing it for her It ends very sweetly showing how his childhood love for baseball was over shaded for a whole new new love Lindsay They continue to participate in games and even participate in the last World Series Series game and St. Louis and is a be happy on the whole game. 2 fingers up!
