Clint Tollinger arrives in a small town looking for his wife and his daughter's story, which he finds, the chance that any kind of reconciliation is very thin. While here, the sheriff and the important inhabitants learn about Tollinger's reputation as a pistol specialist. As we live in fear of a landowner mysterious Spreader city from them little by little, they keep a date they choose to engage Tollinger to rid the city of unfortunate elements. The weapon seems to be either a forgotten piece or an amazing piece, at the time I write it, it has just over 200 votes and a wonderful comment for 9 users written for it. It is a shame for every score because, although production values ​​scream that it is a Western B film, it is a good entry into the Western genre. That the song is based on a fairly common plot theme of a harassed city, which turns to a dark avenger angel, probably did not make the film any favors over the years, I read the synopsis, I thought it was just another one in the similar themed line of pictures. However, I was pleasantly surprised to find a dramatic image with many pleasant moments, both technically and as a functioning story. Robert Mitchum is at the head of Tollinger, threw himself perfectly, some threats of concern. We often talk about the presence on screen that John Wayne and Charlton Heston had {justifiable, of course, Mitchum is right up there with the best of them. A sequence sees him here in the shadows behind a room, when there is a meeting, we do not see his face, but we can feel that the piercing fetus looks at us! The rest of the song is also very much in the shadow of Mitchum, so it's really only with the big man that the credentials that act in the movies are high, maybe it's incorrect to get Ted de Corsia for a shot but the gaps minor ones of Man With The Gun are with his villains and, unfortunately, Corsia lacks any impertinent threat. The Alex North score is excellently stratified (Spartacus fans will definitely be killed by their ears) and Lee Garmes cinema is impressive when it comes to the majority of the images being shot in the studio. Directed and co-written by director Richard Wilson, The Man with the gun has few surprises for the genre, but is dark in tone, violent and above all, very visible. 7.5 / 10
