"One Giornata Particolare" is a movie that has a title that sounds so familiar that I thought I had seen it several times. Now that I have finally seen it, I am very happy. This is one of the best known Italian films with one of Marcello Mastroianni's most wonderful performances, playing in other masterpieces such as "La Dolce Vita" and "8 1/2", both from the great Federico Fellini. Directed by Ettore Scola, this is a film that takes time to introduce the characters and slowly develops a story on a special day, the day Adolf Hitler visited Rome. Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriele, the neighbor of Antonietta (Sophia Loren). She is a member of Mussolini's party, quite fanatical in her thoughts and no longer a member. The reason I will not reveal. On the day that every person in their building, including her husband and her children, sees Hitler, they are still in the building. Antonietta's bird escapes and flies to Gabriele's apartment, so the two meet. Just before Antonietta went to Gabriele, he was thinking of killing again for reasons I would not reveal. As the story unfolds here, I will not reveal it, but it is what happens between the two who make this day so special, not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. As I said, Mastroianni a wonderful performance. You see he is a man desperately desiring someone around him, although at first we do not know why. Maybe he likes Antonietta, maybe he's in love with her, maybe there are other reasons. Antonietta feels what we feel. What does this man want from her? He likes his attention anyway. We see how his hair looks attractive to the man. Loren plays very good scenes. We understand her questions, though we can not be sure what her intentions are. The moments in which we are both secret, if this is what you can call it, is a wonderful moment. How the story develops there is even more interesting, but I do not want to spoil it for you. This is a movie that you should see. Great shows and a beautiful cinema and the message he gives us today.
