A SPECIAL DAY (Ettore Scola - Italy / Canada 1977). From time to time, you get into a movie that really touches a nerve. This provides a very simple premise, almost impeccably executed in any way, and moves incredibly at the same time. It is surprising that Ettore Scola's "one particular girnate" is relatively unclear, even the hate of some critics. Time Out calls him "garbage" and Leonard Maltin, somewhat gentler, "nice, but a little". I disagree, not only because this film is moving deep, but in its simple story it shows us more information about the everyday life of fascist Italy than most of the movies I've seen. Cinematography is distinctly steady, even slightly gentle, and the simple story that could explain the relative nepopularity of the film. Since the audiences of the 1970s were not spoiled by the great Italian films, it is even more strange that he did not succeed with critics. The film starts with a ten-minute collage of archive material from Hitler's visit to Italy on May 8, 1938. In this context, we first meet Antonietta (Loren), a lonely and loving housewife with six children in a building Roman. One day, when Beo escapes, he meets his neighbor Gabriele (Mastroianni), who seems to be just one of the building that does not attend the ceremonies. It is well maneuvered, cultivated and soon attracted to it. Throughout the movie, we hear the fascist rally from the concierge radio station that shines through the yard. Scola uses the toys to be part of the process. After the opening scene, the camera falls into the hypermodern at the time, apparently looking for our main characters, which I have not met yet. <br /> <br /> Marcello Mastrionani and Sophia Loren are unforgettable in the two main roles, all the more striking, since they are completely against the guy. Canadian born John Vernon plays Loren's husband, but he is just on screen in the first and last scene. I think his voice must have been doubled, because he has no Italian descent and never lived there, to my knowledge, so I can not imagine he speaks Italian. If his voice was doubled, I did not notice at all. On the contrary, it is completely credible like an Italian, even more than other distributors. The story is simple but extremely efficient, the performances are remarkable, the conclusion is perfect, and the framing is not too demanding, but it works completely. Do not miss this. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 9/10
