As has already been put, the best version of Homer's epic. Sufficiently shot in natural places in the Mediterranean Sea. The sea and the sky are strikingly blue, the green and untouched islands. The clothing is lingerie, wool and fur, the settings are cobbled and bare, everything is somewhat robust and primitive, a bit of what you find in Cacoyannis or Pasolini's films, and makes it even more authentic. Though the story relies on myths and goes to the supernatural, it gives us a good idea of ​​life in the X century BC. the whole is so beautiful to get into it quickly. In fact, it is amazingly close to the original plot by Homer, if not by the text itself. Ulysses does not appear until the first hour, the beginning centered on his son looking for him. Then suddenly he appears lost in a storm, landing on the island of feces, where the royal family takes care of him. His adventures are said in retrospect as a story to his hosts: the terrible cyclop, Circe's magical world, the underground world, sirens, etc. Eventually, he returns to his home country of Ithaca after 20 years and ends dramatically with the killing of his beloved Penelope husband's pretensions. As a story, Odyssey is an unparalleled metaphor of the struggles of a man's life. The distribution is brilliant and international here. Irene Papas gives us a typical interpretation of Greek tragedy like Penelope, but the most amazing is Albanian actor Bekim Fehmiu as Ulysses. Very well shown and completely convincing, it seems that the role was really done for him. Strange that no roles of this dimension were offered afterwards. Also, singing Nausicaa, Barbara Bach (Barbara Gregorini) is later famous as "The Spy Who Loved Me", and "Athena" is Michele Breton, that is, in the strange "Performance" movie with Mick Jagger. As it happened 35 years ago, the series was in fact an innovation for its time, being the first European television production co-production (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I have seen this mini-series in eight parts on French television since 1974. I was a child at that time and although it was black and white it left a very vivid impression. All my life I was wondering if I would ever have a chance to see it again, as it was never shown in French television later. I recently found a DVD copy (all in great colors) over the Internet. It is, unfortunately, only in Italian, with no subtitles, although the French version and the German version existed then. I never heard that there is an English version of this movie because it is very well known in the Anglo-Saxon world and is quite shameful. If you ever have the chance to look at this, you will never forget. There were not many versions of the Odyssey before or after. Camerini's 1955 Kirk Douglas is a classic sword like the "10 Commandments," but not so impressive and very short for such a complex story. Konchalovsky's 1997 film is a Hollywood movie, based on special effects, sometimes quite stupid, very stupid and far from Homer's story and atmosphere.
