No, this is not a sequel to the fabulous OVA series, but rather a remake of the events that took place after Gim's death (and the disappearance of Woodchuck). It is also more accurate for the novels that inspired this wonderful series, which is why the characters (namely Orson and Shiris) are reintroduced and why the story may look slightly different from the ones used for OVA. (The brochure included in the set provides excellent answers to such questions, as do various online sites). The first eight episodes of this 27-piece series of televisions focus on the storm struggle at Demon Dragon Mountain. The rest of the 19 episodes present Spark, a blue-haired monk who identifies himself with Parn and his team of wandering players as he tries to stop Dark Wizard Wagnard from invigorating Kardis, the destroyer. <br /> <br /> It is not even the equivalent of the original LODOSS war (we all love the end in which Parn saves Deedlit de Wagnard, is not it?), this pursuit of television is still a great fun for fans of fantasy. Even if the animation is limited (and a step down from the artistic series of the first LODOS), this series of 27 parts has its elements of appeal. Fully accomplished characters, storyline, magic, romance, and a beautiful soundtrack marked by Kaoru Wada from NINJA SCROLL all make this uneven hindrance. <br /> <br /> While LODOSS's double OVA has been criticized for one reason or another, I liked it in general and still consider it one of my favorite doubts. So we had significant hopes for the CHRONICLES oak made in 1999-2000. For the most part, LODOSS TV English is of acceptable quality (if not a star); however, has its share of problems. Much of the original cast that lent their English voices to the LODOSS characters (including Lisa Ortiz as Deedlit!), Which is a nice bonus. On the other hand, Parn is less mature than Billy Regan. He does not do a bad job, but his voice appeared as a grill for the first eight episodes (causing some anti-dub fans to disable dub dub), but since Spark and the company took the stage, we found less boring. (I do not know if it's because it's upgraded or just grew up.) Also, not all of the OAV dub is coming back. Jayce Reeves just Wagnard's voice (terrible) for an episode; he is replaced by Pete Zarustica for the entire show, which gives a low life, but still revenge (as well as the bad laugh). Anthony Cruise's Kashue, on the other hand, is too tired and takes about five episodes to find his way. Oliver Gregory is probably most effective as Orson, especially during his latest dramatic scenes. Besides Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Slayn), the best vocals of the oak come from some newer characters, including Crispin Freeman (Spark, Maar, Garrack - episodes 16-27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (which Pirotess voice in OAV, Ryna with vulnerability and sassiness, and Karla) and especially Angora Deb (stealing each scene in which they are Leaf the Half-Elf. The rest of the distribution is not terrible in any way, but a bit more uneven than the Double Dub. Some are alright (Aldonova, Greevus), while others are steadfast (Hobb, palace guards, dragons, etc.) and few were terrifying (especially VA is too rough and monotonous for a fighter of justice)> <br /> In fact, the lack of auric continuity (some members of casting get new voices for an inexplicable reason until we get to some of the subsequent episodes) is one of the oak problems. Others include a less memorable and uncomfortable dialogue, unequal synchronization, and finally (I apologize to fans), the LODOSS ISLAND segments. These offbeat, super-distorted interludes at the end of each episode will amuse you or hit you. Admitting, at first I found them to be a big misfortune, but they grew up a few moments later. (Besides, there are a few lines of hilarity, such as "I am King Kashue, and this is my CASHEW! I'm really a hint!") These defects classify the oak for CHRONICLE just a note just below for OVA, resulting in an unequal English piece summed up best as "OK". If someone asks if the Japanese language song is your favorite listening choice, well, guess what? The Japanese version also has its good and bad points. While some voices are less annoying than English, I found that others are less attractive than English equivalents (especially the actress who makes Deedlit is never as good as Lisa Ortiz or Yumi Tohma). In addition, I must mention that the Japanese distribution is not the same as the ova. Since the series was made seven years after the original, all but one (Sho Hayami) of the casting members are replaced by us. Although they do a respectable job of good, it may be a major despair for those who have been accustomed to the Japanese OVA distribution. It shows that not everything in Japanese is better than English, right? Despite its flaws, the HEROIC CHRONICS are still a fine series that deserves to keep their own ground. It is not without rough spots and does not always live up to its predecessor, but there are plenty of good points to deal with evil, making it a moderately enjoyable fancy anime.
