As for the arts, the 1970s were a very turbulent era. In literature and the visual arts, it was the closing of a creation period of fifty-sixty years, which has not yet been resumed. Music has been a decade that many see as a low point because of corporate rock and disco. On television, it was a Golden Age for comedies, from The Couple weird to the Mary Tyler Moore show at M * A * S * H ​​for Everyone in the Family, but the movie was even a longer time creativity, to all genres, who saw the rise of American filmmakers such as Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese - from the ashes of the old studios that dominated Hollywood for more than half a century. These directors wanted to make artistic films for the mass, like those who have been in Europe since the end of the Second World War. Still, the studios are trying to keep up with conscious social movies like the unseen one in the 1930s. But unlike the 1930s with actors such as Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually with Dead End Kids) , which deals with social issues in a realistic way, or as realistic as it could be on a healthy stage, the social consciousness of the late 1960s and early 1970s was the most in science fiction films that allowed Hollywood left wings to teach the masses under the mask of what is considered the least of the comic entertainment above. There was a precedent for this approach, because several flying saucer films in the 1950s dealt with the political zeitgeist of the McCarthy era - the most important of which was Earth Day, and the invasion of the Snatchers troops. In the early 1960s, Rod Serling consistently stressed the political conservatism of time, throwing social issues into the science fiction scene, at his classic The Twilight Zone science fiction television show. Among the offers of this period, Silent Running is ecologically sensitive; George Lucas's first THX 1138 film, dealing with consumerism, group and existentialism; and Logan's Run, which led to Communists and state control over the rights of an individual. Some of the film's references are pretty heavy - and I think the oil crisis in Australian oil and the aggravating inflation. Several jar strawers cost $ 150, and Soylent feeds its colorful foods - Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red and the new Soylent Green, made with reputation from "the best underwater growth," in a way that is no different than rationalization gas in time. Scenes of food riots are strange echoes of petroleum riots at many petrol stations during the year of film release, and crowded and dead bodies, where everything is, are still cooled and influenced. A movie later, like Escape From New York, is an obvious descendant. The rest of the script, by Stanley R. Greenberg, is rather pedestrian and quite standard for a distorted film, but Fleischer and cinematographer Richard H. Kline do an extraordinary job of filling the screen with interesting pictures and sounds, things up. The use of soft, light-colored images dirty filtered adds a Stygian sensation to the film's New York, almost like a colorful version of Carl's Vampire Theodor Dreyer. The only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and if it was not about faux pas, the movie might seem endless. The end of the movie, in which Thorn sneaks into the processing factory where the bodies are made in Soylent Green wafers, is so cold and weird, dramatic. Eventually, Soylent hunts Thorn down, but he survives long enough to express the capture phrase to Hatcher. However, it is not known whether it is enough, because Hatcher has already been co-opted and has a history of making the easy way. However, this fact and its ambiguity shows that the film does not recapitulate the dilemmas of its characters and has a much later depth, the better-made films, knowing or not, do not. Also, why Soylent Green is still a movie worth watching.
