Documenting a documenter. This is a way to describe Keep the river on your right: a modern story of cannibals. This film follows anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum, who at the end of the 70's went on a journey back to the places he had spent as a field researcher over 40 years ago, first in West Papua and then in Peru. Tobias is a corporeal character: a homosexual Jewish anthropologist who has ecked a life on a cruise ship teaching gawking tourists about cultures has come to have deep respect and understanding. Author of several books documenting his time with both Asma of West Papua and Amazonians cannibal in Peru, Tobias was haunted by what happened in his time in these places and how his intimate connection and relationships have become. Still, Tobias's constant mind and appreciation for the places he knows is admirable and a real pleasure to look at. We can only hope to acquire and preserve such humility. Tobias makes a convincing subject for the study because the experiences he has experienced in immersing himself in these two tribal societies left him fundamentally changed. This film provokes the notions of morality and "naturalness" - eg. nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Look for the scene of graphic circumcision). When questioned why he hired some of the local practices that others would morally denounce, his non-judgmental nature asks, "Why not?" Who has to say the path of other cultures is right or wrong? This little puppy is a must watch for not only from National Geographic, but also for those interested in the art of documenting. This movie shows what can be shot on the video. Editing offers a quiet revelation of Tobias' life, which leaves you fascinated. Sometimes he despaired of being pushed by the film crew to make the emotional journey back, especially given physical age and fragility. We may, however, be grateful that Tobias let the tables return to himself, perhaps sympathizing with the desire to understand mankind and place in the world. Film producers offer some critical momentum, for example, showing an anthropologist who thinks Tobias has predetermined his findings (homosexuality in this case) based on his personal interests. Having said that, you can not decide when to stop being shocked and when to take this man home. Go over the Queen River, this is the best ride on the river that I took in a while.
