NYC, 2022: The Greenhouse Effect, Missing Oceans, Eradicating Unemployment and Water, Energy, and Food Deficiency ... and the New York population has exceeded 40 million. This is a bit of a gem of an image, not least because the exhausted future of resources is a reality for new citizens of the 21st century. <br /> <br /> The low-budget opening titles of this film are wonderful: music-based, a low-tech "band-slide" sequence composed entirely of archive photos from the dawn of the film until 1973, describes an unaltered American pastoral who develops into a polluted and crowded hell in less than 2 minutes. Succinct and unambiguous, it's truly memorable. Budgetary constraints are also behind non-imaginable cinemas and other constraints, in contradiction with the brilliant premise of the story. The police station sequences are like an episode of television detective broadcasts in the 1970s, and the other sets of indoor looks best at the base. The budget is likely to have "begun" Soylent's "Chelsea West" apartment with the latest state-of-the-art products, which means that the other costumes are superficial, some scenes are strangely subpopulated, and the outside during the day seems be shot through the smoke filter. The memorable scene in which Sol and Thorn (Charlton Heston) share an expensive and rare meal is carefully summed up by society: they enjoy bourbon, green lettuce, celery, tomatoes, apples and beef, and we really feel their appreciation about the rich privilege of someone else. Robinson's pivotal death scene, in which his character is willingly euthanised in a place called "Home," describes immersed in images the flora and fauna of time and time beautiful in the world, which he remembered, contrasts beautifully with the realization of the Thorn conception that the future was broke, among other horrors. This is an intelligent film, and its central message is as relevant today as it did in the early 1970s. Yes, we know that we are still not eating the dead, but with our longevity of resources, the spiral of poverty, global corporate capitalism and the destruction of uncontrolled habitats that lead to climate change, a soylent green speech can be made.
