The drama of SFI SOYLENT GREEN in 1973 is what we might see if we are not careful. It is a world in which the New York population has exceeded 40 million marks in 2022. Overpopulation, air pollution, heat waves throughout the year and lack of food are the rule. The only hope comes from a food called Soylent Green. But why are these things made? This question is at the heart of this film, often something dated but still interesting, based on 1966's Harry Harrison novel "Make Room! Make Room!" Charlton Heston plays the role of Thorne, the NYPD detective, who meets the murder of a top executive (Joseph Cotten). As it turns out, Cotten was on Soylent Corporation's board of directors, the people responsible for all the food people have to consume instead of a real thing. Heston thinks it was not just a kind of gardening murder, that Cotten was hit for a reason. He gets a lot of help from his "book" (Edward G. Robinson, in his 101st and last film appearance), a little overwhelming, but very interesting, and some timely reminders about how it was the world. What Robinson discovers about Soylent Green shocks them beyond any imagination; but before he could tell Heston all he knew, he euthanated. And when Heston really discovers Soylent Green's secret ... well, that part has become immortalized in cinematic history. Under the very professional guidance of director Richard Fleischer (THE STRONGLER BOSTON, FANTASTIC VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is a rather gloomy but thoughtful vision of a future dystopian that mankind might live if we do not stop the tendency to we are destroying the planet from natural resources. Indeed, this was a project that Heston himself had in mind for filming since 1968 after he hit the sci-fi gold with PLANET OF THE APES - a fact that is probably lost whenever he is ultra-conservative political philosophy comes into question (after all, SOYLENT GREEN is not a tract for unbridled capitalism). Robinson, as always, is a perfect professional in his last role; the sequence in which he is euthanized (as he looks at the movie of the world from a better age, put to the music of Ceaikovsky, Beethoven and Grieg) is simply simply upset. The film also benefits from solid support from Chuck Connors, Brock Peters (Heston's superior), and Leigh Taylor-Young as a woman trying to help Heston in his quest. /> It must seem easy these days to reject SOYLENT GREEN because it's dated. But those who do it need to think twice; because the world of this film can become ours if we do not forget what we do with what we have today.
