As with all the 70's environmental films, SOYLENT GREEN has a rather crude view of what organic melting is. Overcrowding means that too many people are feeding? I had the impression that famine was caused either by war or by failed economic policies. Stalin's policy in the Soviet Union in the 1930s left millions of deaths from hunger, and until now the biggest man who made the tragedy was Mao's rural politics in China, which led to over 30 million hungry deaths in the '50s. And let us not forget the great hunger in the Horn of Africa in the 1980s and 1990s, which had to do with conflicts that were not overpopulated. You may also think that two of the most populated areas on Earth, Hong Kong and Macao have never suffered a hunger in the modern age. Also, the expansion of urban cities around cities, as seen here, is not strictly limited to overpopulation - it is limited to the economic factors in which people multiply in cities to find better paid work than in rural areas ( It's a symptom of industrial progress - not too many births) so the image of New York's streets being too crowded to go through and have people sleep on the stairs is somewhat ridiculous <br /> <br /> But it's not let you be fooled to think SOYLENT GREEN is a bunch of tree trees embracing shit because I think this is the best ecological film of the '70s. She plays the contemporary public knowledge of the world where Sol and Thorn are next to themselves with joy in finding fruit, brandy and fresh meat. Thorn puzzled as though he had ice in whiskey, blowing on a cigarette and offering the classic line "If I could afford to smoke two, maybe three of them a day." But it is the vision of the euthanasia room that is memorable, while Thorn looks at the images of wild animals, flowers, flowing water and snow-capped mountains, a generation of the Thorn world never knew. This is a very haunting scene that makes SOYLENT GREEN a very memorable movie, combined with the fact that it portrays the appearance of Edward G Robinson's final screen as a wise Jew Sol Sol Roth
