The only movie alongside Soylent Green, which has such an air of hope, is on the beach. Both films deal with the consequences that species and the planet have on cataclysm produced by man. On the beach with nuclear war and Soylent Green with poisoning the planet's environment. There may be reasons for some optimism because since 2007 we have never touched any of the worlds described in these films and we should have had so far. New York still has about 8 million people, not 22 million since the beginning of the millennium as described in Soylent Green. Ecologists have always welcomed this film as showing the consequences of global warming. For me, it also shows the ethical amuck of the right to life. Obviously, there is no family planning in this world. Charlton Heston is a NYPD detective who lives with roommate Edward G. Robinson, who is old enough to remember Earth before a catastrophe is hit. A crime was committed, Joseph Cotten, an executive director of Soylent Corporation, a multinational concern that came with a food, a kind of cotton wool in many colors to feed the world's population. The latest product is Soylent Green. The investigation finds that Charlton Heston has his man, but he also leads some terrible truths about the Soylent Corporation and the future of mankind. As Heston finally calls out that Soylent Green is made of people, that we have become a cannibal race, it is terrible that there is no alternative. We've exhausted the planet and we have to eat our dead to survive. This was the farewell performance of Edward G. Robinson, and in his memoirs, Heston spoke moving to Robinson, although they had different political views. A few weeks after Robinson wrapped up the final scene of the disappearance of the screen through the consent of euthanasia, he died in real life. Not many of them did, but Heston knew that Robinson was finished and there was no action involved in that final death scene between the two. Although the timing was stopped, it does not mean that the world imagined by Soylent Green can not happen. We hope that we will not only have the intelligence, but the shared responsibility to prevent it.
