"The Garden of Allah" is a prime example of "women's folk literature", the twentieth-century style transformation, combining all the power of erotic and exotic restlessness with the stimulating glamor of false mysticism and sado-masochistic bite of Catholic guilt. Just as Jane Eyre could not really be happy until her castle had burned around her and her boyfriend had been killed permanently for her sins or the heroine "Rebecca" could not find a true fulfillment in her marriage until his reigning husband tried to kill her first wife (and her castle burned around her), or the poor psyche could not leave alone well enough and had to extract at all costs the mystery of Cupid, Domini, the devoted Catholic hero of this piece of clover, can find true sexual achievement only if he marries in error with a man who has renounced sacred religious vows. Like all narratives that seek to stimulate the reader and induce vapor, it is based on the oldest tricks in the book: basic misunderstandings and incapacity to express true feelings in the right place and at the right time until it is too late. The logic is that any ultimate sexual exaltation can be swallowed as long as someone wants to finally pay a price enough for him in atonement in the last act. Paul Claudel is reduced to the beauty salon magazine standards. Well ... It could have been much worse and most of the time it was ... Without religious reasons, the plot of the film is that of basic pornographic filming: The exaggerated monk driven by abstinence escapes the desert where he has a few spears in the dunes, with a romantic, well-but naive Catholic heritage, before reintegration of his monastery, all his passion, letting him clear his misery. And I'm delighted with another comparison of Thais commentator Anatole France, a sophisticated novel whose intent was to have fun with the whole concept of Catholic sexual repression, some of them translated into Massenet's work of the same name, fortunately. But what makes this unique picture in the annals of feminine commercial eroticism, of course, is the enormous talent constellation gathered under a banner to make this humorous dream come to life brilliant and vibrant. The incomparable Techno-color film that will survive all of us, a truck of worthy characters (including a cute little dog), a music score by Max Steiner, who seems determined to make the "composite film" that Michael Powell (who, ironically , in a silent version of 1927), we always dreamed, trembling sometimes on the edge of the dissonance, but always coming through the splendid, symphonic, opera exotism, a dreamlike atmosphere in which the material considerations are not an object, the characters travel as if they were magic in a dream, a point to the following dialogue is low, vague and suggestive, the art direction is close to heaven, the floral arrangements appear in the humble hut or tent, the heroine wardrobe is inexhaustible, and all the male characters are either aristocratic, holy, mystics or poets. Ahh ... Hollywood! The MGM DVD presentation of this movie is bare but impeccable. The bit rate is great throughout the year, color recording is almost always perfect, and the mono 2.0 sound is really right to Max Steiner's score and Boyer's penultimate confession. A historical note of this type of "subject:" In the following year (1937), Julien Duvivier, visibly inspired by "The Garden of Allah," directed by "Carnet de Bal", where a very similar butter of horse clothes will not heroin (the widow after taking care of a sick husband in the remote exotism of an incredibly romantic villas at the lake) melts in her mouth to find what she missed looking at male dancers in her first dance book. She finds them all in time just to realize that any feeling that existed at one time between the beaus they and her was either misunderstood, overestimated or otherwise had tragic consequences throughout her life. It was Duvivier's cynical way of telling us to keep out of impossible ideas of idealism and that we must grow up sooner or later.
