The audiences of 1936 must have been amazed at what they were watching: a full, long-lasting Full-Length Technicolor movie. I can not say for sure, but it could have been the first (3-lanes). In any case, it still looks beautiful over 70 years later on DVD. In fact, how good it looks to be amazing. Kudos for this must go to director Richard Boleslowski, picture director Virgil Miller, Selznick International Pictures and DVD-MGM Home Entertainment. All this combined to give us one of the most beautiful movies of the classical era. I thought the story was so: excellent in the first half of the year, stagnating in the second. Eventually, she gave a nice message, even if many people would not have enjoyed it. I can not say more without damaging things. Marlene Dietrich never looked better, I do not think, and certainly never played such a soft character ("Domini Enfilden"). Heart-throb Charles Boyer was the male star and Domini's affectionate subject, but some of the minor characters were the most interesting for me. People like Joseph Schildkraut as "Batouch;" John Carradine as the "sand divinator"; The most memorable, at least for me, was the "Irena" dancer, played by Tilly Losch. Wow, there's a face and a dance that you will not soon forget! I've never seen that before in the thousands of movies I've seen. I just see her doing things worth the DVD. Looking at her IMDb resume, she was only in four films, but these were all well-known movies. Basil Rathbone, the actor who has truly become famous for playing "Sherlock Holmes," is also here, as is C. Aubrey Smith, another British actor in his day. Schildkraut, by the way, will be recognized by classic film fans as the man who played the arrogant sales clerk in the big hit, The Shop around the Corner, with Jimmy Stewart and Margaret Sullivan. <br /> <br /> The beautiful direction, photography and color, as well as Tilly's dance, are the things I remember best about this movie, which is a lot of good things and not so good, rolled into one. If the last half hour would have been better - although she admired the end - I would have appreciated it even higher. It's definitely a film collector wanting to add to their collection.
