I discovered this movie after I read the book that inspired it. It's not a strictly biographical film; is "freely based" on facts. But I discovered a strange and compelling exploration of evil and madness, and Michel Serrault gives an unforgettable performance as Dr. Petiot. There are many memorable pictures in this movie; Petiot who travels like a vampire in the night, his black cloak that bends behind him, is almost iconic. There are also a few touches of expressionism - Petiot's silhouette, which stacks the stairs from the cellar where the remains of the victims of his victims await the incineration, reminds me of some of the Nosferatu scenes. But I found the primary appeal of this movie to be auric. The soundtrack is loaded with sounds ominous music from early opening credits, accompanied by plânsuri speechless. Petiot lives and administers his medical practice in a complex with many small shops and there is a persistent noise behind knives that are sharp somewhere, as well as a merchant who plays strange songs on a saw. There are animal noises - keeper keeps a goat, cats howling unseen - and later in the film, we see that unfortunate cattle are led through an underground passage. The whole atmosphere is disturbed, with accents of violence and slaughter. Not only animals, but also human voices are often heard - the cry of the Gestapo victims, Petiot's patients in the waiting room, monitored by a listening device, as doctors suspected after the war are monitored in their cells. Even the action of the film is often arranged so that we can hear the voices of the participants without seeing them - when Petiot sees Mrs. Kern, we hear her sing while she works, her voice reflecting in the theater before we ever see her. And even when she appears, she is often filmed from the back, her voice shouting at her husband, whose voice she calls her in the conversation. No voices are heard in the big halls, and their owners, when seen, are photographed remotely, so we can not actually see them speaking. This is a ghost story, and these are the phantoms' voices - many of them the future victims of Petiot. However, Petiot himself is often only a voice; his frightening laugh echoes as he retreats from the room, casting comments behind him or in the air to no one. In a way, he is just as much a ghost as the crimes he has done. He is always busy frenetic, draining from appointment to meeting, never at rest. But his work is that of a car - lifeless and imperturbable. It is interesting that among all the horrors and dangers of busy Paris, Petiot alone is not afraid; He is funny, enthusiastic, angry, irate, contemptuous, but never fear, unlike those real people it attracts their death. It is not surprising that he is proud of his mechanical inventions, including a perpetual motion machine (a real detail of the book - he claimed to have invented many machines); he is a kind of perpetual motion machine himself. And mechanical images are everywhere in the movie, from the huge opening circle of the cinema to the Petiot's bike (with his wheels grinding the echo of sharp knife sound), Victrola continues to sing music before killing. Even his routine with his victims is mechanical - write a note to your wife, let me hide you before you go, you need a vaccination, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - as a well-anointed machine, the routine is always the same, as the record is always the same. Maeder, the author, says it was the perfection of the working time of his crimes that weighed so much against Petiot in his trial. His system was as smooth and efficient as a Nazi concentration camp, and that is why the film invites a subplot of Petiot's involvement in the French Gestapo and the Nazi occupiers. Unfortunately, it does not quite work as part of the story, because it's very hard to figure out what Petiot is doing for collaborators or what happens when they end up at their headquarters in the middle of the night. Launch of bodies? Hiding stolen goods? It's hard to say and harder to believe; it is not possible for the state to return to a freelancer like Petiot. But it reminds us of the duality of evil people; Petiot is a thief and murderer, but he's also a devoted father and a husband. As we have learned that Hitler loves dogs and that the Nazis guilty of the worst war crimes may be loving and family-friendly parents, we must admit that Petiot might commit horrible misconduct and still function normally. His madness is easily camouflaged by the madness and horror of the situation during the Paris War; the killing, looting and disappearance happens around, no one pays attention, as Petiot throw more bodies on the heap.
