I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. I liked this, and not just for obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers who are trying to climb up one of the Sveire Mounts of Mount Everest. Now, this type of work is usually one thing you can not miss. Inspirational. Moving. Quite standard, right? And even if the movie was like that, I would have liked it though. But there was a lot more. Gentle, German Sabriye Tenberken set up a school for blind children in Tibet, in a culture that sees blindness as a curse, as evidence that a person has done bad things in a previous life. Many school children have been avoided all their lives and, at best, they are a burden to their families. As part of their education, Tenberken shares with them the story of American Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind who has reached the top of Mount Everest. He sends a letter inviting him to come and visit his students. Instead, he comes with a plan. He will arrange an expedition for them to climb 23,000 feet Lhakpa Ri and provide all the guides and equipment. Sabriye finds six participants willing to attend and then begins the fun. Erik's team is mostly American, mostly man, and most often seen. Like other experienced workers, they are A-type, very gung-ho and goal-oriented personalities. Sabriye is European, female and blind, and students for her are more than a "project", no matter how well intended. In addition, students are Tibetans and not old enough or confident enough to get up for themselves all the time. As the expedition unfolds, they become pawns between the two "adult" parties, wishing to thank both at the same time, wishing to gain the confidence that comes from the realization. As an additional obstacle (other than being blind, that is), they speak English as a second or third language in most cases and are struggling to understand and be understood. When he comes back that none of the students has no experience of climbing and some are more coordinated than others begin to discover Erik's original plan for everyone to get together at the summit. Given that both students and teachers begin to suffer the effects of a high altitude, decisions must be made as to the continuation or mountaineering of the mountain. Among the effects of high altitude are increased irritability and you can see how this is fueling the conflict between adults. At the risk of simplifying simplification, on the one hand are those for whom the destination is everything, and on the other are those who just want to enjoy the journey. I will not tell you how it turns out, except to say that this was one of the most surprising and challenging stories we have seen for a long time. Also, the film weaves the story bits every climber in the narrative, and this was badly needed because once the climb, children tended to keep his head down and mouth closed. With all the drama that was happening around them, it was not surprising. Backstories are, once and for all, charming and torn, and it seemed very strange to me that I found myself closer to tears at the beginning of the movie than at the end. This was contrary to my expectations and another pleasant surprise. In addition to all the human drama of coated Director Walker and his small crew had to contend with frigid condition and without oxygen, raise mountains hoping that will not break. As with all the great documentaries, the director was lucky enough (or smart enough or well prepared) to be in the right place at the right time and captured a very special story that has so many things to say about people who want to do "what is best for children", as is the case with the children themselves.
