I desperately need this on a tape, not a DVD, and soon! I have a nephew who is infantry but has not yet been deployed, although he left for Iraq shortly after December 2008. I lost my beloved stepfather in Ramadi Iraq on 09-15-05 from a missile- a green area. I have another nephew who joins the army as soon as she graduated high school this spring because he, like her older brother, has an idealized and romantic idea of ​​what they are serving in the army. My army died only ten days in the country and never went on mission, so my grandchildren have no way to refer to the experiences presented in this frank documentary of any personal experience that could have been transmitted by the son my deceased now. <br /> <br /> I can not do anything about those who are or are now gone, but I have remained one who has not raised his hand and has been sworn yet. I desperately want to do this knowingly, and none of the others did it. I'm glad to help with this. The Adevărul Ground documentary is the best visual reference I've ever seen. I have to make the youngest nephew see what will happen before it's late. BUT: (does not laugh) I need my mother to see this first. She must actually see and hear these men and women, not just their idea, but the truth about what they will be sinking, possibly forever. Then she will have the emotional determination to make my brother follow this movie, and once he has then, then his son, my youngest nephew, will also look at him. Then my nephew could start taking this seriously. <br /> <br /> ((Is there another time when this will be shown on TV? If so, please tell me when?)))) However, my problem is, my mother it does not have a DVD player, it still uses video (is it correct with tapes?) So I have to find a way for her to watch this movie Can I buy this from anyone in this form? Another way for me to get this in the form of a strip from anyone? There is a legitimate link from which I can pay to download it to my computer and then transfer it to a tape. enjoy the privilege by giving it a legitimate connection. Or, if you have alternative ideas, I will consider whatever you can suggest. <br /> <br /> Please help me, I've already lost one very precious, adored and loved, already know that my oldest nephew will not be the same when he returns and I can not lose it, I can not lose three, and the emotional fee for all those who make it back is too high to pay for every male child in my family of that generation. Please help. I'll call you happy, send me an email if it's the best way to get the information you need. Thank you very much for any help you can offer. Sincerely, Lori Swanberg l.swanberg@yahoo.com
