There's an episode of The Simpsons, which has a joke news report referring to an army training base as a "Killbot Factory." Here, the commentary is simply part of a joke, but what Patricia Foulkrod's documentary shows us, remarkably, is not so far from the truth. After the Second World War, the US Army decided to address a problem they faced during the war; that many soldiers entered the battle and were totally incapable of killing another human being if it were not "me or them". Since then, the US Army's training has been to remove all moral scruples and turn recruits into killing machines that do not think of combatants as humans. To develop into them a most unnatural state: "the lasting need to kill". First of all, this is not an anti-war film as such. While it certainly gives rise to a war in a very bad light, Foulkrod focuses rather on an issue that does not receive as much attention from the media as, for example, the debate on the legality of a war or physical success or its failures; affects the process of transforming a man into a soldier that person as a human being. It is paradoxical that, in order to prepare someone to be a soldier to defend society, it is absolutely inappropriate to live as part of that society, and while most of the examples and interviewees come from the current conflict in the Middle East, Foulkrod is tied to conflicts from the past, especially Vietnam, painfully clear. It is not about a particular war, but about the problems caused by the war in general. Structurally, the film seems to be divided into three sections; the way the recruits are drawn into the army and the training they receive, how they are treated once they are in battle, and what happens once they leave the army. Once this point is reached, realize that the main objective of this film is in fact the policies inherent to armed forced policies that are being put in place to turn the soldiers into an affective combat force, but that eliminates all humanity from individuals. Those interviewed tell the room how the recruitment process looks so clean and simple, how many words are related to "democracy" and "freedom," but once the training starts, they become "enemy" and "kill" and "destroy". As once in action soldiers do not care what they are asked to do because they are rooted in the idea that as soon as they execute an order, whatever they are, they are a step closer to going home. They have no political or social ideals to fight, but to fight and kill because they have been trained to do. But the main purpose of the Truth of Ground is to highlight how the American army throws back those who fought for their country once they return home. There is no real rehabilitation for the returning soldiers and many are forced to go home unable to cope with what they have seen and did, and most of the policies in place seem to ensure that the army has no legal responsibility for psychological illness soldiers pick up. This is the final indignation, that once they are used, they are thrown away. If there is a defect in the film, Foulkrod does not try to show another part of the argument. You would have the impression that every soldier who ever went to war would return with Post-Traumatic Stress Syndrome. Would it be interesting to see those of a ?? less liberal education gives its opinion on how the army deals with training and policies. There is never a chance for the other side of the argument to become known. But other than this is an experienced artisan documentary, and the use of Foulkrod for film and music material is perfectly used to get over part of the war, which too often passed when we talked about the consequences of the war.
