Katherine Heigl, Marley Shelton, Denise Richards, David Boreanaz. Just before knowing what this movie was, these names were enough to attract me. Wonderful, talented and popular, they are the performers to whom they have to look. Okay, where do I start. We already know what the film is about. Five beautiful girls are targeted by a "romantic" serial slash, a guy who all refused to dance at the school 13 years ago. His trademarks include thin dealers disguised as valentine books, chocolate worm infested and a bloody nose. His weapon of choice: Well, pick a pick-ax, knife, electric powerdrill, bow and arrow, hot iron, etc. Ok, so basically it's a horror movie with a beautiful twist of sexuality. > Horror films should not be Shakespeare, but I will not go there. I like horror movies, but not all. That, I adore. It's there with some of my other favorites. It's funny, sexy and scary. The killer's mask is terrifying for a child, and seeing the cupid burning a bow and an arrow to a victim is really weird. The actress is topnotch: Denise Richards, Marley Shelton and David Boreanaz are very entertaining. I really wanted to see much, much more about Katherine Heigl. I'm one of her biggest fans and I'd love to see her doing a job soon. Jessica Capshaw is a very capable actress, and Jessica Cauffiel becomes the role of the blonde she has perfected in Urban Legend 2. The smaller parts were also good; Hedy Buress was a hoot ("bleedmedry.com") and this younger version of Denise Richards showed her angrily. Highlights: Every scene of death had a special distinction over it. The strangest being the opening scene in the morgue. The hottub scene, though ridiculous, was well done. And the audiovisual labyrinth was sinister. The soundtrack is great, with creepy music and some excellent alternative songs. Lowpoint: I felt as if the killer was not recommended, I barely saw the mask and was not presented at all during the climax. I also thought the climax was really unfocused, but fun, though. Flipping at the end was not that big of surprise, but I'm very glad that movie producers have decided to spare us "I do not like to tell people what movies they should see, but if someone asked me to I choose a horror film I thought it worthwhile to see, then Valentine would be my rating: 10/10 (Bullseye!)
