I hired this movie because Rosario Dawson was in it. I sat down to see him with my buddy and I was stuck in our seats for 6 minutes. Not because of the intensity in these 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. No Hollywood BS, no explosion, no cornus one liniers; movie. It attracted you slowly, cast you to a human tragic fate. Some people think they enjoy the film, but they are mistaken. He likes movies; mindless for entertainment-only entertainment. Michael Bay's transformers and the like have only been produced for this audience. There is no need to think about people, to follow and to allow the stereotypes that we can take to dissolve your brain easily. We will even place commercials throughout the movie to keep you buying our products. And do not forget the explosions, we all love explosions. Here we make the distinction, art can be fun, but it's also thought to provoke and move you in hidden ways. Entertainment is rarely artistic and even then arbitrary. The movie is fun. Descending is a movie. Film is art. If you are still hosting a soul in the meat bag, this rape scene is as strong as "irreversible." The distinction is that "irreversible" was a violent rape scene involving two people whose paths unfortunately crossed at the wrong time and hell followed. "Descent" is about the date violation. No less disgusting. No less depraved. Just different. It is about distrust of trust, profanation of the soul and deep scars. If the Maya character had agreed, it would have been a hot sex scene. But seeing she was desperate to escape, the scene is disgusting. "Jared" is a seriously ill and manipulative rapist and is completely anxious, because it is very much like a passionate love affair. How could the "Maya" ever be close to anyone when even in the midst of her rape "Jared" the stick-lover native facade only ever suggestions to slip? It is destroyed. The film as a whole is beautiful. The work room and light sometimes remove the surroundings and focus everything on the "Maya" and the silent interior works of her mind. All this was done by Rosario with facial expression and gesture. The soundtrack was excellent, a mixture of everything. My favorite scene is a synchronicity of all these film aspects that work together; "Maya", who danced in a sea of ​​scary bodies, something inside her awakening, becoming conscious, all set for a beautifully sad Jeff Buckley song. I do not think I broke anything here, but I stop before I do it. Bottom line, I think this was the best 2007 movie, with your hands down. Unfortunately, it seems that everyone is so jaded these days that if you do not hack and cut, band rape, or nuts nothing, then people just can not be disturbed. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. It is only the last thing that will happen in this life. The worst things that happen are never leaving you. They are always in your thoughts. When you go; when you brush your teeth; when you buy a Christmas gift when you clean your shoe; it haunts you. It haunts you until the last thing frees you. Enjoy. Challenge yourself. Watch this movie.
