First, it was a BRAVE movie. I have seen irreversible and understand the comparisons. However, I can not begin to understand the people who shot this movie. I saw how the end could have ended, but I would have lied if I did not say that I wanted every guy who ever forced a woman into sex deserves exactly what Jared did. On the contrary, he did nothing or did nothing better and the fact that the film does not claim to be what made me appreciate it. The previous comment on this film called the pathetic film and claimed no adult will stick. I certainly did it deliberately. I am 24 years old. The way the movie shoot made it realistic for me. People have become so accustomed to eye candy and fast-paced screens, that if you ask them to concentrate too much on a brick in the bottom of a movie, they not only lose interest but destroy what has been built and call it garbage. In reality, their lack of patience and understanding requires fine regulation and not the product of a creative mind such as Talia Lugacy. Rosario Dawson showed the immorality of self-destruction without flaw. I think she portrayed Maya pre and post assault with great ease, and the transition between the two is an act that I rarely see it well done. Many times, as well as the "adolescent" films mentioned in the previous comments, the effects of rape are displayed either as extremely manic and impulsive or terribly depressed, isolated and lifeless. Dawson, in my opinion, manages to carry out the balancing act, so many survivors fall prey to existence during waking hours, working in a particular job, to survive (and distract) and then to wander in the ability to abuse substances rather than to confront what sobriety brings. I figured this movie said the truth and I appreciated it because it finally showed people another part of the rape. So many people have let the end of this film devour the middle and the beginning ... I think Maya's face during the act was the end ... not the act itself ... not the revenge or the significance behind her ... just her face. .. <br /> <br /> thank you
