Yesterday I participated in the world premiere of the film "Descent" at Tribeca Film Festival in New York. I had a lot of fun. It was sold and was attended by all the major stars, including my Marcus Patrick spacer. Give the film 7.5 that it starts from a possible 10 stars. The film begins with Maya (Rosario Dawson) at college. You can imagine the typical environment of the college, the wild parties and the flirting that are happening. The photo in this movie was great. He meets Jared (Chad Faust) and they become lovers. It looks like any other relationship at the beginning. Man is looking for woman's attention and affection and the woman plays hard to get. They both played well. Flirting very innocent between the two. He invites her to his apartment and everything is breaking up. The apartment is very dark and dark. Eventually it ends in the basement, which is extremely dark and lit by numerous candles. That reminded me of a dungeon. Here's where they show their true colors and rape. This is a very dark and tough rape scene. This scene is not for the young or the weak on the heart. The rape scene is a bit long and difficult to get, but it's needed for the rest of the movie. Maya starts losing her soul to drugs and sex. She goes into her abyss. She begins to attend the wildlife parties and wakes up in a room one morning without remembered how she got there. He was told to go to Adrian (Marcus Patrick). The first thing I remember about this character is that they say "he is the person who saves everyone who needs salvation." He is actually the one who introduces the Maya to the drugs. A relationship of addiction begins later in the game. The club scenes from this moment of the film are photographed with extreme expertise. I thought they were well finished and I noticed that the director of photography was applauded at the end of the show during credits by the public. Maya is then back to college as a TA and who is her class - Jared her violator! You could see the confusion and emotion on Maya's face. What should I do?? What am I doing? Face images and emotions are invaluable. What is going on is not really what is happening. She's interested in Jared. She seems to be trying to revive her relationship and be loved again. I was standing there saying that this might even happen. It was not. Nothing can be further from the truth. She invites him to her apartment and, of course, he appears. Now her apartment is dark and rocky. It makes him fall apart completely. He thinks he will be "lucky". It teases him like any woman can. She caresses him everywhere and gets angry. Note: For anyone who wants to see this movie, this scene is full frontal nudity - perhaps not suitable for younger viewers. She then turns the situation around her and she becomes the beast and continues to rape it. Once again, the scene is dark, tough and very tough. If you see the movie and you do not want to know what's going on, skip this paragraph and go to the last paragraph. <br /> <br /> Here Adrian resumes the image. Maya saves Adrian (?) By performing a very tough male sex with Jared. She thinks this is the last vengeance. Adrian continues to take all Jared's men and not destroy their dignity. Marcus, like Adrian, plays this scene as credible as anyone can. He is a powerful actor who plays a strong character and the power comes out full-screen. After the film, during a session of questions and answers, Marcus explained that this scene requires a great deal of trust between him and Chad. Maya thinks this vengeance will save her, but I do not think he does. One of the final scenes has a detail on Mays' face and you see a tear break on the cheek. This was a fabulous scene and evoked constant discussions from someone visiting this movie. Did he get the revenge he wanted? Was it just as satisfying as expected? In my opinion, it is not. It only makes things worse. This is an excellent film, roles well spoken, and I recommend it to all who think to see it. I would be a little hesitant if I was not 17 years old. Rosario, Chad and Marcus should be praised for well-done work. The recommendation and the photo should also be praised. It was a night I liked.
