There is no director I like more than Mamoru Oshii. But unfortunately, even though he directed some films that have gained a lot of international attention, there are still some of his best movies that have slipped through the cracks. Tachiguishi is one of them, and although I liked it, it is not hard to understand why Western distributors are somewhat reluctant to release it. Between big and serious movies, Oshii is known to make some smaller and quirkier projects. While Tachiguishi definitely falls into this category, Oshii has really outgrown this, creating something that is very difficult to classify, even as a strange Japanese movie. Go to the figure. At her center is a documentary that is not quite different from Otaku no Video. But rather than make a fool of an existing subculture, Oshii invented his own and fell in love with the culinary heroes, shaking food for free and supporting the Japanese culinary level. Oshii's approach to this subject has close ties with Dai-Nipponjin, because the subject is treated with a sense of deadly gravity, while the images on the screen seem as ridiculous. However, not only that, instead of just shooting him, his mocker Oshii decided to use it using a new high-tech visual technique. A strange mix of live action, photography, digital animation and dolls on a stick. Perform and act (or want, if you want) the best of the Japanese animation industry no less, because the project should be as small as possible. <br /> <br /> If you think that just covering it, you know the movie is extremely difficult for dialogue, making it a good piece for innocence. The influence of grifters is analyzed from all types of cultural, political and even philosophical angles, drawn to the audience through a continuous flow of monologues and dialogues. And to make it even worse, the whole film is fully grounded in the current Japanese history and customs, making it more difficult for a stranger to adhere to the material. There is no need to say that more views are recommended to make the best of all the hidden details inside the movie. That being said, at the conceptual level the film is easy to watch and already quite hilarious. Different fertilizers are introduced as they are the most influential post-war Japanese post-war figures. The film is played as if you were expecting a serious documentary of any other important figure to take place, but to a certain extent the large and brutally animated shooting pictures whose figures are assembled do not do enough serious. The range of characters introduced is sublime, Shinji Higuchi taking the cake cake carrying a nose ring while taking over the fast-food chains with his bulls / people. Kenji Kawai's usual Oshie offers, besides a fairly comic performance, a score ranging from atmospheric and dark to mad, strange and comic. A lot of fun is to have exaggerated noises and effects that complement the animation and totally contradict the tone of the rest of the movie. The visual film is very atmospheric, although it must be said that the animation is quite low and, while effective, stays loud down, just to burst into strange hyperactivity from time to time. Which is not a bad thing, seeing how Tachiguishi is so difficult to talk about. In spite of this, the film is still a visual masterpiece, because each frame looks absolutely lush and is adapted to fit and improve the overall atmosphere of the film. Beware, however, because Tachiguishi demands a lot from the spectator. If you do not speak Japanese, there is a lot of reading to be done and there are many cultural references that require special attention. In addition, monologues in the movie area have expanded quite a bit and can be hard to follow. The film does not yet have English subtitles and even though my Frenchman was pretty much enough to get what it is, I'm sure I missed many of the finest points in the movie. Tachiguishi is not easy movie to enter, but around half through it gets full steam and does not disable from there on. I hope to see this again in English or Dutch. An oak would actually be the best for a movie like this (like the Container), although I think an anime of dub quality is a little too much to ask for. However, he said, I can only congratulate Oshii for another great movie. It's rare to find a movie that blends and mixes so many styles and influences to create something so unique and still working. The movie is smart, looks and sounds great and is full of creativity. It's very funny, even if you can not catch all the details at first viewing. But make sure you at least get this with decent subsistence, because the automatic English translation that floats there is utterly worthless and does not make any right to the movie. Tachiguishi responds to a very specific audience and I'm not surprised that the French released them, while the rest of Europe (and the rest of the Western world) are still waiting for a sign of this film. But for those who love Oshii, he appreciates dry and dirty humor and desires his creative spirits, is a movie that can not be missed, although it might as well be left without fire. 4.5 * / 5.0 *
