Tachigui: Stunning Lots of Fast Food Gardens Japanese Title: Tachiguishi Retsuden <br /> <br /> Director: Mamoru Oshii Shows: Toshio Suzuki, Mako Hyodo, Kenji Kawai, Shinji Higuchi, Katsuya Terada Concert by Koichi Yamadera - - ------------------------------------ Back in 1995, Mamoru Oshii has unleashed the animation of Ghost In The Shell, which has helped strengthen the international acceptance of the anime and has also been rooted in Andy's and Larry Wachowski's general concept for The Matrix. The sequel to the film, Innocence (2004), was the Japanese animated film animation to compete for the Cannes Palme d'Or, and allowed the heads to rotate as much for its style and innovative effects as for its plot of often impetuous. <br /> <br /> Always trendsetter, Oshii has introduced us now with Tachigui: Amazing Life of the Grifters Fast Food? which has absolutely nothing to do with Ghost In The Shell, no Japanese anime for that matters. Greetings to Oshii greet the creation of "superliberation": not just animation, not even live action. Instead, the distribution went somewhere near 30,000 snapshots, which were digitally processed and reconstituted in a misleading paper-cutting, reminiscent of the Bali dolls. The movement itself is a stylish, stop-motion style that features sequences from experimental Tetsuo: Iron Man (1988) by Shinya Tsukamoto. "I did not think of any method but that," Oshii said in a recent interview with The Daily Yomiuri. "I realized that this project was not suitable for traditional animation." The choice of distribution is equally enigmatic. Kenji Kawai - who also composed the superlative soundtrack - appears as a brutal burger fanatic, while renowned Studio Ghibli producer, Toshio Suzuki, spends time on the screen being bizarrely killed. Others include Katsuya Terada, who danced with Oshii on Blood: The Last Vampire, and Shinji Higuchi - a special effects story that worked on Godzilla movies. Koichi Yamadera's narrative sounds like a dry documentary by NHK? which contradicts the subtlety of comics here, as well as Yamadera's extensive career expressing stoic anime characters like Spike Siegel in Cowboy Bebop. And the plot itself is a bizarre revival of post-war Japan in the context of various fast food meals - from soba ramen stores to stand-up gyud bars; American dogs in the heating trays of convenience stores at McDonalds-inspired burger restaurants. "Food is a primordial root of desire," Oshii said, through explanation. <br /> <br /> Throw in the mix is ​​a new breed of consumers: fast-food grifters of the title, people who do not like to pay for their tucker and are constantly tuning their elaborate scams to score free munchies. Oshii said that his subsequent reason was a tribute to the "art" of eating food on the streets? something still considered a bit taboo in this country, and which goes some way to explain the use of "tachigui" in the title. Director of live-action movies (Avalon, Stray Dog) as well as animation, Oshii often led to the blurring of the definition between the two environments. The cellulite result here is deposited somewhere in the gray area between the two formats. Sometimes the visual experiment here is just as excited because it can be irritating. Just do not ask what that really means; Oshii's films, which are equal cerebral and innovative parts, are often not very clear in the story. Where does Oshii succeed through a liberal dose of black humor? here you will find the Kentucky Fried Rat, the hula-hoop death, the world's fastest samurai burger chef? and in the nature of surrealism. This is a man who deviates from the influence of filmmakers such as Godard and Truffaut, and can as well owe Andrei Tarkovski as David Lynch. So, it should not be a surprise that at one stage a B-52 bomber makes a shortcut in a Yoshinoya-like franchise. The 54-year-old writer-writer seemed to believe this naturally. "Japan I have represented in the film can not necessarily be true to reality," he suggested. Of course. ----------------- De Andrez Bergen
