This is Columbo, which was directed by Steven Spielberg at the beginning of his career. There is nothing sensational, but a small hint of wonderful things to come up for Spielberg can be seen in this movie. The film is essentially the same style as most of Spierlberg's films and television shows from the 1970s. So, that means some characters tend to look strange and do not just talk about the Columbo character. A kind of oddity of character that can best be seen in the 1975 "Jaws", "Spielberg". But, apart from some small suggestions of Spielberg's early typical elements, you can not call this film the work and the example of a starred director who stands up. Not that it's not bad, of course, it's not, as I said earlier, too, it's not too sensational. This movie started very well and very promising, but after a fine opening, where as always the killing took place, the movie became a kind of slower and also boring to watch. Dull because it's more of a Columbo book movie that has no real moments memorable in it, not boring, because it's a boring movie to watch. The killing itself was ingenious enough and the concept of having a crime story writer killing his writing partner showed great and exciting potential. The story, however, has not really explored all its possibilities. At least that's the feeling that this film left me. The film was still a good one to pursue, however, thanks to the character of Jack Cassidy, who thinks he is smarter than Columbo, because of his mystery / crime writing experience and trying to give him all sorts of possible suggestions, by removing himself . But, of course, Columbo knows better and he is his number one suspect in the first moment, but he usually plays the game along. The movie has a general general style and uses a fine camera position and editing. It is fun to see that most of this was largely consistent with Spielberg's subsequent work, especially with some of the room angles. A perfect and tracked Columbo movie, but do not leave Spielberg's name attached to raise your expectations for that too much. <br /> <br /> 7/10
