This was the first televised episode of the Columbo series (although it was filmed after "Death Lends a Hand") and announced one of the most successful television series in history. Jack Cassidy, the killer of the series three times) also enthusiastically exudes fur, arrogance, and self-assurance, as Ken Franklin, half of the mysterious writer's team who elicits a plot to kill his partner, Jim Ferris played by Martin Milner) who decides to end his professional relationship, leaving Franklin exposed as a journalist rather than a prolific writer. The initial setting of the crimes is fantastic, and Cassidy's performance facilitates an appealing recognition that he was the best Columbo serial killer. Peter Falk is greatly underestimated in his role as Columbo and the inherent features of character and strangeness that are highlighted by a seeming slowness and absent-mindedness, contrasting particularly well with Cassidy's selfish character: one of their early scenes along with Ken Franklin , which produces a reason for killing Jim Ferris's non-existent identification of hits that operate in the underworld exemplifies this very well. Franklin makes Columbo explain this potential reason, and Columbo (intentionally or ignorantly) fails to jam, forcing Franklin to express his disappointment in an appropriate manner and to compare him unfavorably with the detective in the books, Mrs. Melville. Also noteworthy is the early directorial contribution of Steven Spielberg, 24 years old. However, some elementary camera inclusions that shadow actors and actresses, he adds some elegant and elaborate touches to support the overall professionalism of the episode. A particularly tricky picture is that of Jim Feriss's body on the couch, almost dark in the foreground, as Ken Franklin raises a glass in the background after he finishes answering a phone call to Ferris's distracted wife . I have no doubt that working on a limited schedule of 10-14 days, Spieberg's efforts should not be underestimated. Unfortunately, the second murder event, imposed by a blackmail scheme planned by a woman Franklin's boyfriend (and ironically called "negligent" by Columbo during his climate survey), eliminates everything. The earthquake of the plot is compromised and the screening time between Falk and Cassidy drops unexplainably at this point to help scriptwriter Stephen Bocho get out of a corner because he can not develop the story alone without another crime. <br /> <br /> The climax is the most disappointing aspect of this episode. The original ban and word exchange between Falk and Cassidy are executed heavily and efficiently, but they just claim that it should have happened more in the episode. The main worsening is the sealing index (if it can be called a clue): Cassidy's character so far chasing and arrogance is amazingly expelled by a hint that does not really involve his guilt; and once this is mentioned, it captures in a rather unspectacular and uncharacteristic manner. All in all, a bold opening of the series, which inevitably promotes and predicts all that is good about Columbo and, conversely, the problems associated with such ingenuity, namely maintaining high standards and, in particular, creating a credible final suitably smart.
