As Beatlemaniac I am, I approached Two Of Us with a combination of fear and fascination. After seeing "In his life: The story of John Lennon," I was quite worried that two of us would not be able to do it anymore. The fact that Aidan Quinn and Jared Harris do not show anything like John Lennon and Paul McCartney? even with some make-up and appropriate hairstyles? did not help a bit. But I was more than a little pleasantly surprised. Probably due to the involvement of Michael Lindsay-Hogg, who directed Let It Be in 1970, and probably probably knew John and Paul pretty well, the characters and the dialogue were as compelling. (The credit for Two of Us is given to a man named Mark Stanfield, about whom I do not know anything, I feel confident that Lindsay-Hogg had more to do with the script.) Two Of Us is not the biography of the Beatles ; has very little of a plot, in fact, and takes place in a single day in New York City. What he does is to imagine a meeting between John and Paul in 1976, while John lived in New York. This meeting is entirely fictitious, of course? although it can not really be denied that such a meeting actually took place. But through this imagined conversation, we have a look at the personalities of these two great musicians? their intelligence, the sense of humor, their different reaction to the stardom, and especially their relationship; what made them such a wonderful team and what they broke. Since it's a speech film, nothing but a two-person dialogue for an hour and a half, the Beatles fans; but it's a fantastic piece of writing and stories, and it's both informative and moving. For those interested in these two giant musicians, will you quickly overcome the shock of how the different actors show from their counterparts and feel that John and Paul have come to life? so intimate and convincing is the scenario, and so employees are the actors. Two of us give you an invaluable insight into the life of two geniuses and a sad and funny story. Highly recommended.
