The Georgian quintessential film by Georgi Danelia, Ne goryuy (1969), known as "Do not Grieve", is based on the novel by French writer Claude Tillier (1801-1844) "Mon oncle Benjamin". The novel takes place in the countryside of the 18th century Century France. The Great French Revolution is still ahead of her, but some stormy signs are present in society. Benjamin, the local doctor, is a soul of a local society, the educated, friendly and democratic person, who often lives to the poor for free. It makes him very popular with locals, but he certainly does not help his bank account. He is in love with a beautiful Manette, who is also crazy, but is closely watched by her father who called her daughter "the little capital" and is determined to protect her virginity until the signing of the marriage contract ... never read the book and the description sounds like a very French charming novel, but I am fascinated by the results of the movement of characters and plotting elements from the 18th century until the beginning of the 20th century Georgia-Grusiya. I would think that Danelia came with all the memorable colorful characters who feel so much at home in Georgia - Grusiya, a country with long and wonderful traditions, including the art of making and drinking wine, the Georgians seem to possess, a humor very unique and a high honor code. When I watched the movie last night with my husband, he said, a great example of art film, and I agree with him. Do not Grieve is a perfect, beautiful, visual, deep, but funny movie, sometimes sad and philosophical, but never in an arrogant but optimistic way, celebrating life with all the beauty and sadness of interest, irony and loving understanding its slightly eccentric, but very human characters. What is most important, the movie is warm and gentle, does not look down at viewers, as some of the artworks do. You do not have to be a film to love, live with, smile and sigh, follow the young good Doctor Benjamin (the first role in a famous Danelia film of the famous singer and actor Wachtang Kikabidze with whom Danelia would have continued to make two more films, including one of my favorites all the time, Mimino) on her journey on Georgian roads and mountains. Or be a guest in a kind of party where friends gather to celebrate the life of the old doctor Levan who wanted to be a guest on his own, to hear what his friends have to say about him when he dies while he is still in life, and who chooses the color he prefers for his coffin. When I looked at the film, I thought it was kind of a movie that Federico Fellini would have liked. I was not surprised to find the article about Danelia where he calls Fellini, the number one director. We also found that, according to Danelia, the famous Soviet director Leonid Gaiday (the creator of many loved comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (the visionary I do not have to introduce loved Danelia's film, story about American boy Huck Finn, Sovsem propashchiy) he felt and spoke negatively about Do not Trieve, while Fellini praised him very much. Dare to go on and assume that Maestro Fellini could remember a few pictures and even the aura and atmosphere of Do not Grieve when he made Amrarcord in 1973. Just a thought, because there is something essential to connect both films. Both artists returned to their roots, to the places they love deeply, to the people they remember, loved and wanted to honor. Both films have lots of smiles through tears. Both are art films that reach directly into the hearts of viewers. Both are masterpieces. I think I will add Georgi Danelia to my list of favorite directors. He made some of the brightest images in my most favorite genre of dramedy, even the tragicomedies that are fun and sweet sweet, painful and subtle, earthly and uplifting, gentle and bright. When I watched the list of films he wrote / directed, I was amazed that he did not make a single bad movie since he started in 1960 with the award-winning story of a little boy, Seryozha. Many of Danelia's films are among my favorites because I'm sure he is among his legions of fans. The man behind "Seryozha, Sovsem propashchiy (1972), which is an adaptation of Mark Twain The adventures of Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya shagayu po Moskve (1964) aka Walking the Streets of Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969), Afonya ), Mimino (1977), Osenniy marafon (1979) aka Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy, which is a very suitable title for this film as well as for the genre Danelia has practically invented, Kin-Dza-Dza 1986) is brilliant and deserves our true love and true gratitude for the unforgettable moments of cinematic happiness.
