WWE needed a savior as Wrestlemania 14 rolled. Bret Hart's departure and subsequent evaporation of the Hart Foundation left the D-Generation X villas unimportant in the WWE. Their clever leader, Shawn Michaels, stole the title from Hart thanks to Vince McMahon's intervention, and with the help of his cohorts, Triple H and Chyna systematically took someone who provoked his supremacy. But there was a new competitor at Royal Rumble. Cold stone, Steve Austin. The hatred of McMahonagement, Austin worried about DX. So worried about the fact that they have enlisted the help of "the worst man on the planet" Mike Tyson as a special officer. Austin would have strong chances against him in his title match with Shawn Michaels. But first, there was an undercard to go through that kicked off with the Legion of Doom wins a forgotten match of 15 Royal fighting team becoming NO.1 candidates for tag titles. In fact, I forgot that there was this match until I reopened the PPV. It is not very good and has really highlighted the lack of depth in the tag division at that time in time. The next game saw the Light Heavyweight title of Champion Taka Michonoku against Aguila. WWE has set the Heavyweight Light title to compete with the WCW Cruiserweight Division. He was not successful and was the only time the title was ever defended at Wrestlemania. The short game, about five minutes, and actually too short to be much easier to achieve. What they did was interesting and it was a great match that saw Taka keep its title. OK, the next game saw DX member Triple H in defense of the WWE European title, which he won Shawn Michaels on RAW in December and did not defend the PPV, against Owen Hart, the only survivor. Triple H has a big entrance with the DX band there to make the theme song. Chyna accompanied Triple H to the ring but was then handcuffed to WWE commissioner Sgt Slaughter. Triple H and Owen have a great match before Chyna intervenes, causing a slight blow to Hart, which leads to the title of Triple H. Of course we do not want to take time from the next match that saw the husband and wife real life, Marc Mero and Sable, defeat Goldust and Luna Vachon in the first mixed match at Wrestlemania in 8 years. And, with all honesty, it's not worth the wait. Though it was not terrible, the game was not memorable at all. It was close to the end of the Mero round in the WWE and the main purpose was to continue the disintegration of his relationship with Sable. Further on, I saw Ken Shamrock flip and cost the Intercontinental Championship because he destroyed IC Champion Rock but then refused to give up ankle blocking, which led to the referee's decision being rejected. This was a short but decent match for what it was. The next saw the first good night game as WWE Tag Team New Age Outlaws Champions lost their titles of Cactus Jack and Charlie Chainsaw in a Fun Dumpster Fun. The decision was overturned the following night, when Cactus and chain saw threw the protagonists into a backstage rather than the one used in the game but it was still a fun game. for meeting with Kane and his brother Undertaker. Kane has cost the Undertaker WWE Championship at Royal Rumble and then "killed" when he helped Shawn Michaels block the Undertaker in a coffin and put him on fire as a revenge for the Undertaker burning their parents' house and leaving him dazzling for years follow. It was a decent match and said a beautiful story as Underataker absorbed everything Kane could throw at him and then beat him with three funeral stones to finish the game. This only left the main event that saw the WWE Champion face Steve Austin and Mike Tyson as enforcer for the guests. Michaels suffered a debilitating back injury in his Undertaker match at Royal Rumble and was remarkable in this match despite his physical limitations. Triple H and Chyna were thrown back at the beginning of the year after they interfered from outside. The match ended with Austin making an attempt at Sweet Chin Music and hitting the Christmas Stunner with Ref. TYson then entered the ring to count the three, celebrating the victory with Austin and then beating Michaels after the game. It turned out that Tyson and Austin were together and that the cat played with the mouse over time. It was the last PPV match for Shawn Michaels for four and a half years. He helped establish Austin as the biggest star in combat business, and the usual publicity gained by Tyson's appearance turned out to be a decisive moment in WWE's WCW fight. Austin will continue to become the biggest star in WWE history, and together with Rock, Mick Foley, Undertaker and Triple H will head WWE at the time they will gain the highest level of cultural relevance. And it all started here at Wrestlemania 14.
