This movie works because it feels so authentic. The story is simple and realistic, capturing perfectly the joys and anxieties of adolescent love and sexuality that most / all have experienced during adolescence. The actors are as natural as the figures in a documentary, but they are as convincing and charismatic as the lead artists. The dialogue is fresh and honest ... and fortunately, it is not filled to the limit, with pop culture references. Also, the cinema is at once loud and beautiful, bringing life in a very thrilling way. <br /> <br /> At an artistic level, I like this movie because it reminds me of the great Italian neo - realism films such as The Bicycle Thief and La Strada. Movies rarely feel as "real" as it happens ... or as the bicycle thief did. And the only movie I've seen that treats adolescent sexuality with the same level of seriousness is Elia Kazan's Splendor in the Grass. Writer / director Peter Sollett deserves an extraordinary praise. This movie is a pretty big achievement. Personally, I always enjoy watching a movie that treats ethnic American members with love and respect. Like an Italian-American, I hate the way my people break into cinema (like racist, feminine, criminals in very irritating episodes), and my worsening on this number makes me extremely sensitive to other groups and to their silver screen terrible representations. Hispanics and Asians, in particular, seem to be cursed to play villains in Westerns and action movies. (Good thing that Gong Li did not try to become famous in America!) Of course thanks to the great increase in indie images and Miramax's influence, we see some pictures of ethnic characters here and there ... but Raising Victor Vargas is one of the best. While I really like the Greek wedding "My Big Fat," it's a refreshing change that Raising Victor Vargas is played straight (with less exaggerated and wider drawings), still very funny in itself. Finally! Latino characters worth mentioning. I have a feeling that this is a movie that will be retained. Of course, now that she has done this wonderful image of a Dominican Republic family, I hope Peter Sollett is in a movie about the Italians soon! :) - Marc DiPaolo
