This is a movie that has escaped me so far, but now that I have watched it, it appears as one of the great noir style entries. As usual, with DivX format, watching was far from being ideal? marked by occasional video and (especially) audio problems? but since the movie is no longer available on R1 DVD, this will have to do for the moment. Since the reputation of the film is quite large in the genre itself, I assume that the reason behind this surveillance is that it does not have a well-known actor in the forefront. Anyway, the late entry of the nominal star film? Franchot Tone ?? has a pretty awesome package (especially as it seems to be the father from the beginning)! Tone was an underestimated actor? Rarely he was given meat roles and this could be the best (making paranoia so fascinating and credibly dangerous). The female leader? Ella Raines, who will later be in the BRUTE FORM (1947), and SIDMAK's own SUSPECT (1944) and THE STRANGE AFFAIR OF UNCLE HARRY (1945)? is pretty pretty and able to assume the role of the distracted secretary to prove his convicted boss (Alan Baxter) innocent of his wife's brutal murder. Other key support points are espoused by Thomas Gomez as the original aggressor, but ultimately the police sympathizer, and Elisha Cook Jr.'s essential autumn genre? as a "female man" of a percussionist. Like Jules Dassin from BRUTE FORCE, Siodmak was a noir tune at this moment of his career, and this movie definitely benefits from its superb direction? ? all inclined angles and extraordinary jazz sets, including the jazz celebrated succession where Cook knocks his manikin on drums in a sex frenzy brought by Raines (who makes an act of drawing his attention, and eventually , leads him to confess that he has retained evidence to investigate that could release her boyfriend from prison.) Another long and long sequence is that Raines is following a bartender (another uncooperative witness) around the streets of New York? which results in being mown by a car! <br /> <br /> Note is also the process sequence? which is fully described by the audience's reaction so that the judge, the jury, the witnesses and D.A. are never seen (though the judge's voice is recognized as veteran actor Samuel S. Hinds). The most important part of the film is the scene in which Gomez and Tone talk about the nature of the murderer involved, which the inspector brought out as a psychic madman, offering "dizzying spells." Does the suspense climate find Raines alone with Tone in his apartment where he discovers evidence of his guilt? and confesses that he had an affair with Baxter's wife, but killed her when her husband would not be married to him. By the way, I caught up with a film in the film: While the story was clearly established in 1943, did I notice that during the taxi cab trip to the beginning of the movie? in which Alan Curtis escorts the lady to the theater? the establishment of the New York picture (including images clearly) contains a brand that promotes Laurel and Hardy's comedy music from 1938, SWISS MISS! In fact, the mystery writer, Cornell Woolrich, wrote the original novel on which this was based using a pseudonym.
