Alan Curtis has a strong, violent argument with his wife, extinguishes them from the apartment, has a night of drinking with a mysterious lady with a big hat in a bar (led by Andrew Tombes, in a nice part for a change ) and he returns to find his dead wife and the police, headed by Thomas Gomez, who was waiting for him. His attempts to prove his alibi - that he was with that mysterious lady - collapse because everyone he can think of (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claims there is never such a person. He ends without alibi, though Ellen Raines believes his secretary (who loves him secretly). Sentenced after a trial, he is awaiting sentence to death. Raines begins to get out of the truth, discovering that Gomez has some doubts. She also finds an ally in a friend of Curtis, Franchot Tone, who seems to have left town on the night of the crime. Will Curtis clean up in time? FANTOM LADY is based on a novel by William Irish (great noir writer Cornell Woolrich). As fans of the film know from other works of Woolrich (LEOPARD MAN, THE NIGHT HAS A SMALL EYE, WITHOUT SIDE, NONE A WORLD), one can not assume what is true on the surface anywhere. The missing wife of a salesperson may not actually be able to send out messages she has received if she still has jewelry. Can the mentalist really be able to predict the tragedy - or have he plotted the assassination of his old partner, now a millionaire of oil? Is the leopard killing young women or is the retic rich in the city, hiding some guilty knowledge? The young woman, pretending to be the wife of a brother killed in a train wreck, actually an impostor? Here is Raines and Gomez (with Tone's help) trying to prove that Curtis saw a woman no one will recognize - and if she sees it, why can no one ever remember to see her? The problem with the story is indeed Curtis's personality - he is too easy to find guilty of the crime he did not commit. In fact, anyone who is innocent would have cried until they were executed. However, in defending Curtis's collapse, it happens with other people in different films: Gary Cooper, in MR. DEEDS GOES TO TOWN, becomes so disgusted with the frames he receives from Douglas Dumbrille and his minions, that he does not appear at first, until the people who depend on his help or shout the fears in the room judgment and resume the sense of responsibility. But Curtis seems to quit. Under normal circumstances, Raines, Gomez and everyone else will not care if Curtis did not. But the film survives this weakness. The slow discovery of lies by witnesses corrupt by the real killer allows Raines with Tombes two tracks for a high platform and Elisha Cook at a jazz session. Gomez proves to be more perceptive than the villain expects to check his alibi again. And the villain manages to stay a little before Raines and Gomez until the end of the movie. If it's not such a great movie as DOUBLE INDEMNITY or POSTMAN ALWAYS ALWAYS TWICE or THE FALCON MALTESE, it keeps well enough until Curtis and Raines come together.
