This noir may not be the most remembered movie ever, but it has a great mystery plot, the common noir atmosphere and some good performances of its lesser known members. Robert Siodmak, the talented director behind the classic "Spiral Scale" horror, directed this film two years earlier than the above-mentioned film and shows a true flair to create a dark and lively atmosphere as well as create a plot for both intrigues, fascinating the viewer. Phantom Lady focuses on Scott Henderson; a man married to a woman he does not love. He takes a lady in a big hat in a bar one evening, and the two agree with a night of fun "without close ties." However, he returns home to find his apartment infested by police officers, and soon finds out that the reason they are there is that his wife has been strangled with one of the throat links! He is unhappy to find out that no one has seen her while the mysterious woman can remember her, and of course the jury sends him for the murder of his wife. However, fortunately for him his beautiful female employee deals with the case ... The land moves along the beautiful all along, and unlike many of the most famous noirs, it presents some crimes, which make the process more interesting. In fact, if it were not for the 40s shot in black and white, I'd swear that Phantom Lady was an Italian Giallo! The central characters are quite interesting, and Alan Curtis offers a good portrayal of the unfortunate victim, and Ella Raines is effective as a female detective impromptu. The true appreciation of the film is, however, Franchot Tone, which offers a memorable show as the crazy madman of the play. The film also has a role to play for supporting extraordinary actor Elisha Cook Jr, who plays the role of drums in the most memorable segment of the film. If I criticized this movie, I would say that the identity of the killer is revealed too early - although Phantom Lady deserves credit on this front for the original way he does. The conclusion is satisfactory and everything makes sense (which is amazing considering the unbelievable plot line), and Phantom Lady is generally one of the largest and least-ever seen novels ever made!
