Man, this is a tough DVD. We found it only in Region 2, of Spanish importance, and it was expensive. Deserved? Well, yes. Not so much because it is a masterpiece of the film, though directed by Curt Siodmak (credits from IMDb.com read "Robert", but DVD credits Curt) or because he has some familiar figures from other mystery of murder - Elisha Cook, Jr. and Thomas Gomez - but because my ten-year curiosity about the movie was finally satisfied. Essentially, a respected but autonomous engineer (Alan Curtis) by his foreign wife and is in a New York bar with two show tickets in his pocket. A woman with a strange hat is on the chair beside him and politely invites him to join a musical magazine. She accepts, a little miserable. Bartender mopey gives his eyes as long as they leave. At the show, the stunning star notices that this lady in the audience wears the same hat and bursts out of the scene with anger. The drummer of the group, Cook, looks at the silent lady, but receives no answer. Curtis takes the woman home and asks for her name, but she will not give it and she does not want to figure it out. If she were a devoted Longfellow, she would have said something about night-time ships. Curtis returns home as his wife was killed in his absence. Police Chief, Gomez, returns to DA. His only alibi is that he was with a phantom lady that no one else remembers him - not the barman, not the Latina star, not the cab driver ("Al Alp"), not the drummer - and since the lady has disappeared, it is impossible to dig it. Curtis is convicted and sentenced to die. But Inspector Gomez thought things and decided he was probably innocent, because no one with a brain would do such a bad story. He joins Curtis's loving secretary, Ella Raines, in revising the case informally. Visit the supposed witnesses again. The menacing bartender is driven by a car, perhaps by chance, so he does not have the image anymore. The hot-tempered Latina left, because the show was closed, and anyway it is uncooperative and ignorant of the source of the hat. Elisha Cook, Jr., is strangled by the real killer, but not before being presented in a scene where he uses drums in an improvised jazz band. His sweaty face requires an expression that does not suggest an intense concentration, but rather a monstrous, orgasmic madness. His glasses roll up to the ceiling, his mouth drops, his hammers become frenetic. I laughed aloud. Nobody performs otherwise, but they are all professional enough. Thomas Gomez is always trustworthy. The best performance, however, is probably by Franchot Tone. He's the real killer, and he falsifies his alibi. It is reserved and artistic. Even when he makes them famous, he is cute. I do not know how to put it exactly, but Tone seems to think so well as to simply act his role. Alan Curtis as an innocent engineer is almost zero on the Kelvin scale and is part of a B picture. I do not know why he is considered classical. It's really your master murder mystery by Cornell Woolrich, not as good as his others. But Siodmak's direction is sensitive. A man walks over him and his hat revolves around a water gutter that moves around him. The use of shadows is effective in silence. I'm glad we did.
