Phantom Lady (1944) Dir: Robert Siodmak Production: Universal Pictures Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis), after an ugly fight and shared with his wife, pain in the local irrigation mouth. There, he spies a woman in a similar emotional state and, in search of a person, asks her for a show at a club to get her mind off their problems. She agrees, but only on condition that they keep their name for themselves. Sure enough, when Scott gets home, he finds the police there, waiting to question him. His wife was killed. Where were you at 8pm, are they asking Inspector Burgess (Thomas Gomez)? But Scott has an alibi, right? He just does not know the woman's name. And the bartender remembers Scott, but not the woman. Neither cab driver. Neither the drummer (Elisha Cook Jr.) at the club. Even the club dancer, whom Scott clearly caught by looking at the woman (both wearing the same hat), will not recognize that there is anyone with him. Something is happening, but whatever it is, Scott is powerless to defend himself in a lawsuit and is sentenced to death for murdering his wife (in the weakest "evidence" in Hollywood's history). He is left to his loyal secretary, "Kansas" (Ella Raines), who later joined a Burgess sympathetic inspector to find out the real killer before being executed by Scott. Phantom Lady is built on themes that repeat, almost compulsively, in Woolrich's work. For example, the schizophrenic antagonist is also seen in Black Angel and The Leopard Man. In addition, there is the character that becomes ruthless about the death of a lover or husband, as found in Rendezvous in Black and The Bride Wore Black. It may leave a viewer feeling that he is walking on a well-used ground. But, in the right hands, feverish parcels, evil dialogue, narrative mismatches, all are beside the subject. Fortunately, Phantom Lady was guided by healthy hands. This is Siodmak's first noir. He will continue to distinguish himself as one of, if not the best of the style practitioners (The Killers, Criss Cross). This is forcibly associated with the cinefilographer Woody Bredell (they will be reunited at Christmas and Criminals). There are some wonderful stories made in the room. In one shot, the deteriorated mental state of a character is presented as he stands in front of a three-way mirror, suggesting more personalities. The same character, who is an artist, has Van Gogh's self-portrait with his bandaged ear hanging on the wall in his apartment. But what Siodmak and Bredell really do in Phantom Lady actually create the noir look. Launched very early in 1944, it's all here; wet pavements, atmosphere and horror bags, b & w contrast, highly expressive versions of reality (when Kansas visits Scott in prison), discordant trees of light, etc. It's a terrific picture to look at. Franchot Tone aside, the distribution, as well as the subject and lack of relative experience of the director (and probably the budget), suggests the ambitions of the film "B". I thought Tone was a little weird. Alan Curtis (High Sierra) is not up to much and, in fact, he's getting pretty weak in some scenes. Ella Raines is mostly good (and quite beautiful). Her sexual scene with Elisha Cook Jr. is so delusional that she must be seen to be believed. Another exceptional scene is when Kansas goes after the bartender to ask him. It represents a scene of pursuit, while the dog is constantly on the streets, with a stop at a subway station. Some real tensions out there. <br /> <br /> *** of 4
