I can safely admit (like an IMDb geek) that "Phantom Lady" will never break into my movie noir top twenty. Maybe he can not slip into the top fifty. But rather than discredit the movie because it is not as good as many other classics of the noir movie, it should be noted that "Phantom Lady" has enough strong and lasting images to make a useful viewing experience. All that is needed by the viewer is the ability to overcome the terribly slow start. The film is not until Kansas (Ella Raines) sets out to try to prove everything, but not the innocence of her boss, Scott Anderson (Alan Curtis), who was convicted of murder. "Kansas" is Anderson's secretary during the day and the amateur detective at night. As a novice detective, she does pretty well for her while working on the streets of New York at night. Slowly try to put together puzzles of a mysterious puzzle. To be honest, the film belongs to Raines and only because of his presence the film works well. Somehow, she is able to inspire life in a movie about a condemned man who is not interesting in the least. I'm not sure if this dynamic divided by a man of unmanageable leadership becomes the actor or director's fault, but that is clearly the case if something gets terribly wrong with the movie. As exciting as Raines is as a novice detective, things are accelerating in another hidden unit when "Kansas" pays a late visit to a wandering drummer (Elisha Cook, Jr.) in search of information to help the boss sentenced. She and the drummer paint the city in a new kind of red while visiting jazz clubs "all night." Trying to describe this scene will prove to be either an injustice to the scene, or even worse, could ruin the scene together. You will know the scene after the last cymbal accident. If you are lucky enough to have this movie on DVD, you will probably resume this scene again and again. As good as Raines, this scene makes this movie worthwhile. It's mainly because of this scene that I miss "Lady Phantom" a 7 instead of 6. <br /> <br /> For the most part, this movie comes as a warm and gentle, with a few big scenes and a magnificent scene. It's the "drum / sex scene" that separates this movie from any other movie. And, just as the movie says, "You're never going wrong with Vanilla," I'd also like to add that "going with vanilla" is the sure choice of falling back when you can not decide to have a more tasty treatment. Clark Richards
