The aim of any James Bond game is to make the player feel as if they are doing a final fantasy: step by foot with agent 007. "FRWL" is closer to this game than any other game, because of this time you control the true James Link. No violation of Pierce Brosnan, who made a fantastic Bond and borrowed his voice and resemblance to "EON," but Sean Connery was James Bond original and there will never be anyone near his cool. <br /> <br /> I have to say that, like many others who have reviewed this game, 70-year-old Sean's voice does not match his 30-year-old screen, and this needs something ordinary, but it certainly deserves it. He's making lines like "Bond James Bond" and "Shaken, he was not agitated." But Sir Sean's control when he takes the bad organization known as OCTOPUS is, just like Bond in Octopussy, "just the tip of the tentacle." The game's appreciation begins with the gun launch button. It's the original barrel of the gun in the movies. Then you will take the first mission, saving the Prime Minister's blonde daughter from terrorists to Parliament, and everything from clothes to clothes is perfectly retro. The world of the game is really the world of the original James Bond, even to the classical rock-n-roll interpretation of the James Bond theme that eventually plays at a key moment in the game, while Bond infiltrates a secret factory. <br /> <br /> After the opening of the game, the plot follows with fidelity the film plot "FRWL". James Bond is sent to Turkey to recover a Lektor device from a Russian cipher who claims he has a passion for him. In Turkey, Bond joins Kerim Bey. Bond must recover the device, protect the dams in distress, and safely get them back to London. Scenarist Bond Bruce Feirstein worked on the script and did a good job of doing the same but different from the movie. The characters in the movie are all recreated well, but some are better than others. The impersonators expressing the villains, Rosa Klebb and Red Grant, are miracles. And there is an early moment in the game where you interact with a Miss Moneypenny, M, and Q that all look and behave as they did in the original Sean Connery 007 movies. What puts this game miles before other Bond games on next to Sir Sean's voice and likeness, are two notable features in the game. One is Focus Focus. While you can send criminals simply by blocking them with one button and killing them with the other, an additional push of the button will allow you to get closer to a target and choose between the spots that Bond will shoot , such as a grenade attached to a belt that will send an enemy and some of his friends, or a rappel cord that will cause a suspended foe to collapse to death. The other notable feature is killing stealth and mêlée. When you're in a fairly close range, you hit a button to beat an enemy with the brutal brutality that only Sean Connery's James Bond showed. Sean Connery's Bond has relied heavily on his intelligence and gross talent, so you have only a few gadgets, but they are good. Q-Copter is a remote control helicopter that can self-destroy and explore the areas that Bond can not reach, such as the Q-spider from "EON", than better. The classic laser watch is useful not only to enter sealed rooms but to send enemies when you do not have another available weapon. Sonic cuff and serpent are the funniest to play, but you have to experience them for yourself. Besides gadgets, you can dress and dress up in a number of retro costumes discovered during the game, including the gray outfit of the film, the standard black tuxedo, a retro stealth suit and the classic white tuxedo, when Sir Sean wore them in the movies. When driving, drive Aston Martin DB5 directly from "Goldfinger". It can not become invisible, but it has a gadget to remove tires as in the movie. And when you do not fly on the streets of Istanbul in the "Goldinger" car, you can fly through the air in the "Thunderball" jet pack. Then there is multiplayer. Of course, it must be compared to the "GoldenEye" standard and fails. You can also play only Bond villains than Bond himself or the other heroes of the game. But the multiplayer is fun and a decent bonus, since the wonderful one-player campaign makes the game worth playing. The basic game has other flaws. Some of the most exciting moments of the film, especially the changes of the Gypsies camp, Bond's Red Bond battle on Orient Express, and a confrontation between Bond and Rosa Klebb's blouse, are not right in the form of a game. And the game is a fast game, even on the most difficult issue. But in general, this game is the best James Bond experience so far.
