I'm not a follower of a certain kind of film. They classify movies just as industrial or non-industrial. Valentine is the second industrial film of director Jamie Blanks after Urban Legends. Unlike Urban Legends, the script and story line are very poor. However, unlike Urban Legends, the basics of the film are so impressive and iconic, which makes Valentine the best. <br /> <br /> As the first basic and iconic element, the growing hatred of the serial killer is so low-earth. Starting with the years of secondary education, he grew up with the wounds he accumulated in his soul towards his classmates who had fun with him. When you concentrate enough on this first element while watching the movie, you will come to see this point of humanism: "No one is entirely good or bad. In fact, someone known as evil can be secret in the heart." Just because the story line and the direction are very weak, we are not as satisfied as we deserve. <br /> <br /> The second iconic element is, of course, the impressive impressiveness of the superstars of the late '90s: My favorite is Jessica Cauffiel, who is killed in the hottest way to be killed. An arrow shot by a bow beats her stomach and remains stuck as she plays hidden and searching for the blind date, never able to meet. Katherine Heigl is the first starlet who was killed in a biology lab trying to hide under human body models that are on surgical tables. Denise Richards is killed third, while she just found a Valentine's Day gift for her at a whirlpool bath. Jessica Capshaw is the last one killed in a confidential and unseen fashion, then is slandered as a serial killer. Marley Shelton is the most unfortunate, with a vicissitudes of luck that she will be killed in the most confidential way we will never know, because the movie is coming to an end before being killed. Ultimately, Benita Ha is the luckiest since he was not a classmate of serial killer David Boreanaz. The third and last iconic element is the soundtrack of the labyrinth scene, the Day of Feast at Dorothy's Houses, and ultimately the murder themes. Everyone loved the soundtrack as far as I know. Hard Rock does not fit better in a mysterious serial movie.
