If I had been familiar with the boys and doll's production of the scene before seeing the movie, I might not be as fond of myself as I am. Although in all fairness, I would prefer better film production better because of my general worship of both Brando (for his role) and Sinatra (for his voice, though he is the actor, see The Manchurian Candidate or From Here at Eternity.) As for some of the other commentators' comments on songs, I have the Broadway soundtrack and, although Isabel Bingley's voice discovers Jean Simmons's, it's no longer enjoyable. It seems to me that it has a pretty brilliant quality. Jean Simmons' voice is much more realistic, though, of course, is not always an enormous concern in musical. Also, the only time I noticed Marlon Brando's particularly vocal record was during Luck Be A Lady's performance and only there because I was previously familiar with the Sinatra version. I also find Vivian Blaine's voice much more enjoyable in the film than on Broadway. And the only voice of Sinatra could redeem the defects of all the others if they really needed redemption. (They were not) He is infinitely better than Sam Levene, especially in my favorite song "Sue Me". <br /> <br /> Also, the complaint that a lot of songs have been omitted from the film for the lower songs, I ask to differ. "A Bushel and a Peck" is not at all a precious stone, and the song that replaced him, "Pet Me Poppa" and his accompanying performance is more Hot Box material. Personally, I do not care about "Marry the Man Today" and I'm glad it was not included in the movie, I adore 'I've never been loved before' and although it was not played in the film, the instrumental version can be heard when Nathan find out in the Adelaide workshop. In Love 'express the same feeling as well and probably in an interval that both stars could become more capable. And the movie would not be the same without Adelaide, which is not included on Broadway. movie soundtracks were available for sale, I would recommend buying them instead of Broadway. Although I have not seen the original production, I can not imagine that the acting would be superior to that of the film actors. The important thing is that the story is as charming as ever, and the daughter and the gs act do not do it any less.
