I will not try to speculate about what Brando is trying to do. In the best way, he turns into such a strange performance, insinuating so many things at once, that he does not seem to do anything as much as an uninterrupted instinct. It often seems that he draws attention to a favorable aspect of his character over everyone else, a concentration that, if followed, turns out to be something of a red herring, because it turns out to be subtle and more spectacular than it first appeared. This is a mastery of the artifice, not of naturalism, as it might be associated with the Method. Sky Masterson's role, as Mankiewicz has done, seems to be adapted for him, which begins with strange and weird to the end, because no matter what Brando did, he succeeded grace, maybe all but one perfect - again strange, coming from an actor with limited musical abilities, never before or after being associated with the musical comedy. Jean Simmons, also strangely interpreted, is not as impressive, but certainly just-fitting, truly enchanting in the Havana sequence, and never quite at all enjoyable. <br /> <br /> And yet ... maybe because the actors are so focused both on what they do and the characters on what they intend to each other, it does not seem to be the chemistry of I've never seen anything more than that. "Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah feed each other pretty well, but I do not see much beyond that. In a movie, this is absolutely orbiting and fun and most of it, artisanal, is just that - dazzling), this lack would seem tactful and easy to overlook, but so much depends on true chemistry! A transformation, at least in part, such a chemistry would give something positive that moves to the final stage. As someone happens, one leaves this movie with excitement, but not really moved, except for a way to deny the truth of union. marries in the uniform of his missionary, Sky Mas terson, in the same city with the man about the city, rather than a wedding tux. And they have changed back to those of their previous scene! Pretty entertaining (that is, inspired), the most moving and serious scene is, I think, between Brando and Vivian Blaine, Sinatra / Nathan Detroit's Puppet, Adelaide, the only scene in which these two are exclusively together, not least because there is no sign of flirting between them, even if it takes place in the closet of Adelaide, while Adelaide is about to change. Although it can be said that there is no place for this, Sky is really the kind of "checking" Adelaide in such circumstances. He's just there to tell Adelaide that Nathan will not meet her to run away. Adelaide and Sky are both true in their way to Nathan, even full of him, as demonstrated by a tone in exchange for them. Adelaide is, of course, frustrated and disappointed, but her anger is mitigated by her deeper feelings for Nathan, as Sky admits she can not love a man and then want them to be someone else. <br /> </ p> <p> Boys and dolls represent another round in the fight between genders, around the themes of play and rescue. Since both the compulsive and the salvation seeker despair more or less unconsciously, there may be a deliberately dark secret behind Brando and Simmons' lack of chemistry. In the end, this lack could indicate an excess of narcissistic preoccupation (resumed by the Sinatra / Blaine link, although with a considerably less involved involvement) that could explain the strange and provocative interpretations of Sky Masterson and Sister Brando and Simmons Sarah. I realize that Simmons is more likely to show coldness and skepticism, but Brando, though playing to face it, is not too warm and eager, and is more than just keeping his distance - he assimilates it, keeping her balance through her. Encouraging him is just to play against her - the trip to Cuba, a kiss, whatever it takes - but he is not actually put on winning by seducing her so much as she then beats her on her lawn. This can be suggestive, because playing to zeal can be the only way to reach the missionary and through it. But it makes Sky's start just trying to win a bet to actually want Sarah Brown a bit less than persuasive. But why does she want her? What does it mean to fall in love with Sky? It seems to me that the only way to get this thing is by really accepting that his humanity has started and that he does not want to go to Sister Sarah, so, as she promised, she has to give sinners in a prayer meeting, to deal with his "marker", as he puts it, as a way to win it back when he seems to have already won just to lose it. But it still shows self-concern more than anything else. However, it also allows Sarah Brown's self-concern because Sky will fill the missionary in her to recover her lover. It does not even seem to change much by uniting them, except perhaps in accepting the other. However, this would seem a total but extremely worrying proposition: acceptance is still a cry far from achieving happiness in the other, not to mention the transcendence that each of them seems to imprint through "chemistry". And behind all these things, I suspect Mankiewicz knows fully. For all who could say in defending boys and puppies still that they can not expect too much from the musicians through the depths, I only need them to remember Cabaret, Three Penny Opera, Carousel, A star is born, even Sound of Music, which I do not care so much about (and can continue to add to this list without going straight to post-cabaret music), all wrapped up wonderful music and dancing around awful anxieties.
