It would be easy to call boys and great dolls. He has Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and, unlike Sinatra's original desires, casting works), has a very good feeling in the 1950s, even if it's actually transposed from the scene with just a little interruption. And most songs are often very entertaining and appealing, and they did so with that clip and the thought of the wonderful escapism inherent in the form itself. If it's not as big as others, it should not be the fault of director Joseph L. Mankiewicz. Not all songs give a full click and a bit of dialogue resembles the fact that they are playing for the scene, as opposed to the film (sometimes hard to tell - Brando and Sinatra squeeze the line so many times they have to look carefully for telling when one plays for the room or "scene," while actress playing Adele is better for the scene than the screen). The land is one of those winners that works well for his period, even if one asks if his influence stretched until 1999 as "She's All" (well, not enough, but close). A player (and 14-year-old fiancée), played by Sinatra, wants to host a big game, but it says "the heat is on," that is, the police are being watched. So he has only one choice to host the game with a table of thousands of dollars. The only way that can be achieved is through a long-term bet with colleague Brando, who is put in place to make a wild job of a mission worker. It allows for predictable upheavals in the story, the sudden transformation of the character's charm, the idiosyncrasies of street people (gangsters and dancers, and "saitn" played by Jean Simmons that falls for Brando). This is, in its basic concept, about the whole world of boys and dolls and how to balance one or the other - obviously without being married or too compromised. Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy, even if it keeps still with the camera on the subject, and its stars are well bent. Hell, even Brando works great for a musical, as he goes beyond simply being the actor of the method and showing his song for singing and the quality of big stars. Story and characters eventually come to what they hope will happen, and that's good. Everything we ask for - and what we receive - is entertainment, in good spirits, involving dialogue and some songs and dances that take home downstairs (my favorites were Club Cat Lady Numbers, and the two numbers in Havana, Cuba). A-
