A group of model women in San Francisco, who were friends from primary school, are suddenly threatened and attacked by someone who sends them bizarre Valentine's Day books. Who is the murderer, and why is the murderer after them? <br /> <br /> My rating will often change on subsequent views of a movie - sometimes slightly up, sometimes slightly down. However, I do not remember another movie in which my rating has changed as drastically as for Valentine. The first time I saw her, when it was released, I thought it was terrible - I gave it 4 out of 10, equivalent to an "F" note. Watching her the second time last night, I do not remember what the hell I did not like. I can only assume I may have been really wrong to look at him, or maybe I did not succeed. In any case, I liked this moment, giving her a 9 out of 10, or an "A". It might sound ridiculous by saying that I did not get a movie like this, but there is something to get. Valentine is almost a comedy / horror. Director Jamie Blanks, who was also responsible for Urban Legend in 1998, takes on stereotypical horror formulas that became so popular in the late 1990s after Scream (1996) and pushed most elements into a notch, making Valentine deliberately cheese / campy almost to the point of absurdity (where absurdity is a positive stylistic term). In addition, it gives us an impromptu movie with a humorous commentary on romantic relationships. Humor is unusual because it has the same exaggerated tonal as the horror teen. Most of the situations in the movie and modus operandi of the bastards, humorous or not, are related to the theme of Valentine's Day. Many viewers will likely subtract certain points in the film for their different cliques - incomplete but implausible scenarios and developments in their plans. However, in the light of the above, the film is deliberately cliché, implausible and absurd. It is as if Blanks tries (and in most cases succeeds) to overcome the typical teen slasher, mocking / spying on gender conventions, while also satirizing eros. This is the attraction to the irony of creating a horror movie on Valentine's Day. It's an incongruity that is stitched along the movie, and that's herself at the center of the slasher genre, making it a raw feed for Valentin's extravagant praise. Scream had a similar purpose to his horror material, but the outline was that the film was "self-conscious." Valentine's Day is not intentionally self-conscious; the spectator must rely on contextual hints for satire. If I do not think I'm "reading too much" in the movie, it's worth noting that Blanks said in interviews that "he did not want to make another film after Urban Legend," and producer Dylan Sellers said he wanted to do something "more adult ". Other viewers may not like the fact that Valentine's Day differs so much from the alleged source material, the novel by the same name of Tom Savage. The characters of the novel, setting and plot are very different from the film. Sellers said, "While it was a beautiful book, I did not think it was the true story of a movie." So the novel, which is much drier and more serious in tone, has been used as a launch pad, a reason to create variants for a horror story / thriller centered on Valentine's Day. Though these facts will not help purists familiar with the book as well as the film, it is useful to understand why the film has the plot and the divergent attitude. It's probably better to look at the film as an independent entity with a similar theme. The Blanks Division is visually flawless. Valentine's Day has a lush look with deep complex colors, interesting sets and a good scene. Blanks is admirable for keeping his negative character and attacking scenes that are not too dark, with clearly transmitted actions. It also directs actors with an aplomb that often creates humorous performances. David Boreanaz, like Adam Carr, is involved in many of the funniest moments. While Valentine's Day is not a masterpiece, it's a very good thriller / thriller that seems to be highly prone to misconceptions. If you notice that you expect more in language, you may find that you appreciate much more.
