This is a masterpiece of Frank Loesser of funny verses, competent themes and a solid construction by those who adapted Damon Runyon's material to the musical "book". What is surprising about the movie is how the musical numbers flow perfectly from the story. Abe Burrows made the Contribution book from Loesser; Michael Kidd was the choreographer, and the remarkable art direction was contributed by Joseph Wright. The story can be said in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, needs cash to fund his permanent floating cock game to amuse Big Julie, a Chicago Mob Boss. He bet on Sky-Masterson, presented by Marlon Brando, that he can not get a rescue army to go to Havana with him; Masterson wins the bet, saves the mission, falls in love with the girl, takes the players and gets up to the carp to attend a service and tells everyone that the lady could not bear her charm - a complete lie. Of course he ends up with the lady; and Detroit marries long-lasting fiancé, Vivian Blaine. Others in the cast included Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. Pulley like Big Julie Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Kathryn Givney as Rescue Army leader, Veda Ann Borg, and Jean Simmons as a rescue army girl, Sarah Brown. The numerous musical numbers in this Broadway award include "Run for Tinhorns," "Boys and Dolls," "Luck Be a Lady," "I Know," "A Person Could Develop a Cold," and "The Oldest Game Permnanet Floating Crap in New York! ". Joseph L. Mankiewicz of "Cleopatra" and "The Letter to Three Wives" Faimus directed the action; and the flow of work is very interesting and successful. He is equally adept at making a wonderful dialogue that acts and directs huge numbers such as "Luck Be Lady", the varied and provocative section Havana "A Woman in Love" created for the movie that precedes her, the title presentation of the song "Guys and Dolls "and" Pet Me, Poppa, "in Blaine's club. The act is very uneven. Simmons seems to be wrong at times, Brando is coming to sing and is very good in time, by instinct, charm and subtlety, even in comedy. scenes. Sinatra is trying hard, but it's wrong for the role for many reasons, like Nathan Detroit; Blaine is a bit too theatrical in selling her numbers, of course, playing it professionally. Leonard, Toomey, Kaye, Keith and Pulley are doing what is required even more in all points. Stylized opening and closing are made to work well; Overall, this film is a triumph for Loesser's amiable and subtle lyrics, for director Mankiewicz as ringmaster and for the genre of music itself, so justifiable in this case. Not at all and very different.
