This musical was not exactly what I expected, especially since there were not many scenes between Brando and Sinatra. As it was based on a story by Damon Runyon, I was expecting irony and surprise, which was a good one - when I discovered that Sinatra's band used the Salvation Army's office for their play while Brando was in Havana with Simmons. If, of course, it comes at the right time when Brando brings it back. I really did not expect much from Brando as the singer, but it surprised me. It was not great, but she was very good at acting. His large sewerage number, with all the other guys of Sinatra, was the only place I felt that Brando's voice was weak. It simply did not have the power that the great climate demanded. Overall, I found scenes between Brando and Simmons to be filled with electricity, which I did not think it would happen when we first see Simmons and later when we show Brando in the Sinatra restaurant trying to pull a fast one he. Just until Brando goes to her office, the story came to life. <br /> <br /> Frank Sinatra, on the other hand, was flat, even his voice performances. And Vivian Blaine, which I never heard about, but who think she played Broadway, seemed to slow down the process. The scenes between her and Sinatra were obvious. Also, her songs felt the weakest for me, both in terms of advancing storytelling and character. Besides, all the Goldwyn Girls numbers looked like rope shoes, just for glitz. For example, when Frank meets Brando in the nightclub, I just cut into the scenic routine for the number of cats - then narrow down to those who continue as if there had been no dance number. Whenever Brando and Simmons were on screen, I was having a great time, but every time we return to the Sinatra-Blaine story, my level of interest has fallen. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, there were some good ones, especially the first number with Stubby Kaye, the Fugue for Tinhorns (Can Do!). It's a wonderful song and reminded me of the first piece in The Music Man - Cash for the Merchandise ... whatever is called. And the number in the sewer - I could not remember "Cool" in the West Side Story - which brings me to a point. I really did not like the direction of art in this movie. The false square of Times Square was so fake that it drew attention to itself. The same for the Havana sequence and, in particular, for sewerage. I realize that in 1955 most of the musicals were shot on sets, but things were changing - Carousel used, for example, a location photograph. Even in the city they shot scenes in Mahattan in 1949. By the time we got to West Side Story in 1961, it was because things in Manhattan had to be shot in Manhattan. So, by comparison, the boys and dolls who were linked to Manhattan were dated more than too little nice. And Lindy's change to Mindy's - did it really for legal reasons? Now, I always thought Guys and Dolls was a musical about Sinatra and Brando and about their adventures with different faces. She was more focused than that, which is trustworthy. In this sense, it is much better than Les Girls, which was interesting in itself, but it had a certain superficiality. <br /> <br /> A major complaint about boys and dolls and I do not know if this is endemic to the original show but when Jean Simmons realizes that Brando never took the money for a bet he made with Sinatra and even said he lost the bet, she ran to find him and cut off at the wedding. It seems to me that a scene between Brando and Simmons would add to the impact of the story. To see Brando, when he came to him, it would have been a wonderful scene. There is such a scene in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD), when Harold and Marion have that duet while waiting for him to change. She's up in her house, she's on the sidewalk. He plays 76 trombone. She's singing Goodnight My Cine. They suddenly change and sing the songs of the other - a beautiful way to convey their cross between them. It's an emotional moment of the movie. But boys and dolls had much to do.
