I am intrigued by the strong sense of favor (or sympathy for!) Sinatra in the other reviews here. I read elsewhere that Sinatra does not seem to have forgiven anyone because it was not distributed as Sky Masterson. OK, so who would not want to be distributed as Sky Masterson? ?? there is a big deal: the successful charismatic player who makes a serious mistake when he lets himself get stuck in a bet where he has to take the Salvation Army Sergeant, Sarah Brown, to a meeting with Cuba or lose. Is not the money? it's pride, but he and she meet their game. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit has to juggle his long Adelaide fiancé, trying to find a place for a craps game that will make him rich if he does not alienate his fiancée forever. The film began life as a series of short stories by Damon Runyon: this is his unique dialogue you hear, and these are his big name characters, and this is his horse club / night clubs / late gambling world . Then it became a musical and you can not help feeling that the movie never left the scene. The camera is unusually static and remarkable sets? and not pleasant? flat and child. Fortunately, the music is so great, I do not care so much. My favorite thing about this film, however, is the singing and the actor of the two non-singers, Brando (like Sky) and Jean Simmons (as Sargeant Sarah Brown). Of course, putting pro-singers into these roles would have produced better music; but what is certainly forgotten is that two such excellent actors have brought something else to the party: what they lacked in vocal talent did more than taste, the ability to act and pathos, pathos, pathos. You are with Sky, as Sarah claims against reason, resistance, pipe, and safety. You like to relax from Sarah under the influence of Cuban "milk". You feel completely sudden and passionate about their scene in the yard with the bells ringing and an hour to go before the plane takes them home. As Sky rightly says, it's "chemistry." For singers ?? be it Broadway belters or good crooners? can not necessarily be invoked to do so. (And they certainly did not.) I read somewhere that Brando criticized Sinatra for not putting everything in the role of Nathan Detroit. Sinatra, in turn, was angry at Brando's method of action four times. As a fan of Brando (look!), I'm bound to go on the other side, but I do not imagine that this movie would have been the classic one much adored today if Brando and Simmons were not in with their wonderful chemistry; Brando's unpredictability; Simmons face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and ashamed in a Cuban bar. Beautiful. I'll always want a copy of this movie around, if I have to feel good again. You'll forgive me if I give some Nathan speaking songs (sleep) with a 100% brush, are not you? Will not you do it? Oh, be quiet and you have more Mindy cheesecake!
