{Possible spoilers come ... you were warned.} This is absolutely one of my favorite music of all time and musical film! (The other is Damn Yankees with Gwen Verdon, Tab Hunter and Ray Walston) As we all know, the shine (not to mention the songs) of a show is lost in the transition from scene to screen. This is, for the most part, DEFINITELY is not the case here. The sets are divine, brilliant and colorful, the characters are bigger than life and you can help but love them, and Michael Kidd choreography is absolutely amazing. (So ​​happy to find out that they used the original Broadway choreography) All the actors "bounce the ball" (that is, they have unbeatable chemistry) to perfection in this film. Frank and Marlon are absolutely credible as the owner of the oldest set of permanent flyer games in New York and the most notorious player betting on even the finest things - such as his fever up to 104 if he does not take penicillin. Sweet, freshly confronted by Jean Simmons, is perfect for Sarah's role (although it's true, her singing channels are not as remarkable as Isabel Bigley or Josie de Guzman) - the gold medal mission doll and healing unity everything. And last but not least, Miss Vivian Blaine, recalling her role as Broadway as Miss Adelaide - the singer and dancer of Hot Box, who would eventually want to end her 14-year commitment to Nathan with marriage and escape herself by the psychosomatic cold she gave her. First of all, kudos to Stubby Kaye and BS Pulley while they resume their Broadway roles as handsome-handsome Johnson and Benny Southstreet. There were never two more liked players than these guys. Brando is gorgeous, as usual, and although he does not get the voice of Robert Alda or Peter Gallagher, you forget - as he has this sense of determination to do his best for his role as Sky Masterson. "Luck Be A Lady" gives me chills every time I see it executing the number. It is especially nice to hear him say, "Daddy ... I have cider to my ear" Simmons is charming and pleasing in a role very appropriate to the look, the voice and the way they behave. You were pleased not only to win Sky (or, ultimately, to believe it), but to help people overcome their gambling, drink other sins, and live a life with God. Her prize "If I had been a rumor" is splendid, to say the least! Sinatra is the man. He's so perfect for Nathan Detroit's role - and here he plays some parts that Sam Levene of the Broadway cast could never have (terrible actor, but his head was a deaf tone ... figure). I really liked the addition of "Adelaide" ... I want a guy to sing like this to me. Frankie's statement, cold and delicate, crosses the boundaries of this film. But most importantly, you want to marry Adelaide. And talking about Adelaide, Vivian Blaine is just a perfect perfection in this role. From the accent he sings on "Adelaide," it's just great. And she is also my favorite part of the whole movie. It really makes you feel for Adelaide ... especially when she just calls before and then again during "Sue Me". I have not decided yet whether I like "Pet Me Poppa" better than "Bushel and a Peck" ... maybe they like it equally. Anyway, she does fantastic with those as well as "Get Your Mink Back." (I'm sad to give up "hollanderize" in the movie ...) It's absolutely MARVELUS, not to mention hilarious and my favorite part of the whole movie. One of the best things about this movie is their ingot. It's a mixture of class and street slang. Never use "Is," "Me," or "That's it." It's always "It," "Me," and "That's it." Generally, Guys & Dolls is one of my favorite movies and music all the time, and it's one that you should take time to watch every time it comes. My only complaint? Do not "Marry with the man of today". Now is a good song.
