Damon Runyon's world in Times Square, New York, before Disneyfication, is the basis for this musical. Joseph L. Mankiewicz, a man who knew about movies, directed this nostalgic tribute to the "intersection of the world," which shows us that the lower part of New York's past. Frank Loesser's music sounds great. We are watching a magnificent cast of characters characteristic of the area. People at the edge of society tended to gravitate to this area because of the lights, the action, and the opportunities in that part of the city. This underground of the city lived out of street life that was so intense. Some songs from the original production were not included in the film. We do not know if that makes sense, but this is not unusual for a Hollywood musical to change and modify what worked on the stage. This original cast included the wonderful Vivian Blaine and Stubby Kaye and we ask ourselves not to let Robert Alda, Sam Levene, Isabel Bigley repeat his original roles. These were distinguished actors who could have made an amazing contribution. The movie, visual, is amazing. The aspect closely follows the fashion of the times. As for the distribution of Marlon Brando, otherwise not known for his singing skills, Frank Sinatra and Jean Simmons, seem to work in the film. Sky Masterson is, after all, a man who would otherwise look sissy if he had a different "look". Frank Sinatra is good as Nathan Detroit. Jean Simmons, in the role of Sarah Brown, does a beautiful job portraying the woman in the Salvation Army who suddenly encounters the fulfillment of the same type of man she is trying to save. Vivian Blaine is a delight. Never ceases to amaze, like Miss Adelaide, a woman with a golden heart that is the interest of Nathan Detroit's love. Mrs. Blaine makes a fantastic impression as a show girl who is wiser than she. Stubby Kaye does a great job of resuming his beautiful Johnson handsome. The wonderful production owes much to the talent of Abe Burrows, who adapted to the screen. The costumes by Irene Sharaff have set the right tone.
