I remember watching the Disney version and seeing me now makes me think she's lost some of her magic. A lot of other prizes, after being left aside by the Cinderella, actually lost their reach over the years. Then I found this production with an impeccable interpretation of Kathleen Turner as the stepmother of the river and was hunted by the fantasmagoric essence of this fantastic story that pushed me under her spell from childhood. the story of Cinderella, a young girl who died and was dominated by her half-step stepmother and her stepfather and the desire to go to the ball for a last chance of freedom. But this line of plot has a different tilt in the classic Fairy Tale in that Cinderella (who has the real name Zizola and is called only Cinderella by her family because of her slavery) is caught in a situation of her father still lives) slowly losing a dominant wife who manipulates him in playing favorites with his wife and daughters against him and trying to poison him. Thus, Zizola goes out to save her father by stopping her stepmother to find another suitor for the ball, distracting those who have come to her. There, Prince Valiant bored has a heart change from his boring life and falls in love with the mysterious lady in the strange dress (fake of a nymph named Mab) with rose petals for slippers. <br /> <br /> What attracted me to this movie was the most important thing I had about the old story of stories that no one can compare. He does not have a lie like most Cinderella stories, he does not ignore any reason why the Cinderella would like to participate in the ball, nor does it show a superficial side for the Prince in the Disney version. Instead, it shows more of the altruistic heart of Cinderella more than any other production, and the artwork is simply amazing! The costumes are all beautiful, especially Zizola's sapphire noise, which fits Marcella Plunkett's fantastic beauty and soft, spirit-like voice. <br /> <br /> I would greatly suggest this movie to anyone who is interested in a dream sequence of the classic Fairy Tale, with an intuitive intuition. My only problem is that the producers and the director did not make a complete collection of other fairy tales with the same element and the fact that the film is not bigger.
