It's hard to tell sometimes why exactly a movie is so effective. From the moment I first met The Stone Boy, something told me it would be a great movie. However, it seemed very unlikely that I had the opportunity to see it for myself. Then one day, as I watched through the online catalog of my local library, I saw that they recently bought the DVD's release of this movie. What I am extremely happy about, because the cinema is of amazing depth and quality that an old VHS copy could not replicate. <br /> <br /> And speaking of cinematography, you have to individualize it to the most amazing aspect of this movie. As a photographer who closely follows the visual style exactly portrayed in "Stone Boy", I am a firm believer in the fact that a great filmmaker can carry a film almost alone. Here, he has a lot of help from an extremely talented cast and a director who understands perfectly what the story needs. But to have Juan Ruiz Anchía behind the room makes virtually any beauty scene. And you almost can not say that. Most movies would never expect that from you. Stage scene captures some details, a little visual magic that takes your breath away. The director, Christopher Cain, has had a long and exciting career. As far as I can assemble, this film is not very representative of him. But sometimes, to catch a director near the beginnings of his career, before all the big budgets and loss of concentration, there is a real subtle magic to be found. Cain returns to this film, lets things happen with his own life and then on. Just like John Sayles' early films, the characters get space to breathe, time to talk. Secondary stories happen because they do, and so is life. Cain displays a remarkable, raw and even painful appearance of human nature in this film. The ties that act largely from this story together. When people talk, when they exist in this movie, they make it real people who are not restrained by the fact that they play characters. script Gina Berriault allows extremely talented and respected actors such as Wilford Brimley, Robert Duvall, Glenn Close, Frederic Forrest to spend their just-existing time. Whether the things they have to say are minor or of profound significance, everything is reduced by the pure reality. <br /> <br /> When you look at the actors involved, or the great soundtrack by James Horner, it seems strange that such a movie will almost be forgotten. Perhaps much of what makes "Stone Boy" was what the time is done in. It's this hangover sensation in 1970, which profoundly reminds me of my own childhood. People talk about the 80s in terms of modern styles and music, but that's not the 80s that we lived or remembered. The look of the images, the subtle and subtle quality of the act, and the general result should come under the skin of any person who grew up in or near this time of time in North America. I'm seeing this. I see how we've seen the world. . And a movie like "Stone Boy" sees the world for how it really is <br /> <br /> For more of this sentiment, please see: <br /> <br /> The Black Stallion (1979) 1983), Mercury (1983), Testament (1983), Places in the Heart (1984), Matewan (1987), High Tide (1987), Roan Inish's Secret, Wendy and Lucy
