Frankly, I find this film almost depressing for my good. It is very depressing to the end. There is no way I can justify judging any character who did things I did not like (well, except for the disgusting character of Fredrick Forrest). But it is still so frustrating to see people behaving like this, putting walls around them when only one word could break the ice and promote healing. A horrible tragedy hits a Montana family. They think they lost a son, but they seem to have lost 2. The key is that if they just communicate and face their pain together, they will not end up losing their second permanent son. <br /> <br /> But they can not. Something blocks this family from sharing their pain. Some families withdraw in silence and resentment, while others show their fingers (and then start to deceive their poor pregnant wife, seducing the cute girlfriend ... that Andy's character is really a snake!) The only member of the family who does not threaten Arnold in a way is his grandfather (Wilford Brimley). Grandpa seems to be able to talk to the boy without judgments or even children's gloves. Apparently he knows what the child thinks, even if Arnold does not say much these days. It is truly a blessing for the poor child to have someone to return to. No one else seems to understand that Arnold might be in a state of shock, denial, or that the way of experiencing sadness may not be the same style or the same speed as they expected. It's so easy to judge and to be upset and to feel that someone is "made of stone" just because they do not feel sorry in the way we think we should. The story is very quiet and natural. You will not get some spoon-filled or good-resolution narratives at Hollywood. I was very preoccupied with the fact that this child was so burdened that she felt it necessary to self-propel several hundred miles to apologize to Andy's pigeon wife for something that should not blame him. Arnold accidentally killed his brother, but no one is responsible for the end of that marriage, which, however, seems to be rude, except for the two persons in marriage. Only Arnold's luck did not go into the car with a pedophile or a murderer. Robert Duvall and Glenn Close are frustratingly efficient because parents who do not find themselves to communicate with their son to find out what's going through Arnold. Jason Presson, whom I have not seen anywhere, except for a childhood favorite named EXPLORERI and a fantastic fantastic story called THE LADY IN WHITE, did an incredible job like Arnold, a great performance from a child actor. /> Apart from being somewhat slow at times, THE STONE BOY is an excellent and very depressing film.
