Stone Boy is a nearly forgotten drama since the 1980s. Given how many famous or about to be celebrated in the film, she wonders how it would have been so overlooked. This is a slow, weird, but moving story of a tragedy that meets a family of farms. The film is more or less an indictment of Stoic values ​​in the Midwestern and the suppression of emotions. The film will not be for all tastes, but anyone who can appreciate real human drama would like to be fine. In the early moments of the movie, we see two brothers in the head early in the morning to pick some peas and draw a duck or two if they are lucky. While climbing through a barbed wire fence, the gun accidentally discharges, and the younger boy shoots his older brother. These guys have never taken a hunter safety course. The way for two men to go through such a fence with one tree would be as follows: The first man ascends. The second man passes his pistol through the fence. The first man puts the gun down and helps the other through the fence. Never have to be hands on both guns and the fence. However, once his brother is killed, Arnold, aged 12, regresses in his own world. He does not even run for help after his brother is shot. He simply goes and sorts peas and tells his family about the accident later. At no time during the funeral or investigation, Arnold seems to show regret or pain. His family seems to avoid it. Perhaps they are even angry with him for killing his brother. An uncle of ornament played by Frederick Forrest is upset with Arnold, even if the big brother's death allows him to hit the child's girlfriend. Arnold's parents do not seem to understand how to deal with their son. He does not even try to talk to him. The only person he can communicate with is his grandfather who plays in Wilford Brimley's grandfather's ordinary skill. After a while, Arnold moved even with the old timer. Nothing seems to make Arnold open until he makes a bizarre trip to Reno Nevada to search inexplicably for his uncle's ex-wife. Once she meets her, she starts to come out of her shell after apologizing to her for breaking her marriage, triggering all the harm of the family with the accident. From here, the film becomes a quick study of reconciliation and rebirth. In most cases, the drive is removed. Robert Duvall and Glenn Close are the perfect parents of the Stoic farm. Forrest is good, but he can try too much to channel Paul Newman's performance in Hud. And cinema is exceptional. If you like pictures about ordinary people, this can be for you. Some may even be advised to bring some tissues. 8 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> Hound.
