Michelle Rodriguez is a well-built high school school that finds a strong kick and begins an amateur workout at a Brooklyn gym. Santiago Douglas is a beautiful young man, barely older than she, who also teaches there. They meet after class, so to speak, and they feel attracted to each other. No sex. Santiago was instructed to rescue him for the next fight. Both participants in a "gender-blind" athletic program that makes no distinction between men and women, a mistaken attempt to balance the athletic field. A conservative radio commentator recently announced - and I swear they do not do that - "Let's face it, the president is black." I'm here to make an equally persistent observation - "Men and women are different." Now, in 99 cases out of 100, it does not have to make any difference in physical performance. But in the top one percent - qualified athletes whose skills have been elevated to a good advantage - men generally have the advantage. With their narrow hips they can run faster. And they have a bigger muscle mass and a higher torsional strength. These differences in body building make it possible for women to give birth and raise children and men to catch and kill food for them. This sexual bifurcation is the result of the perfect natural selection process. Without her, they might not be human. And that, boys and girls, is why they have men's events and women's events at the Olympic Games. I'm talking to you as an anthropologist. This will be ten cents, being preferred by PayPal. That's why we called this blind rooted program wrong. As a talented boxer like Rodrigues is, as she approaches the zenith of the game, she will eventually lose a man. This is where the complication occurs in this movie. Rodrigues eventually fits with her boyfriend, Douglas. He does not want to lose his anger on the other hand, let alone cross-country rights, but the pride of both is at stake, and pride is both personal and sex-related. Douglas refuses to fight a woman in the ring. And Rodriguez is offended by what she sees as her patronizing attitude. It ends happily. I did not expect much of the movie. I thought it would be a shot of Clint Eastwood's "Million Dollar Baby" until I discovered that this was released years ago. And I have never heard of the director or any of the performers. This kind of obscurity generally generates bad-tempered TV-tricks and so on. But I was surprised at how beautiful this is. The total lack of baths has left me open. And the minimal use of boxing clichés - clogged ropes, blood, bloody eye cuts, wounded faces after battle, greasy and sweaty caregiver crying "Kill it!", Slow landing of the nose gloves, spraying sweating from the pinned head , the heroic music that signals the long-awaited apotheosis of the victor. None of this here - well, almost none. The whole plot could be considered formic. A tough child finds the ring socket, etc. The feeling that you have left is that perhaps this is about what those amateur contests are. Different from what we see on television and in regular movies. No bell rings, for example. Instead, a dancer and observer shouting "Stop!" And "Cutie!" Competitors wear headwear. The gym is not populated by a crowd of applauding audiences, but only by a handful of people who have a great interest in running. It's a clean film, despite the rather grim situation and the unhappy family dynamics. Michelle Rodriguez may look pretty bad, what her muscular vessels and her eyes shine under her lowered forehead, but once you get used to the idea that she is a girl who can beat your pulp whenever she wants and once she hears the female contours of her her supersegmentals, it's not bad. (A scene where her father is beating her over the floor.) It was a little difficult to understand when Douglas narrowed down when Rodriguez was crashing all over the bed. The director, Karyn Kusama, has chosen his talent carefully. Show what you can do with talent, imagination and a little money. There should be more movies like this. Take one of those billions of bucks full of dinosaurs or spacecraft and scatter generosity around.
