Casting Unknown Michelle Rodriguez as Diana was a stroke of genius. She is perfect. Her inexperience to really act in her favor. I've never seen her before, so she really feels her story. It also brings true hardness. It works against it, however, because we never doubt it. You never have to cheer on her to win because she never goes against any fighter we do not think she can beat. So, like a boxing movie, it does not succeed. Then again, it's not really a boxing movie. How do you make a movie about a girl who wants to be a boxer who is not a boxing movie? You do not. But Karyn Kusama does anyway. Like many indie films, "Girlfight" defies classification or genre and is on its own as folklore that could happen almost in real life. Diana is doing badly in school. She beats people she does not like (all the other girls in her school, for example). Do not fall in. The father forces her little brother, Tiny, to learn the box, so she can defend herself when things get tough. He gives the Small Money for boxing sessions and does not give Diana anything, as if she does not need to defend herself, nor does she deserve to do anything in her life. Tiny wants to go to art school (cliche, yuck), so he drops his boxing allowance to Diana, who actually wants to box. Things get complicated when Diana falls for another boxer, Adrian (Santiago Douglas), who wants to become a pro. From there the story revolves inevitably ... the two meet in the amateur title fight. What left me cold was that I never found this interesting. Everything is a little too credible. Kids with a difficult life that grows in urban environments are returning to sports. A lot of professional boxers have grown out of these circumstances. The mental and physical resilience that this education demands is best suited to a game like boxing where anger is your friend. So this is a girl this time. A big deal. Or there is another position you can take: finally, a boxing movie about a girl. The boxing women have been around for a long time. The brutality that we usually see in boxing movies is being replaced here by talking about people's lives and feelings. The whole thing of battle is used as a platform from which to paint a larger image. Respect. Overcoming adversity. Self-discovery. We recommend "Girlfight" because it has a good spirit and is an example of a great work by a first director. Dialogue never rises above the soap quality, but the story itself changed my mind about things. Yes, the world now seems better. A movie did that. <br /> <br /> Grade: B-
