The first step to get out of that way leading nowhere is to recognize that you are the first; then it becomes a matter of asserting yourself and taking positive steps to overcome the negative influences of your life that could have put you on the path to start. Which is exactly what a Latino young woman does in "Girlfight," written and directed by Karyn Kusama. Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) is an eighteen-year-old school from the Brooklyn projects, which are facing the expulsion after the fourth battle in the early-stage halls. It affects an "indifferent" attitude that hides a profound anger that threatens to take her to places she would not want to follow. She lives with her father, Sandro (Paul Calderon), with whom she has a very tentative relationship and her younger brother, Tiny (Ray Santiago). With the passing of her life on the verge of dissolution, she desperately needs an outlet to channel the demons she likes. One day she finds her, without seeking him, when she stops at the gym where the Tiny trains go. Ironically, Tiny does not want anything to do with boxing; wants to go to art school, but Sandro is determined that his son should be able to take care of himself on the streets and pays the ten dollars a week costs his lessons. When Diana agrees with Tiny's coach, Hector (Jaime Tirelli), to take her and approach her father for money, on the pretext that she calls her a weekly allowance (she does not want to know why she wants the money), Sandro returns her and tells her to come out and earn her money. Eventually, with Tiny's help, she finds a way, and the ring becomes her second home. It is an environment in which it adapts easily, and it seems that her life is about to make a turn for the better. And the fact that it will have to fight against men, not women, in "blind" gender competitions does not make it stronger. Diana found her element. First of all, writer / director Karyn Kusama has done a great job of creating a realistic framework for her story, presenting an honest portrait of life in projects and communicating that desperation so familiar to so many young people who find themselves in situations of crisis and that road leading nowhere. And there is no cover with candy; as Hector tells Diana when he asks how he got where he is, "I was a fighter once. I lost." Then, looking around the busy gym, 'As most of these guys, they will also lose, but it's all I know ...' And that honest attitude and the way the characters are portrayed make this make the film as good as possible. It is a gloomy world, highlighted by the poorly lit gym, you can smell the sweat of the boxers ... and the feeling of desolation hanging over it as a rising, clogging those people who grab and hang the only thing they have what I know. By the onset of the screen, Michelle Rodriguez is perfectly expressed as Diana, infusing her with an intensity and depth that radiates far enough from her in the waves. It is so real that it makes you wonder how much Rodriguez is; exactly where the actor leaves and the character begins? Whatever it is, it works. It is a powerful, memorable show by an actor from whom we will expect another effort with great anticipation. It certainly makes Diana a positive model, one in which many, hopefully, will find inspiration and the realization that there are alternative paths available in life, at least those who will look for them. <br /> <br /> This film ends with an ambiguous note; although Diana obviously has her feet on the ground, there is no indication of where she is heading. Is it a short-term repair for her or is she destined to become Hector's female counterpart? After all, realistic (and in the light of the fact that realism is one of the strengths of this film), professional boxing is not exactly a profession that borrows or opens women's arms. And according to the subject of the film and the director's approach, an affirmation of Diana's assertiveness would have been appropriate. Supporting casts include Santiago Douglas (Adrian), Elisa Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). Although it offers a very real picture of life, to which many will be able to identify, there are certain aspects of "Girlfight", which lie a little credible about some of what is happening in the ring. Besides, it is a positive film, which for the most part is a satisfying experience. I appreciate this 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
