"The Rookie" from Walt Disney is based on the story of Jim Morris, the former minor league picher, who made one of the most amazing returns in sports history, ending with a retirement of nearly 10 years and making the Major League debut in 1999 , 35. The film opens with a brief synthesis of Morris's childhood, which includes a series of relocations - his father was a military man. And even when his family settled for good in mad Texas football, Morris's passion for baseball remained strong. The childhood segment then jumps 23 years ago for adult Morris (played by Dennis Quaid), who is now a baseball coach and chemistry professor at Big Lake High School (in real life was Reagan County High School in Big Lake, Texas) . It is noted that he tried a career as a baseball player, but that did not work. Morris' team struggles and teaches them about giving up their dreams. I'm returning his table, telling him that he should try for a Major League team. Many times, when they put them into practice, they express their astonishment at the speed they throw. Morris does not seem to be convinced, but agrees with a deal with his players who, if he wins the district, will try a Major League team. Big Lake wins the district and, adhering to the end of the deal, Morris participates in a Tampa Bay Devil Rays. Fenomenally, he throws 98 kilometers per hour - faster than he did during his minor career and an exceptional speed even for a Major League pitcher. After another attempt with the team, Morris is offered a contract with Devils Rays. This leaves him with a difficult decision - sit in his comfortable life or again to pursue his dream of the Major League passing through the Minor League hurries to make some money and spend months at a time away from home. And the decision is even more agonizing than during its first minor stage because it now has a wife and three children. Morris signs with Devil's Rays, starts at AA level and moves quickly to AAA level, at a lower level than the Major League Baseball. But as the season worsens, the chances that he will call him grow thinner and thinner. For the most part, I like this movie. There are plenty of extraordinary performances and charismatic characters and it's easy to really find yourself pulling for Morris. The film also makes a great job of portraying professional baseball at both major and minor levels. And, above all, she teaches the endless message of keeping your dreams tight, even when they seem remote and almost impossible to achieve. Still, the film has some flaws. While it is generally precise, it exaggerates and even does some things. See http://espn.go.com/page2/s/closer/020410.html for some examples. Also, except for a scene in which he prays with his players, the film totally ignores Morris' Christian faith. But considering the zeal in Disney's left wing, that's not surprising. Perhaps many exaggerations / fabrications have been made to make the story more dramatic. However, the 20-minute documentary about Morris, which is included on DVD, contains some information that makes the story more dramatic, but it is out of the picture. For example, from birth to the establishment of his family in Texas forever when he was 12, Morris was re-located 14 times. And his initial career in the league ended after four surgeries that he lost half of the muscle in his left shoulder (pitching), making him throw at 98 mph and more inexplicable. To fully appreciate and understand the story of Jim Morris, it's good not to just look at "The Rookie," but to watch the DVD documentary, check the link above for the film's uncertainties and probably read the biography to Morris, titled "The Rookie." I did not read the book, but I hope to do one of those days. In general, "The Rookie" is a very good portrait of a miraculous tale and is a powerful testament to the power of dreams and triumph of the common man. 8/10
