Sometimes Lady Luck smiles at me. We originally created - and copied - a VHS tape of this wonderful TV show. I was crushed when I realized what I had done since I could not get a copy of it elsewhere. Recently, I signed up for a digital cable and, while looking for future movies, the surprise was a scheduled show. This time I made a copy of it on DVD, so there is no chance of repeating my mistake. I finally look at her again after eight years, and it was as exciting and tense as when I first saw it. There is a bit of a prelude to this story because my first contact with "Pandora's Clock" came with a live reading of the public radio book. I just met with the broadcast station on my way home for lunch, and I was confused at first. Every day I anticipated the next chapter to be read. When I learned a few months later that the book was going to be on TV as a movie, a program for this event. First of all, I would like to say that the movie was very true for the book, contrary to what another commentator said. This, in itself, is a rare achievement for TV movies. Secondly, I agree with others about casting. I did not imagine a better choice for Captain Holland than Richard Dean Anderson. Literally, the film could have collapsed and burned without proper distribution for this essential role. Anderson has never been better and it is a shame that we have not seen him any more. Actually, all the casting members did a great job. My only complaint with the movie - and the book - was the interference of the "terrorist plot" to arrest a private air-to-air jet business and have a pilot track and pull down the hit airplane. Basically, we talk about less than 36 hours to orchestrate and execute a plan like this, and good people, which is not at all realistic given to all the players involved. Also, it was not realistic how little the aircraft were affected by having the first, then two of their engines were thrown into the air. <br /> <br /> That beef, I enjoyed the suspense of the building, and I found it very credible how the reactions of foreign governments were portrayed in the film as well as ours. <br /> <br /> If you have the chance to see this movie, do it by all means.
