Imagine the scene: an extraterrestrial landscape. The light satellites illuminate the red sky in the blood. The Tardis comes out and stands up to Doctor, a middle-aged man in a Victorian fur and Rose, his companion on Earth. A flicker of recognition crosses her face. "Well, I have never been, planet Saios-7. Where I fought Kraggartini warriors, they tried to use the Skinkons giants to take over the planet." The little girl smells the air. "We can not go, Doctor, I do not like the look of this place, I still think we're being watched." The doctor gives a disapproving finger. "Do not be stupid, girl, I wonder if the King and Queen of Cordaraby I remember my last visit, come, Rose, come!" She moves away, the girl struggles to keep up. High on a hill, sinister red eyes look at them with hatred ... It was not like Rose started in 2005 and I thank heaven for that. the original version of the UK, "Rose" can now be considered safe as a landmark episode, putting "Dr.Who" back to where it belonged, being one of the BBC's flagship programs. The mistakes made by McGann T.V. have been well-learned. Instead of trying to get the new "Who" into the existing chronology, it was a fresh beginning for the show, starting with Rose Tyler's store (Billie Piper), who is in charge of her daily routine. One day, she goes to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then begins the trouble. The dummies come to life and attack it. Only through the intervention of a mysterious stranger (Christopher Eccleston) is she saved. <br /> <br /> The story, although it may be small, is more than adequate as a starting point for the series. Autonomous are, of course, an old villain (this was their first appearance since 1971), but they do not refer to their earlier appearances - another wise move. The end really recreated the famous scene in "Spearhead From Space" when the shop mannequins came to life. As a doctor, Christopher Eccleston did not have the eccentricity of his predecessors, preferring a modern leather jacket for the doctor's traditional clothes, but this made him more accessible to the public hoping for the new show. Billie Piper has mistaken critics for making a big impression like Rose. Also good was Noel Clarke as her friend "Mickey". Yes, there was an extra emphasis on special effects, but then it had to be - wobbly sets and unconvincing monsters of the past did not take place on 21st century television. What's more important is how good a script is. Ten million people came to see the new doctor. <br /> <br /> Dr.Who was back - and back with a bang!
