They did it. And, guys, they did it fantastic or what! The BBC brought the doctor back to our screens on a Saturday night where he belonged! And they did it with style! <br /> <br /> EPISODE ONE: "Rose" - One of the strengths of the new series is Russel T Davies as a writer and executive producer. He is a fan of the show and knows what other people's fans want, but he is also a writer with experience in his own right, so he knows what other people want. Another force, as perfectly shown here in this first episode, is Billie Piper and her character Rose Tyler. Finally, the doctor's companion has a credible story and a strong character. It is also nice to see the return of the autonomy - a beautiful knot to the classic series there. Episode Two: "End of the World" - At the beginning of this double bill to show TARDIS "strengths, we come to a story where the special effects are everything! They now have the technology to create real and credible environments and monsters - there are also rubber outfits! Also the suggestions at the end of this episode about the past of the new doctor - very interesting to kill all the lords of time and make him the only one ... EPISODE THREE: "Uncle Dead" The first episode written outside Davies is a bit flat in some places, but this is done by Charles Dickens of Simon Callow and the sudden twist of the plot when it reveals that the Painful Gel is not so Painful after all ... EPISODA FOUR: "Foreigners in London" - The consequences of doctor actions are fully explored in this series, not least with Rose's repercussions and we have the first cliffhanger; not the best of them. Slitheen are an interesting villain, although they can look too CGI for their good. EPISODE FIVE: "World War II" - The second part of this story about Slitheen suffers mainly from the same problems in the first. Also, videos from the next episode that appears at the end of the current episode are annoying and ruin it for people. EPISODE SIX: "Dalek" - Yes! We had the future, the past and the present (ish), but now we come to the good things - the doctor's architect's return. Here I think we can complete Christopher Ecclestone - he was brilliant as a doctor, and is no longer in this episode, where we see the pain on his face when he remembers the Time War and the alien nature of it when it almost turns into a Dalek himself. SEVEN EPISODE: "Long Play" - really just a story that acts as a prologue for the final of the series. Saved by Simon Pegg as the publisher and Tamsin Grieg in a funny cameo. The media is controlling us - this has never been done before, it has ... Episode 8: "Father's Day" - this is a big episode. Complete with emotion and human suffering for Rose and the true consequences of what happens when you destroy history. Full Mark for Billie Piper here. EPISODE NINE: "The naked baby" - I do not find this baby very scary. I am sorry but I do not know. It's a good episode though, but the cliffhanger might have been better - those "Next Time" bits that ruined them. John Barrowman is portrayed here as Captain Jack, constant - he is a good actor who has been around for some time, but only apparently noticed now. EPISODE TEN: "Doctor Dances" - The second part of this WW2 Story - very well done in historical terms. A beautiful optimistic ending, though a little confusing, perhaps, for younger viewers when the "mummy" is revealed? <br /> <br /> EPISODE ELEVEN: "Boom Town" - probably the worst of the series, but that does not mean bad. A pleasant comeback for Slitheen and also an interesting study of Doctor and Rose. EPISODE TWELVE: "Bad Wolf" - this starts quite silly, with good humor and fun on popular television shows over it in Blighty. Things get serious, though, and the revelation at the end is the best cliffhanger in the series! <br /> <br /> EPISODE THRITEEN: "Dividing the paths" - Goodbye Christopher Ecclestone. A fantastic doctor in many ways, David Tennant has to really work his socks to be as good as him. The regeneration scene at the end of the year is beautifully played. Oh, and the Dalekii have returned - in the extreme! God bless CGI, because he would never have been able to shoot this normally! <br /> <br /> Overall - brilliant! 9/10
