As an essential part of British pop culture like Monty Python and James Bond, Doctor Who has been a massive 26-year success (1963-1989), making him one of the longest TV shows in the world (most of the series are lucky to have ten seasons). Plans to restart the series have always been on the BBC's agenda, and after a foolish (American filmless) film produced by Fox failed to capture the magic of the original version, another nine years (Comic Relief spoof and animation mini-series) were requested before Lord of the Supreme Time could return properly, thanks to the acclaimed writer Russell T. Davies. Davies's brilliance in reintroducing character lies in his decision to do so through the eyes of an outsider: Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), a London-based girl who leads a very normal life until she is attacked by one night living plastic creatures. She is rescued by an elusive stranger who only presents himself as Doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and then disappears after asking: "I'm glad to meet you, Rose, run for your life!" As she becomes more and more curious about this "man," she soon finds itself in a whole new world: aliens, invasions, time and space travel and, of course, TARDIS in the form of pervasive police. <br /> <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of the new doctor, which are almost perfect (the special effects could have used a little more polish) because Davies nails two things: the unique humor of the show and the two protagonists. The bold feature of the original series was his mix of spectacular SF comedy and pure British comedy, a hybrid that is hard, if not impossible, to export. Here, the laughter is related to the conversations between Rose and Doctor, which turn into completely rounded characters after a single episode. Well, so technically, Eccleston's Doctor is the ninth to use this name, but he is distancing himself from the eight incarnations, speaking with a Nordic accent (the one he uses daily) and justifying it with a terrible line: "A lot of planets have a north! ". The real triumph of this episode is, however, Piper's performance: in theory, Rose is in the late teens, which is why she is almost the same age as thousands of young spectators who have never heard of a doctor. The representation of an ordinary girl lost in a new and interesting universe is the reaction of the new generation to the return of a TV icon, and the chemistry that instantly forms between her and Eccleston is a sign that points to the new Doctor who is as good as the first, Fifth, Nine, is not at all important: there might have been others before Eccleston (and Piper for that), but together, William Hartnell, Peter Davison and the rest of the group are one character, one cool that he does not even need a name: he's the doctor.
