In 2004 I saw "True," Tom Tykwer's contribution to Paris Je T'aime. When I saw her, I loved her and I became delighted. It has become my favorite movie and made me appreciate the format so much. Of course I wanted to watch the whole movie and even check who was attached, etc. Yesterday I finally saw it, courtesy of the internet. all I have to say is AWESOME. The photo is BEAUTIFUL every short and shot, at the worst being nothing special - but still brilliant and clear. Later I read here trivia, and maybe the way in which 6K scanning provides more justice for all DP work. My special favorites are the first "Quais de Seine", Sin City-esquire (but better for me) "Quartier de la Madeleine" and "Arrondissement 14" - but you know what the hell like this: "True "or" Faubourg Saint-Denis "still makes me nervous with those bright colors (my eyes, it shakes!) and" Quartier Latin "is golden silver. Beautiful. <br /> <br /> Yes, these are some short films BEAUTIFUL. Now let's get to the content. I very much (and I mean a lot) that the eclecticism that is so successfully felt. You never had the same topics or treatments between two shorts and I think the formula is restrictive enough to allow all these artists to explore beautiful and deep things inside shorts. I liked to come from a simple love story in a mad-chinese-musical-in-Paris-with-Barbet-Schroeder in a social commentary in a humorous terrorist comedy. I like surprises! And this movie has them! It is wonderful that they have had the chance to let the director's flesh do things that are not common in the main cinema (which I have come to despise very much). It's not hard to experience, but I can breathe the breathing space that those people have had. I like little time and I like playing. I like simplicity and love love. I like simple sensations, beauty and eclecticism and, in general, it's a very beautiful movie to see, alone or with someone. To simply feel it. I let myself feel very good. There is something about the seriousness in her ... she is so sincere ... What I did not like? Well, for me there are two shorts that are not really the best - "Quais de Seine" (who is a good guy, sure and maybe necessary, but he feels too much like an advertisement?) And "Père-Lachaise "even if I like the actor, I felt the themes were forced. But that, of course, is just me. "Tour Eiffel" I also did not like it, but I think it's probably because of my sensitivity very different from Sylvain Chomet's? I do not know if this movie has a special interest in people who already know actors and directors, and so they can delight in their interaction, in surprises (Alexander Payne looks funny) and in essence, "what this will do director with that? "big question. I liked it very much in this way. I repeated now: Most shorts I loved and all together make a beautiful and energetic mixture. I definitely recommend it. Categorical!!! So, look at it if you like Eclectic Beautiful Love!
