With the sun shining bright on a quiet Sunday that is expected to wake up, love can be felt in the soft breeze that moves beyond my feet and can be seen in the smiles of the people I walk alongside. It's the perfect day to stop cruises and a cafe-o-lait before going to the city of lights and to love. Of course, a flight to Paris is not reasonable in this critical film budget, so I had to opt for the next best thing, Paris, JE T'AIME, a collection of 18 short films by a variety of international directors. Each piece is named after another Parisian neighborhood and is a reflection on love. With care not to glorify the strongest and most convincing of all human emotions, Paris, JE T'AIME explores love in many stages of his own game. The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent. And really, what better way to express the passing nature of love and how a moment can change your life than with a collection of filmed moments. The beautiful poetic quote above is taken from Faubourg Saint Denis from Tom Tykwer. True in shape, Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses time photography and repetition to show the whole love cycle, from the beginning to the dissolution. Initiated in 2004 and associated for this anthology, Faubourg interprets Natalie Portman as Francine, an American actress in Paris for her role in a film, and Melchior Beslon as Thomas, an orbit she falls in love with. Here, the blind man leads the blind through the most unstable land, where two people consume one another until their life almost loses their existence. As love seems to go from dizziness to dizziness, Tykwer reminds us of the tricks he can play in our minds and the illusions he can create when we are in doubt. Perhaps the most romantic giddily offer comes from the Sylvain Chomet Tour Eiffel. Choose the most identifiable attraction of the city for his title, Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) gives us a little boy who tells how his parents met and fell in love. His father, a mime (Paul Putner), is in a surreal scenario after another and eventually becomes prisoner. Here she meets the woman who will become the love of her life (Yolande Moreau). Miming has become something of dying art, if it's not already dead. Still, by nature, he is alive and unhappy. Does Miming show his silent finger to the ridiculousness of human behavior and what other than love can make people behave more absurdly? We may find someone special in the least probable circumstances if we could take a little less seriously. Paris, JE T'AIME keeps the lively streak by not always focusing on the love of lovers. Three unforgettable pants focus on love between parent and child. Walter Salles (Catalin Sandino Moreno) plays with love to her child before letting them sing the same song with a distant desire for the child she supervises to live her life. Nobuhiro Suwa, JULIE BINOCHE, desperately tries to overcome the nakedness she feels after losing her son. Binoche says very little yet, not surprisingly, given his immense talent, her struggle is obvious to her while she teaches that love sometimes means letting go. And Alfonso Cuaron sings with a constant father (Nick Nolte) and his grown daughter (Sara Martins) who goes together for what must be the first time for a long time. We see them only on the street and approach them because the distance between the two characters narrows to a place of comfort and acceptance. The last short on screen is Alexander Payne's 14th Arrondissement. As usual, Payne (SIDEWAYS) takes an ordinary person and shows us what makes them extraordinary. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She is there alone and for less time than she would have liked, because she has dogs waiting for her at home. She is a simple person with a life without problems, which is found in a rich and lush city. In beautiful English transmited americanized, she deals with the attractions and how makes her feel there. This woman spends so much time trying to be happy despite the many disappointments of her life and, while sitting in a town made for lovers, she realizes she is actually happy and loves more than she knew. She falls in love, maybe for a moment, with life and love in her own. The characters that appear but pass in Paris, JE T'AIME are found in the romantic center of the universe. The moments they share with each other, whether helping someone after a wrong fall, or stretching your hand to another person without touching them or knowing them, are the moments that give love to the flame and flourishing. Outside the city of lovers, it may be easy to miss moments like these, but we need to remember their significance. It only takes a moment for love to shine through a cloudy sky. You just have to keep your heart open to see it. And if a city can be so abundant with love, you have to think it can be found one day at the door.
