Paris, JE T'AIME is a wonderful cinematic tribute to the city of light and the city of love, a film so complex that it almost defies summarization and review. Ask a large group of people their impressions of life in Paris and the result would be something like this movie. Linked to each of the sectors or the arrondissement of the city, the film examines love in all forms, native people in their Parisian ways and tourists interacting with the big city. Around twenty writers and directors, each of about five minutes each, include Olivier Assayas, Coen Brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuarón, Gérard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles, Nobuhiro Suwa and Gus Van Sant among others less well-known. Stories range from hilarious, humorous, touching, tragic, to banal, at auction. In a story, a young Frenchman (Gaspard Ulliel) is attracted to a young lithographer (Elias McConnell), turning his heart into French to a boy who speaks only English. Elsewhere, a separated husband and wife (Gow Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) meet in the Latin Quarter to complete divorce proceedings, while another couple in Père-Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) approaches marriage unrelated to the spirit of Oscar Wilde. Steve Buscemi of Tuileries faces a superstition in a subway with the bag of tourist collections, in Bastille Sergio Castellitto (in love with mistress Leonor Watling) is ready to divorce his wife, Miranda Richardson, until she faces terminal leukemia, Juliette Binouche faces agony Foxes and Losses of Fox in Place des Victoires with the help of a mythical cowboy Willem Defoe, Sara Martins, Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier present a tale of mistaken ideas in Park Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins Strange relationship in Pigalle, Melchior Beslon plays a blind man to actress Natalie Portman in learning how to see in Faubourg Saint-Denis, vampire love between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko in the Quartier of Madeleine, Maggie Gyllenhaal is an ex-patriot actress killed on drugs in the Quartier des Enfants Rouges, and Margo Martindale is a travel letter bearer who to speak the French language she studied for her life trip to a 14ème homicide. The last few minutes of the movie attempt to link as many stories as feasible, but this only works on superficial levels. The film is long and there are no bridges between the many stories, a factor that can make the audience more difficult because of the lack of time to assimilate the whole action. But, ultimately, it is a rich tribute to a big city and gives the viewer many vignettes to re-visit as an album for a while in Paris. It's a movie that's worth seeing several times! Grady Harp
