I took my 19-year-old daughter with me to see this exciting movie exercise. I always find it intriguing to receive opinions and opinions from a different generation of films, especially as I am a cynic. It is good to get an unwavering opinion from someone who has not yet come to the "has been there, doing that" approach to every movie he sees. I am delighted to say that we both enjoyed a lot and I considered her to be a successful mother / daughter. Far, far better than seeing some "chicken movements" that we have gathered, what should we enjoy, according to demographics? Eighteen directors were asked to create a short piece about each of Paris's arrondissements, a city I have not visited for 20 years. But I'd like to be. They are closely linked by gathering photographs and are different approaches to love in the city seen in folk culture as the quintessential romantic capital of the world. Some of the movies work better than others, but, as other commentators have said, it does not go too far in kitsch. Some are funny, some are sad, some intriguing and some pretty dull (I'm still trying to find a deep inside truth in the "Tiger Flying, Hidden Dragon" hair salon). Some are just fun and probably should not be attributed much significance (the vampire and the tourist, for example.) Probably my only criticism of the whole movie is that it makes Paris look too good. It can also be cold, wet, blurry, indifferent and miserable, or in summer, hot baking and packed with so many tourists that you feel like a sardine in a car that can wait hours to see each attraction. But I am the collection. My personal favorite was Coen brothers shot at Tuileries subway station and Steve Buscemi as a confusing tournament that is inappropriately found trapped in a lovers' lineup. Absolutely perfect, very, very funny, without Buscemi saying a word. I also enjoyed the song about the two mime artists, which was probably the closest movie came to be cutesy - which certainly teetered on the edge of the kitsch, but it just left on the right. Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer gaining a deal from a meeting with Oscar Wilde's tomb left me quite indifferent, and Juliette Binoche trying to cope with the death of his little son made me very, very uncomfortable. I thought the song Bob Hoskins / Fanny Ardent and Ben Gazzara / Gena Rowlands fell a little flat, but Maggie Gyllenhaal was good (did he enter the drug market?) But I felt that the two pieces of "social justice" (because of a lack of a better way to put them in) worked very well. By this, I want to say first about the mother who leaves her own baby one day to go and take care of someone else's child in town And then the film about African migrants who struggle to exist on the edge of an indifferent society that is slaughtered and dying on the street in front of a young, paramedic, yet a crime statistics yet, in a world that sees thousands of dying immigrants in the struggle to reach what they see as a better life every year. "I thought both pieces were very well observed." The final film, 14th Arrondissement, where Margo Martindale plays a a postal worker in Colorado, telling the story of his first trip to Paris? in French very accentuated? at the French class school night, moved me. A perfect ending, a good, intriguing, if not wonderful, movie. <br /> <br /> Paris's t'aime was an ambitious idea, but it works pretty well.
