Often, movies of this nature meet as a mixed work bag, along with a slight movement to fill the execution time. Whether it is the support of the big name or the project itself, Paris is the t'aime never falls in this area. I think I can really say that the film as a whole is better than its parts. Between wonderful transitions and fantastic succession that ends, combining characters together in a last vision of love in Paris, I think the movie would have suffered if a wax was removed. True, there are certainly a few points that shadow the rest, but ultimately I have a lasting image, even if only a second second of each short blame. Love has many forms, and talent comes to this occasion to capture and move audiences through the poetry and emotional elegance of the facets of emotions. Quartier des Enfants Rouges: Maggie Gyllenhaal surprises as a drug - filming the actress in Paris and meeting her dealership. The revelation at the end of it leaves you a little balanced as if it were an infatuation between the two changing hands. Quatier Latin: Ben Gazzara and Gena Rowlands (recreating a relationship from an old Cassavettes movie?) They bring some sharp sharps of intelligence and sarcasm as they meet to discuss their imminent divorce. What is their conversation is true and what is just to eat the other is all pleasing, leaving a smile on your face. Quais de Seine: Gurinder Chadha Director offers us a portrait of touching the existing love beyond religious and racial differences. It's a sweet story of shy love between two people who obviously feel a connection but can not vocalize it. Tour Eiffel: I will admit I am disappointed that Sylvain Chomet did not get an animated sequence together, however, this live action story of moms who fall in love with the Paris prison has the same strange nature as his film Les Triplettes de Belleville . Tuileries: The Coen brothers are holding on to their strange sense of humor and doing some wonderful laughs. Steve Buscemi truly shines and sells performance without speaking a word. His facial reactions to the verbal abuse of an unhappy Frenchman are invaluable. Bastille: Here is an unimaginable portrait of a couple about love, just to get him back to the tragedy. Sergio Castellitto and Miranda Richardson move like a couple who deals with trouble and find how strong the connection of true love is. Pére-Lachaise: A surprisingly funny story from Wes Craven's horror master. A little of Humor Oscar Wilde can add letonity to any relationship. Parc Monceau: Alfonso Cuarón seems to be the amazing long practice-is being perfected in Children of Men with this story of two people in love, walking down the street. While Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier eventually arrive, we also find the real context of their "forbidden love" conversation. Porte de Choisy: A very surrealist appearance in the glow of Paris. This is probably the strangest entry, but so interesting that you can not look away from the resulting madness. Do not be overwhelmed by the Asian cosmetician, no matter what you do. Pigalle: An interesting look at a relationship that goes through a role-playing game that seems to have stalled for years. A bit of variety of Bob Hoskins is necessary to turn on fiery. Quartier de la Madeleine: Even vampires in Paris can find love between feeding hours. I do not know whether to be happy for Elijah Wood as a result or not. Nice shot and moved to allow red blood, this short is odd, but then love is. <br /> <br /> Arrondissement 14: Let him feel strange to Alexander Payne's sense of humor, this voice story told about an American in Paris to find out what love is. Her tough French, unspoilt, is a very strong contrast to the authentic accents I've been listening to this time-quite extraordinary to be both fun and true to the story. <br /> <br /> Montmartre: An interesting introduction to the procedure. Paris can be a city criticized for daily activities such as finding a parking space, but when it comes to discovering love, it will take the prisoner anywhere to continue the journey. <br /> <br /> Loin du 16éme: Catalina Sandino Moreno looks great what love for a child is through her subtle performance, because the story is related to her singing to a small but totally different child every time. Place des Fetes: My favorite story about bunch. Seydou Boro and Aïssa Maïga are simply fantastic. The cyclic nature of the story and the way fate brings the two characters together twice so that Boro can finally ask for coffee is hard to follow. Sometimes love at your final moment is enough to accept leaving this earth. Place des Victoires: One of the best stories about a mother trying to cope with his young son's death. Juliette Binoche is devastating as the mother desperate for her last son, and Willem Dafoe is strangely perfect as a cowboy that gives her the chance. Faubourg Saint-Denis: Sometimes we need to think he has lost his love to accept that he has not been fully invested in the relationship. Melchior Beslon recalls trying to find the place they were wrong with a series of sharp and rapid cuts from Natalie Portman's meeting to "see" how much she needs. Le Marais: Leave Gus Van Sant to show us a story about the lack of communication and understanding, because his films almost always deal with a form of alienation. His photographer from Elephant is an American working in Paris, which is a catalyst for the artist of Gaspard Ulliel, who mingles with love and soulmates. Sometimes you do not have to know what is being said to understand what happens in pauses.
