... for Paris is a mobile celebration. Ernest Hemingway It is impossible to count how many great talents have immortalized Paris in paintings, novels, songs, poems, short but unforgettable quotes and quotes, said film director Max Ophüls of Paris, "offered the glowing boulevards under the street lights , breakfast in Montmartre with cognac in your window, coffee and muffin muffins, gigolo and prostitutes at night. "Everyone in the world has two parents: Paris and Paris." Paris is always associated with love and romance, and "Paris, Je T 'Aime', titled 'Minor Romance,' is a collection of short films, often sketches from 18 talented directors around the world. In each of us, we are familiar with one of the arrondissements of Christmas and Parisians of all ages, genres, colors and environments that deal with all love in its many variations and stages. In some of the "minor novels" we witness the unexpected encounters of the aliens who bring in the immediate interest, the proximity and probably the relationship: as for Podalydès and Florence Muller on Montmartre Street in the opening film or for Cyril Descours and Leïla Bekhti as a white boy and a Muslim girl whose intercultural romanticism directed by Gurinder Chadha starts on Quais de Seine. I included in this category a humorous short film by Gus Van Sant. "Le Marais" a boy barks his heart to another boy confessing close to unexpectedly approaching, asking for permission to call - never realizing that the subject of his interest does not understand French. Some of the vignettes are poisonous and even dark. In Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas' Loin du 16ème, Catalina Sandino Mareno (a stunning Oscar nomination for Mary full of Grace) is a single, working classmate who has to work as a nanny in a rich neighborhood to pay for caring for children, her child every morning before going to work. One of the most memorable and really upsetting films is "Place des Fêtes" by Oliver Schmitz. Aïssa Maïga and Seydou Boro co-star with two young people I love could have happened. There have been promises, but it has been shortened by the hatred and intolerance that exist everywhere, and the City of Love and Light is no exception. Another for me was "Bastille," written and directed by Isabel Coixet, with Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling. Castellitto fell with love with his wife, Richardson, but when she's ready to go with the beautiful lady, the devastating news from his wife's doctor arrives ... I can still reflect on all 18 small precious stones. I like them very much. The others felt weak and they will soon be looking, but in general, I'm very happy that I bought the DVD and I know I will return to my favorite movies again and again. These are the "Place des Fêtes" that I have already mentioned, "Père-Lachaise," directed by Wes Craven, which involves the ghost of one of the best and smartest people ever, Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, director of "Sideways" which would save a troubled relationship.Payne also directed "Arrondissement 14," in which a single middle-aged middle-aged worker in Denver, CO explores the city alone, offering a French voice with a heavy accent. is one of the most moving and along with the hilarious "Tuileries" by Joel and Ethan Coen with (what else? :)) Steve Buschemi is my absolute favorite. In both shorts, American tourists sit on banquets (Margo in the park and Steve on the Paris subway after visiting Louvers), observing life around them with different results. While Margo can say, "My feeling is sad and easy, my pain is brilliant ..." Steve's character will find that sometimes even the most comprehensive and useful tourist guide would not help a tourist avoid doing the wrong things in a foreign country .
