I saw tonight a digital projection seminar (35mm film, and the first full-featured 6k artistic film, measured in 4k, projected with a 2k projector at the ETC / USC Theater in Hwd). So much for tech stuff. 18 directors (among them Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, among some French / international directors) were given 5 minutes to make a love affair. They come in all shapes and shapes, with well-known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi ... very funny ..., Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands .. also in Alex Payne's film about a woman which is revealed in Van Sant and one of those things that happens anywhere ... maybe not speaking in French in most of the sequences (with English subtitles) and a small amount of real English speech, though probably a will extend to the art houses (a to Diva.) Also, just a piece that could be considered "experimental" and funny, the rest of the simple studies of sometimes complex relationships, all easy to follow (if the "experimental" does not irritate you the desire for a formal story.) Several have brought some emotions to me ... I admit that I am affected by love in the cinema .. when it is presented in something other than sentimentalism. I laughed even at a piece of my mum, another one I've seen (thanks for that!) The film peaked for me somewhere over half, then the last two sequences took it again. Some beautiful Paris night shots, lush and romantic music, usually used for a good effect, not just schmaltz for "sounds" in sound, generally good cinema, although some photos seemed to be blurred when they were not could have been (the main character in the movie / scene). The stimulation of each film was good, and the overall structure, though a bit long (leaving two of the 20 films but saying everything was on DVD) seemed to vary between the tones of the films to maintain a good balance. I'm not sure when it comes out, but a good study of how to make a 5-minute movie ... and sometimes it does not work (if it covers too much emotionally for a short film) Should be in the region one when was released but did not know when.
