It's not easy to make a movie with 18 different stories in it. Although 18 different international directors have taken the challenge, not every one of them is good, some boring. But in his entity, "Paris, is t'aime," is astounding, showing that, as "Love in fact" said, "love is around", especially in the city of love. Here's a summary (we'll try to make as little as possible the spoiler) of the 18 different stories. MONTMARTRE - a boring opening sequence, nothing really special. A man finds a parking spot and sees a lot of strange walking couples wondering why he's not finding a girl. And then, suddenly, a faint woman near his car ... QUAIS DE SEINE - another boring sequence, about three teenage boys looking for a bottom piece, when suddenly a Muslim girl is moving right in front of her receiving help from one of the boys. Really basic, but with a sweet heart for him. LES MARAIS - this was a great disappointment! Although a love affair between two boys with an artistic background might have been interesting to the great Van Sant. Eventually everything that comes after Ulliel's monologue is good, all before it's just annoying. TUILERIES - an entertainment sequence for the Coen brothers. Buscemi - without saying a single word - is fascinating and the whole sequence is just hilarious. This kept me hanging to the end, and that made you really addicted to the movie. LOIN DU 16IEME - and a beautiful story, even if the execution is weak, the heart is there. It is the story of a Spanish woman who escapes her child early in the morning to take care of another suburban child. Beautiful. PORTE OF CHOISY - this segment must be the weirdest and weirdest of the whole movie. Some sort of shampoo vendor arrives at a parade in Chinatown in Paris. If I understand it correctly, the story is about inner beauty, but I think I'm wrong. BASTILLE - a truly wonderful sequence. A man meets his wife at a restaurant, to separate from her so that she can run away with his mistress. But his wife has devastating news. Pretty basic but really sad and beautiful! PLACE DES VICTOIRES - and a sad sequence. Juliette Binoche plays a grieving mother. One evening, she wakes up listening to the dead child. When she arrives at the location, a cowboy tells her she can give her a last farewell to her child. One of the best segments! TOUR EIFFEL - two lovers who fall in love could have been wonderful, but although she has beautiful cinematic tricks, the story is not intriguing and is not funny at all. PARC MONCEAU - a true original and wonderful, one of the best in the movie! A young man and an older man discuss their future and their fear of a certain man ... Cuaron is doing a great job of acting and the actors are amazing! QUARTIER DES ENFANTS ROUGES - an American actress (Gyllenhaal) falls in love with her drug dealer. a beautiful segment again with a very sad end PLACE DES FETES - a woman comes to a homeless man, starts talking romantically ... because she is the love of her life. Nice, sad, shocking, romantic ... Place des Fêtes will make everyone cry. PIGALLE - a tedious sequence between Ardant and Hoskins, looking for new emotions in their relationship ... very unhappy and unromantic, Pigalle is an escape. <br /> <br /> QUARTIER DE LA MADELEINE - bringing diversity to the film, QdlM is a relief. A young man (Wood) finds a vampire killing a victim ... The tourist and the vampire ... fall in love! Dark, frightening and strangely romantic, Madeleine is gorgeous. PERE-LACHAISE - another lethal-down segment. Directed by Wes Craven and stars like Mortimer and Sewell, it could have been great, but Père-Lachaise is just habitual, not original. FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS - The rumors are true, Twyker's short film is beautiful, amazing and well done. A blind man takes over the phone and hears from his girlfriend (Portman - really amazing) that he is breaking up with him. He reflects on their relationship. QUARTIER Latin - even if this segment was co-directed by Depardieu and has stars like Rowlands, Gazzara and Depardieu, this segment is also an earthquake. Nothing is happening, the lack of chemistry among the actors. OTHER ARONDISSEMENT - the last sequence is hilarious and sad at the same time. An American says in the French class about his trip to Paris. Her French is really terrible, but at the end of the segment, she realizes that Paris is far more than meets the eye. With Feist in the background, "Paris, je t'aime" ends in a sweet tone, do not leave me at all, even if some segments bore me, the entity of the movie is great! A true cinematic experience for young and old. Paris, it's enmity!
