I was lucky enough to attend a visit to Stockholm for this elegant, pleasant and thought-provoking film. With romance as the heaviest weapon in his arsenal, Paris is a bold t'aime in love in Paris, navigating different shapes in eighteen separate "quartiers," but without attracting Parisiennes and sugary formulas. His gold mines, no doubt, cause frustration on the part of the directors? frustration over just having 5-10 minutes screen time? therefore, you are presented with the best and safest direction on each side. By debating whether or not to review all 18 segments, I came to the conclusion that this would only be redundant and long. Instead of making sure that each director enjoys the movie with eccentric styles and abilities, and you will surely find your favorite. Although Gus Van Sant can not withstand the temptation to be introspective, LES MARAIS is one of the best contributions, even hidden in a well placed Kurt Cobain reference. The Coen brothers were recreating one of the most accessible segments in Paris, a scene with Steve Buscemi, a humor but emotionally transparent humor and intelligent camera angles that generated the most laughter in my theater and maybe so. <br /> <br /> In this way, all story lines are unique exquisite? filtered through the minds of different directors? but the one that deviates most from the rest is QUARTIER DE LA LA MADELEINE by Vincenzo Natali, a dark Gothic Gothic love starring Elijah Wood as a lost tourist behind the street in Paris who meets a vampire. With a black and white format, but the blood-red contrast, which seems to bleed incongruently on the screen, becomes almost a pastichet of Sin City? a refreshing and visual revolution in a fairly grounded film. <br /> <br /> However, my only favorite segment was FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS by Tom Tykwer, but I think I was conditioned to believe that, as I went to the theater with him as my favorite and I pushed my friend to the side by saying "finally, this is my favorite director here." However, it can not be denied that Tykwer offers a wonderful segment in which a blind boy picks up the phone and he hears from his girlfriend (Portman - because once it was not annoying) that he is breaking up with him and reflecting on their relationship. Just like Tywker's style, the story is fast-paced, kinetic and repetitive, with patterns and running (Lola Rennt), making it the most adrenaline pump in Paris is t'aime and eventually the the most powerful tool? the music. To fill the negative account, obviously not all directors deal with Tywker, Van Sant, Cohens, Coixet and Dépardieu. Sylvain Chomet overturns the bottom of the pile, sculpting a truly disposable segment, where a boy tells the story of how his parents met. There are two mimics alone. This part is so frightening in French and desperately is insulting to international viewers. Suwa also leads a poor and fluffy segment with a Juliette Binoche, who usually seems to be a haggard who complains about her son's loss. Nothing else happens. Finally, the packaging and interconnection of the 18 stories finally, to some extent, feels urgent and hearty. However, Paris's t'aime really spoils you with quality, because all the other stories are good - created with a clear and fun arrangement. It is definitely one of the most important moments of 2006 (I do not say too much, I assume) and a very personal film in the sense that it is inevitable to choose a favorite and the least favorite. Highly recommended for both the mainstream audience "pretentios" (heh). <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
