I woke up at six and seventy as I watched him. Otherwise, Altman's touch-zoom and exit was there, and I expected these devices to comment on the characters and situations. Unfortunately, as far as we could see, they were sometimes free, sometimes full of soul, often empty, because they did not reveal an ironic or other connection. In particular, two zoom-outs from the golden dome in the savannah are just perplexed. To be fair, however, a few zoomes (outs and ins) to Branagh have exalted the growing astonishment of his character, Pudgy McCabe or Philip Marlow. Generally, the zooms were, well, inconsistent, and sometimes even tribute. Other humanitarian devices, such as several glass panes between the room and the subject, have succeeded in suggesting the character's sollipsis or narcissism or the opaque stage of knowledge. Windshields, house windows and other screens have been used efficiently and consistently, I felt, returning to PLAYER and even GOOD MONTHS. Some discounts, especially for a suggestive television advertisement, reminded me of such use in SHORT CUTS, to a sardonic effect. But, ultimately, the mismatch between Altman's personal style and the absolute weight of the Grisham genre, failed to excite me. This masterpiece of the 1970s director has reviewed and deconstructed various classical genres, including detective chandler, which resembles in some ways; This time, the director seemed to have too few arrows in his analytical work to hit a significant blow in the soft subbelic of this type of beast. Was he buried by mammalian producers? Or am I missing something because of my poor knowledge of the genre he's taking here? However, pouring was excellent: Tom Berenger (for his terrible fertility), Branagh for him (deflated) hubris, Robert Downey Jr's pheromone opacity, Robert Duvall's garbage method, and Davidtz's feminine fatality were almost all perfect choices. And with the exception of a few leaflets from Georgia to Chicago from Daryl Hannah, the accents were convincing in the south. Suspicion and mood were delightful, even if the story did not make anything onlookers. The moodiness of a pre-uraganic coastal barometric prolongation was excellent, it was wonderful - I felt like shouting to light on the coolness of the swamp mist. <br /> <br /> Finally, I counseled it. <br /> <br />
