Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I have to admit that I enjoyed the films that are usually despised: "Quintet," just because I was pleased to see a beautiful and beautiful Brigitte Fossey, who was unforgettable as the girl in "Forbidden Games " "HealtH," because they had Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson, all in the same play; "Popeye," for that splendid and surrealistic world, Shelley Duvall's Olive Oyl and the wonderful locations in Malta; "OC & Stiggs," for his anti-adolescence proposal, "Beyond Therapy," for all the weakness and the presence of Genèvieve Page, which, for all her effort to look at Parisian chic, is taken for a transvestite. I even enjoyed an act like "The Dumb Waiter" and "The Washer." When there is not much plot to develop into his films, you have great performances from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Curtin, and we are glad to have a different approach and description of the different cultures of the United States: it is a pity that his genius is seldom appreciated, and that he is always forgotten when the time comes to award US awards and prizes. it's not surprising that I found so many bad comments that I posted here about "The Gingerbread Man", its the biggest effort and "main" up to now and to my knowledge. I did not know there were so many people who were thinking like Leonard Maltin, who does not like Altman at all. In this case, "The Gingerbread Man" may be disliked, but for me the reason has more to do with Grisham than with the scriptwriter. Some of Altman's trademarks are here: improvised dialogue, awesome performances, a funny lawyer's office, a receptionist, and a typically irrelevant secretary. While some people find it boring, I found the first fascinating act, thanks to Changwei Gu's great cinematography, the man who shot Red Sorb, Ju Dou and Ado My Concubine. He has a way to show us the same things we see in other American films, but under another light. Through "the look of the stranger," almost everything seems new and different. In this first act, things were so logical and true! Wait until you become older. You may find yourself in difficulty if you fall under the spell of a younger and more beautiful like Embeth Davidtz. I know for myself what I have fascinated with someone younger than me! Then you have the repulsive, threatening and mysterious character of Robert Duvall, while Geraldo's storm threatens Savannah. The second act becomes a little fake and even funny because Altman could have led him with a grin. I remember laughing loudly in several situations with his ironic remarks. I think he applied a bit of Brecht, distancing us, preparing us for the third act, which is simply a pastime from Hollywood. Altman does it with expertise. Being a wise man and an intelligent director, fortunately did not fall into the traps of today's current films. He was leading a story of lust, greed, and death. I was not disappointed with the movie. If I give him a 9 instead of 10, it's because of Grisham. The American reader turned him into a successful author. So why complain? Maybe we should thank Altman for showing us the stitches of his stories, the boredom, flatulence and stupidity of everyone. However, it does so with taste and humor, that I can only disagree with the negative comments. For me, these people saw another movie ... And vice versa.
