"The Gingerbread Man is the first thriller I ever did!" ?? Robert Altman <br /> <br /> In 1955 Charles Laughton directed The Night of the Hunter, a frightening Southern Gothic slice in which Robert Mitchum plays a scary serial killer. One of the most famous sequences of the film consists of two children who came out of Mitchum on a rowing boat, the children being frenetic, while Mitchum walks behind them like a monster. <br /> <br /> Seven years later, Mitchum played an equally frightening killer in Cape Fear, another film based in South America. This film included a local lawyer who is trying to protect his family and also ended up with people who have terrorized Mitchum on a boat. In 1991, Martin Scorsese, trying to highlight and approach a little more, remodeled "Cape Fear," the boat scene and all. Now, we have "The Gingerbread Man" of Robert Altman, another slice of the small Southern Gothic city. Altman says he consulted "The Hunter's Night" for inspiration and approached such a mass movie just because he wanted to "spread his wings and try a picture of popcorn," but what he secretly tries to do here is deconstruction the canonical films of the Southern Gothic Style. <br /> <br /> So instead of making a showdown on the small boat, we get to a showdown on a giant ship. Instead of kidnapping two children, we have two children who return safely to the police. Instead of hiding the money, we have money that is easily given through a last will and will. Instead of the 1961 lawyer and the remake of the remake of the remake of 1991, we have a fairly three-dimensional lawyer in Kenneth Branagh. Instead of the monsters who follow the family, we get the hero watching the bad guys. Instead of the monster entering the family home boat, we have the hero hunting the monster aboard the monster's "home ship". Similarly, instead of a killer serial killer, we get an innocent freak played by Robert Duvall. . .etc etc. Altman continues and continues, reversing everything slightly, pulling to the edges and doing his own thing. His touch is most evident in the first half-hour of the film, the film that exists in an unwavering space between the conventional cinematic story and Altman's behavior for overlapping dialogue, occasional narratives, camera movement, and the way the characters are not so much introduced , because they are simply part of what is happening. However, despite the best intentions of Altman, the film never rises above mediocrity. Altman is too tied to the conventions of the "thriller format" to make great damage, his style is too lethargic to generate tension, and the film is not radical enough to counteract other canonical genres. "Gingerbread Man" is therefore too big to work as a purer Altman movie and also Altman to work as a mainstream thriller. The film is not a complete waste, though. Robert Downey Junior, Kenneth Branagh and usually the intolerable Daryl Hannah, all turn into juicy shows. The film also has a pleasant atmosphere, opposite an approaching hurricane, and the final act contains some interesting twists and transformations. While it is not the complete disaster that Scorsese was "Cape Fear" was, the film still does not rise to anything special. In the late 1990s, Altman made three successive South American films: "Kansas City," "Gingerbread Man," and "Fortune Cookie." Unlike "Gingerbread Man," both "Kansas City" and "Cookie's Fortune" approach the genre on the wider and more free paintings Altman likes best. <br /> <br /> "Kansas City" is the most important of the two films, class hierarchies, politics, and crime, and the desire to break away from typical gangster cadres radically turns out to be influential on all the 21 (see, for example, "The Wire"). That being said, "Cookie's Fortune," while a much weaker story is perhaps the best picture. Note: Altman claims that this is his first thriller, but he directed "Imagini", a thriller of art, in 1972. <br /> <br /> It is worth watching.
