Robert Altman should not make a movie like this, but the fact that he did - and it seems to be a relatively good thriller and very hurt in this book-tradition of the Grisham thrillers - shows a versatility that is commendable. In Gingerbread Man he has to work with something that, unfortunately, is not always very successful, or at least not the first thing on his control list as director: plot. There is one of those large, juicy land near the boiler where a weak attorney is caught by a desperate inferior woman, and then an angry figure the woman is tied to their lives enters the most amazing ways, twists and turns , yada yada. And it is surprising that Altman would really want to take one of these "I saw coming back from there!" endings or just such a semi-conventional thriller. But it is a surprise to pay because, quite strangely enough, Altman is able to catch some of that very fine behavior or rather, he is able to not induce a coax from a very well-formed ensemble from a Georgian environment of small size. The film sinks with the atmosphere (sometimes good and sometimes decent for Altman) because Savannah will probably be hit by a big hurricane and the swamp and swamp and rain will keep things dirty and dirty and wet. Both the atmosphere is very strong, but also the performances of the (sometimes) hysterical Kenneth Branaugh, Embeth Davitz as the "woman" that Branaugh lawyer takes and Robert Downey Jr (when not good?) The private detective in Branaugh's engagement. Did I neglect Robert Duvall, who, in just five minutes of the screen, makes an indelible impression to cling the vibrations in the picture? <br /> <br /> As has been said, part of the plot is a bit weak or just a standard type (the lawyer is divorced, bitter war of custody, innocent and naked children), but at the same time I think Altman saw something exciting in the material, something darker than some of Grisham's other works, somehow standing. If she is not entirely master, she continues to function on her limited terms as a mystery that will happen - the future-noir.
