Steven Spielberg wanted to win an Oscar so bad he thought he would not win by directing effects of special effects (he was nominated for three of them: "Close Encounters of the Third Guy," "Raiders of the Ark Lost "" ET: The Extra-Terestrial, "so he decided to become very serious with the film" The Color Purple, "a timeless movie, and Spielberg's first serious script is a remarkable film, but the Academy's voters who voted in 1985 have not yet given Spielberg any respect: "The Purple Color" received 11 Oscar nominations, including "Best Picture," but Spielberg was imprudent when he was not nominated for the most good singer Oscar has been completely closed, it was not fair "Color Purple" should have won a few Oscars, including one for Whoopi Goldberg's spectacular cinematic debut as Celie, a woman suffering in the hands of an abot husband live (scary by Danny Glover), and then becomes tronger throughout the movie due to special friends. Oprah Winfrey also made her film debut and provides a great interpretation like Sofia, one of Celie's friends. Since I was in Chicago, I had already met Winfrey from her talk show (which did not go national at the time of the release of the film). Like Goldberg, what movie debut! Margaret Avery is wonderful as Shug Avery, another friend who also happens to be a mistress of Celie's celie husband. All three actresses received Oscar nominations for their role here (Goldberg for Best Actress, Winfrey and Avery for Best Supporting Actress). Located in the south in the first half of the 20th century, "The Purple Color" is such a powerful film that it made me cry at the end. It also made me laugh the times. Why academy voters were so hard not to name Spielberg as the best director is a mystery that still bothers me today. But Spielberg will win two Oscars later for "Schindler's List" and "Saving Private Ryan", making him one of the best film directors of all time. But he should have been nominated for this film. The job she did from blockbusters of special effects such as "E.T." to a serious drama like "The Purple Color" was remarkable. <br /> <br /> **** (out of four)
