In Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most incoherent movies ever made. But this is an ordinary knowledge; I think his main problem is a series of genres he covers while, at the same time, he has not developed any style that could tag a car. Hitchcock liked his suspense and horror / thriller; Chaplin liked the comedy; Scorsese likes the story of the murdered mafia, among others, and Spielberg likes great big-budget movie adventures that combine enough adult violence and fun for kids. Other more obscure examples include Kubrick and Welles who covered too much to write about here. But Schumacher is a guy making an erroneous movie that rotates around a great idea or in a very nice movie that revolves around a seemingly dull premise. Falling Down had a wonderful idea behind it, but it seemed to me wrong and anticlimactic, with too many scenes apparently based on comedy. Batman is a superhero; Superhero movies have been big hits recently, as he managed to do not one, but two horror superhero movies is beyond me. Then comes 8MM; a film with a basic premise that is impressively executed before Tigerland, Schumacher's best film from what I have seen so far, in my opinion. With the kind of war, laughter is not something you associate with him for most of the time. I remember lying to the absurdity of D-Day landings during Private Savior Ryan: when I first saw the movie, I did not have much knowledge about the World War II bar when it started he finished. My eyebrows were up, my mouth slightly open with a faint "I can not believe she smiles" on my face. Needless to say, because of this film, I wanted to learn more about what was about this event and about the war as a whole. In Tigerland, you are invited to laugh at the absurdity of the war through Bozz (Farrell), a powerful and selfish soldier training for the Vietnam War. But what is clever here is that there is no war to descend scenes of struggle and death and destruction; just one man and fighting the system most of the time. The things he says and the boldness he is handling his situation remind him of a school child who has liquidated a number of teachers in an extremely strict boarding school. Tigerland can borrow from the Full Metal jacket in the sense that it's a Vietnam War training routine, but the ego and the superhegoes play more of a part here, I think. Superheroes who are drilling sergeants go against Bozz, whose ego is extremely high. There is also the third part of Freud's triangle that sneaks into Bozz: the ID. Compared to all the other soldiers who have big enough ego, Bozz is the only brave enough to show them in front of the sergeant, suggesting that he allows what he should not do to float to the surface and express himself: "You are all dead in this situation!" Pulls out a sergeant. "Other questions?" - Yeah, if I'm dead, why can I ask a question? Bozz responds, whose punishments, such as pushing and dirty food, seem to disappoint him in genuine style; that is, they enjoy penalties. Also, as far as superheroes are concerned, Bozz is trying at some point to order a group of soldiers in field training. This is something that the existing captain of the team can not suggest that both the superhero for the job and the confidence to tell Bozz is responsible is lacking. What follows is a real conversation between Bozz and an existing drilling sergeant that gives him the Christian name. This is where the private character Wilson (Whigham) goes: his uncontrollable rage and anger at Bozz explodes at some point, all culminating in the only real scenes of a stinging fire that is in the form of a drill exercise in a river. Wilson can not control his impulses and he does not like Bozz and works. What I also liked about Tigerland is that she is shot in a way that is courageous. While the innovations are lacking, Tigerland seems to use a lower-quality film or smaller cameras to find his image. Make no mistake that this movie could be a pretty film with a lot of color and attractiveness. But we have a documentary approach to the final piece, making everything appear to have been shot on a typical day-to-day TV room; the emphasis on the hand is also obvious, but Schumacher is smart: he never allows the film to become too much like a mockumentry, suggesting at the same time that the budget of the film could have been half that of what it was. It is worth saying here that Spielberg said he wants to privately rescue Ryan to look like a coil movie or something along these lines and as if it had been recorded from war scenes. While it was very fun and fun, Tigerland is still a great study of what makes people tick; not necessarily in the war, but in the closest possible substitute. His study of a man and how much he hates a system he can not take seriously is fascinating, just like the leadership of each soldier. There are many memorable scenes and situations culminating in a happy, if not unfortunate, end that will open your mind and make you think about what is really possible in the army.
