Will and Ted's physical journey is an existential trip through mortality, religion, time, Heaven, and Hell, the search for the fabled man and his fears of being overcome by a soulless machine. It is the smartest fiction of Paradise Lost and refers to the many past works of art - Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time, the guys are a known rock band that traveled through time collecting past icons - Napolean, Joan Of Ark (Noah's wife), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They took the skills they learned from each of these people, kidnapped some princesses, and eventually learned to play their guitar and sing songs of success. These songs teach the world to love again and war, hunger, evil are defeated for eternity. We return to the far future where an evil dictator who despises good music called Simon Cow-Al wants to master the world. He eats Rooshus (the cool guy from the first movie that helps Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and wins the power to send two cyborgs back in time. Cyborgs are living tissues over metallic exoskeleton and covered with mimetic poly alloys, allowing them to survive travel disturbances over time and imitate any physical contact specimen. It's their job to kill Biff and Fred and take their lives by making terrible music no one likes. Doing this, they will change the world forever - Gryll's and Jed's music will never be left out of a world of war, famine and hate, and more annoyance, bland boy / girl pop music group. There is an amazing twist, because good boys are actually killed and they have to find a way to save the world themselves and their wives from the evil Dopplebangers who live in their bodies. Penelope Spheerhead shows her knowledge of youth culture and real culture by blending modern music and expressions with post-modern sets and artistic references and aiming to teach us something by delighting in our very psyche to show ourselves. She presents the nightmares that faced with teenage 80s in a society that had abandoned them and called us to dissect poststructuralist jingoism, self-love and the wickedness of time. By accusing us of the conviction that we can truly change the world is an inspiring message, but to achieve such dreams, we must pass and face our nightmares. To defeat is to succeed, to defeat Death is the first step in truly living and not just survival. In the words of Kenneth Reeves, "Wow!" Best scene: For a fun game - see how many songs, bands and albums cover the references you can see throughout the movie. There are at least six.
