The visual creative epic of inimitable style. This film can not have the alternative dramaturgy, nor the most artistic action. But who dares to say this movie is not an art? I'm not a supporter of the idea, that an important film has to be serious, non-commercial, or bothering me with questions. Even there are a lot of movies, adapted to these attributes, which I like. Bogus Journey is certainly not one of these movies. What you get is pure, excessive creativity, with a very charged, childish energy. This film does not reflect reality. Friendly-naive and utopian. Imagine the future world described by Rufus - for me it would be a pretty nice combination in the place to live! Except for the respective music -) Technically, Bogus Jorney is very well done. I always enjoyed the cinema and the scenes of this movie. Especially at this point, Bogus Journey far exceeds its prequel. Also, the effects are good, and I think most of them did a lot without cgi. Generally, I prefer the best old effects in high budget movies. Of course it's just another Hollywood movie from a people's perspective. But I think this is very charismatic. A short word for the soundtrack: all the band and the orchestral music fit well with the movie. Also, the sound design does not lack. I'm not a big fan of rock music, but I had to get this song by Winger from the scene station, which builds the bill and the robots in the van. I like the unorthodox room work at its beginning. Let me finish by saying this: This movie is very naive and very imaginative! It is much better than Panzerkreuzer Potemkin, the Godfather, the Eraserhead or Aguirre - the wrath of God. He is absolutely superior to the kane reader, the apocalypse now or chris markers sans soleil ... ... is even better than Total Recall ... Nothing! Go ahead! Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey is simply the best movie ever made. Who dares to disagree is guilty of "artistic-fartsy behavior" or likes Terminator Salvation (which is the biggest self-defamation) PS: Part 1 is not the best movie. So Bogus Jorney is a superior sequel. Not even Terminator 2 is a superior sequel! Is not!
