Ying, a Chinese girl who speaks Czech, invited us to screen a Czech film (with English subtitles) in the Department of Environmental Studies and Ecology (VES). It was the first time I saw Samotáři (Loners, 2000) and it was pretty good. As in many other Czech films, the seven central characters seem to have a rather difficult and dirty life; the web indicates that this theme was popular among US movies in the early 1990s. Their relationships are breaking apart, combining and recombining. Another typical feature of Czech films is that none of the characters are conceived as being universally negative and neither of them has a permanently positive character. You can also see how the characters judge the characteristics of others by context; is a very realistic feature of the psychological analysis of the film. Ondřej is a talented and married young surgeon who has two daughters. However, learn that he only studied neurobiology to prove how much another woman loved, Hanka. He is so obsessed that he repeatedly dresses as a plumber to enter Hanka's parents' house - a home he burns repeatedly. Meanwhile, Hanka has a very mixed relationship with her parents. She only decides - by throwing a coin - to break up with Peter who works in a private radio station. Hanka does not regard her parents' bourgeois life as a good example, but seems to fail to create a better environment. But she is a very flexible figure as to her kind of boyfriends. For a while, Hanka seems to have serious plans with Jakub, an innocent drug addict, whose memory seems to be quite devastated by drugs. However, friends from his band inform Jakub that he already has another girlfriend. Hanka is disappointed and returns to her parents. When Hank and Peter break up, it is organized by Robert, a character who also works for a travel agency, where his job is to show the lives of ordinary Czech people to Japanese tourists. Robert - who also offers Jakub marijuana - is never serious about anything and usually sleeps with many different women; Eventually, his mother dies in a hospital and has his own ways to cope with depression. Vesna (a Slavic word for "spring") who came to Prague from Macedonia works as a barmaid - and you will not find out if he came to the Czech Republic to see his father or UFOs. It seems quite confusing, but sometimes it helps the other characters of their problems. Peter works at the radio station and is the only one who likes his job - a job he is finally losing. He announces to his audience that he has separated from Hanka - so Ondřej learns about the news that makes him very happy. Eventually, Lenka Lenka's wife is always ready to forgive and stabilize her marriage - even after Ondřej asks a magician to make him disappear, so that Ondřej tries again to capture Hanka . (The magician pays his debts because he is the brother of a victim of an important car accident - Jakub and Hanka bring the victim to the hospital, and Ondřej saves his life.) Lenka also works at the travel agency - as a translator - and in the she has to translate some hysterical scenes for 20 Japanese tourists who film their movies during Hanka's parents' dinner. The seven characters interact in an interesting and interesting way, which would be natural if Prague were smaller than four orders of magnitude. Given the real size of the Czech capital, it seems unlikely that all these events take place between seven people, but it is fun.
