This is the first American film to successfully adopt the naturalist style used by Europeans, especially French and Belgian, for at least a decade, and it is not about time? Following three high school girls in Crown Heights in Brooklyn, in the last days of the summer break between the freshman and the second year, he does all he needs to do fine art: he discovers the universe in private. Even though girls' preoccupations are usually conventional - boys, sex, popularity, money, freedom and clothing - we see how their whole life is formed, the universal interface between character and destiny. > Naturalism is complete, complete. The film breathes, stays at this moment, lives in real time. The story is said. The environment and its artifacts for once are not the message. The unconditional film honestly conveys the childhood perspective of his characters; does not impose its own meanings or moral values. Details appear on their own, never pushed, and thus appear to be more real and powerful to underestimate them. Even though great efforts have been made to capture the authentic social reality of Heights crowns, part of the largest black ghetto in New York and one of the most dangerous violent places in the US, the subject is childhood in the ghetto, not the ghetto itself. The recordings of the marching practice sessions, Jackie Robinson Steppers, score the film at regular intervals with a blast of color, motion and sound. Otherwise, the room remains very close, very intimate, has a patient, a criminal and a discreet observer. The language is rich, spontaneous, acting transparently. Some scenes are notable, like the girls who bathe, each revealing her deepest fantasies. Lanisha's confession of accepting a death through random violence is the most shocking, one of the deepest scars of the ghetto. Sharing her with her mother, her confusion and fear, before the strict challenges of adult life, is just as moving and beautiful, meaningless, affirmative. The social realities are respected, not propagandized: all three girls are raised by a single mother, only one, Lanisha, has an active father in her life (and not coincidentally, she is the most moving and empathetic of the three the others and the one with the highest self-esteem). Two of them suffer from asthma, a predominantly disproportionate disease in the inner city. Gunfire, a daily accepted event, just cuts off the conversation. Only one of the girls, Joy, feels hopeful, feels he has control over the future, while the other two, to varying degrees, have already accepted despair. This is by far the best American drama I have seen for years. See, see, see.
