"Our song" gives us the life of the three teenage girls Lanisha, Maria and Joycelyn - the best girlfriends hanging late in the summer. Adolescent summer - even if we do not know the signals and landmarks of this land, Crown Heights, Brooklyn - is / was the same for all of us. A lazy breath to school pressures and disturbances. Although this adolescent experience is universal, the city of the '90s is a place different from what many of us know - maybe as a foreign country like any. Young bodies sculpting new silhouettes ... signing a new territory ... the labyrinth to maturity. The young mind came in, speaking of itself, saying that this is who I am, that's what I want to try to be. It is / has always been so. But this is how he plays in Brooklyn in the late 90's. Jim McKay is the writer / director of this film project, but he recognizes all who shouted suggestions to him. The opening title "A Movie of" seems to enumerate everyone in the universe. It's a gesture, but by the end of the movie, we know it's authentic. [The closing titles have some of the best credits I've read.] Jan McLaughlin's live sound recording deserves to be noted in particular. McKay is a modest leader who knows who tells the story - they are the three graces of Lanisha, Maria and Joycelyn. I'm the real thing, their interactions have the fire of real friendship and the focus of reality. This is not a brief description of the video about adolescent life. She has the seriousness of a long worry. By walking with them, we do not usually feel, but we feel privileged to listen. There are real voices talking clearly about the crisis and the boredom of everyday life. We are witnessing the modern mathematics of teenage life - how its problems are interpreted, calculated and summed up and resolved. Small scenes illustrate great thoughts throughout. Lanisha hangs with her father at his security job - it's the only way he spends time with him. We see the love that exists between them, but also the family and father's failures. In a connected scene, Lanisha defends her father from her mother and we see how desperately she needs to love both of them and love her instead. Later, the three friends were in the visions and dreams of dividing the darkness - and we remember how foolish / funny they are, even more tragic, how realistic they are, they are, to clash with idealism these days. And, at the end, Maria simply walking on the street is a short story in itself. We see how he courageously gathers all his fears and doubts. It demonstrates the strength we need to have to embrace the fragility that makes life viable. "The greatest gift of our song is that we really feel deeply the extremely ephemeral nature of friendship - how, someday, alive and intimate, that intimacy can, in the next, come back and move away. , but it is, is not it?
