I'm thinking about the days when I kept my friends hat to feel alive during my 16 years of age. The tiny moments of this film are so precise and directed to the rhythm of what is happening in the minds and hearts of young girls during these teenage ages. Now, at my age, I want to teach them about their decisions and how life in those times is not as important as it seems at those times. That if they can be patient in their youth and expect to experience the hardships of life both external and internal, that life would be so sweet. But again, young people today face some variables that we have not had to do with youth. The three main characters played by all three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez-Maria) give us a very credible picture of a reality for young girls living in situations impoverished. They have poor lives in family life, all raised by single mothers with the expectation of Lanisha, whose father is present but who does not actively support her day by day. Decreasing educational systems and lack of direct contact with role models. These situations affect them strongly and are their reality, but all of them do not have a great depressive worry for these young women nowadays. They, apart from their situation, focus on the same things that young girls around the world care about. Finding true love in a man with good friends you can rely on, gaining some respect / love and responsibility towards your parents and enjoying life. It was this film that crosses the race, age and gender difference imposed by its characters and where they are stamped. <br /> <br /> The director and writer McKay explains on DVD how each scene came to the head, observing only the youngsters of that age who lived in those types of neighborhoods. In addition, add three actresses who come and who are not so far away from their time in their lives to get a real good synergy of reality and get the most out of it. The only thing I know (African-American and Hispanic) is that there is always a member of the spiritual family or a neighbor who is in the foreground or near the ground, believing in a better day and a better life and future , despite the current situation and the role of modeling to some extent. This has never been touched in the film to preach and understand this, but also narrows the culture to have no hope in anything but themselves. <br /> <br /> SPEAKER FACTOR: Now I'm thinking about my future and where I came from and say that Lanisha did "Today is a good day." Yes, there is still poverty, racism, sexism and every other thing we can add. Yes, some of these actions of the young girls perpetuate the scars and are self-destructive, everything around them is impoverished, but Nothing of those past or present actions, nor their environment leaves them hopeless for a bright future. I was left with a sad hope of each character and a deeper desire to be a model role in the life of a young girl at the edge of making a destructive decision. I suppose it is the value of the film, not only that you should have fun, but challenge each of us to think, reflect, and then act in a positive way to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
