"One day, we will go in the rays of a beautiful sun. One day, when the world is much brighter" - 5 Steirsteps "Ooh Child" drug gangs or violence in a hip-hop soundtrack. Movies about the daily problems of ordinary teenagers in the inner city are hard to find, yet there is an undiscovered jewel I would like to recommend. Our song, by Jim McKay, is about three Crown Heights girls in Brooklyn who find that their high school will be shut down for asbestos removal and have to decide on their future direction, one that could involve their different travels. The story is told from the point of view of a 15-year-old, not an adult recalling the past as most of the age-old films. By avoiding compulsory street slang and excessive use of the words F, it offers an honest and loving portrait of three friends at a crossroads in their lives. Girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in the second year of study at the local high school. They are active members of Stepper Jackie Robinson, a real-life marching band, whose rehearsals for Labor Day's parade offer discipline and purpose to their lives. Similar to George Washington's David Gordon Green, but less stylized, the film features some black and unprofessional Latino actors with Kerry Washington in standout. While the shows have some amateur moments, I became so involved in the story I forgot that the girls are even acting. Maria, whose father is in prison, learned that she was in charge of Terrell, a local student. She wants to have her baby, despite being only 15 years old and knows that Terrell probably will not be of much help. Joycelyn works in a clothing store, but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very tough scene in her bedroom, she pretends to talk to her fans, then she lies in bed to recite one of her poems. She is close to Lanisha and Maria at first, but she moves away to make friends outside of the neighborhood. None of the girls get much support at home and Mary is too afraid to tell the mother about her baby. However, single mothers are not typical beatings or alcoholic beats. They are warm and loving parents whose time with their children is limited due to the pressure of family support. <br /> <br /> Lanishe's parents are divorced, but they are able to visit their father, a portrait in a luxury apartment building and talk about music. Her mother is quiet when Lanisha finds out that a friend in the neighborhood has committed suicide, a melodramatic plot in an otherwise realistic film. As the summer goes down, the girls move away and each one decides on another course. There are not great dramatic moments, however, only the sad recognition of the inevitability of change. Although we are not blind about the frustrations that await them, we identify with their hopes and dreams, without dealing with the negative. Our song is a satisfying emotional film about growing up in projects that refuse to see life in any other way than possible.
