When you start watching this animation masterpiece, you quickly see it as a European production. Although Europeans have (unfortunately) integrated some of the clichés that you would normally find in such an American production, most of them are lacking. One of these is that there is an overwhelming evil that only our heroes (very few and very unlikely) can defeat. Another is that one of the group is just in business for money, it is greedy, it runs when the heat is up, but somehow it gives its better nature. This movie would have been better without both. The film is based on a TV series that was outside four years before the film. Unlike the movie, the TV series is a cartoon and not a computer animation. At first I thought the computer would kill the charm and character of the plot, but I was immediately convinced: who did the animation knew his or her stuff! Although the characters are obviously fictitious (in photos, they do not seem to be real), they seem to be so vivid and sentient as the audience following their search. Making characters that, according to "normal" standards, could be considered deformed (those micro-feet could never carry that giant body, not to mention jumping), so lively and loving is more than "just a climax"! The creation of the world is another masterpiece. Not so much because of its appearance, but because of its inventiveness. The world our heroes travel is not solid like ours, but is made of several pieces of earth varying in shape and size that seem to float in the middle of the air. When a person is headed for a smaller piece of land, he nods a little, as if he were bent on weight. In some cases, up and down is no longer applicable, but our heroes still manage to get a place somewhere. Although the world of floating islands is completely surreal, this movie is absolutely credible and after a short period of time it does not seem to be more cumbersome than to run in a car somewhere in New York. I wrote that the appearance of the world is not as stunning as the idea. As true as it may be in my mind, the quality of the world, the characters and the attention to detail are amazing. Although the faces of the characters have relatively few attributes, emotions can be read as clearly as Sean Connery or Dustin Hoffman. The world around the characters is marvelously colored and neither the two settings are identical. The background is always on the move, something is always happening, which makes the world seem even more vivid. If you stop the movie and look at the background, you will be surprised how many details you can find. Hector's existence actually puts the cherries up. Hector is a small thing (perhaps the equivalent of a dog in our world), which is extremely fun and extremely funny. Although he is not really important for the main plot, he would have missed Scrat's in the ice age. The very interesting thing about Hector is that you have to talk to Gibberish to understand it. If the movie is so great, why did not I give it 10 stars? Well, the plot itself was pretty thin. Two hunters are sent to save the world from a really bad dragon who wants to swallow the world, it's not really original. This would not be a problem in itself. What I missed was the background information. What kind of dragon was it and why did it look like that? I love mythical stories, but if they become too thin, they seem to be written after the film is finished in a poor attempt to give everything something deep. Another thing I did not like was Zoe. Although a little girl like her could be considered adorable, she was somewhat a pain in this film. He seemed quite resilient to all kinds of learning about reality, seemed to dream of a hero in a story and basically slowed down the others. It would have been better if it had grown a little more and a little earlier in the movie - or it would have been less a little girl to start. For me, the idea of ​​this girl who was there to overturn the story a bit bad in front of the writers. On the whole, this is a great movie for almost all ages.
