My three-year-old boy loved her. I liked it, my wife loved it. So 10 out of 10 in our family. In terms of violence levels? Not really violent, mostly stick stick. No one really dies, no gore, no blood, no torture, so it's definitely right for kids, much more than many cartoons on Saturday morning. This movie really has the idea of ​​CG movies where you should go. First of all, beautiful graphics, textures made wonderful, really deep, that do not try to be realistic, but form an artistic whole. Moss on rocks, rust on metal, reliefs on wood and stone, everything is added to the whole. Modeling characters, unlike many contemporary CG films, is strange, not cute, again in an artistic whole. Faces may look less malleable than other films, but the characters are more like dolls than humans. I think it's a good thing, it gives truth, how weird it sounds, it's easier to stop your unbelief. Hair, fur, clothing, and at least those with Pixar. Remember only in the opening scenes when Lian-Chu is struggling with the huge giant; Gwizdo is in front of a few farmers and they all have detailed clothing that made me interrupt the movie just to admire them. Beyond such as Cars, and even the Wall? E. Space has been done many times, but the fantastic area of ​​dragon hunters is only comparable to some scenes from Never Ending Story and Lord of the Rings, but again it is an artistic whole and many good ideas thrown effortlessly. Magnificent spectacles such as the Monsters Inc. scene where all the doors walk through its warehouse, or Wall-E where we see the huge garbage towers he has made, abounding in this film, everything is great, but never lived; it's just the background all the way! The interlude in which he walks through the area with fantastic falls. The Chinese wall, the islands float in the sky. Broccoli in the sky? This is really where I think CG should go, do something to breathe away, and do it again and again. The sound is good, the music is varied and not only epic, and, fortunately, without any voice, and purely original to the film. The animation is pretty good. Loan inspiration for cartoons, especially good use of stretch and squeeze. Sometimes it's not realistic, but 3D models are not realistic. Characterization is well done too. Lian-Chu, the gentle and uncertain giant gradually grows, trusting little Zoe's attention. Gwizdo, Lian-Chu's manager, eventually redeems, while Zoe does not really change at all, but who wants that child to change anyway? I loved at least Lian-Chu more than any other recent character since Sulley in Monsters Inc. The internal conflict in the group is reinforced by external pressures, as it should in a fantastic story. The story mostly resembles the story of Never Ending Story, especially as the world stops. Monsters are quite standard, except for those who face. It lacks the emotional impact of Wall E, which is the extremely powerful point of the movie, but it is a much fun ride and does not have the annoying musical scene resumed in the first and takes action from the first scene. This movie is what you want to watch for a fun and exciting time. The entire film has, as I mentioned, a whole vision, which seems to have been followed rigorously throughout the year. <br /> <br /> <br /> It seems that the setting is ready for more adventures and I would have hoped so. A note from one side, the French actor who makes Lian-Chu sounded a little like Jean Reno in the first place, but I'm happy he was not him, though he's one of my favorites. I'm glad to hear a new voice. We gave a maximum rating, somewhat surprised by the mediocre and low ratings of some; I have tried to address some of the concerns of the two most voted reviews. Take this film as an adventure and as a European film, not opposed to Hollywood, but differently.
