My first impression is that this is Beowulf only with all the good bits of battle against Grendel and the inconvenient dragons, making her an emotional ride from start to finish. Written by Frederic Lanoir and Arthur Qwak, the two created a fantastic landscape that becomes a character in itself in their story, with its ever changing environment consisting of small spheres of floating land that can be either meadows or globes story. The story is a simple one that tells of a land that is spinning in anticipation of an unwanted visit of the powerful dragon to rob and destroy, and the living knights were, however, annihilated. Get in the niece of King Zoe (Marie Drion), who gathers Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a huge, huge, but really gentle giant, and his cunning partner, Gwizdo (Patrick Timsit), cunning brain. Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (along with their pet creatures that proudly breathe incipient fires) share a common dream of owning farmland and spending idle days keeping their farm animals retired, but to do this is the requirement to be financially, therefore, their career in monster-extermination, which does not return exactly. <br /> <br /> This is basically what it is, but what makes this movie a show is CG graphics, which is solid rich, detailed and wonderful to look at. It has some well-done, wonderfully created pieces of action that have been carefully designed to attract you into the thick of action, and during those battles, it is a tedious moment. The photorealistic moments of the non-existent landscapes make you aside the fantasy of the faith to do, and it is easy to be frightened by the landscape that goes beyond the usual three suns and a flying kaleidoscope flying (here you have George!) we could not get the final battle quite well, although ordinary brick bats will find fault with the indestructibility of the main characters. I think this movie has opened my eyes that there are many computerized animation companies around the world that have a quality product to match Pixar's. And this is certainly a movie that local Zodiac filmmakers: The race begins and the Sea Legend can learn from? to keep the story in a simple way and to let your artwork on the move do all it can. Definitely highly recommended!
