Initially, I would have thought that the Sunshine Secret had some criticism to say about religion (and here being Christianity) and wondered if there was anything to laugh at the evil of blind faith or the manipulative power of those who are supposed to be more than you. Surprisingly, it was not so great and it was not largely unjust, it set events as a matter of fact and allowed the audience to draw their own judgment and conclusion. And I can not but chant the role of Song Kang-ho, a man who enjoyed the widow Shin-ae (Jeong Do-yeon) and begins to go to church when he does. The reasons for going to the church are many that they assume, either to find inner peace, to seek help, to be afraid of eternal condemnation in the fires of hell, to reaffirm faith or even to do things such as the desire to marry in church or chase (I did not put you). But each of its own reasons to return to the church every Sunday and to participate in prayer groups for fellowship, which is really dangerous, when the underlying motives are at the base, you are not satisfied, and when frustration occurs . a hypocritical man can be, portraying a face inside God's house and pointing out yet another. Shin-ae and her son Jun moved to Miryang, the birthplace of her deceased husband. Wanting to start life again, she opens a piano store to give lessons, although in discovering her new freedom found in an instant lack of good judgment she has another tragedy with her. And this takes an hour to get to. Secret Sunshine really made time to get to this point, where things are becoming a little more interesting, while Shin-ae is heading towards adopting religion to deal with and accept its current state, enjoying comfort on which religion and believers can offer. What began to cry for sympathy turns into acceptance and belief that religion offers that silver bullet to solve the evil of all mankind and sometimes you wonder if it is because of your personal myopic vision of what makes the Almighty for you, adopt a slightly selfish opinion that everything is going well and, in the case of Shin-ae, her great attitude in the desire to forgive others who have violated her, forgetting something very fundamental feeling can cut both. The last act is probably the most fun part of the batch, as it is said very much, where most of us can identify - why me and why not someone else, as we steal our faith and start asking, unfortunately without strong and fast responses available. Then, either fall down the road or continue with so destructive destructive deeds. But, in a way, the plug gets carefully pulled into the secret of the sun so that it does not get hurt, and what could have been an ugly story, has become silent. If you bump into hype this movie generates, then you may realize that only Jeong Do-yeon's excellent portrayal deserves to be mentioned, because she fully owns her role as widow Shin-ae, who is probably the most unhappy person on Earth in experiencing many tragedies in a short period of time, and if you look at it carefully, most of it being by itself. Following her transformation, she deserves the price of the ticket, and despite the fact that the film was my favorite Korean character, Song Kang-ho, this is something she has just defeated.
