The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) is the actors. Jeon Do-yeon, as the main character, Lee Shin-ae is a woman with a son whose husband died in a tragic accident and who leaves Seoul to live in Miryang, his hometown with her son little . Jeon's face is very changeable. She is a garland, flirtatious, elegant, elderly and sad, desperate and joyful, with her and extremely isolated from her turn, and she is still in front of her. The film also calls Song Kang-ho as Kim, a man who meets her when the car breaks down in Miryang, who is going to run a garage in the city and who follows it all the time, despite his apparent lack of interest in his attention. Song is the biggest star in Korea right now, renowned for his work with Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho (Memorial of Murder and The Host). And yet here plays a casting character, almost a forgotten man. But, of course, it makes it interesting and curiously attractive. He is the essential ballast to keep Jeon's character floating away. Lee Shin-ae is a piano teacher. She comes to the new city, a neutral place, a kind of poor city's Seoul, a city "like anywhere else," as Kim says (as is the way anyone else). Her boyfriend is scary, as are the little boys, but clearly injured and retired at times. His father used to snore, and when he missed, he slept, pretending to snore. He goes to school, and Shin-ae meets with parents, students and merchants. There is a sense of place in the movie, even if the place is in a "everywhere" way. People speak in the local dialect, and everyone knows everything, and the origin of Seoul from Shin-a is immediately noticed. Is life really harsher here, away from the big city and its sophistication? Shin-ae does not seem to realize the danger they are in. Something terrible happens. And Shin-ae does not necessarily handle it in the best possible way. But it happens and has to deal with the consequences. But he can not. She goes to pieces. An offender is caught, but that's not consolation. Eventually, she becomes so desperate, takes revenge, and goes to a newly-born Christian meeting, an acquaintance that makes her present. She finds peace and liberation with that. But when he decides not to forgive the perpetrator, but to go to prison to say so, this experience is filled with irony and destroys it again. She becomes agitated and desperate and finds no more consolation in religion. And it gets worse than that. Jeon Do-yeon offers it all in this highly demanding and protein role. Lee Chang-dong can be a very good director. If a striking actor of Song Kang-ho expresses his enormous admiration for him, he is convincing. According to Scott Foundas of LA Weekly, Lee's first three films, Green Fish (1997), Candy Mint (2000) and Oasis (2002) marked him as "one of the most important figures of his country's recent cinematic Renaissance." But this is not as successful a movie as those of other Korean directors whose works I have seen, such as Sang Yong-Soo, Bong Joon-ho, and the prodigious, almost perverse Chan-wook Park. It can really begin, as Foundas says as a kind of "Asian Alice does not live here anymore" and then "suddenly and without warning" turns into "something of a thriller, and for some time afterwards a close study Bressonian in human suffering. "But this progression not only seems to be electrifying and indigestible, the film scratches and loses its impulse to the end, and then it squeezes without any end, there are also shortcomings in action." Shin-ae has unwise chances with her son and making bad choices throughout her life. If she's destined for madness like Betty in Betty Blue's Jean-Jacques Beineix, who might explain her specific and wrong choices, it's not something that's being developed properly. This is an exciting film, certainly a worrying one, but one that leaves one doubtful and unhappy after putting one through an emotional salon. An official selection of the New York Film Festival presented at Lincoln Center, 2007 - an event that has been made by Korean directors lately.
