Corean cinema can be quite surprising for a Western audience, thanks to the multitude of tones and genres you can find in the same movie. In a Coreen drama such as this "Secret Sunshine," you'll find some comic pieces, thriller scenes and romantic moments. "It's not just a tragedy in life, it's also a tragic comedy," says Song Kang-ho's character, summing up the mix of the picture. But do not misunderstand me, this heterogeneity of the genres with which the film deals, adds the truthfulness of the experience that this film gives to the audience. That does not mean she lacks the unity: on the contrary, it's rare to see such a dense and deep portrait of a woman in pain. Shin-ae, who seeks a quiet life with her son in her late husband's hometown, truly gives in all the different faces of suffering that she is going through, unity to this film. The realistic part is erased from the psychological descriptions of all the phases of the poor mother. Refusal, loss, anger, belief, pert of reality: The film escapes all the steps the character traverses and looks like a psychological catalog of all the stages of suffering a woman may have. The only thing is to accept what might seem like a conceptual experience (the woman wears the mask of tragedy, man is the comic interlude) and let the fireworks of the film reach you. I have to say that certain parts of the film have really moved (especially at the beginning), especially those linked to Chang Joan's inability to really help the one he loves, but also that the accumulation of suffering I was emotionally tired to the end. However, some cinematic ideas are truly amazing and surprising (the scene in which a body is discovered in a big blow is, for example, amazing). This kind of scenes makes "Secret Sunshine" the equivalent of Melo for "The Host" for horror movies or "Thriller Awaken Memories". These films are really surprising, more original, more aesthetically incredible and manage to offer another dimension to the genres they are facing. The only thing that "Secret Sunshine" looks like, the "host" forgotten to be frightening, is to make the audience cry: a bad point for a melodrama but a good point for a good movie.
