Secret Sunshine marks the return of director Lee Changdong to the film world after an absence for many years. Having three critically acclaimed films already under the belt, he now recruits veteran Jeon Doyeon and his considerable talent (Cannes) for Lee Shinae's lead role. What follows is a journey through the tragedy of a woman and an exploration of her coping mechanisms. One thing that becomes apparent while looking at Secret Sunshine is that it does not take great care to follow a certain gender, but rather acquires gender features when it is necessary to convey what it is trying to convey. The story itself follows Lee Shinae as he moves with his son in the city of Milyang (whose Sino-Korean translates to Secret Sunshine). She moves to Milyang after her husband's death because he was his hometown, so the film is born of tragedy. And you think things might get better when you open up a piano shop and meet a little bit of a typical Jongchan mechanic buzzard (played by Song Kangho). But this is not a romantic comedy. As we (and Jongchan, doggedly) follow Shinae as she meets Milyang and the fate she has for her, the cracks in her armor become quickly apparent. She is a disturbing woman who tries to understand her power to defeat the tragedy and we forget when she finds it is not enough. The Sunshine Secret manages to continue to follow an aristotelian theoretical arc but pulls back on catharsis, which could confuse some viewers, especially the end, but the Romanian symbolism present in Milyang's name, the discussions about the sun and the images used in the movie very well you left me happy, once I started thinking about the movie more. <br /> <br /> Jeon is quite impressive, especially considering that if the role would have been less well played, it would soon have turned into a rather painful melodrama but it captures the nuances Shinae's attempts to deal with losses with a layer of subtlety. Mister. Song has a much smaller role in this film than other movies, but it performs properly, providing Jeon with a suitable scene. From a technical point of view, the movie is well done in a classic sense. A flashy aesthetics is not used - the director is clearly trying to let the story go. I think my only real complaint and one that could not have been solved is that, despite all the time with Shinae, there is a small distance between Shinae and the public (or at least myself). I believe that part of this is due to the nature of the work, because if it would push total empathy then we could not see the problems that Shinae had objectively. On the other hand, I have never felt moved with Shinae's situation, despite many tears and increasingly unclear behavior. Still, the film is still impressive, especially because it has stimulated me to think about it, its meaning, and its rumors of tragedy, overwhelming, self-deception, isolation, and faith that I have stayed well after the credits finished. Driven by strong lead performance, I have not honestly observed her run time of 2.25 hours. And that says something. Very good. 8/10.
