Secret Sunshine (2007) is renowned for his 2007 Cannes Film Awards and other film festivals. Jeon-Do Yeon, who played the new widow Shin-ae, won the best actress trophy at the 60th Cannes festival. Secret Sunshine also won the best feature film, and Jeon-Do Yeon received Best Screenwriter from the Asia Pacific. In addition, this film won the best film awards in almost all Korean film festivals. Written and directed letter, uniquely photographed, Secret Sunshine expressed hope and salvation that can be found when life is painful because of the continuing tragedy. This film also spoke about the forgiveness of God and people. Lee Chang Dong, director and writer of this film, said in an interview: "In a vast sense, I wanted to express what love is and this movie could be a melodrama in a sense. we can talk about hope and salvation. " Lee admitted that Secret Sunshine had no apparent genes. This film is not a film about religion, but it has attracted the attention of many Christians in Korea because there were many Christian elements in the film. The turning point in Secret Sunshine comes when Jun, Shin'a, is kidnapped and killed. The kidnapper asks for money because he assumes that, since he can buy land, he must be rich. Her lie causes a lot of pain. Shin-ae becomes a church and wants to forgive the killer. She decides to visit his son's murderer in jail and forgive him. Jong-chan, Shin-ae's friend, says, "Just forgive yourself in your heart. Do you have to go to jail?" Her church fathers cheer him up and say they will pray for her. Her pastor agrees with what she wants to do. This is a sad moment because it is too early for her to take action. The result of meeting the killer is another turning point in Shin-ae's life. The killer says with a quiet smile that he has already been forgiven by God. This sparks anger in her face to God. She says, "How could you forgive man before forgiving?" <br /> <br /> She begins to fight against God. He looks into heaven and says, "I will not lose you." She becomes a trap, her heart is a trap and her hands are chains. He is bitter than death. She gets mad and crazy and is sent to a hospital of mind. The day Shin-ae is released from the hospital, she goes to a cosmetics store and sees a known face. The daughter of her son's murderer works in the store and cuts her hair. The murderer's daughter helped kidnap Shin-ae's son. While cutting Shin-ae's hair, the protagonist does not understand what's going on and gets out of the store fast. It's difficult not to talk about Jong-chan in the movie. Jong-chan does everything he can to be with Shin-ae. Although Shin-ae does not care about him at all, he's with her all the time. Shin is leaving the church quickly, but Jong-chan, who began attending the church because of Shin-ae, stays there because he feels peace with God. Lee Chang-dong, director of Sunshine Secret, says that Jong-chan is like Milyang (the secret sun), rural town or vice versa. He seems to be "too laic and frivolous, but he is always two steps behind and takes care of it. Milyang is like him." Mister. Lee adds: "Someone joked that Jong-chan might be an angel. I think he might be the angel, who knows we can not say for sure that there is no angel." If there is a person like Jong-chan who accompanies forever the breath and the return of his lover, we can defend against the defeated. Shin-e's life is full of meaninglessness. Her husband died after cheating her and her only son was cruelly murdered by a murderer after she moved to her husband's hometown. And her soul was destroyed because she taught Christianity in the wrong way and that makes her crazy, literally. It's too easy to say that her life is full of meaninglessness. Does she still have hope in her life? Can she find meaning in her life? The final scene gives us hope. Shin-ae tries to cut her own hair: we go our way alone. She, however, realizes that it's hard to do it alone and we know we can not do it all by ourselves. We see that Jong-chan holds the mirror for her as she cuts her hair. That's her hope. She has Jong-chan next to her and is willing to help her in any situation she is. As I mentioned earlier, Jong-chan is like an angel for her. If we feel that an angel is always behind and behind us, we can find joy in life, even if we face adversity in our lives. <br /> <br /> The Sunshine Secret has been a hot topic of conversation in Korea. It's like the Da Vinci Code. While the Da Vinci Code helps us to discuss the history of the early church, Secret Sunshine urges us to deal with the disorder of life and to find meaning when life seems unbearable. With a superficial interpretation of the film, people misunderstand Christianity and its theology. With a deeper interpretation, this movie will help us see the surface. Some people say they have renounced the church worship service after watching Secret Sunshine, and Lee Chang-dong responds by saying: "They were already anti-Christ before watching this movie. Secret Sunshine is a life story of a women and we can interpret our life through Shin-ae's life.
