Lee Chang-dong's "Sunshine Secret" is the most widespread emotional experience of the year. It's a bold, honest piece of boldness with the reverberations of loss and a graceful, meticulous reminder that resonates with a striking density of thought, but it remains as insatiable as the emotions it notices. Through its layered naturalism and through the extraordinary vision of the small areas of the city, Lee implicitly deconstructs the traditional Korean melodrama by kinematically removing the excess and breaking through the throwing of the arcs that model their characters and motivates the procedures in a crushing beam of Stoic realism. <br /> <br /> "Secret Sunshine" remains an extremely compelling and fluid operation throughout the 142-minute execution time. His first hour of bravery is filled to the edge with subtextal insinuations, remarkable predictions and reversals of the tone of humanistic capriciosity. Adapted from a short story, Lee infuses the film with its sensitivity to the sublime paradoxes of life, last seen in its transversal comic and irrational "Oasis". Understanding how personal revolutions are transformed when the views of our universe change, Lee not only sees the emotional cataclysm of the widow's sadness, but also feels the tumultuous currents of the tumultuous underlying the film when religion becomes a narrative scapegoat in understanding the heinousness of human experience . Doon Yeon's ("You're My Sun") Cannes's best actress in 2007 is well worth it. Her performance as a widow Shin-ae remains an incessant enigma. As a character pulled apart by forces beyond its control, the magnificent magnificence of this performance is essential to the turbulent nature of the film. When Jeon fails a cyclical revolution after another, there is a trembling feeling of collapse that the film, to his credit, never comes near. Instead, he finds a delicate balance that weakens the charged theatricality and the subsequent banality from the usual tragedies and from it. It becomes the center of the film universe, as well as ours. Filmed in a glorious cinematic film, the film demolishes the cinematicism of the frames and compositions becoming acutely visible, as hard as the camera does not abandon Shin-ae's eyes through moments of happiness, remorse and remorse. > <br /> Lee captures the details of life in the small town suspected of Miryang? the embarrassment of communal situations, uncomfortable silences and devastation have returned from personal dramas. Shin-ae's interactions with locals rarely inspire dividends, especially when they are only made up of the obligation to fit in the name of her son, Jun (Seon Jung-yeop). The recurring knowledge is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a licensed mechanic of unsafe intentions, who helps her on the way to Miryang in the open, delightful sequence of the film, set in a fascinating stream of sunlight. Song depicted itself as a comedy anti-hero in the biggest films in South Korea, but its tedious, low-value delivery supports the director's thinking of not having to reveal more than it is absolutely necessary. ephemeral, then the pain can not really dissipate. And Lee finds complexity in subsistence. When Shin-ae tries to move on the path of reconciliation just to confront an unimaginable heart again, she tries unsuccessfully to share Evangelical Christianity as a foil for her pain. But Lee knows better when he realizes that religion, in the context of the human battlefield and misery, is never a simple solution. But Lee never distorts the essence of religion when it realizes the value of salvation for some by higher power, even if it serves a form of denial to others. The scenes in his second half, dealing with religion, are not allowed to become aggressively despicable, which is a thing in themselves, considering how many film factors have left the impulse of the material to take on what it takes tells to be true in his story and characters. Lee's first film since his inauguration as a minister of culture and tourism in his country is a uncompromising dissertation on human suffering. In such an artistic and authentic film, he showed fiercely that nothing is as simple as emotional catharsis, but merely suppressing and reducing agony. The "Sunshine Secret" leaves us daringly mercilessly out of favor and indicates a deep understanding of despair and faith.
