I did not intend to write this review, but after reading the default review that appears on this movie's URL, I felt compelled to write a rejection. The film in one word is superlative. It does not deserve the slanderous review the writer wrote. I think the writer has completely lost the point of view of the film. In fact, I have also been stopped by the excessive show of evangelical devotion that has largely occupied the middle of the film. However, I must have to differ with the reviewer in that, ultimately, this film is not a propaganda piece for evangelical action. I think what the director has shown is that how religion is not enough to find all the answers, how religion is largely incapable of providing answers to basic, simple questions that one might ask and which what religion has to offer is simply banality of one way or another. This does not prove a value judgment on religion, because we must remember that religion is transmuted and expressed by ordinary people, to a great extent understood, by good people, and usually do not have a monopoly on the truth, and Consequently, religion can not ultimately provide some questions in life. Ultimately, it is a matter of faith. You have to take the faith, and that's all. And if you are given faith, then you can appreciate any show of faith. And if you are not given faith, then any manifestation of faith is tedious. Thus, it is instructive to note the reviewer's reaction to the film. In any case, the director tells us that we can choose not to accept religious interpretation of events and answers to questions and, despite the fact that life goes on and there is "sunlight" in this world that awaits all injured souls, no matter what their orientation religious. And this is just the central message of the movie! Take note of the latest scene of the movie if you do not get it! Ultimately, the movie is an extraordinary and very challenging one and confronts you - the spectator with questions you have to answer yourself. Thus, it is a work of art that challenges you personally. I agree with the reviewer that the evangelical stuff was too much. However, given the above interpretation of religion, as shown in the film, do I think the director is trying to balance the act by which he can not be called an evangelist? Basher! Actor Kang-ho Song was great as always. It's so balanced and perfect that it's amazing. My Korean actor is no doubt a favorite. I know that actress Do-yeon Jeon received the Cannes Award for Best Actress for this film. However, I have not found any specialty in her acting. Apparently, in order to get awards, you just have to act really convincing in crying and hysterical scenes and all? All in all a great movie. If you do not like it? look again and see if you get it! If it leaves you unhappy or uncomfortable or ask questions, then think about it if that was not what the director really is about in this first film!
