I like Korean movies because they have the ability to really capture real life (quiet eerily). I tend to watch Korean films just for this reason. I've seen other directors in other movies. The one who comes closest to the feelings we've got from this is Oasis and another great movie called This Charming Girl. However, the summary of my title should be from a Chrstian perspective, so I will just start doing this instead of taking it with praise. For a non-Christian perspective, director Chang-dong Lee captured a real and imposing portrayal of a modern Protestant church (regardless of denomination) and all. I have always waited for a Christian film that truly portrays the darker heights of church life. Because Christian films tend to speak in a language different from what they want to share their faith. Many movies with religious subtleties, although good reasons, tend to just resonate with a Disney movie or after a special school. It has to show life as it is. The people who are really cursed, the real appetites of men, the true men fall. And although Christians believe that salvation is available to those who seek it, we are still provoked by the everyday horrors of this life. And the character of Doon Jeon is a totally honest and almost brutal portrait of a woman who found God, but because of the bitter realities of life, she loses that love she once had. It does not deny the existence of God. Only she refuses to accept living with the idea that He is a loving and forgiving God. In her decent to the brink of morality and madness, her character puts questions that are in everyone's mind, religious or not. "If God is Love, why does He allow such terrible things?" This movie does not respond to this, rightly so. And I think the last 10 minutes of the film, although open to interpretation, leave us with a hopeful future for our main character and bringing the idea of ​​"secret sunlight" into the circle. <br /> <br /> I do not think for a moment that this movie tried to be religious or tried and tried in any way and decided to be so. There lies the reason why it worked even more. It's real, it's honest. And for this reason, it is by far the best summary of a real Christian life that I have seen in the film.
