The first time that I and my best friend went to watch this movie, we track him for Alex Winter on Bill & Ted's fame. I did not know what to expect but who and what it was. When the movie was over, I knew it was love at first glance. This film, though not completely historical, has been and is the best of its kind. I have seen other films describing the history of this famous summers and in my opinion, none of the others can compare. It had a certain detail, but those parts did not depart from the elegance and romance of the story. I have seen the other movies about this summer and I find most of them as good, but none is as exciting as this one. "Summer Haunted" has the qualities of a painting. Colors and settings appear to be something on a canvas, framed and hung in a museum or on the walls of an eccentric house. The costumes were gorgeous and, despite the fact that they were not the most comfortable clothes in the world, they made me want to find a seamstress to create such clothing for me. The whole film was placed on the picturesque Lake Geneva (where I hope to go one day because of this film) and the serenity that these historical figures find there. This film shows, besides the silence found by all escapes in the harsh judgments of England, the strangeness that surrounds this adventure. Yes, there were drugs. It was a pretty common practice at that time, a period when drugs were not illegal. And taking laudanum (the liquid form of opium) was both medicative and recreational. Shelley suffered from consumption. Lord Byron suffered the pains of a club foot. It was not surprising that there were prescriptions of the powerful medicines they had in their possession during the summer. And they were poets at a time when the experience was the key. There was no time for prudent caution. Passion and experience represented much of the romantic era. And from the thoughts and debates of science, religion and philosophy came the creation of a legend: "Frankenstein". Yes, in this film we see beautiful and released Mary Godwin (unmarried with Shelley at that time) played by beautiful and talented Alice Krige. It is the controlling factor for everything that happens until she also gives you experience. But she supports her land and experiences things in her terms. Just as was the strength she inherited from her mother and father. The actors and actresses in this movie were perfect for the plays they played. The right music. Direction captured summer essence, as I read about it. This movie is based on an awesome book "Summer Haunted" by Anne Edwards. If you like this movie, read the book. The author tells what she has managed to get from Mary Godwin Shelley's current diaries and other participants in this story. If you are a person who loves history (even small inaccuracies from time to time) and romance and gothic, then this is a movie for you. It shows the birth of the monster, who even today teaches us about morality "play God". A definition must see the movie!
