This free adaptation of Clarence Mulford's novels; Willaim Boyd movie fans will probably feel a bit at sea here (and the comments here reflect so far). But I first knew about Hopalong in the novels, and I never cared much about Boyd once I got to them. Christopher Coppola made a wise choice - he did not make a "Western" nostalgia; Instead, he approached Cassidy's story as a slice of what we called the "American"; or what old criticism they once called "homepun". As the movie unfolded, I woke up more and remembered Mark Twain's "Hallmark Theater", "Roughing It," with James Garner telling. Both films remind us that, about the ancient West, they are probably always myths for Americans, they must not be "Westerners"; they can very well be just movies about what it means to be American at the time, in that place. I never feel lost, watching this movie; there is no effort to push Boyd-Cassidy's legacy into the throat, without irony, without a camp. Consequently, I felt that these characters walked - or ride - on a certain American vest that I could have walked about a hundred years ago. Considering that the simplicity of the film - positively avoids what we have come to call "style" - is in its favor; and the clear act of the interpreters fits perfectly with this; God, it really feels like a story told about a campfire on a beef path - without visual dressing, just strange and good humor - and sudden violence - that we expect from a good story of a thread venture. I was very pleasantly surprised by this movie, and if the viewer expects your expectations, you would have liked it a lot. I would have given this 9-star movie, but I'll give it a tenth just because most commentators here have lost the full point; and I urged them to put Boyd's memories aside and give this film another chance. Note 1: A commentator complained that Hopalong is shooting dead people in this film, rather than pulling the weapons out of their hands (Cassidy of Boyd); First, Cassidy shot dead in novels; Secondly, if Cassidy were a real cowboy, dead people would be shot - the problem of pulling weapons out of the hands of people is that they can always get another weapon - which happens to be part of the subject of this film. <br /> <br /> Note 2: I admit that I am jealous of the Coppola family, that they have the director of the "Nose" among them that can offer them all the possibilities to make movies they can not do; but a good movie is a good movie; and this is a good movie. If it is someone with the name "Coppola", well, that's right. America is the country of opportunity (or it was until Bush came in) - that's what the great American novels are all about.
