Paul Verhoeven has one of the strangest works of a major director: he started making artistic films in his native Netherlands before moving to Hollywood where he started making subversive genres, often regarded as simple fun of the hand mainstream. The fourth man of 1983 was the last film he made before moving to the US and seems to have been a transition film for him. From the beginning of the fourth man, it is clear that the film will be seen from the famous, though impoverished author, Gerard. In an apparent homage to Carol Reed's film, named The Third Man in 1949, the film begins with an author making a trip to talk to a lot of literature enthusiasts. But the similarities are over, however, because Gerard does not face major complications before reaching the meeting room and the discourse itself works quite well. Despite the relative ease with which he completes this function we know that the author is somewhat troubled because he has realistic fantasies about killing his roommate before leaving his home and also has a surreal fantasy that involves a hotel he sees published and a detached eye rising from a door window. That he sometimes has trouble keeping his fantasies separate from reality is all the more plain when an anecdote says he is exposed as untrue and admits that he "lies" the truth until he no longer knows whether something has done or no It does not happen. <br /> <br /> The fourth man is full of surreal fantasies and dreams, which are all the more worrying, because it is very easy to see how it relates to the events that we have seen and the fact that sometimes prefigures events that have not yet occurred. Between the efficacy of Verhoeven's unrealistic sequences and Verhoeven's careful style of editing, this movie turns into the most atmospheric film in this part of the movie "Do not Look At Now" and, like the movie, it is full of ambiguities. Unlike this film, the Fourth Man is also fun, because Gerard's profoundly Gerard's Catholic beliefs take advantage of every aspect of his life, including sexuality. He naturally associates a female hair stylist whom he knows intimately with the Bible Delilah, although he fears that he will remove a more important symbol of masculinity with her scissors. In a sequence of erotic fantasy that would make Luis Buñuel shy, he replaces a man who is attracted to a statue of Christ's size on the cross. The Fourth Man is a horror film that manages to bring the spectator into the protagonist's mind, while maintaining a certain ambiguity: certainly Gerard appears to be in danger, but it can be more than "lie to the truth." The film is also full of subtle and not subtle visual symbols that help make it a unique and satisfying cinematic experience.
