Watching MAN'S MAN (aka MAN PATRU) is a little disturbing and fascinating experience. It is a very intense and intense psychological mystery / thriller from the Dutchman Paul Verhoeven. He directed this film just before being great with the "Free Hollywood Ticket" - FLESH + BLOOD. In many user reviews on this site I noticed Alfred Hitchcock's mention. Indeed, this movie might well be Hitchcockian, but I also noticed the touches of early Cronenberg (visceral), David Lynch's (visual surrealistic stories), and even Roman Polanski (plot-wise set-up) . It's funny that the director's films I was thinking about while watching THE MAN'S MAN are not made until after 1983, the year of the release of the fourth man. So, go to the figure. Very much credit, really must be given to the story of the original novel by Gerard Reve this film is based on. Gerard Reve is also the fictional name of the main character (a tormented writer, interpreted by Jeroen Krabbé, balanced on the dangerous line of severe psychosis). Now, someone stopped and thought the word "rêve" is French for "dream"? And the movie has a lot of dream / nightmare sequences, often to such an extent that you do not always know for sure whether Gerard is awake or dreaming alone. Could it be a coincidence ...? Maybe it's just me, but I do not think so. Renée Soutendijk is quite amazing as the lady of leadership (in a rather pretentious role). It sometimes seems to be guilty of excessive action (in a subtle way). But this was deliberately intentional to describe the character he is playing because, as this film progresses, you become uncertain about what you actually think of this lady and her intentions. It turns out again what is an excellent actress. It may be added that the film also contains several scenes portraying the full nudity of the masculine and feminine face, as well as some pretty sex scenes (and you will even notice that some scenes and aspects were clearly the plans scenes later to be shot for Verhoeven's BASIC INSTINCT). Another aspect that this film has is a multitude of biblical symbols and references, which supposed that the film was extremely hated by some conservative / Catholic movements at the time of its European liberation. Anyway, it makes the movie worthy of the second view. Now, someone recently told me he has serious doubts about DE MAN. One of them is that the movie is supposed to be manipulating in a position where it needs the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary to solve itself. I myself have great problems with the way Catholicism was, and sometimes it is portrayed in many films in any genre (so not only when it comes to horror thematic films). But, surprisingly, I had no doubt about FOUR MAN. Although the appearance of the virgin Mary in the plot made me scratch my head at some point, I also enjoyed somehow. I think the keyword for the reason why I do not mind at all is "duality." Because this movie works on two levels. Though "divine intervention" could have solved the plot line from the point of view of the protagonist ... on the other hand: the film assumes that all this could have been the delirious rage of a bad madman. And this is the fun part: You never know for sure. And then there is the question: Could it be that Gerard Reve has received distorted visions of things to come ... such as receiving omens? At some point in the film, Gerard even tries to trick Christine into believing he is clairvoyant. The way he plays Christine in that scene is refined to look. With his convincing story, convincing acting performance and an appropriate direction, MAN'S MAN is really a highly recommended viewing (especially if you enjoy a solid European psychological horror film). But make sure you see the original Dutch (not the dubious version).
