I do not know if I would consider it a masterpiece of no, but it is almost close; is extremely well done, artistic, suspense, intriguing, provocative and full of grim and sex-religious imaginations. There is also a great room work from Jan de Bont, an atmospheric score from Loek Dikker and a special interpretation from Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk, the latter giving one of the most subtle feminine fatal performances that they I've ever seen. Like many other European films, this film has an unstable, non-judicious attitude to sex, nudity and the complexity of sexuality, and has no reservations about mixing with religious and / or surrealist images (blasphemy would say). In other words, if you can not stand the thought of seeing a homosexual led by lust, which provides the object of his carnal desire, as Jesus crucified on the cross before the two went to him in a cemetery crypt, then that would it could not be a movie for you. What surprised me more is how this bizarre movie has managed to completely guard itself from being a pretentious mess. Mix the abstract / surrealistic / parallel scenes in fantasy-reality and somehow make it work. Like any good mystery, you can see the pieces slowly falling into place as the movie progresses. There is no resolution outside the left field here. The film has the direction, there is no useless stuffing, and once it's over, you begin to understand what can be mistaken for you sooner. If you like the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I can guarantee you will almost love this movie. Hell, if you have no idea who they are, you might like it. I will not spoil the plot by being too detailed, but the movie was shot - through a web like a spider takes its prey - sets the scene as Krabbé, as old, blaspier, bizarre, bizarre writer, Gerard Reve (interesting writer's name whose novel is based on this), crosses paths with a rich, mysterious, sexy woman named Christine Soutendijk, combining the androgynous style with the simplicity and simplicity of Simone Simon, who is quite nervous) who may be a "black widow" literally responsible for the deaths of the three previous spouses. The two become lovers and move to each other, but we are convinced to believe (through Christine's bizarre behavior and the frequent appearances of another woman - played by Geert de Jong - which may or may not even exist) something terrible is boiling beneath the surface . When another Christine lovers, the young and "handsome" Herman (Thom Hoffman), appear at home, things take an unexpected turn. And that's all you need to know. MAN 4 has been a huge worldwide art success, but has failed to reach the US until 1984, the Best Foreign Film of the Year by the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. The most common video is the Media edition, which has been called horrible. Try to avoid one and head straight for the new subtitled Anchor Bay DVD release. Since coming to America, Verhoeven's career has had ups and downs. He made some decent films (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and others (Showgirls). In fact, the great success of Verhoeven Basic Instinct is almost like a less interesting junior version of the fourth man. Soutendjik also attempted to act in America, and since GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) were the best deals he received, he headed home in the Netherlands.
