Moral Catholic writer Gerard Reve (Jeroen Krabbé), who is a homosexual, alcoholic and has frequent visions of death, is invited to lecture in the Vlissingen literature club. While in Amsterdam, he feels an inadequate attraction for a handsome man who boards another train. Gerard is presented to the treasurer of the club and cosmetician Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who is a wealthy widow who owns the Sphinx Beauty Shop and has a night stand. The next morning, Gerard sees the image of Christine's lover, Herman (Thom Hoffman), and recognizes him as the man he saw at the station. He suggests bringing Herman to her house to spend a couple of days together, but with the secret intention of seducing the man. Christine travels to Cologne to bring her boyfriend, and Gerard stays alone in her house. Drink whiskey and soften it safely, finding three film rolls with men's names; decides to watch the filming and discover that Christine married the three guys and that they all died in tragic accidents. Later, Gerard thinks Christine is a witch and wonders whether Herman or he will be the fourth condemned husband. <br /> <br /> The "Vierde Man" ambiguity is another magnificent feature of Paul Verhoeven in his Dutch phase. The story is supported by an excellent script that uses Catholic symbols to build the tension associated with intelligent dialogues; the magnificent spectacle of Jeroen Krabbé as a disrupted alcohol writer; and stunning cinema. The inconclusive resolution is open to interpretation, as in many European films that explore the common sense and intelligence of viewers. There are mediocre directors who use men's front nudity to promote their films; however, Paul Verhoeven uses Gerard Reve's nudity as part of the plot and never aggressive or seeking sensationalism. Not least; Androgynous beauty of sexy Renée Soutendijk fits perfectly into her role as a woman who attracts a gay writer. My vote is eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "O 4o Homem" ("The Fourth Man")
