Paul Verhoeven's precursor for his hit "Basic Instinct" is an elegant and shocking neo-noir thriller. Verhoeven has become known for having made some garbage films both in his native Netherlands and in America, and this film is one of the reasons why. The fourth man follows the weird story of Gerard Reve (played by Jeroen Krabbé); a homosexual, alcoholic, and slightly crazy writer who goes to Vlissingen to talk about the stories he writes. As she meets, she meets the seductive Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who takes him back to her home where she discovers a beautiful image of one of her lovers and proclaims that she will meet with him even if she kills him. Paul Verhoeven overturns the truth many times in this movie, and that makes sure you never know exactly where you are with him. Many of the appearances in The Fourth Man might be what they seem to be, but they could easily be interpreted as something else entirely, and this keeps audiences on the edge of their seats and also makes the movie work as this narrative is what develops. Paul Verhoeven is not a director who feels he has to hold on, and this is one of the things I like most about him. This movie has a very shocking scene that made me feel sorry for hours afterwards (and that's not happening very often!). I did not spoil him because he needs the surprising element to work ... but you will see what I mean when you see the movie (make sure you get the untreated version!). There are also some other ghastly scenes that are less shocking than the one I mentioned, but they are wonderful; a man is eaten by lions, another has a pipe sent through the skull, a boat is crushed in half ... wonderful. The actor in the fourth man is nothing to write about, but he is solid throughout. Jeroen Krabbé keeps public attention and shows the part as a drunk writer. It is Renée Soutendijk who impresses most, however, as fatal females at the heart of the story. Her performance is what Sharon Stone will imitate nine years later with the Basic Instinct, but the fatal original has done it better. Paul Verhoeven's direction is solid as we turn our attention through numerous points of view, all of which contribute to creating the mystery of the story. Verhoeven continued to make garbage but obviously has talent and is a shame he does not use it better. Of all the Verhoeven movies I've seen, this is the best and, although it might be difficult to happen; believe me, it's worth the effort.
