A movie that can make you shed tears of sadness and tears of joy would be considered a step in a director's career. In fact, Steven Spielberg, perhaps our greatest storyteller, has done this in various film formats for years. PURPLE COLOR, at that time, was considered risky, especially after the classic action like JAWS and RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK. In retrospect, this film should not have been a surprise, because Spielberg made us cry tears of joy and sadness in E.T. Critics have called COLOR PURPLE his entry into the intellectual fare. It's a pretty big entrance. There are no special effects, no headaches, a brilliant story, based on Alice Walker's classic literary. A surprise is how Spielberg could present such a thrilling film about African-Americans in the deep south. Slavery has disappeared, but in the south here, it seems that blacks use other blacks as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg is always put down to sentiment his images or add a childhood element to please the audience. This is really the first of the past films in his career that you can not make these observations. It's the first of a line of movies that people have not seen or seen, because there are no strangers. EMPIRE OF THE SUN, ALWAYS, SCHINDLER LIST, etc .. His wonderful talent is obvious with this specific picture because A) he uses mostly actors who are not trained for the first time, B) he deals with a most sensible subject was unadaptable to the screen; C) is a pure drama, no searches if the characters grow and change over the course of about 30 years. It's almost epic in appearance and scope and she has not won a single Oscar Award from 11 nominations is a transvestite and insult Whoopi Goldberg is fabulous as a celly tortured, unattractive woman given by her incestuous father to an abusive Danny Glover on who just knows it as "sir." The film follows a path of occasional beatings and mental torture that goes through "Mr.". The film rated by PG-13 is quite open to the sexual problems raised by the novel Walker. This is not the "burning bed" in Georgia by any means. There is no blatant vengeance, as one can expect. It happens with grace. Goldberg perfectly plays a human being, someone who needs love and someone who deserves it. The strangest and heartfelt moment of the movies comes when Goldberg and her sister Nettie (played by Akosua Busia) are separated, perhaps forever. (Can you specify the separation of the Holocaust from child and parent?) You may need to check a pulse if you are not moved by this sequence. The purple color represents the beauty of the fields and flowers around them poor people. It's really something to live for, but love triumphs over everyone. Spielberg bashers notes: The guy can make an unforgettable classic without cute strangers. <br /> <br /> RATING: 10 out of 10
