This rather badly dubbed Western series has won an Emmy Award for Best Syndicated Program and is certainly an exciting series. It was produced by Republic, a studio that acted better than anyone, and they put everything in it. Each episode was built around a true Old West historical figure. A track detective named Matt Clark, like Elliot Ness, with the gangsters of the 1920s and 30s, managed to get involved in almost all the known western protests between the mid-1800s and the First World War. The best advantage of the series was Jim Davis. Tall, robust, robust, spring-like, with a genuine Western accent and excellent riding skills that made him totally convincing in action scenes, Davis was every inch of the Western hero. He was equipped with two wonderful and active co-stars, Mary Castle as "Frankie" in the first season and Kristine Miller as "Jonesy" during the second. Everybody worked well with Davis. What distinguished this show from its contemporaries and many of what came later was the professionalism invested in the action scenes. That direction of action William Witney directed 30 episodes. Franklin Adreon, the rest. Both have filmed the action with Polish. The vast warehouse of the Soviet Republic of Series and B films has been used to give a purpose. The level of individual episodes has increased or decreased with the quality of the guest status brought to the game by those who did it. Among the great ones were Marie Windsor like Belle Starr, Lee Van Cleef as Jesse James, Fess Parker as Grat Dalton, Jean Parker as Cattle Kate and Joe Sawyer and Slim Pickins as Butch Cassady and The Smilin 'Kid. The creature of the western and penetrating Pickins, Parker, Denver Pyle, James Best and Richard Jaeckel have perfected their craft. B veterans with decades of experience under their belts, Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earle Hodgkins, Steve Darrell and Chief of Yowlachie, have provided the old western leather experience. the concept was that there are just so many famous Western wizards. In the second season, the famous character became an obscure mache for all by the most dedicated bafta. However, some of the subsequent shows were a match for anyone, thanks to the guest stars. Henry Brandon portrayed director Nate Champion, and former Republican star Don Barry was remarkable as Milt Sharp. Milt Sharp. Western fans or history fans will want to see this.
