Esther Kahn is a young Jewish woman who lives in an overwhelming Jewish ghetto in England in the nineteenth century. It is surrounded by a thriving, oppressive architecture, full of amazement, carved brickwork, narrow sidewalks and streets, blackened windows and hordes of crowds of black and brown shirts. She lives in a small apartment with her big family, operating a clothes store in the apartment. As a child, he worked, had no privacy, wore colorless clothes, shared a bed, and remained silent to avoid the mockery of the mother and brothers who ridiculed them to imitate them from boredom. young, her life remains the same - she has no privacy, she lives in a state of mental and physical hebetudy and lethargy and inertia, she emits an empty expression without words, she is dressed in simple and unblemished clothes and is always oppressed and afraid of gray, bright, imposing buildings, narrow streets and narrow corridors, narrow doors, and her mother and brothers loudly, and the banal lifestyle of her family. Her only form of mental escape is idid theater. Stay on the balcony, on the first row, leaning over the rail, there is a vast space between her mind and the scene, a space that allows him to breathe, think, feel and be happy. freedom of thought open stage gives Esther the face and her body remain pervasive, sleepy, impassable, full of fright. The summer of Phoenix, which usually and usually shows, expresses Esther's emotional brightness - Summer / Esther does not convey any desire to want anything or to anticipate anything. After an unusual explosive confrontation with her mother, Esther ultimately decides to break away from the bleak life she is trapped in her. She is eventually distributed in minor parts in a few plays and meets Nathan Quellen, portrayed by British quantum actor Ian Holm, who begins to teach Esher the technical ability to act. From this point of view, Esther begins a journey dubious to learn how to act and learn how to feel br /> It begins to experience emotions that they had never felt before and is gaining experience needs to fully understand and to exercise the technical aspects of acting. Nathan follows her on the physical and emotional scene of surprise, hesitation, anger, disgust, disgust, etc .; she then begins to go through these emotions in her personal life. There are three truths, says Nathan - the truth about how a character reacts, the truth about how the actor will react and the truth that a character and an actor are not the same person. These steps three truths techniques and try to slowly deconstructs Esther protection and lead to two illuminating experiences denouement film that marks the beginning of his freedom of thought, movement and emotion. Esther Kahn is a film challenging technically to be watched because photos strange and narrow camera, directions Low photo transmitting reality without reality of the ghetto and physical character of Summer Phoenix tasteless portrayal unattractive that brilliantly conveys the Kahn's mental and physical hebetud, and lethargy and devoid of nature. A must-see movie for people who want to learn the technical arts to act and for those who appreciate minimalist flims and character studies.
