ROUEN PREMIUMS AND TRIUMPH "VILLA PARANOIA" The popular film favorite, in fact more important than the jury prize, was the dramatic dramatic comedy "Villa Paranoia" by Erik Clausen, who was also selected by the European Youth Jury his appeal to moviegoers of all ages. The next day, director-actor Clausen traveled to the town of Mamers in Pays de Loire for a provincial festival of the new European cinema, where "Villa Paranoia" won three more awards - Best Film, Professional Jury; Best Picture, Audience Award; and The Best Picture of another jury composed of lycéens, French high school students. Five awards in a single weekend - it's not a bad shot for a small country movie with unknown actors. In addition, "Villa" was awarded the MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD Grand Prix in San Jose, California a week ago by British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi") for a total of six awards single week. If Lars van Trier has put Denmark in the last few years on Dogma Cinematic harassing map, there is now a good chance that veteran Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and his capable crew will soon show the world Denmark can offer more than a dogmatic feeling, that is, a pleasure for the masses of both the young and the elderly. Moreover, the female daughter of her film, Sonja Richter, has such a magical presence on the screen that, with less exposure, she has the chance to become the next Scandinavian Diva. From a recording point of view, "Villa Paranoia" is a writing fiction written, directed and acted by Mr. Clausen, and which uses certain motives from Moliere's "The Imaginary Invalid". Anna (Richter), a young ambitious actress, has lost a profoundly coveted role in the Moliere, and, reduced to making absolutely bad publicity, is about to commit suicide. However, Jorgen (Clausen), who runs a massive chicken farm sponsoring the place, offers him a job and a board that takes care of his cocoon, senile, wheelchair father, Walentin, who has not even spoken about a word from his wife Stella committed suicide years ago. Anna is the only one who finally finds a way to communicate with the old silent, hostile horror-and, in addition, discovers that he has been false deafness and immobility all these years-a living "Malade Imagination". This will lead to her playing the most important role of her own life to discover the dark secret that led to Walentin's total withdrawal from life and reality. Villa Paradise-Paranoia, true to the Moliere tradition, from which it is partially derived, is an innovative, multi-layer, serial-comic psycho drama that literally has something for everyone and only needs a proper placement to achieve the general kind of internationalization it deserves. Alex Deleon, Paris / MARCH 21, 2005
