Undoubtedly, one of John Ford's great masterpieces, Young Lincoln, was virtually unnoticed at the time of its release, no wonder that the year was 1939 when many of the greatest movies in the history of cinema , including the most mythical West in Genre History, scenario by John Ford Stagecoach and many others, such as Gone with the Wind, Oz Wizard, Mr. Smith, goes to Washington, who took the Oscar in the only category for which he was nominated Young Lincoln, which is the original script. <br /> <br /> It has continued to be Ford's most underestimated film for many years to gradually fade into the shadow of John Ford's other masterpieces, but by the late 1950s American and European film critics and historians took a note written by the legendary Russian director Serghei Eisenstein about young Lincoln, where he praised her and admitted that if he only had the opportunity to direct any American film ever made, it would surely be John Ford's young man Mr. Lincoln. Impressed by such an undoubted preference from Eisenstein, critics have begun to see the movie again, but only with fewer eyes and the reputation of the film has grown since then. <br /> <br /> It was not the first time the life of one of the most legendary American presidents was brought to the screen. Just in the early 1930s, Griffith did it in Abraham Lincoln and in the same year as Ford's film, MGM launched John Cromwell, called Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Strangely, both were based on success on Broadway Stage Play released in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> As for John Ford's films, we can easily find numerous references to life and deeds and even to the death of Lincoln's mythical figure in several of the director's works, such as 1924 The Horse Iron or 1936 The Prisoner of Shark Island, the second, as well as Mr. Young Lincoln, uses Lincoln-Dixie's favorite theme as the main theme. The scenario based on the aforementioned biographies of Stage Play and Lincoln was written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford himself, something that was rare for Ford, but the end result was superb - a script that combines elements of the game with more historical facts as well as myths and legends about the beginning The life and practice of Abraham Lincoln's law culminates in an inexpensive, but mostly heart, which is the highest point of the film and the main generator of tears and tears, where Lincoln defends the two young brothers accused of a murder and has to devise a way to help his mother when brought to court as a witness and where the attorney of the prosecutor (played by Donald Meek) asks her to state which of her sons actually committed the crime, forcing them obviously to make it impossible to choose their condemnation to death and let her live the other. In general, it is a very interesting, heart-and even funny, simply magnificent film by Henry Fonda in his supreme characterization of Abraham Lincoln and the overwhelming wealth of other characters, no matter how small or how big they are from the wonderful and intelligent scenario and led by John Ford's genius ability to one of his best ever deliveries. A guy needs to see for everyone. 10/10
