What the director's intuition can bring on the material that only needs the right boss in the right direction. Young gentleman, Lincoln, is full of "old-fashioned" values, which, retrospectively, despite his two-dimensional portrayal, is at least much more than he can see in the popcorn in the current cinema. What makes things work so well, as it happens, in all its simplicity and grandeur, is that it is a great court session in the mask of a lesson of history. <br /> <br /> We all know Abraham Lincoln as the 16th President who made the emancipation and after the civil war was assassinated. But as a lawyer, in previous years he was charismatic, funny in the most unexpected places and a real gentleman. He is not a superhero who can not do any harm (which was Fonda's only restraint to the end before the end), but a figure with possible defects that are overcome by his innate goodness and clear vision what is good and bad. /> It's enough to say that John Ford is exceptional as a storyteller almost without trying. In fact, it's a lie, he's trying, but he's making some effort in the studio system; he worked in an independent manner while enjoying Zanuck at the same time, so he was quite left alone in his own brief editing practices in the "roommaking" and did not move him, not to move away of the story. It is that force of conventional wisdom that somehow works with the material as a kind of accompanying piece of blood-blooded Americans in 1939, as seen in Mr. Smith, who goes to Washington (only here is the law and not politics). <br /> <br /> Fonda is incredible in lead - his first with Ford - and never lets us look at Lincoln in the face of makeup and extra stimulation in shoes. Fonda's personality, in a sense, as in the case of the grapes of rage and my love Clementine, comes out in the character of Lincoln. However, it is unlikely to exist, there is no one else in this period who could have played it then: he is mature and wise, but he is careful to prove in this case a twisted look - o. Only in small pieces, like the final blow that overlaps Lincoln on foot with his monument, and a few small situations during that morning parade scene, seem pretty dated. As for the goals set with young Mr. Lincoln, they were all met by Ford and its crew and cast; it is not as hochete as you can think of entering and has a strong balance of authentic humor and pathos.
