Young Lincoln marks the first film of the director / star collaboration of John Ford and Henry Fonda. I remember for years Fonda said that as a young actor he was nervous to play Abraham Lincoln and he was scared he would not stand this challenge. John Ford before he started filming saying he would not play the Grand Emancipator, but just a prairie-jack attorney. Being established, Fonda has led a distribution that John Ford has set in a classic movie. This is not Lincoln's biographical film. That's first appeared in Walter Huston's sound age and one year after Young Lincoln, Raymond Massey won the Pulitzer Prize, won by Robert Sherwood Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Massey still remains Lincoln. But, as Ford said, Fonda did not play the Grand Emancipator, just a little lawyer in Illinois. The film includes about 10 years of Lincoln's early life. We see him clerking in a general store, getting books from a family of immigrant pioneers whose path would later go back into the story. And his romance with Ann Rutledge, with her early death, leaving Lincoln the most melancholic. Do it 10 years ago and Lincoln is now a lawyer who starts to realize. He served a number of terms in the legislature, but he returned to private practice, not quite sure if politics is for him. This is where most of the action takes place. The two sons of that family received the right books off the road when they were charged with murder. He offers them to defend them. And not an ordinary crime, but a deputy sheriff. The process itself is fiction, but the gambit used to defend Richard Cromwell and Eddie Quillan who played the two sons is based on a real case that Lincoln defended. I can not say anything else. In addition to the shows, Young Lincoln's great power is how John Ford captures the atmosphere and atmosphere and the establishment of a small town in Illinois on a fourth of July celebration. It's almost like watching a news story. And it was the state of mind of the country itself, young, vibrant and growing. Fans of John Ford's films will recognize two musical themes that have been repeated in subsequent films. During the romantic interludue from the beginning with Fonda and Pauline Moore, who starred Ann Rutledge, background music is the same theme used in Vera Miles' The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance. And on a dance, Lovely Susan Brown's song, which Funda and Marjorie Weaver portrays Mary Todd, is what Fonda with Cathy Downs gave in My Darling Clementine to the dance for a church in Tombstone. <br /> <br /> Lincoln will forever be a favorite subject of biographers and playwrights for two reasons, I think. The first is that he is the living embodiment of our own American mythology about people who rise from the last point to the top of power through their own efforts. Actually, young Mr. Lincoln looks very graphically on the background of Lincoln. And secondly that he was our president during the greatest crisis in American history, and that he made a good and moral singular decision to free the slaves during the civil war, though for the necessary political reasons. His assassination secured his place in history. Besides Fonda and others I mentioned, the special praise should also come to Fred Kohler, Jr. and Ward Bond, and the two men, Kohler being the victim of the crime, blame the principal accuser. Also, Donald Meek as a prosecutor and Alice Brady in her latest film as the pioneering mother of Cromwell and Quillan. And a very nice show by Spencer Charters, who specialized in rustic characters as a judge. For a movie that captures drama and romanticism of its time, you can not do better than Young Mr Lincoln.
