1939 is universally accepted as the greatest year in Hollywood history, with more classic films released than any other, and John Ford has directed three of the best "Stagecoach," "Drums Through the Mohawk," a young man a backwoods attorney meant to ultimately save the Union, "Young Mr. Lincoln". With the world plunging into a war that America was afraid of, but knowing it would be attracted, Abraham Lincoln was much in the minds of men in 1939 as someone who faces the same dilemma in his own life and triumphs. On Broadway, Robert E. Sherwood's "Abe Lincoln in Illinois" prize, with Raymond Massey's physical portrayal, was played at packed houses (the film would be filmed in 1940). Carl Sandburg's continuation of his epic biography, "Abraham Lincoln: The Years of the War," was published and quickly became a best seller. President Roosevelt frequently referred to Lincoln in speeches, and the Lincoln Memorial in Washington DC became the most popular landmark in the city (a fact that Frank Capra used well for "Mr. Smith going to Washington") . /> <br /> All this was not lost by Darryl F. Zanuck at 20th Century Fox; as soon as he read Lamar Trotti's screenplay of Lincoln's time as a lawyer, appointed him as a prestigious production, and attributed John Ford to lead and Henry Fonda to play. Fonda DO NOT WANT TO Play Lincoln; he felt he could not render justice to the "Great Emancipator", and feared that bad performance would hurt his career. Even a filming makeup test, in which he was amazed at how much he resembled Lincoln, would not have changed his mind. According to Fonda, John Ford, with whom he has never worked, did it at first meeting, explaining that he does not portray Lincoln of Legend, but a young country lawyer "jackanape" facing his first murder trial. Humiliated, Fonda took over the role. (John Ford offered another scenario of events, but the result was the same!) Obviously, they found a chemistry together that worked because almost all of their pairs would produce "classic". Unlike Lincoln's introverted, melancholic, "Abe Lincoln in Illinois," Ford's vision was that of a young but pleasant attorney who made friends easily and lost the lost mother, too young (resulting in a connection with a pioneering mother who becomes a vital part of the story). Incivility makes him, and he speaks "common sense" to stop the violence, accompanied by humorous doses. Both productions play in Lincoln's (undocumented) relationship with Ann Rutledge; In the Ford version, the pair is truly in love and engaging each other. After her death, Lincoln will frequently visit her grave to share her life with her "spirit" (a Ford theme will continue in "She Worn a Yellow Ribbon"). of the film and shows the wonderful talents of the star and the director. Fonda portrays Lincoln's lack of experience, but serious faith in justice is tempered by mercy, and Ford underscores the gap between the intellectuals of the big city (represented by DA Donald Meek's pomp and Stephen Douglas's "advice", played by a young man Milburn Stone), and Lincoln's unclear sense of normalization. With Ford's "ordinary" Ward Bond movie as a key witness, the process is both unconventional and riveted. When the film closes when Lincoln heads to its stormy distance and destiny (dissolving in a view of the statue at the Lincoln Memorial), the audience could comforter the film's message that if a cause is right, it would be good the latter triumphant. "Young Young Lincoln" is a truly remarkable movie from an amazing year!
