In his excellent book, Lincoln in American Memory, historian Merrill Peterson calls Young Mr.Lincoln a "boring and dreadful film." This astounding astonishing analysis shows that great historians are rarely critical of film. I'm working on a doctoral dissertation about Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. As part of my preparation for writing the dissertation, I did a careful analysis of this film and Tag Gallaghers' bright performance in his book about Ford. Young Mr. Lincoln marks the highlight of the first phase of Ford's filmmaker in 1939. In that year's Hollywood year, Ford has directed three gorgeous, not yet fully acclaimed films: Mohawk, Stagecoach and Young Mr.Lincoln. It would seem odd to say that Stagecoach is not fully appreciated, yet, with more and more clarity, critics must perceive that it is one of the greatest Western and perhaps even one of the 100 films of all time. However, what is NOT fully appreciated is that these three films work together as a kind of trilogy - in fact, a triptych. Ford creates a kind of America's mythical history on the screen. Drums The Mohawk is the revolutionary war. Young Mr.Lincoln is America of Pre-Civil War. Eventually, Stagecoach is Post Civil War America. What the three films have in common is that they are an extended meditation on Adam American and his "adventure in Wilderness." What are the psychic and social costs of American destiny, while America strives to build a new human city in the wilderness? Lincoln symbolizes the journey of America, seeking to reconcile civilized intimation (law) with the freedom of the wilderness. Mr. Lincoln is not history (he is full of "strange" historians - as they were aware of both Ford and Trotti), but myth. This is Lincoln, the symbol of justice and mercy, Lincoln, the wild man, to set up a civilization in itself and become the "remarkable legislator" of America. Young Mr. Lincoln is not a long-lasting teleplay forgotten by James Agee's history of Lincoln and, like Sandburg's biography, is an epic poem ... a very beautiful epic poem.
