This is the magnificent opposite of Mats-Helge Olsson, Swedish king of shit. Rarely, a film of this magnitude has been made in Sweden and is truly remarkable as one of the most amazing achievements in the Swedish film so far. Who pays for these things? <br /> <br /> Russian scientist Markov wants to defuse in Sweden. But his plans are being destroyed by the Russian soldiers who kidnap him and say that he has arrived in Sweden. This betrayal is their way to see that Markov continues his work in nuclear physics that will revolutionize the energy supply to the entire planet. However, the CIA is inclined to bring Markov to the west and send his ninja to release him. The practice of having Swedish actors speaking English is something Mats-Helge has perfected in his later works. The inexpensive b-movie feeling he creates is probably unparalleled for performance. But besides that? Well, the action is the standard direct-to-video style. Combustion machines that burn huge glowing clouds. Thousands of Russians die. People running in black ninja suits try to hide in the snow. What is remarkable, however, is the healthy way of the poor, in which the battle scenes are choreographed. When I say "Ninja" in the title I expect martial arts, I expect tight struggle. But there are two or three true martial arts in this movie. And they are hilarious. It's so bad I have no words to describe it. If the ninja would move more slowly, the heart would stop. And, of course, the whole movie ends in a bang indicating a budget with special effects consisting of four food stamps and a McDonald's voucher. So, what is the verdict? Classic instant, of course. Never before has there been a movie that is obviously meant to be consumed along with huge amounts of alcohol. It's the last party movie. Insert into the video and laugh. We have to realize that movies like these are not made anymore. This is the history of the film. Therefore, the rating is 8/10 for entertainment, 1/10 for quality and 10/10 for accents.
