Legend of Zu I remember Tsui Hark's original Zu Warriors 18 years earlier. Over a Christmas, in a week when Channel 4 in the UK showed a week of Hong Kong movies, Zu Warriors shed so much for a very young and too young looker and so memorable that it was engraved in the memory of those who have grown up up the sprog ... In fact, I think the original Zu Warriors is one of the first movies I've seen as a child that clearly reminds me of story line and action scenes. And the memories of seeing Yuen Biao, Sammo Hung and others in their prime classics. When I saw this remake of Zu Warriors, there was a sense of restraint. He could overcome childhood memories of childhood that we had about the original or to follow the path of other remakes and die a death horrible than their necks broken wretches and found those kung-fu movies? > Well, the answer is I can not say. But that was because this is not really a remake. Stories (and styles) are almost completely different. Legend of Zu tells the story of King Sky, a single warrior whose master, Dawn, declares love for him, but her life is taken from her by a monster called insomnia. Two hundred years later, Insomnia returns, Dawn is reincarnated as Enigma, and Insomnia is back to destroy Zu. Meanwhile, White Eyebrows and Red are trying, with the help of King Sky, to stop insomnia. The land is not full of twists and turns, but it has enough detail in it to keep me interested. But I can see this movie as one you love or hate. The film is largely about the special effects, most involving multiple computer-generated environments, like The Ride Storm and a man called Hero. But, unlike the other two, this movie was one that did not exaggerate the graphics and everything was tasty. Nothing is rushed - unlike the hero. The backgrounds were complementary to the actors and did not force the scenes at all. The story also involves a lot of characters, and the mixing of so many individuals makes the movie interesting. It was probably at the edge of "too many chefs," but in general each character played his role in the story. But some of the roles seem to be "expanded cameos" in my opinion, and I have somewhat letting myself wonder about the necessity of this. Ekin Cheng and Louis Koo play very important roles in the film, but I could not say that this movie had the best performances. Cecilia Cheung seems at least to be mature in acting, but she's still pretty rough. Kelly Lin was the new revelation to me. Despite her very short role, I apologize and recognize the mirrors! In general, I have to say that he enjoyed this film as much as I liked the "original". Since both films are made by the legendary Tsui Hark, the two films together are part of a chronicle showing how the film has changed in Hong Kong for two decades. And the beauty of this is that you can not really compare the two movies, just as apples are apples and pears are pears. In the end, both are completely enjoyable movies on their own right. And I will come back to remind you by following the original again. <br /> <br /> Two to track, but not to compare.
