<br /> <br /> Have you ever felt that you were being watched, as if someone keeps tabs on every move you make? Well, remember before you decide to break the law, the FBI will always be there. At least that's the feeling you have after watching the crime drama that collapses, but slightly thin, the FBI's story. It follows the roots of the organization from a small office to one of the most modern facilities in the world (in 1959), telling the story through the eyes of one of its agents, Chip Hardesty (James Stewart). <br /> <br /> Chip has been with the FBI since the first day, and he's doing his job all over the world, even from time to time his family. The FBI's story follows its life by describing what makes it an agent and how it affects your personal life. The movie has a spectacular job of showing what kind of cases the FBI is dealing with and how they deal with them. The audience gets to see the revolts of Chip Kuk Klan Klan, to go undercover to solve an Indian murder scandal, bring fugitives to custody, take hostage rescues, and help fight in the Second World War . He even helped the communists spies to justice. Stewart, in a vague, complex performance, is stellar (as always) as the slightly neurotic agent who loves his job maybe too little. One of the best parts about this movie is that we see how it works within the family life of the Chip and its job. We confess it suffering through the death of our best friend and then of his son. We also notice that his wife has a spontaneous abortion, and his marriage has rocky times. Almost all of his personal problems are caused by the love for his job. Vera Miles offers sporting performance, but it is still very convincing. She has never been a brilliant actress, but there has always been something very attractive and appealing to her. Maybe I'm just me? Unfortunately, none of the other performances deserve to be mentioned, but the story that attracted attention has managed to keep me very interested. The cinema of this film was impressive, especially the scenes from the South American jungles. The colors had a texture that really set the atmosphere of the film. Perhaps most of this film was Mervyn Leroy's fabulous direction. Every scene was so fluid that it was just rolling to tell a brilliant story. It is very full of ingenious camera pictures, some with a very hitchcock feel. <br /> <br /> In total, The FBI Story is a spectacular, but overlooked film. For two and a half hours, some viewers may be intimidated, but if you have the chance to recommend that you make that leap. I liked Jimmy Stewart's spectacular show and the exciting story.
