In the tradition of G-Men, House on Street 92, the nameless street, now comes the FBI Story, one of those carefully watched films that showed the Federal Bureau of Investigation in the best possible light. While the 48-year-old director Edgar Hoover was alive, he would have shown no other light. Don Whitehead's book that this film relies on is a direct history of the bureau since its founding in 1907 to almost the time that The FBI Story came out. It is important to remember sometimes that it was an FBI before J. Edgar Hoover to lead her. Some of those times are covered with film. But Warner Brothers did not make a documentary to give FBI's flesh and blood the fictional character of John 'Chip' Hardesty. Hardesty as played by James Stewart is an FBI career man who graduated from law school and rather than going into practice took a job at the Bureau in the early 20th century. In real life, the Bureau was led by William J - Burns of Private Detective Burns Agency. It was, in fact, an extremely political operation, as shown in the film. Burns was at the edge of the Harding administration scandals. When Hoover was named in 1924 to bring professional law enforcement techniques and rigorous proficiency standards into, he did just that. <br /> <br /> Through the Hardesty family, who is Stewart and his wife Vera Miles, we see the FBI's history. In addition, we see a lot of personal family history that is fully integrated into the FBI story itself. Stewart and Miles are definitely an American couple. We're following the FBI through some of the cases involving Stewart, arresting Ku Klux Klan members, plotting to kill oil-rich Indians, bringing to the scene notorious criminals from the thirties, their involvement in Nazi sympathizers in the Second World War and against espionage communism in the cold war. There is a kind of prologue part where Stewart tells a class at the FBI Academy before he enters the history of the office because he intervenes with his own. This involves a bomb placed on an airline by a son who bought a lot of life for his mother before the flight. Nick Adams will give you creeps as a perpetrator and the story is, unfortunately, relevant today. Of course, if the FBI story was written and produced today, it would reflect something different and not so American. Still, the FBI has a story to tell and is not a negative one at all. FBI Story is not one of Jimmy Stewart's best movies, but it's the first one I've ever seen with my favorite actor in her, so she has a great love for me. If the whole FBI had been made by Jimmy Stewarts, I'd feel much better about that. There is also a good performance by Murray Hamilton as his friend and agent who is killed in a shootout with Baby Face Nelson. Vera Miles did not get married to Stewart, actually married to the FBI movie demonstrates. It's mostly dated but still has a good and interesting story to tell.
