Years of drugs actually suffer from one of these issues, for mini-series or other types of TV documentaries, which have been running several times on TV for weeks. In fact, it's not long enough, in a way. All the most important bases in the decades are covered and all of them are interesting to observe as views in postmodern history and in different parts. But it almost does not cover enough, or at least what is covered sometimes is given once once it may be worth more time. For example, third party information and details on the whole process and the business itself to carry massive amounts of drugs (in part marijuana, later cocaine) are indeed well presented, but there are more details that are kept at demand how much time to be covered. Generally speaking, although the documentary sheds light on how drugs, pop culture, government intervention, upper and lower classes and the suburbs have felt all the waves of different drugs over the years, and the interaction between them has been very obvious. No one in the movie - except to find small suggestions with pots) - goes to drug approval, but what they are showing are those in archive clips about the honesty of what is sometimes fun and then tragic about taking certain medications. The appearances of various anti-drug, courageous, ridiculous officials are giving some hardship at some points, even in an overview of drug cultures and America's connection as a whole - as there really is only one important point made by a few either by one of the interviewees. The only way to really tackle the problem of drugs is not "just to say no," because, as the war on drugs has shown, it is not as effective as thought. It's really just to come clean of all parties about all the drugs and people who can be hypocrites about them (like, for example, oxycontin continues on the market). Is it with the great interest and depth of a documentary by Ken Burns? No, but for a summer television viewing for young people (ie my age), who will see a lot like this as an almost old story, despite the fact that most of it is only a generation back , as well as for the "elders" a few decades later, about the high peaks, the negligent times, and then the disillusionment that was brought about by the same material that they propagated and published years ago. There are also those who may find a particularly biased documentary, which is not completely untrue, but tries to get enough differences in the social, political and entertainment conditions of drugs that intersect (better or worse) fascinating view.
