She and her husband go to visit their children and grandchildren. The visit is inconvenient because grandchildren and "children" do not seem to know each other as they might expect. The heat that should be there is missing. After dinner, May's husband says he does not feel good, blames his daughter's cooking, and says irresponsibly that he wants to come back home. He dies that night. May, now a widow, is lost. She did not have a passionate marriage or a very interesting marriage, but she had a purpose. She had someone who needed it, and even if her own needs had been unsatisfied for years, she had something to do with her days. She is depressed and unmotivated. She goes to stay with her daughter, Paula, who, shortly after the arrival of her mother, lets her mother know that she never felt that her mother did much by herself. She loses her anger because of her mother's lack of care. He still seems disarmed and surprised, but he also does not seem to have the energy or the desire to do right. "I am your mother and I love you." What does it really say? (I heard this from my own mother too many times and I still do not have to figure out what that means.) Paula is a little (better than a little) neurotic. Both women are needy, although they look very different. Paula was involved in a friend of her son, Darren, who worked her house on her son's house. While Paula is working during the day, she begins to have discussions and lunches with Darren. Darren is a married man who is left with his wife for their autistic son, Nicky, but he is not supposed to live in the house with his wife. Can be attracted to Darren because she is virile and she enjoys the connection they seem to have. Darren gets attracted to May, because she offers a kind of peace and understanding that she does not get from the other women in her life. (He also becomes too interested in the money he says he can give him "to get away from everything," though obviously he is not interested in wanting to join him on such a journey. she still enjoys fulfillment as a woman she has not known for years, and she did not expect to know again. Because her daughter, Paula, had often told her he would leave Darren married, this became part of rationalization to May, what she does is fine. "In a group of writing that Paula leads, she is also introduced, rather forced to meet with a widow who is not attracted to her. the older one, who clearly can not perform hard, and is really painful and anxious as we see total disgust on May's face, while she trusts the unique ghastly connection. Finally, Paula discovers some sch very graphic graphics made by her mother who really were her mother and Darren to have sex. This movie will undoubtedly be seen by many in countless ways. The sympathies will be shared. At one point, during Paula's writing group, I can tell in a short essay that she felt like she hated the kids by the end of the day and would go to pubs after they were asleep, assuring themselves that she will return home before her husband. Obviously, a good mother does not think to leave children alone while going to the local pub. Still, she would also reveal earlier in the movie that her husband did not like having friends, so she had none. He did what he wanted to do. She was miserable, but she put it with her because, as she said, "it was easier." So, while May was not the best mother, for those who tended to have any sympathy for her, she might see May's actions as the act of a woman who just wants to be sex and live "a few minutes "in her life. A woman who just wanted someone to listen to her, to know her as a human being, to have a friend and a boyfriend. Paula, though unhappy and unhappy, probably became so because of the distant parents who raised her. Of course, it's not hard to understand why Paula feels totally betrayed by her mother. It's a well-done film, with more complexity than I mentioned, and certainly one that will leave the viewer with many reactions, maybe even conflicting. It's a movie worth discussing and debating and, above all, it's worth seeing. One thing that leaves us is the horror and the fear of a lonely life. No matter who is considered "right" or considered "wrong" by each visionary, the theme of old age and loneliness, which evokes a sense of fear in most of us, is inevitable.
