While the movie title contains the word "Mother", the first thing that comes to mind is the mother's love for her children. However, my mom says another story. <br /> <br /> My mother does not discuss the love between her mother and her child or how she sacrifices her child's benefit. Here, director Roger Michell of Notting Hill tells us how mother's love for a man almost half of her age hurts those around her. Before Daniel Craig took over the role of James Bond, Darren, a man who helped renovate her mother's house and sleep with her daughter. Anne Reid, who was a familiar figure on the TV series, takes on the challenging role of the main character, May. The story begins with the month when she faces the sudden loss of her husband, Toots, on a family visit to her son, Bobby. As she marries Darren, a job that makes a renovation in Bobby's home, she was shocked to learn that her daughter, Paula, slept with Darren. At the same time, he still faces life after Toots's death. Fearing that Harry and Paula did not want her, May starts to find his life walking on until he spends the afternoon with Darren. Darren was handsome and friendly for the past, and soon Darren found affection. Instead of treating him as a friend, she treated the man who was almost half of his age with the love of a couple. Later, she found sexual pleasure from Darren, where she gave him the pleasure she could never find anyone else. And this is the beginning of the disaster that could lead to the breakdown of a family. Mother explores the inner world of the widow who wanted to try something she never had in her life and consoles someone who is there for her to shoulder. This can be said from buying more tea snacks for Darren to meet the sexual needs of a younger man than she, where she eventually gave her more than she. the role of May, as was best known for his role in TV series. Because she does not have many movies in her career, Mama puts her in the critics' attention. Daniel Craig, on the other hand, took on a similar role in his film career, such as Sylvia (2003) and Enduring Love (2004). If his repeated role of James Bond fails, film reviewers should not forget that he has a better performance in small productions in the years of his film career, and Mother is one of them. Mom can not be everyone's favorite, but it's certainly not your usual matinée show to go along with tea and scones, accompanied by butter and jam.
