With her husband's death, an older woman is confronted with a future in an urban world that sees her as invisible, dead-down and unwanted in her pseudo-sophisticated house, Bobby and his superficial wife, Helen and Paula, a self-absorbed daughter, hanging and minimally talented. The central family is only warm, sustained and understanding its new and tragic life with the death of her husband. Mother is a quiet study that shows that in some societies the bigger parent is so undesirable and a burden to raise children whose career and status are trying to shade all others. <br /> <br /> As soon as she realizes that the world is still important to her, the lonely widow finds her redeemed and alive libido with her daughter's boyfriend, with a carpenter and a tough assortment. She can engage in an unusual sexual adventure with Darren, whose character is sympathetic to her at first, but her erroneous nature is quickly revealed by the pressures of women surrounding her. This is the role of Hollywood acting actresses of a certain age are never written for them but would never appear because the film's sincerity, open sexuality, unglamorous wardrobe, little makeup and social commentary on the society's most celebrity wardrobes in the film industry are rooted. The lead actress's show, Anne Reid, ranges from quiet to dizzy and her blossoming screenplay from the venerable widow to a sex life woman living and free, without facial lifting, hair extensions and liposuction. She has no more than her soul for the screen. Daniel Craig is the man of service, Derrek who both mother and daughter beds. He returns to another stellar interpretation, which at first glance is sympathetic to the situation of the widow, but ultimately is without redemption, as his true nature unfolds and is literally the cock in a hump. The inability of his improbable character to tell his ex-wife, his boring girlfriend and mother, is to blame the root of his inefficient existence. While good at building a conservative, he is unable to build meaning in his life. One of the best movies in the UK for years, is simply adult in her story. Mother is a rare film, which may be too honest for the American audience to tolerate that it has no trace of a car, no buzz, no rap soundtrack to drown the performance of the cretin by the television star and studmuffins buff. My mother reflects how the aging of aging children are now disposable people whom followers are willing to ignore, send them to the retirement home, and get out of the way. Maybe she does not know what to do while she's alive with Darren, she does not want to go home to the elderly and find her kids more conservative than she was in their early years.
