What movie on the move. I have a dear friend, who is in his sixties, and in the last 15 years he told me that people do not see her anymore, and she wants to have a company. Being at the age of 40, I begin to see what is complaining. You are no longer young, beautiful or touching. When he says "... this piece of body ..." wow. The way our body changes and how we are told it is no longer beautiful. I like when she starts to change what she's wearing ... a colored scarf ... she's no longer a feral wife. It's a sad and wonderful picture at the same time. Sad in this, she can betray her daughter's trust ... beautiful in the fact that she wakes up through the difficulty of her business and chooses to go further and finally have her life. I like the character's boldness to even start the love affair. I love the movie for the most part because it is a picture that shows the complicated nature of relationships, whether it is familiar or not. We see Paula's vulnerability, but she will have whatever she wants ... (when she tells her mother that she will have a baby for Darren if she wants it or not after her mother asks if Darren really wants a baby). The film hits the footprint on how relationships can change and yet reveals what was there throughout life, latent. May crushed her own creativity to raise her family. A family she did not really want, but it was "something you did when you were young." I love the scene when Darren calls her an old tart, and she smiles and says, "I've never been called like that before." It was really a jewel of a movie. And Daniel Craig. Well, I love him. I was pleasantly surprised. Not only is it pleasant on the eye, it is a real talent. What an important role. It is much more than any other who is sure and I look forward to seeing him in several roles of this nature. The scene he likes and the looks he gives is a great thing he has such control over this woman and also a pleasure to be able to give it to him. He really enjoys enjoying it. A wonderful scene. Contrast is the scene of love with Bruce. Bruce is completely absorbed by his own pleasure ... two completely different people. Unfortunately ... I wonder where my Darren is?
