At the beginning of the film we see that May and Toots are preparing for their trip to London for a visit to their raised children. It seems that Toots is not in the best health condition, but he goes. When he suddenly dies, May's world, he starts to get out of control. The film directed by Roger Michell, based on a screenplay by Hanif Kureshi, is a study of how this mother figure meets her new life status and her awakening in a world she does not even know she has has existed so far. May May as a suburban wife was probably boring. Obviously her sexual life was almost nothing. We know he has a tremendous little business, then nothing. When she loses her husband, she can not go home, so instead she stays behind her mind at her nephew at her daughter's home. It is in this context that May begins to pray after the young and tired Darren, her daughter occasionally loving. Darren wakes up in a passion she has never met. He can respond turning to our eyes. May, who at the beginning of the movie is dowdy, suddenly begins to dress, becoming an interesting and attractive woman. She ends up falling down on the heel with this young man guarding her with a passion she had never felt before. After I met some cases similar to this story, it was not a surprise to watch May's reaction. Her chance of a normal relationship with Bruce, a widow, is frustrating for May, realizing how much sex is with Darren. The youngest, we imagine, it is only in this business to satisfy and for a chance to raise money from May. Finally, daughter, Helen discovers what Mom has done behind her when she discovers the erotic paintings her mother has made. The film is a triumph for the director. In Anne Reid, Mr. Michell has found an extraordinary actress that brings so much to the role of May. Also amazing is Daniel Craig. She knows how Darren will react to the situation. Anna Wilson Jones as Helen is also vital to the story because she is the one who has to confront mother with what is happening behind her. Oliver Ford Davies plays a small role as Bruce, the oldest in Helen's class, and she's pretty efficient. The film is full of pleasure for those who will see it with an open mind. <br /> <br />
