[WARNING: CONTENTS spoilers] <br /> <br /> I have a friend for adults, for whom the idea that her parents have sex makes her very uncomfortable. It came to my mind when I thought of the audience's reaction to Mama. (Anne Reid) wrinkled her passion in bed with her younger lover, Darren (Daniel Craig) or later saw sexually explicit drawings until May. I doubt that the audience was agitated at the nudity or content of the drawings, just as much as she felt uneasy about seeing a 60-year-old woman enjoying sex. son of a fanatic ") again proves why he is among the most incisive storytellers on both sides of the Atlantic His story is not easy to take This dramatic family drama is not a movie you can claim you enjoy watching it is cruel, Kureishi and Roger Michell (who has directed "Notting Hill" of all things) make a sentimental, frightening and superficial portrait of an older woman, who realizes that, after all these years, she can and should still enjoy all the pleasures of life. At a wonderful epiphan moment, when her son, Bobby, asks him not to be difficult, he can pull back, " Why not? "Reid deserves an Oscar nomination for his turn as though he is subtle, restrained, strong and sad, often at the same time. notes D Arren and Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw) in a seemingly passionate clutch in a pub. Or when she asks Paula to open the door after a disastrous day. Reid's eyes and face reveal all of May's pain and despair. At the most devastating moment of the movie, he fell to his knees before Darren, willing to do anything for him, only he asks to be a kind. This is an extraordinary joyful performance by a remarkable actress. I liked the use of Michell's natural sound, especially when I get May and Toots first in Bobby's place. It perfectly illustrated the cacophony around May and Toots, the way their family greets them. This movie has sometimes reminded me of Mike Leigh's honesty and bad work, except for "Mother", clinging to a sense of optimism to stay afloat. Some questions: Michell's decision to give May and Darren's first love scenes an almost crude sensitivity. The lovers remain unoccupied, while, in the foreground, a white curtain is lightly fluttering in the breeze. And the only sound is in passion passion since May. The problem with Michell's approach is that both Reid and Craig, who fully assume Darren's role, are so angry in these roles that it is unfair to hide the almost primitive energy of their characters from the audience. Especially that Michell has no doubt about the visceral realization of subsequent sexual scenes. This movie does not have great characters. We sympathize with May, but she also gives her daughter's suffering. But I doubt that Kureishi intended people to tell his story with loved ones. His idea, I think, was to unmask a family that already crackles when something emotional cataclysm happens. It is unshakable in its vicinity and, ultimately, unforgettable.
