It's hard to imagine a silly director, such as "Notting Hill," which takes something as sensitive and appealing as this, but well, here's the evidence and it's pretty convincing. Some have alluded to television drama, and yes, this has a game of seventy Play for Today sometimes feel but it's always a reduction above, mainly I think due to some pretty superlatives acting from Anne Reid and to a wonderful script that shades with cliché, without ever having one on the nose, except maybe even at the end. (I did not like the next indifferent blow through the hall, no final stage of the morning oh oh how beautiful it deserves a more studied finish than I think after all the hard work. The business was a bit OTT also on reflection). What I mean about avoiding the cliché: well, I had a diving expectation that the mature man May the daughter tries to set it up to be thrown in two dimensions as an old repellent piece to show the contrast with more pain with the young attractive, virile young man with whom he fights without consent. Instead, we receive an unexpectedly subtle and sympathetic surprise of a lonely, embarrassed man who is not entirely inappropriate and very human, who does not have much idea about a woman's fun. Almost at that point I started to sit and pay more attention. Here was a script that lets the actors breathe and do something interesting with quite minor parts. Almost Mike Leigh in this regard (minus catharses contrived that the latter inexplicable goes for). And, of course, I was, like everyone else, was amazed at what Anne Reid did with her character and her body. She is / is / "the repressed housewife who is first discovered," this is far too simplistic for the character we have. Again and again, there are alludes to it being a "bad housewife," not to mention the thing she's doing with the trays, trying to look careful and charming and just looking strange. The daughter accuses her of "staying all day in front of the TV" instead of being, whatever her supposed maternal tasks are: she has no answer. She was never a wife and a modeling mother, at least not for herself - that's why there's a lot of beating, the sense that someone has lost her life trying to fulfill a role that she simply does not he was good at never.
