Children - of any age - do not want to know about the sexual life of their parents. Adult children are often confused and confused by any evidence that older parents have active libido. Finally, many viewers are very uncomfortable looking at a vagabond and firm widow who would go unnoticed almost anywhere, discovering her painful ability and the need for raw passion with a handsome half-year-old man. <br /> <br /> "Mother" is a provocative look at a little-shot reality - a woman who is not ready to stay at home, watch the "TV" and cultivate after her husband for almost three decades, and a gentleman who controls, dominates, packs it with a massive heart attack. May (Anne Reid) and her husband have two children, each dysfunctional in his own way. The male son lives with a beautiful wife who could lead her to the bankruptcy court with a commercially extravagant business. Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw) is a professor with successful aspirations as a writer. She is appealing, not beautiful, and seems to have a close relationship with her mother - at first. Back to her home after her husband's burial, May causes her not to stay there. By rejecting the typical widow with her dull, inherited legacy, she goes to Paula who has a young son. Paula's boyfriend, Darren (Daniel Craig), is a robust entrepreneur who seems to take an extremely long time to complete an addition to May's son's house. It's still pretty drunk with Darren's cocaine, which Paula's treatment should have said he was still a member of the Royal Academy of Cads. What follows is a torrid adventure between Darren and the vicious and widowed widow (I dare say that I have been reborn?). The scenes of love are graphical, but occupy the second place in the amateur artist style and in the ink sketches of his songs, which then play a role in thriving drama (or disaster, choose yourself). The Manhattan Theater was packed for the second afternoon, presenting more than half of the audience in the age of May. That some were shocked or disturbed to see the disproportion with erotic abandonment in the arms of a much smaller man is an understatement. This terrible aspect of the waking passion of an older woman after decades of respecting her husband's desire to stay home and raise children (she also mentions that she did not like having friends - what type) presents a number of problems. While May's gift to Darren is not incest, there are real psychological dimensions and problems with a mother who keeps her daughter's lover. And Paula is not made of the brightest things. The deal, once revealed, allows the peeling of the mother-daughter relationship, which, from Paula's point of view, left something desirable. Ms. Bradshaw is excellent in the role of a girl who wants her mother's support, as well as her love - she has not received a terrible hand through life, but there is no bed of roses. /> She is still strong in her desire to recognize her sexuality and indeed to expect a future of happiness. But she is also inevitably vulnerable. Fishing in unknown emotional waters. Who controls her relationship with Darren and why there are difficult issues for her to understand, the less we resolve. In the sixties it is still an ongoing work. "Something must give" mature sexuality recently exposed, but in a fun antiseptic way, ensuring that no spectator will be disappointed. After all, Jack Nicholson and always the beautiful Diane Keaton cavorting in the rich world. And to ensure that serious psycho-social problems were not explored, Keaton's girlfriend, Amanda Peet, Keaton's daughter, not only blesses the game, but also ensures that the public knows she and her old hero never entered sack. <br /> <br /> It's not easy here. Anne Reid's inspired performance forces one another while attracting respect for others. Her naked body breaks with sexuality for some and seems absurd as an object of physical attraction to others (the comments of the members of the public who left today reflect all these points of view). Kudos to director Roger Michell for addressing a fascinating story with awe and empathy. <br /> <br /> 9/10.
