In the opening scene, the desperado wearing a patch called Hawkeye has a smooth forehead, but when he follows Johnny in Pueblo, he is shown with a scar on his patch. This is just one of the many shortcomings of continuity in this western Western spaghetti, but rather than divert it from the picture, it adds a special flavor to the process. Another thing occurs when Sanchez returns to the three dead bodies, must be examined for their identity - "You can not imagine how many false bodies we have in our city." Immediately thereafter, Carradine (Lawrence Dobkin) appears to collect his rewards with just a wanted poster in his hand. As for the main movie Johnny Yuma (Mark Damon), he is shown with his alternating heel on his right and left hip in the whole movie, after changing the arm belts with Carradine following the battles at the bar. Johnny heads to San Margo at the request of his uncle, but will have to avenge his death in the hands of his deceptive wife Samantha (Rosalba Neri) and her concubine brother Pedro (Louis Vanner). It takes some time to get there, but it's a fun walk with one of the best recorded music scores. Regarding the fight of the salon, we got a kick from the kung fu sound effects every time a punch is connected. Do you care about some exaggeration of stories? Following the duel with Pedro for the first time, Johnny wipes off a small amount of blood on his lip, which he manages to chase across Pedro's face. Similarly, when Pedro beats Pepe later in the movie, he does not cut him, but when he gets to Johnny, Pepe's girl is covered with blood. the best genre that does not have Clint Eastwood in it. As Johnny, Mark Damon is a reasonable place but without an outside. Carradine seemed to replace Lee Van Cleef's obligatory character without being a totally evil guy. At first, the sharing of identity between Carradine and Johnny did not seem to make sense, but everything related to the moment of the film's ending. You knew that every hiding place would end up receiving its debt; the mark time for each was a part of the anticipation. If you're wondering, the title hero has nothing to do with Nick Adams's character in Western Western TV "The Rebel". In this film, Johnny took his name from a rifle shot he had in Yuma once. Perhaps the most unique element of the story was related to how it linked things to Samantha the evil that had drawn rows behind the scenes throughout. After she fired Carradine, she beats a hasty retreat before Johnny can get revenge. Still alive, it seems that Carradine tries to shoot her and loves her, but Johnny and Sanchez do not take her too much to pursue her in the desert where she died without water - Carradine targeted her cafeteria.
