One of the most satisfying Western allies, Johnny Yuma, has the freshness of many WAIs made during the glory of genre and is highly recommended to fans of genre or intelligent cinema. Johnny Yuma is, in most respects, terribly original, but this is not really the case. The success of a genre film depends on how well it meets the expectations of the public, as well as the surprising variations of these expected elements. Previously, pleasant experiences are recreated, but with a subtle (or major) inclination that provides a continuous interest. The quality of execution is obviously important. A tired retreat will be less successful than a sincere attempt to entertain or move the audience. Given these criteria, Johnny Yuma manages. There are numerous replicas of elements in previous movies. The setting is the brutal, semi-feudal world that has been shared by many of the best westerners of the 1964-1968 "Gothic Family," such as Tempo di Massacre (1966). Complot is a combination of the Fistful of Dollars (1964) and Ringo films, which is not surprising because the screenwriter Fendiando di Leo was involved in both. Di Leo was one of the best screenwriters in the popular cinema that emerged from Cinecitta in the 1960s and 1970s and his work provided much of the thematic continuity and gender consistency (along with several other personalities in several distinct circles of actors , directors and screenwriters). In the FOD scenario, the protagonist reaches the city, provokes a tense situation, then suffers a near death, followed by a resurrection (in some films, such as Quella sporá storia nel west (1968) is literally a crucifixion). The Catholic subordinate of narration and symbolism is interesting, especially given the implicit populist / explicit socialist inclinations of their filming and films. Ringo's compilation, developed more by screenwriter Ernesto Gastaldi, in a series of films with Guliano Gemma, an egoist protagonist, chooses the interest of a community over its own person through a relationship with a member of that community of uncertainty. The relationship between Carradine and Johnny is clearly based on that of Manco / Mortimer from a Fistful of Dollar (1965). The two arms exchange scenes provide intelligent dialogue and understanding between the two. Numerous movies, including Da homo homo (1968) or even El Chuncho, quién sabe? (1967), use this relationship between an older person and a young man (father / son, bigger / lower brother, English / Revolutionary peasant counselor / adversary) as a central dynamics of the plot. is the emphasis on deception and misdirection, labyrinths and mirrors that are repeated over the best early WAI. The canyons and pueblos of Almeria become literary labyrinths where the protagonist and antagonist play cat and mouse change games. What distinguishes Johnny Yuma from other WAIs is the quality of Romolo Guerriri's use of visual / psychological space together with the intelligent mechanisms of the scenario to convey this plot. Dialogue has never been very important for WAI and often absurdly unintelligible (there are some exceptions such as cynical comments in Django (1966) or Faccia faccia (1967). The psychological depth of the character is almost entirely created by images imagination is a juxtaposition and is a description of the global narrative situation See how Samantha's deadly presence is felt during the beating scene - watching from the roof or background of the action - or as Johnny Samantha and Pedro's stripes of safety and confidence in their power , through its stealthy invasion from the ranch, hotel, even bedroom (this, again, is a theme from the FOD). Lastly, keep in mind how it focuses on searching for information. many items, this is borrowed from FOD , which was ultimately based on the novel of the hot hot mystery of Red Harvest. It is through accidental contacts, wanted posters, a conversations, window views, watches left in the shower, or mistaken identities and movements through the waves created by the actions of Pedro and Samantha in this surrealistic and absurd reality that narrative pushes her in favor of his conclusion. The film was notable in its watch were perceived as excesses in violence. Of course, these films were harder to beat than many Western American. What was different was the psychological intensity of violence and the causes to which it was attributed, not violence, but the meaning that has changed. Johnny Yuma is distinct and interesting in the use and representation of violence and this is another interesting aspect of the film. What I personally find the most interesting about most of this genre is the link it provides to anonymous, unnamed audiences in Italy and Spain to which these recurrent narratives had a certain significance and interest. Does the artifact have no intrinsic value in itself? some decorative stones from a prehistoric place, a raw ceramic chip or a piece of leather and a rusty metal? but it is an unnamed presence of lives that were significant simply because they existed. While Johnny Yuma has an intrinsic value, much of my interest derives from this bond and mystery. <br /> <br /> Top of Western Spaghetti http://imdb.com/mymovies/list?l=21849907 <br /> <br /> Media SWs http://imdb.com/mymovies/list? l = 21849889 <br /> <br /> Only for the fanatics (bottom of the barrel) http://imdb.com/mymovies/list? l = 21849890
