THE TENANTS began as a short novel from 1971 by the deceased Bernard Malamud - a writer / philosopher - who examined the conflicts between Jews and Africans in the Brooklyn incendiary atmosphere at the time of writing. As a novel, the story was unmistakable: as transcribed in a script by novices David Diamond and Danny Green (who also directs), it is more a cerebral dissertation that gradually erupts into action in the final moments. /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish novelist with a single book under the belt, but is currently trying to finish his "newest" book for ten years in writing. Convinced he must complete the novel in the same environment in which he began. he is the only tenant in a condemned Brooklyn dwelling owned by Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel), who is constantly trying to "buy" Harry's contract so that the dirty building is demolished. In this atmosphere enters another quasi-anti-Semitic military black Willie Spearmint writer (Snoop Dogg) whom Harry enlists, hides and offers help to the writer's attempt to write about the death of all white men. Harry's attempts to help Willie lead to conflicts, not least because of the encounter of Harry, Willie's girlfriend, beloved Jewish white Irene Bell (Rose Byrne), in a less friendly gathering of his militant brothers and sisters Willie. Willie and Irene are on the ground, and Harry falls in love with Irene and plans to leave New York as soon as Harry finishes his novel. When Willie listens to the accusation and is criticized by Harry, Willie explodes and begins descending descendancy not only of a delicate friendship but also of a competition between writers. The conclusion "reveals the slippery nature of the human condition and the human ability of violence and overthrow". The actors do their best with a scenario that is a bit odd, but despite the script lines that are on the border pretending to create credible characters. Cinema enhances the story, maintaining dense and dense mood, and primarily limited to the condemned building. The musical score uses the jazz solo jazz trumpet and the blues piano to emphasize the tension and isolation of each of these unreasonable characters. Although it takes some patience to succeed through brain strokes, the movie is finally worth pursuing. At least he tries to recreate Malamud's bizarre gaze on life in the big city. Grady Harp
