I come to Pinjar from an environment completely different from most other commentators who posted here. I'm relatively new to Bollywood movies and was born and raised in the US. So I do not have a broad base to compare Pinjar with other Indian movies. Fortunately, no comparison is needed. <br /> <br /> Pinjar is on his own as a masterpiece. <br /> <br /> In one line I can tell you that Pinjar is one of the most important films to come out of any studio anywhere at any time. On a mass appeal scale, it might have been the Indian equivalent of "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" if it had been appropriately promoted in the US. This could well be the movie that put Bollywood on the American map. The American movie audience has a long-lasting adventure with "Gone With the Wind" and, while Pinjar does not borrow from that plot, there are some passing resemblances. Last but not least, it's the 183-minute execution time (according to US standards). Unlike the Indian-Pakistan decade of 1947-48, it is a convincing human drama of a young woman who is closed to circumstances and terrified of the troubles she has not created. Put it in an unmistakable position, it somehow does not survive, but grow - and even blossom. If the story is missing in any way, it's in the show. The development of Puro (the protagonist) as a person would be better illustrated - at least for the Western public who is not familiar with Indian culture - if the "back story" of her character was more developed in the first part of the film. But that would have stretched a 3-hour movie to 3½ hours or maybe even more. Since no minute of the movie is wasted and none of the editing out of it could really be cut off for the sake of time. It is better that the audience needs to complete some of what appeared before leaving any remnants. We could use many words to describe Pinjar: "poignant", "disturbing", "convincing", "heart-limp" come to mind immediately. But "ascension" is perhaps as thorough as any of these. Any story that indicates the indigence of the human spirit against the most serious chances must be considered as such. And Puro's triumph - while perhaps not immediately obvious to those around her - is no less than inspired. For the power of the story alone I can not recommend this movie pretty much. <br /> <br /> Also inspired is the representation of Urmila Matondkar of Puro. Too often overlooked by the younger and younger actresses, Urmila has the unique ability to offer a completely credible character to any role he plays. She not only acts as Puro, she gives life to the character. The selection of Manoj Bajpai as Rashid was inspired. He's managing too little, Indian film heroes can: subtlety. His behavior of expression and nuance is essential to the role. It brings more threat at the beginning of the movie with piercing eyes than all those who fight the combined sword. If you only see a Bollywood movie in your life, do Pinjar.
