After Jack Nicholson's directorial debut, Drive, El Said at least looks like a talented director of actors. Even when the story seems to lose its way to the public (and to a modern audience - if they find it, which appears on eBay - it may seem more free than it is believed), the film contains live, exciting features. The film tells about two college children: the protagonist is Hector (William Tepper, within a break-out show), a Leopard star, the collegial basketball team he plays. While dealing with a coach (Bruce Dern) who has the pressure to stay focused and a girlfriend (Karen Black) with her own emotional problems, there is Gabriel (Michael Margotta), the other child. Gabriel, it seems, is just a little more than scared of the possibility of being elaborated, so in his own radical mood he does all he can to keep up. But as Hector tries to find the balance between his fame and those he loves, Gabriel goes beyond the threshold of being healthy. Nicholson, on the technical side of things, presents a fascinating editing style that keeps things on the edge of the basketball scene and implements the darkness in many other scenes with a documentary-feel throughout. And from Tepper, Black and even Robert Towne (writer of Chinatown, Last Detail and Mission: Impossible, among others, who rarely act), he earns credible work. Although there is a tendency in Tepper to undermine his emotions. In some scenes, for example, when they can act splendidly sarcastically, they do not play for what they deserve. From Margotta, on the other hand, there is a vibrant force, twisted in its performance, and as it descends, it is frightening, but it can be understood from time to time (and what is the climax). Dern steals most of his scenes, by the way, in a show that should have brought him an Oscar nomination. Each line of his dialogue is right, true and never inclined as in recent coaches' performance. <br /> <br /> But what pulls down the movie is that elements involving characters are not explained to the degree you might want more. The film was based on a novel by Jeremy Larner, who co-wrote the script with Nicholson, and I expected the movie to be longer than it was. It is a thin volume, with lots of information, about times, about sports, about the underlying feelings of the younger generation. Nicholson portrays these characters and situations and rarely shows them what motivates them (anti-war protesters are not included, their part is easy enough to understand). Gabriel is disturbed by what is happening in Vietnam, but what else is there? Hector is also a guy who has fears about being developed for the NBA and still loves to play but what keeps him back? This atmosphere is intriguing, as was the college / basketball experience of the 1960s, but that intriguing quality that leads to unconventionality is kept at a point where it can not go too far. On the whole, the effect of the film as a whole is bitter, and somewhat memorable for its good points, not the small ones. And, of course, you can tell who is behind the goal at every step. B +
