Eric Rohmer, "Lady and Duke." could have used a better translation for the title. "The English woman and the duke" would have been more accurate. Although it is obvious that this film is not for everyone, judging by the comments on this forum, it is worth seeing, because despite the complicated story model, Mr. Rohmer created a movie that could be seen as an art exhibition in a world- museum. Mixed technology used in the film ultimately works well. The strange story of Grace Elliott, a noble lady who had been the mistress of the King of England and the French Duc d'Orleans, draws our attention. The setting is Paris in the days that followed the French Revolution. The country was in crisis, and the power was in the hands of the people, who could not care less for the aristocrats. The images show the agitators running around the heads of famous people right after their guilty journey. The friendship relationship with Duc ended, but she remains a true friend of the great man who is in danger of losing his own head himself. Grace moves through all the horrors around her, unable to escape. She even has an enemy in her own house, in the form of a cook, Pulcherie, who would not hesitate to denounce her at least as a challenge. Watching the movie sometimes gives the viewer the impression that happens on a trip through the Louvre, watching those great canvases presenting this crucial epoch of French history. Rather than finding the digitization process distract, I found it to improve the film in many ways. Lucy Russell, like Grace Elliott, does a good job to describe this woman who has seen a lot in her life. French seems to be excellent because it seems to be fluent. As Duc d'Orleans, Jean Claude Dreyfus made a fantastic contribution, making us believe that he is the noble himself without effort. Also, the support was great. As a whole piece, Mr. Rohmer gets good performances around. For lovers of history, "The Lady and the Duke" will be an exciting movie to watch because of Eric Rohmer's vision.
