This is an amazing film to watch. Using digital technology, director Rohmer literally incorporated his actors into painted backgrounds. Most of the time this works brilliantly, especially at the beginning where the movie is like a pop-up history story come to life. It is less successful in some scenarios where it limits the room angles (they did not paint part of some buildings, for example), but it is a very interesting way to film a historical film that refers to both our misconceptions and limited views of history as history itself. It is reported using the memoirs of President Duc d'Orleans, Grace Elliott. So an event that was usually claimed by Marxist historians, especially in France, is said here from the point of view of a foreign female aristocrat. Inevitably there is another point of view - there can not be an objective representation. Using the memory device gives the film a pretty episodic quality. Personally, I found the story line about the death of the most interesting king. A charmed royalist is shocked when Duc votes for King's death (a basic knowledge of the French Revolution is probably useful to follow the dialogue between Grace and Duc here.) He was Louis's cousin and was elected to the Assembly, where he immediately changed his name at Philip Equality). The filming of Ludovic's death is masterful. Grace and her maids are in Meudon, outside of Paris, following a hill with a telescope. We do not see the execution, we just listen to the maid's comments, like Grace. The most dramatic event of the Revolution is on the screen. Grace can not bear to see the Emperor be killed. Her perspective is that of an aristocrat. Any justification of Louis's death is literally beyond her vision. This is a powerful and intelligent cinema. The love story between the duke and Grace is insinuated, never said, and is moving sharply (that Duc seems sometimes a pompous madman, what does he see in him?) The undergrounds of madness (simply existing that are enough to be a suspect) measures individuals over a period such as the Revolution are illustrated by the fact that Grace's life is turned upside down, her home is searched daily but still orders her servants to cook her food and is unable to dress If you have any interest in a subtle film, well said, the smart use of new technologies to tell an old story or the representation of a crucial moment in Europe's history, reported by an aristocratic foreign woman, her final alien, then it's worth the time It's a bit sluggish in places, but your patience is much rewarded.
