Like many Americans, I was first introduced to Hayao Miyazaki's work when I saw "Spirited Away". I fell in love with the film and I saw it many times. Now I'm on a quest to see every Miyazaki movie. One of his earlier works is "Castle in Heaven". Although it is still enjoyable, it is not as good as "Spirited Away" (although it compares this or any 2002 masterpiece is maybe unfair). A boy named Pazu (James Van Der Beek) is working in a late night one night when he sees a girl falling slowly out of the sky. When she wakes up the next morning she presents herself as Sheeta (Anna Paquin). But Sheeta has a secret, and before she knows, Pazu is dragged into an adventure that will endanger him with the pirates, the army, and a floating floating city. Getting into a movie of Hayao Miyazaki means you can expect one thing: a sense of wonder and magic. Many directors have tried, but no one can create a sense of magic and amazement as Miyazaki. Watching a movie by Miyazaki is like experiencing a fantastic dream from your childhood. Because the movie is animated, doubling the movie does not raise too much a problem, because it is almost impossible to determine whether or not the lip moves match the words. Also, the translated dialogue is well written and expressed by talented actors. Voice action is varied. James Van Der Beek is the best. He brings an irresistible and enthusiastic enthusiasm for Pazu's role, which is perfect for the character. Anna Paquin is almost as good as Sheeta. She is frightened by the events around her, but she knows what she has to do. Mark Hamill is unrecognizable as an evil Muska. She's dangerous and she wants something from Sheeta and she'll do anything to do it. The other voices are bad. Cloris Leachman is terrible like Dola. Leachman may have won an Oscar for "The Last Picture Show," but it's annoying as the pirate leader. Leachman gives the character an unpleasant noise that is almost always monotonous. It's so bad that it almost ruins the movie! Jim Cummings is an effective actor in the voice, but he is mischief as the general. I would certainly recommend seeing the "Castle in Heaven". I'm probably going to finish buying it. But although it's not as good as "Spirited Away," it's still good enough.
