Reclaimed from his original Japanese name Laputa (to be an offensive expression, something that director Hayao Miyazaki was blind at that time), Castle in the Sky is the third master animation movie, and is one of his most beloved of all time. Initially, a box-office disappointment in the 1986 version was hugged by critics and audiences around the world. Inspired by Jonathan Swift "Gulliver's Travels," THE CASTLE in the Sky is a story-based steampunk adventure action story about two young orphans - the young miner Pazu and the mysterious Sheeta girl (wearing a magic crystal around her neck) - who team to find the island Laputa, long lost, rumored to have great riches and precious stones. They are helped by a band of still pirated aerial pirates led by dola feisty (who Chase first, but prove to be true allies) and pursued by the government led by his most cunning secret agent, Muska, who wants the power of Laputa for his own benefit. For someone looking for an exciting way to spend two hours, this movie is an excellent choice, providing just the right amount of humor, exploration, wonder and mystery to keep one interested. The artwork, though not as spectacular as some of Miyazaki's movies, is fantastic and gorgeous to watch imaginative characters and locations, incredibly exciting action scenes and breathtaking flying sequences that will make you are you feeling ill. And while the characters who operate this story are less complex than Miyazaki's other works, each has a memorable and daring personality that remains with the viewer long after the movie is over. Dola, in particular, makes for a terrible comic character, shouting her diminutive sons for a moment and protecting Sheeta next. Muska is one of the few Miyazaki creatures to ever come across as an irrecoverable negative character, but like Dola, he commands each scene with a sinister charm that is so appealing and cool. <br /> <br /> Anime fans have often compared this film to Gainax NADIA's science-fiction series of sci-fi adventures: THE WHITE ALIMENT SECRET. After all, both works share the same elements of story and character ... without mentioning that both were created by Miyazaki himself. If both are different in their execution. NADIA, though charming for the most part, suffered from a wrong return halfway, turning into a cartoonish nonsense, yet distracted from the main plot even though it had a strong end. CASTLE IN SKY, on the other hand, remains constantly fun and focused for two hours and is all the better for him. While the epic tone of the film is sometimes divided by a few moments of "caricature," such as a beating between Pazu's boss and one of Dola's sons, he never gets to drop the movie. About eleven years ago, Disney released an English version with a big-name cast, such as James van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill, Mandy Patinkin and some cameo appearances by veterans, such as Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings. He also has an ambitious review of Joe Hisaishi's musical score for a Seattle Music Orchestra performance (interesting, the man behind this review is none other than the composer himself). As much as the purists blasphemed on this version for its occasional dialogue and for the above-mentioned withdrawal, Miyazaki did not have such problems; in fact, it is said to have applauded the reprocessing and for a good reason, because recently recharged music is indeed the star of the new oak. While there are some situations where filling the silent critical scenes from the original Japanese is a bit jarring (especially the journey through a dragon-infested storm cloud), global reprocessing is fantastic and, in many ways, improves on the original , especially in scenes such as when a robot attacks a fortress and climaxes to the end. Here, Hisas show his musical versatility and genius for matching music with visuals. <br /> <br /> As far as the performances in the go go, the leads are probably at the short end of the stick; James Van Der Beek's pazu sounds more mature than his character, while Sheeta de Anna Paquin speaks with a strange accent that sometimes fluctuates (a problem that works in favor of the character). Having said that, we both do good jobs as a whole and we offer a fairly credible chemistry throughout. It's a lively performance that makes this oak so fun, especially by Doyle's Cloris Leachman and by Mark Hamill's Muska. Both are perfectly expressed and steal each scene in which they are; as in the case of recharging, these two really guarantee a dual Disney obedience. The adaptation of the scenario sometimes occurs in the free part - there are quite a few additional lines and / or comments (some of which are invaluable for fun and some are somewhat exaggerated) - but besides at least a questionable change (Sheta's speech in the " can not live without love ", unlike the original" you can not survive except Mother Earth "), the general characters, the story and the spirit remain quite faithful to the original. On the whole, there are not many points to compare the Disney version with the original language track; each one puts his own stamp on this legendary masterpiece, and I like both of them. (I'm also better than Streamline / JAL's more literal, but robotic awful, lifeless, abisal acted and badly writing older elder owl since the late 1980s, I do not think anyone saying that this version is "Upper" to Disneys - trust me, the opposite is true.) Anyway, however, you can not go wrong with CASTLE IN SKY. It is one of Miyazaki's greatest moments, and I strongly recommend it.
