The first of the official Ghibli films, Laputa, is most similar to its predecessor Nausicaa, but while Nausicaa was an SF epic, it is rather a comedy adventure action with a rather weak premise of the SF. <br /> <br /> In the first half hour of the movie, I thought I would love him. Once again you are amazed at Miyazaki's attention to details and his ability to conjure an imaginary world into a meticulous and beautiful perfection. The animation, though not yet in the Ghibli movie league later, is slightly better than in Nausicaa. I mentioned in my review about Nausicaa that a character is drawn into an anime more "Lupine" style. There's a bunch of them here: pirates. They offer the comic strip element, though quite why he needs a comic item, I'm not sure. There was nothing fun about Nausicaa, and I think it would be better for that. Yet. after saying that Dola, the pirate leader, is easily the most memorable character in the movie (even if he is basically a Long John Silver woman.) Do not be surprised if you sometimes remember "Treasure Planet") and are well expressed by Cloris Leachman in American Oak. The spoken English voice is often paid, in fact. However, something started to go in the form of a steam for me about this film about half way. I think the best way I can describe is that the characters are swallowed up by the vast purpose of the story. I will return to this later. There is so much to admire for Laputa, and so many people obviously love him that I almost feel like I just want to give him 8 out of 10, but for me the operative word here is "admire". He was more impressive than personally, and over two hours he started shooting. The crucial thing for me was this: I really discovered that I do not care much about any of the characters. Disney would have taken care to develop their characters, make you really fall for them, rather than leave them like relatively two-dimensional pieces to be moved as you headed for the amazing dreams of the movie. Even that could have been tolerable if there was anything in the story to deal with, but in reality there were a lot of stories about the princess and magic crystals. There, Laputa falls as far as I worry, and that's keeping him out of potential 10 out of 10 movies. Speaking of this, we must admit that Miyazaki was in front of Disney, in general, in 1986, when you thought their movie of the same year was "The Wonderful Detective of the Mouse" quite terrible. <br /> <br /> Laputa is a good movie somehow amazing movie and you should definitely see it, but I feel it's over-rated. I definitely prefer "Nausicaa in the wind valley" earlier. BTW, if you look at them in chronological order, watch the fox age of Nausicaa appear briefly in Laputa.
