I realized that I used IMDb for years and that I did not see my favorite movie. By my favorite I do not want to say something I like now, I mean that this movie is so supernaturally perfect that there is never another animated experience to touch it. This is obvious because I will never be a child anymore; I saw this film on ITV in the early nineties. I was 12 years old, that is the age group to which this film is heading, and I am male, the genre for which this film is intended (the overwhelming majority of Miyazaki's protagonists are women). Consequently, this film inspired my childhood psychology and I am indebted to Carl Macek forever. For the production of the English film of this film, which is far superior to Di-ney's production, which is not even funny - capable to look at a single subtitle, of course, is the only way finally the Macek version is so good (almost exactly the voices of the original Japanese actors) that this version is available on the Japanese DVD! Not available for distribution in an English-speaking country. Go. <br /> <br /> There are hundreds of competent reviews so I'll put some trivia here, not that I'm the definitive archive of the information for this movie. <br /> <br /> First of all, I would like to agree with the reviewer who said you need 20 out of 10 to review Miyazaki's films - they are so in their own league that they make almost the entire catalog on IMDb combined pale in insignificant. <br /> <br /> The fascinating story with this film is that Miyazaki founded the rural area around the Slag's Ravine (Pazu area) on the Welsh mining communities. He visited Wales for several months in the early 1980s (might be the late 70's) right after one of the major mining strikes. Being an avid supporter of the student socialist movements in the sixties, he felt their situation. The struggle between locals and pirates at first serves to illustrate this empathy with the working man. Rural country and clouds, especially in this film, I remember where I grew up, while his film describes a fantastic version of the hills in the west of the British Isles. <br /> <br /> The island is, of course, of the 18th century Swift novel's satirical genius - the story of Swift's book is deliberately ridiculous. In the sky in the sky, Miyazaki blends myths like Atlantis and the Tower of Babel - I think the architecture is moreover based on Peruvian ruins, although I'm not sure someone told me that. <br /> <br /> Anyone who will meet to read this review and who likes this movie REAL will want to check Miyazaki Mirai Conan's Future Boy Conan series - based on the short novel of science "The Incredible Tide "by Alexander Key (the novel is available online). Conan is essentially a prototype for Pazu and Shita of Laputa. Additionally, you may not be familiar with his previous work for Masterpiece Theater - a part of his main animation of cadres. He also made a key framework for the Sherlock Hound - this has some of the best backgrounds I've seen myself. Also check out Miyazaki and the first feature film Horos Prince of the Sun (1968) - astonishing today's standards. What else ... the Celtic Gauche and the flying ghost ship - though they are quite rare. This movie is such a gift, I do not know what I would do without it with all this other story about nonsense, it's like an oasis. Arigatou Miyazaki-sensei!
