The castle in the sky is undoubtedly a film Hayao Miyazaki. After seeing it for the first time, I'm glad to say it does not disappoint. On the contrary, get the right time, which means (in Miyazaki's films) is nothing less than excellent! <br /> <br /> Produced at the beginning of his cinematic career, Castle in the Sky anticipates many of the marks in his later films, with strong (but young) characters forced to grow due to external circumstances, helped by characters interesting (and sometimes full of love). And, of course, the usual battle of nature versus civilization, flying cars (a lot of it!), Beautiful landscapes painted? but unfortunately no pig (at least we noticed, after all I saw it once). Miyazaki had already had his theater debut two years earlier with Nausicãa, which was a rehearsal for Princess Mononoke, his magnum opposite. Castle in the Sky is part of these two, with a soft 30-minute packed action similar to its Conan television series and his episodes directed by Meitante Holmes. Here we are presented Sheeta, a girl literally falling from the sky, only to be found by Pazu, a boy working in a rural mining town. Intrigued by her amnesia and suspected of a link between her and the mysterious city flying Laputa, Pazu is called upon to help find out where she came from while escaping the army and a gang of pirates. As the movie progresses, the plot gets harder and more exciting, revealing Myiazaki to the best. <br /> <br /> The soundtrack resembles Spirited Away (or vice versa, as the first castle in the sky was produced) and, like his director Joe Hisaşi - the composer starts with a very easy score , which becomes more complex and enjoyable as the plot goes on! A note of English dubbing with a good performance from the two stars, although Sheeta de Anna Paquin has a very thick accent (which the actress still had at that time in her career) and heads-up for Mark Hamil as Muska, who fit for a delightful but diabolical villain! <br /> <br /> Do not miss this people!
