Hayao Miyazaki's second feature film, his first being both commercially and critically acclaimed (although his debut - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of the Wind is considered by many of his best fans), the Castle Tenku no Shiro Rapyuta "AKA" "may seem childish and simplistic in comparison with more recent masterpieces, such as Kiki's Delivery Service, Mononoke-Hime and Spirited Away, but in 1986 it was a few and it was one of the modern anime landmarks. It is important to remember that the "Castle in Heaven" was made two years before the revolutionary "Akira" and although it is not provocative and controversial as the above-mentioned masterpiece , the main characters are mainly manga hero / core characters and the story is quite predictable and obvious (at least in today's standards), Miyazaki's cartoons and animation are stand While the story and the humor are sometimes foolish and sometimes outdated, the film is still very fun and very enjoyable - if not as astonishing as "Spirited Away". And if you let yourself see the beauty of the frames yourself and ignore low-budget coloring and animation and identical faces with twins - at this moment Miyazaki is still faithful to his roots and the standards of Japanese cartoons - you will see Miyazaki's genius shining like and "Spirited Away" and Mononoke. While the "Castle in Heaven," being a science fiction adventure and very suitable for children, fits better with classical anime than anything else ever done, its motives and principles still show and play an important role. To say much more would be to destroy the movie, so I'll shut it down. Suffice it to say that I give it only the new stars, because if I gave it ten I could not go up for "Spirited Away" and "Princess Mononoke." And that would be a crime. As with most anime movies, I recommend you watch the Japanese version with English subtitles, even if you do not speak a Japanese word - they tend to be very good, and this is just terrible. You may want to watch it in the English version once, however, just for laugh and for the star cast (the English album was recorded only after the success of Spirited Away, as it was for the " delivery of Kiki - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (Yes, Dawson!) Complete the main roles, Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker from "Star Wars", if you do not know!) Play the bastard and other roles are completed by Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille (The Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane (Friar Tuck from Robin Hood) and Mandy Patinkin (Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya ...) laughs, or a few laughs really But look first at the Japanese one.
