Listening to the soundtrack at the moment, the images come back with a glow that makes my desire for a dry eye very strong (so I can write it). I have seen it twice so far and I would be ashamed to see it only twice. I have seen all the Miyazaki & Ghibli movies and they are nothing less than masterpieces (except perhaps for Nausicaa that was even in the non-cut version too premature compared to the non-plus-ultra manga). However, their power sometimes becomes their weakness, as they tend to become too naive / positive (Chihiro), or, more harshly, a little too explicit / moralistic (Mononoke). At least, compared to, for example, the other master Ghibli Takahata (Grave of Fireflies / Only Yesterday / Raccoon Wars). But not that. In Laputa, Miyazaki pours out all the brilliant stories that have gathered and perfected over the ages, combined with a bit of morality but well intertwined with not only a completely transcendent atmosphere, but also with Totoro's humor and fun of example. Every main character is perfectly portrayed with the doubts and fears and qualities that help them overcome the difficulties. Pacing is so perfect that I know nothing but a black hole that could exert such a gravity on the whole being. The story presents itself as a hit with the mysteries it has suggested, but when the girl falls from heaven, unconsciously, floating with the stone and the main theme comes in, you will see a wonder of the great mystery you are going to discover, but the story is then gradually resolved on a series of scenes chosen by action and a serene beauty built in an unforgettable climate of melancholy, hope, beauty, after days of sleep, finally seeing the horizon on a clear morning, knowing that he walked, seeing the distance ahead, but smiling at the simple fact that he managed to catch a glimpse. It's like a white exploded light in the skull, when credits start to roll, you keep your eyes dry and your mind numb, you should see a therapist. Despite the fact that from a technical point of view some of the more recent Miyazakis might be more overwhelming, I remain the undisputed masterpiece. If you take a fraction of a second to realize it was made in 1986, you can only conclude that Hayao Miyazaki is a genius like a star that appears only once every 200 years. Of course, this has been suggested before, but for me this is his only film that can, on his own, fully illustrate this simple fact. If you miss it during your life, you will die with a huge gap - which would be a shame because the coffin costs the same.
