Have you ever wanted to get rid of your boring and stressful life at school or at work and go into your magical adventure with one of your closest friends on your side, with whom you face all sorts of dangers and evildoers and loose the mystery of a lost civilization that only expects someone to discover all its secrets? Even if you are not that much like a fan of fantasy, have you ever wanted to feel just how to be a child and not take care of the world for just a few hours? <br /> <br /> This is exactly what Miyazaki's "Castle in Heaven" is. Pazu, a young but very brave and ambitious engineer, lives a rustic life in a mining town until one day, a girl named Sheeta falls from heaven as an angel and takes her on a journey in a far place of the clouds, while while they have pirates and hot military units on their tracks. It is simply the incredible adventure that every child dreams at one time or another, and I can not feel that my worries melt each time I see it. of Miyazaki's older works and occupies a lot of space in the everyday world, the film is not so spectacular or deep in its story, such as Spirited Away, Castle's Moving Castle or even Princess Mononoke. However, it seems difficult to say that any of these films are superior to the other, because all three films are, at one point or another, mystical to the point of being enigmatic, if not entangled, especially for the smallest of viewers. The "Castle in the Sky", on the other hand, does not attempt so much to be an allegory of any kind and there is no story about the age; is rather one of the best representations of the inner child's mind that I have ever seen. Not only is art beautiful, but the use of perspective in the eyes of children is just stunning; whether it's a panorama of the "room" to see enormous trees or clouds above the head, or the incredible sense of height to look down to the ground or ocean while hundreds of feet in the air can only help FEEL like I'm there with Pazu and Sheeta, just a kid in another world, far from reality. Even the children themselves do not have a complex relationship that suggests a need for hope such as Ashitaka / San or Chihiro / Haku; Sheeta is the angel of Pazu, who literally fell into his heavenly life one day, the absolute perfect person for him from the beginning. As the film progresses, more and more of their true spirit of childhood adventure comes out of their handsome words and fairly realistic facial expressions. Not only are they an adorable reminder for who I was, but their daring friendship never leaves the movie all the time, becoming stronger until the last frame. For this reason, I fell in love with the two more than I had with any other Miyazaki couple. At the same time, "Castle in the Sky" is a movie so easily accessible because no matter what kind of casual movie box you can be, you will be sure to find the solution here. Mystery, action, drama, comedy, suspense, sci-fi, romanticism, even some western ... everything is here, almost everything people go to movies (except maybe horror). That's why I can easily recommend it as a first Miyazaki movie; is perfect for those who have no expectation of being already seen the incredible alteworldliness of some of its more recent works. Even the final song of the film, when translated into English, conveys the sense of missed discovery of a lost civilization and a type of soul that could not be found in our worldly lives. "The reason I want many lights is that you are there in one ... The earth is spinning, wearing you, wearing both those who will certainly meet." Miyazaki has always offered poetic verses to make final songs from Joe Hiasashi's superb scores, but this is the only one I've ever seen, both a love song and an inspired dream. I woke up to tears just by listening to it. The Castle in the Sky can not be Miyazaki's most developed, spectacular, or significant work, but it is absolutely perfect for what really was meant to be: a true vision of children's fantasy and a wonderful escape for any adult who I wish they could have the same wonderful feeling of imagination they had when they were just babies. Stay back, relax and love for what it is.
