It's always difficult to print a movie as "the best", whether it's all time, a certain genre, or what you have, but I think it could be made a strong argument that in fact Laputa is the biggest animated movie ever made. It is in my mind the masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki, the most talented of animated directors in Japan, and best surprises her strengths as a director, narrator, and designer, as well as encapsulates all of her favorite homework themes. The version I'm reviewing is the American Double in 2003 (I know sacrilege for an anime fan with high hardness not to watch it in the mother tongue); there is at least one other dub dub dubi there, I have VHS (I have no idea of ​​what source), and this version is the only double dub I've ever met of any movie. But I thought better to focus on the version people can find. Laputa tells about a boy named Pazu (expressed by James Van Der Beek here) who grows in a mining town when one day a young woman named Sheeta (Anna Paquin) literally escapes from the sky. It seems to be being pursued by a sinister government agent, Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magical crystal that hangs around his neck. To keep things alive, there is also an incredible pirates band after the crystal, led by Dola (Cloris Leachman) aging. The land revolves around the crystal's ability to reveal the location of the fabulous Laputa Flying City, a potential treasure trove of scientific knowledge and hidden treasure. It's very much, according to a fairytale setting, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far to take the story, and the plot is sprinkled with moments of "Gosh-wow" and threaded with the usual morality and warnings of abusing the power of nature. <br /> <br /> Design works on Laputa, almost twenty years later, are still revolutionary. The flying machines of all kinds abound, absolutely impossible, but so meticulously designed to accept them instantly without blinking. The world is set somewhere around the twentieth century, with telegraphs and ancient cars alongside those awesome flying machines. But the city itself is a brilliance full of execution; Laputa is both the Garden of Eden and the fire itself, and in that the juxtaposition is its appeal, its power and its danger. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a carefully designed and beautifully rendered movie, Laputa is blessed with a wonderful sense of cinema. From high-speed flight hits to high-speed chase on one-man flyers to ships sunk in the clouds as if they were water, Laputa displays an area that most movies? even with the magic of CGI? maybe just about today. Although we see only a small part of this world, its simple elegance extends beyond the boundaries of the frame, and we have no problem believing in it. The film also contains one of my favorite, if not the most interesting, sequences of action ever: a guardian robot who has fallen on Earth is accidentally reactivated and ravages this fortress is kept in while still trying to protect Sheeta (who was the one who awakened him). Meanwhile, Pazu and the pirates are thrown into their small flying machines to literally pull them off the jaws of destruction. From the horrible view of the rural incinerating robot to the last exciting second rescue, the whole sequence is a masterpiece of synchronization angles and the room and know exactly how far to take the audience. <br /> <br /> This helps Laputa have an amazing score. Composer Joe Hisaishi captures the wonderful beauty of this world, the incompetence, the exciting action, and the creepy otherworldliness of the flying city and its bizarre robot guards. Although it has re-registered it for this DVD version (which IMO is not an improvement to its original score), adding songs here and there, the score fits in perfect pictures, a totally rare union of sound and vision. <br /> <br /> It's not a bad doubt. I am very fond of the older English couple, and that explains things too much, but I was almost shocked by how closely these voices matched those (and those well suited to the Japanese). Dola, in particular, is hard to be right, but Leachman is on the spot as an old, hot pirated woman (her sons are not as good as the original). Paquin does a good job like Sheeta and Mark Hamill, while I knew he was too early, is more than talented enough to make Muska (I liked Muska a little longer, but Hamil is good). Much of the film is based on Pazu's shoulders, and Van Der Beek is great. His listening made me think that this crew had to have access to the other double oak, because VDB fits very closely with the original Pazu. Though again watching a dub is a theme for excommunication among the otaku believers, as much as I like this film, I do not think you're sacrificing a great deal simply by watching this anglicized version. Pixar's John Lassiter puts it in front and my suspicion is that he, like many others, simply loves this film so much that they have tried a great deal to ensure their high quality. Miyazaki has been successful in America in recent years with Spirited Away and Mononoke (one of his few movies I did not care about), but for me Laputa is still his crown. Anyone familiar with his later work will almost certainly enjoy this earlier work, and again, this film is a master at the top of his form by striking each cylinder. I would have paid a lot of money to see this on a big screen; While this will never happen, it's good to know that at least this classic has been preserved on DVD.
