So far, you have heard about the new Double Disney of the classic Miyazaki movie, Laputa: The Castle in the Sky. In the summer of 1998, Disney launched the "Kiki's Delivery Service" on video containing a preview of Laputa dub, saying it took place in "1999". It is obvious that in the last year, but the oak was finally completed. And it's not "Laputa: The Castle in Heaven," just the "Castle in the Sky" for oak because Laputa is not such a beautiful word in Spanish (even if they use the word Laputa often in dub). You have also probably heard that the world-renowned composer Joe Hisaishi, who recorded the original film, has come back to regain excellent music with new arrangements. Laputa came out in front of the Totoro Nation and after Nausicaa in the Valley of Wind, who started Studio Ghibli and is a series of long blows. And in my opinion, I think it is one of Miyazaki's best movies, with a powerful lesson in this two hour and four minute jewelry. Laputa: The castle in the sky is a film for all ages and I urge everyone to see it. For those unfamiliar with the story of Castle in the Sky, it starts right from the beginning and does not stop for the next two hours. The story is so impeccable and crafted, you see Miyazaki's true vision. And believe me, it's fantastic. The film begins with Sheeta, a girl with a helluva past, while she is held captive by government in an aircraft. Sheeta holds the key to Laputa, the castle in the sky and a long-lost civilization. The key to Laputa is a sacred pendant it has, which is sought after by many, namely the government, the military and air pirate group, the Dola band (which Sheeta and Pazu do later). Soon, the pirates attack the ship and it escapes during the raid. It falls a few thousand feet, but the fall is also soft due to her pendant. As he floats from the sky, Pazu, an orphan boy who survives by working in me, sees Sheeta and catches her. The two become quick friends, but thanks to her pendant, the two are trapped in a giant stroll, while the band and the Dola government are trying to surprise Sheeta. One sequence of action after another, we learn all the motives and identities of the character as we build the emotional and actionable climax that will surely please you with all the fantastic animations and the wonderful dialogue. Plus a somewhat overturned surprise. I think this movie is simply remarkable and it lasts for two hours and four minutes. The story is wonderful as we enter the animation of Hayao Miyazaki, which has no limits. Movie adjustment is a combination of several time periods. It seems to be happening in the late 1800's, but it's an alternate universe with advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also a surprising funny movie. The film has hilarious moments, almost equal to the drama and action of the film. I think the funniest part is a battle scene in which Pazu's boss faces a pirate and as soon as a revolt breaks out. It's funny as we see that men compare their power, and music fits perfectly with it perfectly. Now let's talk about how dub doubts. An excellent cast gives some great performances to bring these characters to life. Teen heart beat James Van Der Beek plays the role of the hero Pazu, who has a much mature voice, then in the Japanese version, where the original sounded more for children. In any case, I think his voice fits nicely with Pazu. Anna Paquin, the young Oscar winner of The Piano, plays Sheeta. It is also a pleasant performance, but the voice is a bit uneven, it does not remain faithful to a single accent. Sometimes it sounds as American as apple pie, but sometimes it sounds like someone in New Zealand. The performance I enjoyed most was, however, by Coris Leachman, who played Mama Dola. Not only is it an excellent performance, but the voice and emotion it gives to the character brings it to life. If there ever was a live Laputa (G-d) movie, she would be the one to play it, you can imagine it in the role (well, somewhat). Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill is Muska, and this is another top Hamill show. You may have familiarized yourself with Hamill from a long line of voice work after making the original Star Wars movies, but it makes Muska bad. His voice sounds like his usual and mixed voice of Joker, who played for many episodes of the animated series Batman. In conclusion, actor Jim Cummings, the voice of the voice, is doing a great and gruffing job as General and Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin as members of gay Dola. Now let me talk about what really makes this special oak, the newly-arranged music of Joe Hisaishi! For those who have never heard of him, Mr. Hisashi makes music, and like all the Miyazaki movies, music is very memorable. Each of his scores has his own characters that perfectly fit the particular movie. Now these new arrangements are more "American", which I think was the purpose of the new recordings. Do not worry, the classic songs of the Japanese version are still here in great shape. The score, for me, seems to be arranged that this is a Hollywood blockbuster. It has more power, has a greater emphasis, is clearer and deeper. The prologue of the movie, the first few seconds in which we introduced the aircraft, has a new music (I'm not sure, but I think when I saw the first time the ships were not music at all). But most of the music has new backgrounds and background music more enjoyable. Things look great. In a strong scene, music is stronger than in the original versions. In a calm scene, she's quieter. Overall, I think many of you will be happy with the new arrangements and mix, I have done a lot and personally think that it helps to improve the movie. I prefer a new score over the old one, and I hope Disney will either release or license the music rights to a soulful soundtrack. Another part of the oak plus is that the story remains faithful and much of the original Japanese lines are intact. In Kiki, I'm sure some lines have been changed, and in the same way the lines have been changed. But most of them are close to or exactly the original lines and the dialogue that Miyazaki wrote. I was afraid that some excellent lines would have been shattered, but they were intact. Several new lines have been added to help. But I'm not sure whether to consider this a good thing or a bad thing, Disney did not translate the ending song, it was in Japanese. I was mortified when they made completely new songs for Kiki dub, but with this version is the original song ... in Japanese. So I think it's good that it's still original, but bad, because most people who see this oak speak English. There is a large lower part of this oak, and it deals with how the voices match the character of the lips. Of course, in any oak it will not be perfect, but I think in Kiki and Mononoke doubling the matching lines was much better done (and Disney had more time with that ...). Sometimes everything fits perfectly, sometimes it does not fit perfectly, and in a rare case, someone says something and the lips do not move at all (there is a scene where Sheeta chicks and the mouth does not move a bit). As for the movie itself, these are my thoughts. I thought the most amazing part of Laputa was the animation. From the opening sequence to the end, the animation is so luxurious and detailed, you just have to watch with amazement. You will see the true nature of each character, the true detail of their face with extreme close and action. You have to give credit for the effort these animators have put into this movie. Everything is so well done and beautifully drawn manually, it's like a piece of art on the move. And to think, this was done in the mid-1980s. Animation is quite different from Disney, Ghibli has its own distinctive flare that is very different, but very good. And after all these years, the colors look as vibrant as ever. Laputa also has tons of action sequences, a lot of airplane dogfights plus a few on the ground. These sequences are so well done and so exciting, it is frightening that they are comparable to a big budget action movie. And the end is just something you have to see. The sound effects are pure and classic and fit explosions, firearms and anything else. And like all Miyazaki movies, each focuses on a different theme (for example, Kiki: Confidence). It has a great lesson about greed and power. People do not realize how big you can get greedy and how you do not have too much power. People are obsessed with power and are greedy, and the main villian, Muska, looks a lot like this. Overall, Laputa: The Castle in the Sky was a great movie for the beginning and is now mostly improved. I am glad that a wider audience now has the chance to see this classic animated movie in all its glory. With a good voice that put a lot in the movie with Joe Hisaishi's excellent redone score, Disney has done a nice job on this oak and is quite worthy. Although I think the voices are better suited to the Kiki and Princess Mononoke Disney doubts, Castle In The Sky is still a big oak and deserves long delays, because now more can expierence a fantastic movie.
