I saw this movie in a London cinema in 1975 and I have not seen it since then. It seemed hilarious. I liked the originality. It's rare for someone to make a movie like this - and it's sad too. What I'm saying is that I once read a book called "The Black Hotel" - and as a movie fan, always "picture" as movies. She 'adapts' them, you know? But as I read it, I thought it would be a great movie - but of course it would have had to be "adapted" - to the point where it would have little to do with the book. <br /> <br /> But then I thought, well why? Sure, it could never be shown on TV afternoon Sunday, but provided they were shown in ADULTS cinemas, who knew what it contained, where is HARM? Fuck, my civil liberties were crushed here. A director should be able to make a literal adaptation of "The Black Hotel". In an ideal world, censorship of adult films should not exist. But unfortunately, while I accept that with INTELLIGENT adults this freedom could be harmless, it would always be those who would lack the rationality of making the difference between fantasy and reality and who might be impelled to commit illegal deeds. <br /> <br /> However, it's hard to see how "La Bete" falls into that category. Upon his appearance in England, the British censor rejected him. Despite the relaxation of '69 on nudity, taking into account the theoretical theme of the movie about bestiality, if the censor passed any of them, he would have been looking for a new job Monday. In those days, there was an alternative. G.L.C. It was a local local council with a department that had the power to broadcast a film just to London, where the audience was considered to be "more sophisticated" than the people who lived in sticks. has been advanced and duly completed. However, it later emerged that the "council" consisted of only four people - three who voted, plus a "president". And on that day one of the voters was ill. So the other two voters and the president sat down to see La Bete. One of those voters believed, like me, that the movie was hilarious and is unlikely to encourage the unlawful deeds by ANYONE. The other had no imagination and simply thought the play was disgusting. And the president did not understand it, so he decided to wander on the side of freedom. When the disappeared voter saw the movie in the end, they thought it was disgusting, but it was too late! The film received the "X-London" certificate and was open to mixed reactions. G.L.C. the film censorship film was disbanded right after! Thus, "La Bete" opened only in London by what could be best called FLUKE! But I'm glad it was. It's great! If you have not seen him, do it. It's a FANTASY and as such is much less disturbing than most of the things you see in news these days ...
