Regardless of the personal opinion that Walerian Borowczyk Grotesque, still beautiful jewelery "La bête" of 1975, we have to admit, this bizarre jewel is an absolutely unique cinematic experience. Borowczyk's erotic story has been forbidden in many countries for a long time and it is quite obvious why this controversial jewel was the victim of the stupid film censors. "La bête" is a fascinating blend of intense and beautiful fairy-tale, fairly eroticism and a real curiosity that courageously refuses to take any compromise. The fact that beastality is one of the central themes of the film did not help with censorship, but it made it extremely controversial and therefore known by a wider audience. Pierre de l'Esperance (Guy Tréjan), the head of a French aristocratic family, has arranged for his detained son Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti) to marry Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel), the young and beautiful daughter of a wealthy English family. Due to an old curse, Mathurin's uncle (Marcel Dalió) is strictly against the wedding. When Lucy and her mother reach French property, Lucy is immediately fascinated by a portrait of 18th century Romilda's ancestor (Sirpa Lane) and an old book with bizarre drawings. The story soon comes down to a bizarre dream of sexual fever ... Without giving too much, I can say that fans of exceptional cinema should not think that this movie is missing. Bizarre, "La bête" is undoubtedly also amazingly beautiful in style, scene and cinema. The fever-dreaming atmosphere is present inside and outside the dream sequences. Forest property and the imposing mansion of the family are magnificent settings, and the beautiful score and incredible cinema create an overwhelming atmosphere for this grotesque story. Extremely explicit sexuality ranges from erotic (elegant female nudity, fiery actresses) to serious dementia and somewhat disgusting (concerns about the genitals of horses while having sex, ...); in both cases it is unlikely to be forgotten. The entire cast of "La bête" is fantastic and all involved offer extraordinary performances in eccentric characters (some of which are seriously demented). The film takes advantage of an exceptionally beautiful cast, be it Lisbeth Hummel in the lead, Finnish actress Sirpa Lane (who, unfortunately, died of Aids in 1999) as an ancestor in the dream sequences, or the relatively unknown act, but especially full Pascal Rivault, who plays the aristocratic daughter who has the opportunity to have sex with a black servant in a closet. I do not intend to give a complete description of the most important parts of the plot, because it simply has to be seen to be believed. Some of the scenes are among the most bizarre ones he ever got on the film, the scenes with the "eponymous beast" being certainly among them. Of course not a cup of tea, but highly recommended to fans of the controversial and unusual cinema. A real gem of worship!
