Polish film Walerian Borowczyk La Bête (French, 1975, known as Beast) is one of the most controversial and courageous films ever made and a very excellent one. This film tells everything that was generally hidden and denied about our nature and our sexual nature, especially with the symbolism and silence of its imagery. The images may seem wild, perverse, "sick" or exciting, but all refer to the ones mentioned in the end. Sex, desire and death are very powerful and primordial things and dominate all the flesh that has a human soul in it. They are interested and tempting us so strongly (and by our nature) that they are considered scary, unacceptable, and too wild to be true. A sophisticated woman travels with her mother in a French rural country to meet her husband, who will soon become and who, with her, had a sort of written adventure. Everything is very interesting and the parents and relatives of others are looking forward to seeing the new people arriving in their families. The innocence of the young bride shines and no one knows what can happen and awakens inside the walls of the beautiful and beautiful French mansion with all its people and animals and a mysterious "la bête" that turns out to be something that the characters and the most much of the movie audience would never have imagined them to be real and (in front of them). The film has the same theme as Canadian David Cronenberg (Shivers, 1975), which happens inside a huge luxury building where destructive and goral parasites spread from person to person through sexual intercourse and make people act angrily and violent in their desire for pleasure and fulfillment of instincts. Man has instincts that can be and are stronger than his will and that is why instincts can be as dangerous and powerful as the instincts of another animal, a beast, whether it is a desire for blood, vengeance or sex and carnal pleasure. Humans are just animals that have intelligence and tools to transmit them, but also because we are animals, that intelligence is not always used too much, as can be seen anywhere around us. The film opens very much and very shocking for most hypocritical attitudes, showing a frightening male horse while waiting to enter the sea and continue the race, but the visible anger and lust that we see from the eyes and the violent movements are the key elements of this beginning and why it is there, not those close to organs, as it could be so easily claimed. The horse is a beast fighting in almost unnecessary heat in the heat that is much stronger than its will because it has no control at that time. The power of instinct transforms an animal into a beast. After the beginning of the memory, the characters are introduced and the film has fantastically all the necessary age groups inside it from the innocent young children who are waiting to grow and develop their flowering to the adults and the elders, representing their whole part of life, creating the face of human life on the screen. A movie does not necessarily need more characters in this way, because all the important ones are already there and represent the entire race, including urban and rural residents, and both sexes. The manor awakens the girl's sexuality to the protagonist, while seeing the coupling and action horses, as he has never thought of. For the first time, she sees something unique and something that excites and feels almost vital to her and her body, such as getting water when you are thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element in the film because she lived without knowing these things inside her, mother and the room, and a letter lover, even if things just waited for it to burst. Meat wants flesh and belongs to the human being, but yet those things are not so easily accepted everywhere and movies like these are trying to describe that they are forbidden for decades? Man's stupidity and lack of will to interpret images should not be an argument for a film to be banned or otherwise violated. The last 30 minutes of the movie are also as important as the beginning, and again shows how powerful the cinema is without words and useless words. As a girl and audience realize what her body begins to feel and wishes, she begins to have dreams about the mysterious beast that turns out to be none other than the form stripped of ourselves, living in the forest without other people. The dream sequence is the one that provokes and provoked most of the controversy, along with the honest and honest general attitude of the film, and the images are so easy to appreciate as "perverse" and "pornographic" without the courage to go deeper in them, personal reactions and thoughts behind what we see. The images are exciting in her dream and possibly inside the dream for the human character of the dream, and Borowczyk forces us to recognize with pictures that are so close to a "normal" sexual act between a man and a woman, which is a beautiful thing and expression of love, another human need. Also, the many humorous and humorous humorous scenarios inside the mansion, between the mother and the black servant, are interrupted many times as someone shouts for a servant, for example, and there is no doubt that the sensual image of two young human beings organs that are together and interrupted with an angry cry at least do not become more enjoyable by the interruption. Borowczyk managed to paint his images so beautiful and "sensitive" that his message is almost impossible to misunderstand, but nothing seems impossible for our cultures and minds that criticize art. He uses the dialogue only when necessary, otherwise the images do the job and make the movie strong. Also, death is there, because the meat dies sooner or later, after years of life and instincts, dies. The conclusion is inevitable, but the meaning of the dream sequence could have been as strong without the dramatic and "revealing" ending ending. Another humorous element comes when we see the women shaken by the city who are wandering away from where they saw something more than they were looking for! They visited the mansion of the truth about the meat, we and them. The film reminds me of the story of the eye of French writer Georges Bataille, with the same themes of eroticism, death and the way in which both are always linked to the nature of our flesh. The book is well written and fantastic as well as this film and, of course, both have been accused of their "too explicit" content and other remarkable remarks. Borowczyk's film is also very visually beautiful, alongside brutal honesty, and nature and the forest seemed seldom brilliant and brilliant as in this film. The sun shines through the trees and all the places where man lives, and his beauty is always there, as well as the abomination that comes from the inhabitants of the world. Every innocent white sheep has a selfish, evil and horrible beast in our world, and therefore the intelligence we have given us does not seem to fully overcome the power of our evil instincts and the other part of the sheep present in every human soul. It's about how many people manage to keep the dark, passive and inactive part. Fulfilling some of our instincts is not a bad thing, and using this intelligence and seeing which instincts are good and how bad they can be met without exploitation, violence and the lethal and destructive circle created by it. Man is no more than an animal of intelligence, intelligence that is so easily forgotten and consumed in the background by things that feel better and more satisfying at every moment and perhaps suddenly. Borowczyk's film is a masterpiece, an unforgettable and intelligent cinematographic piece with an ageless theme, and an example of how much can be achieved, expressed and given by a filmmaker, who is also a human being.
