Okay, I can not tell you all the inner points of the BEAST, because I started to lose interest when nothing happened in the first 45 minutes or more - but wait, definitely "pick up" ... The plot involves something about a monster in the forest that you put on a French aristocrat returning that day. Finally, you see "BEAST", which looks like a guy dressed in a huge rat suit with a horse's cock attached to him. The scene takes place with the aristocratic woman who moves around the forest looking for a lost sheep. The sheep is over and the woman is scared. The beast appears, rape the chicken and shoot 400 gallons of prey on it. Finally, the chicken begins to enjoy the "attention" of the beast, which results in some sexual scenes that resemble romantic scenes, including a scene of erotic masturbation of the leg where the woman tickles the beast with his feet, while the monster shoots I have a twisted foot fetish - so you sue me ...) The whole movie is said in flashbacks and long-wind dialogue scenes that tended to be a bit tiresome A "shocking end" , but predictable, ends this extremely strange movie ... BEAST is a movie that I find pretty difficult to evaluate. The cinema itself is quite interesting and the sets, costumes and locations are elaborated. seems to seriously take it seriously for what ends up being such a stunning movie about a chicken who detests a rat bear. A good piece of tits, bottom and bush Uzeste 70 years, which helps to offset the dull first half of the film. I have to say honestly that if it were not the graphic scenes of BEAST that would have hung all the desire, this movie would have been a real boredom - that is, if you do not like the boring dialogue and a certain graphic sex (the beginning has a very close and personal scene of two deboning paths, including a life-full and life-filled female horse vagina ... YUM !!!). But the script of the BEAST sex is so odd and so refreshing to the rest of the film that I have to say that those scenes do nothing but what otherwise would be a real snoozer. I have to recommend anyone who thinks they have seen everything - BEAST rape is indeed there and something we have to witness. Also recommended to any fan of 70-year-olds / 80s - this is a lot of them. It is worthwhile to look at you, lovers of bad beastness of rat bears there (like me) ... 8/10
