If, like me, you like your movies as unique, and unlike most other movies, then I strongly recommend you to look at the Beast. The film is a grotesque, erotic, fantasy fairy tale that focuses around a mythological "Beast", which is rumored to be wandering through a French mansion and craving for women. The film is very bold with the subject's material, and that's something to give credit to. The theme of bestiality is a taboo defined and, for good reason, I could add; but the movie transmits it; right to the point. Like other films dealing with a taboo topic at their center, Beast could have been friends and made us use our imagination to fill the gaps, but Borowczyk did not do that, and he's courageous in this sense , making a movie like this will leave him open to all sorts of criticism, but the fact that he went on with it, in my opinion, means a big finger for the guy. The movie begins with a sequence that sees a male horse missed, a woman. This opens an exclamation mark on the film and prepares the audience, in a way, for the incredible tour of the erotic force they want to see. The scenes that see the mother and the woman are free and shocking and are bound to offend many people (that's why they have been forbidden for more than 20 years), but these scenes are not just an excuse for Borowczyk to shock the viewer; this film has a defining point. As he said during the movie; the only difference between man and beast is intelligence. Both man and animal have instincts, only man knows how to control them. The beast explores this difference between man and animal through sexuality; the fantasy sequence in which the play seems to represent the control of human desire, and only when the central female character turns away from its control to see the beast. The film has the powerful themes of the old story of "beauty and beast" that has been included in it, and as a whole this is a shocking story of lust, but not morally. Many criticize scenes around the shocking sex sequences of the film because they are boring, but these scenes are important to the story of the movie. Without these scenes, we could not know the characters or the story of the beast, and most importantly; the story of "Beauty and the Beast" would not be able to have a terrible conclusion to the audience and, as this is one of the key elements of the film; it would be real shame. Besides, Borowczyk keeps his audience through these scenes, not with shock, but with dialogue and with the superior personality of the family, along with the beautiful photographs of the mansion house would not be seen, and hence the strong contrast between the events later in the movie there would be none. In general, The Beast is a shocking film. It's a taboo subject, and the shocking mode that it's presented will make sure this movie is not for everyone. However, if you can overcome the shock of the film and embrace the Beast; what awaits is a skillful and beautiful piece of art that should not be missed by anyone who is willing to give this film a chance.
