The title is the sound one makes of the characters while driving the imaginary cart over the dump where the characters live. The film is based on a series of stories by Shugoro Yamamoto and tells about a group of people who live effectively in the rock houses on the edge of the heap. It's a mixture of laughter and sadness. The first color film made by Akria Kurasowa was something I wanted to see for a long time. Strange was often listed as being available only in an abridged version of an original three or four hours due to an error during the run in some promotional materials. I was expecting the full version, waiting to see what Kurasowa wanted to see, just to find out about Criterion's recent release of the 140-minute version being the full version. to see the movie last night, I have mixed feelings about the movie. First, it is visually linked to each subsequent movie. You can see each of the other Kurasowals remaining six films reflected in this movie, to the sunset painted scenes. It's an impressive film in color use and you can understand why it took so long to have a movie you would have liked (of course, there are also failed projects). The film is a visual work of art. (Although you need to be warned if you will see this on your widescreen TV, it was shot with 1.33 so it will appear in the normal TV ratio.) The rest of the movie is a mixed bag. Part of the problem is that the lives of all these people do not meet at all. As separate stories, all work well, but as a whole film does not hang like one. I do not blame Kurasowa because he can not always hit the box, especially when another such as Robert Altman, who has specialized in films of more than one character, has occasionally bombed. to say there is no reason to see the movie. Like all Kurasowa movies, there are always reasons to see their films, whether they work or not. The first "stroller" trip is one of the best things Kurasowa has ever done and deserves the price of a rental. One of the most magical moments in the history of the movie, in which the stroller is inspected and removed. The father and son who live in the car are touching (though, ultimately, very sad) and there are other shiny pieces (like casting that is great over the board) and at least we should try the film as something different of that of a man we usually associate with samurai films or drama of crime. It's an intriguing misfire from a director, which means, in this case, it means better than most of the successes of the filmmakers. and 7 as a whole, much larger in pieces.
