This is one of the weirdest movies I've been watching recently. That's because it looks less like a movie and more like an experimental movie. Kurasawa's experiment was to take a variety of individuals living in a garbage dump and to experience their experiences in an upholstery that offers glimpses of their generally harsh existence. Not every episode is depressing and harsh, but in general this is certainly the tone. Let's see ... we have a case of incest / rape, murder attempt, change of wife, alcoholism, infidelity, death of a boy after eating spoiled fish, a man with severe depression (never speaks during the movie and looks very good a hopeless dreamer who would probably be diagnosed with schizophrenia, a mentally retarded young man who thinks he is a street car conductor and spends all his awakened moments, "driving" the street car through the trash heaps, a man married with a total rash (I think I liked her character even less than the incestuous rapper!), etc., etc. In fact, it's quite depressing that it almost seemed like an Ingmar Bergman film set in Japan, while Bergman made many movies have tended to deal with mental illness and life expectancy.Is it surprising that, after making this film, Kurasawa tried to commit suicide? So I liked it? No. It was not experts but it was a very well-done film that surely kept my attention and as a result I really wanted to see what happened to these people. It was like seeing a train job - you do not want to see all the massacres, but you can not forget, do not look! Of all the vignettes, I think the eldest, who tended to care for everyone and did not fit in (he was too well adapted and wise to live in a garbage pit) was probably meant to represent Kurasawa himself. May be. I do not know. If you've seen a variety of Kurasawa movies and you have a great deal of tolerance for strange art movies, give them one watch. However, DO NOT make this your first experience watching his movies - it's sure to break out many viewers!
