Most people, when thinking about expressionist cinema, look at the German films of the early and early epoch - films that emphasize angled angles, extreme contrasts of light and darkness, exaggerated performances and occasionally uses of surrealism to create a dream atmosphere to deviate from the traditional, naturalistic modes of kinematic representation. If we are willing to accept that the Germans were not the only ones who created expressionist films (and that those characteristics mentioned above are not the premise of the expressionist film), then I would argue that Dodes'ka-den (DKD) is the prime example of this type of film . As Dreams, DKD is a bit unnerved for a Kurosawa movie, dabbling, as it does, in the unreal. However, DKD is also unlike Dreams, a wonderful movie and perhaps my favorite photo Kurosawa. Why? Most, I think, are the colors. This was, I think, Kurosawa's first color film, and man saturates the film with vibrant primary colors, creating a completely unreal contemporary Japanese. We are accustomed to neon lights and shining skyscrapers in Tokyo; we are not accustomed to a city that seems to have been colored with pencils. <br /> <br /> DKD is, as I said, a strange movie, as many of its characters live in a junkyard, appearing to live in an alternate universe. I mean, I guess the point - these are outsiders in Tokyo, the people left behind during the great movement before the Second World War. The film is also one of Kurosawa's most unimaginable films; there is a genuine feeling here and a true pathos (like when the boy's father describes his dream house). It's an amazingly motionable movie from a man known for stunning visions such as John Ford and Samurai. Everybody should have known that Kurosawa had such a moving and challenging film in him (Ikiru prefigures the emotional resonance of this film in many ways). <br /> <br /> I will also endorse that this is Kurosawa's greatest achievement. Samurai's films, although capable pictures, are pale compared to Kobayashi's works (Hara-kiri is the smartest and smartest samurai film dedicated to celluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran are all fine movies, but they are just good (and, frankly, I think this word is too generous for Hidden Citadel and Kagemusha). DKD is a great movie, like Ikiru. They are the jewels of the crown that show that Akira was not a samurai pony with a single trick. They reveal their artist and mastery of cinema.
