If there was something wrong with Akira Kurosawa doing Dodes'ka-den, he did it with the partnership he formed with "the four knights" (the other three being Kobayaski, Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted a great success to start their partnership, and instead, Kurosawa, certainly the head of the group's head, had released an abstract humanistic art film with characters living in a decimated carol that had many characters who are facing dark tragedies. If he had done it more independently or went to another studio he knows, but for this reason, among other financial and creative issues, he also contributed to the attempted suicide in 1971. Still, at the end of the day, as artist Kurosawa did not cease to deliver what is infamous about his dramas: the strengths of the human spirit in the face of adversity. That his background is a little more unusual than most should not be ignored, but it's not Kurosawa's fault at all. The material in Dodes'ka-den is absorbed, but not in ways that one usually comes from the director, and especially because it is driven by character instead of plotting. There are things that happen to these people, and Kurosawa's challenge here is to knit them together. The character that begins in the picture, strangely enough (though, fortunately, because there is no room for him to grow) is Rokkuchan, a brain-damaged child who goes all day making "clickety- clack "title), only sometimes stopping to pray for his mother. But then we are running: it is the father and son, the latter who scraps the restaurants for food and the first who continues and continues to describe the specific site of his dream house; an older man has the appearance of death for him and later learn that he has lost much more than he will tell most people, including a woman who has a past with him; a shy and quiet woman who works in servitude to her adoptive father (or uncle, I'm not sure) who violates her; and a gentleman in a suit that has a constant facial mark and a great medieval wife - to those who are socially around. There are also small markers of people around these characters, such as two drunkards who keep stumbling each night, such as the clock, putting big demands on their husbands, sometimes (unintentionally) changing them! And there's a biker who has a sweet, but strange relationship with the shy, timid woman. And, of course, there is a group of gossiping ladies who creep around a pond of water in the middle of the slum without having anything nice to say about anyone unless it's something erotic with a guy. First, however, Kurosawa sets the image; is a little post-apocalyptic, we are not looking for a moment or place (that is, in some photos we see modern cars and streets). It is a marginalized society, but the concerns of these people are, however, in the tragic field, meant to be deconstructed by dramatic force. Just like Bergman, Kurosawa only dissects the torn emotions of people with a single scene, especially when the man who has the look of death, who has naked, sad eyes, lies silently when a woman goes with her. <br /> <br /> Sometimes there is charm, and even some laugh, to be taken with these people. I really enjoyed ironically the little moments with Rokkuchan (especially Kurosawa's cameo as a painter on the street) or the strange silence with the man with facial tics. But while Kurosawa allows his actors to improvise, the movements of their room remain as they always were - patient, but alert, with wide compositions and claustrophobic photographs, pictorial visions and faces sometimes with the stylization of a silent drama. In the midst of these sometimes strange and emotional stories, with some of them (particularly the father and son of the car) particularly sad, Kurosawa lightens his film and projects the color scheme as his first in Eastmancolor as if it were one of his paintings . Lush, sprawling, sometimes spreading over stitches, but always with some control, this place is not necessarily "easier"; it's like the abstraction has been full of acceleration in the scene, where things look vibrant, but they are much darker underneath. It's a brilliant, delicate, two-edged sword that allows for a dreamlike intonation with such a dramatic drama. With a sweet film score, Toru Takemitsu (also in charge of Ran), and an excellent performances from the actors and some indelible scenes throughout his fantastic career, Dodes'ka-den is in his own way a minor work from the director , but still almost perfect in its terms, which, like many Kurosawa dramas such as Ikiru, and the red beard holds tough truths about human condition without too much sentimentality.
