The freedom to have your own sea-going boat, the enthusiasm to go on the underwater adventures a robust man, an adventurous and wonderful man (and so well endowed!) Good Bikinis assistants were all the definitive outlets for "SEA HUNT" 1958-61). Just what was the reason why a large type of "pistol for hiring" * was produced. Let's look carefully now. There must be some clues around us. If we should look a little, we see RKO Radio Pictures's UNDERWATER! (1955). He played Jane Russell, Gilbert Roland, Richard Egan and Lori Nelson as a very exciting quartet of scuba diving adventurers working on the Caribbean rescue, including a pre-Fidel Cuba. The film was moderately successful and was memorable not necessarily for its story, as for the appearance of the mains in swimming suits. Lovely and beautiful women in some beautiful 2-piece swimsuit (Woo, Woo, Woo, Woo!) I'm always a boysmare; and the presence of robust, athletic men displaying their best "chicken" is also pleasing to the Gals. And there is an element that is a true legacy of this old RKO characteristic. It is on the soundtrack contained between the tales and the musical themes. It is the recording of "It's Pink Clover and Whitish White", written by Louiguy and Jacques LaRue and performed by Damaso Perez Prado and his orchestra. Anyone who hears this song or song (with lyrics) will not forget it soon. Carribbean's beer is so lively, and the rich use of the Brass section of the Orchestra is powerful and instantly gives impression and instant memory. The 45 RPM record of this song made it the Top 10 Most Popular Songs of the Week for many Saturday nights on NBC TV's "New Paradise". We do not remember how many weeks and how much it has reached. (Maybe somebody can fill us with that element, please!) So, we went back to "SEA HUNT" and its proper odyssey to get "Tube". The audience took UNDERWATER! but they would go for the TV series. ZIV TV Productions has become a reputation for removing a type of product that has, for the most part, not been signed by Multiple Connection Stations. But they have had great success at Syndication Television. ** By this we mean to offer a series of broadcast stations on a TV station in each market area. (Like the various newspaper syndicates "selling" comic strips to various works in the country and even around the world, so we got "Mike Nelson" himself in Lloyd Bridges's physical presence Mr. Bridges was around for about 15 years and turned into some very memorable performances, largely supporting a wide variety of roles in several Boston Blackie films (with Chester Morris) at THE STOOGE TO CONGA (3 Stooges 1943), SAHARA (also , 1943), HOME OF THE BRAVE (1949) and WHISTLE AT EATON FALLS (1951). Lloyd brought a very convincing way to his characterization, along with a fine, athletic compelling physique, having the appearance of a guy who lives his life with his abilities Physically, Diver's Diver, whether carrying out duties onboard the ship or walking under the Sea, took the role quickly, but contrary to many misinformations, was not familiar with SCUBA. before landing this Mike Nelson concert. But Athletic Mr. Bridges turned out to be a fast learner, because so many of the underwater underwater shots showed there was no doubt about that, that Lloyd was with the mask, the bubbler (air tank), and the flipper fins. Stories almost always involved helping a customer to pay, just like a private detective. So if the client was a wonderful Lady who looked good in the Bathing suit, the better. Like other ZIV / UNITED ARTISTS television producers, "SEA HUNT" had a fine, Haunting Opening Theme and Closing, along with some original melodies and coats. At one point, I think "SEA HUNT" was the top syndicate series, a success the ZIV series knew before, such as "THEATER FICTION SCIENCE" and "PATROL HIGHWAY". As far as the presentation site for this underwater saga, here in Chicago, it was shown late at night (after 22:30) on WNBQ TV, Channel 5 (our NBC affiliate, now known as WMAQ TV). /> And I just remember who was the original sponsor on this particular market it was. And there were even commercials on stage made by Star! How well we can remember and see Lloyd as Mike Nelson riding his Power Boat. As we were invited to come back next week and see "... another adventure of" SEA HUNT "sponsored by G. Heileman beer company in LaCrosse, Wisconsin," the old Lager style brewers! "all while Mike takes our toaster, picking up an old style bottle (Shame on you, Mike, Drink beer on your moving ship! We call it Coast Guard!) Then Barca would leave the dock accompanied by the theme "THE HUNTER OF THE SEA" and will run the Credits. /> NOTE: * More figurative than literally, Mike has been rented and things have fled a lot like a Death Story NOTE: ** ZIV's trade union successes included "THEATER FICTION SCIENCE "," WEST POINT ", and" HUNWAY PATROL "clone." And of course, SCUBA is an acronym for the Underwater Breathing Apparatus.
