Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon made two films together in two years. One is considered one of the great romantic movies of all time and the film made Olivier a big film star (and gave Oberon the best interpretation): HEIGHTS WITHERING. The other is this film, made in England a year earlier. DIVORCA LADY X is a romantic comedy (WUTHERING HEIGHTS is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, who is a dynamic barrister, but he is also a total misogynist. One evening he checks in a hotel right in front of a crowd of people. It is a very foggy night (the type of peppermint fog that London was known until the time when a famous "killer" was known in the 1950s), and the crowd (who had attended a hotel party) had need beds. The leadership is trying to make Logan allow one or two social ladies to sleep on a couch and a bed in his rooms, but he refuses. But he did not reckon with Merle Oberon as Leslie Steele. The niece of a high judge succeeds in entering Logan's rooms and manipulating him not only to agree to sleep there, but also to his bed (he goes to the couch - very much for his discomfort). /> The next day, they share a breakfast, and in the morning it is obvious that, despite its mistrust of women, Logan finds Leslie very attractive. But she refuses to tell her her name. She is determined to find out more about him and finds her attitude toward angry women. Meanwhile, Logan is approached by a wealthy nobleman (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mere) as a potential client. Just suspect his wife Lady Mere (Binnie Barnes) to have an affair. In fact, he tells Logan that Ladyship was with her boyfriend in the hotel, which Logan knew was the night of fog. Logan (naturally) concludes that Lady Mere was the mysterious chamber mate that night. I will not go into the plot except that Leslie finally realizes what Logan has done wrong and decides to use it to teach her a lesson about women. of a Wodehouse novel, but is weaker. However, the performances of Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selden (as Oberon's grandfather) are all splendid. Show what can make a good distribution even with the smallest materials. Take a look at some of the minor scenes to see what I mean: Selden's first scene, complaining about his lean coffee that tells him properly (they have been accustomed to the personality of the others for years). Or Olivier handled a young clerk in his office who was sure that two ladies Meres were in the office two minutes before (there were, but Oberon and Barnes left together) and end up believing that the poor servant is a simple . Or the hotel waiter who does not understand why the tenant in Olivier's room is constantly changing from man to woman to man. As I said, a slightly charming comedy - but it's very charming.
