No, I'm not kidding. If ever, EVER, you have the chance to see this movie, you will see it. If you need cutting the arm to see, see. Merit. <br /> <br /> Heavy Units The bus is different from any movie you've ever seen. It takes a cinematic film and raises it to a work of art. While containing poor pictures, idiotic characters, bad dialogue, strange action and cinema that belongs to public access in Iowa, he actually succeeds in his film goal. He strives to be the worst, weirdest, most striking film you've ever seen. And the boy will ever succeed. I will highlight the plot for those of you who are worried about such things (obviously, the movies have not done it), but you really do not have to pay too much attention because the film of the whole movie is presented in a piece very long text played before the opening of credits. In any case, the FDTB (as they call it admirers) is the story of a Chicago bus tour that is led by Satan. You see, Jesus is in the city, and all the passengers on the bus should die and all their souls would have gone to hell, except that in the city of Jesus a servant in hell cancels the job and this infuriates Satan because, he does not like to look like a fool in front of the guy, so he decides to make people on the bus sign his souls directly, but he is a devil, so he has to disguise himself, otherwise he would go to a touring with him correctly, so he disguises himself as Roger and climbs into the bus where the driver is never called by name, but he's a little fat, so I think he's fat. The bus (and the pilots) are in a collision race with noise! Examples of some tricks: The title is repeated three times on the screen. I do not know why. A character appears on the bus in the middle of the journey without explanation or introduction and sits occasionally with the others and looks at her as if it were not. I do not know why. Two characters fall in love and change their eager looks, which are really the same repeated photos again and again. I do not know why. After Satan gives a long-standing monologue about transforming into a human form, a title book ignites "Satan will turn." I do not know why. A character is a woman who is very obvious to a man in love and is called by other characters as "Bridget full of charm". I do not know why. If there was a good thing that came out of my Troma internship last summer, it was getting my own copies of Fatty Drives The Bus.
