A time of passing time will give information about a policeman's murder committed years ago. The murder of Sean Cooper, a good cop, has never been resolved. Certainly, detectives believe the new evidence will help them put together all the pieces of the puzzle that have frustrated their peers. In flashbacks, we are taking the baptism of James Bruno's child. Sean and Jimmy were partners. There is a tension like Sean, who is the godfather, got messy and late for the ritual. Eileen Bruno does not seem to be happy to be there. The true mystery is revealed by her. She caught Sean, who drank Jimmy in the back yard, to kiss her even more shocking, Jimmy responding willingly. Somehow at the station the partners become the center of gossip. Sean did not fall in love with his superior because he discovered involvement with a criminal in his region who controlled the drug business. Sean realizes that this man is with a powerful drug man, because he always makes an excuse to unleash the trash bags that Sean and Jimmy keep in the station. The pressure is too great on Jimmy. Sean is comfortable in his homosexuality and wants to be honest about it. Cooper's only father does not want anything to do with a strange son. Even his superiors, McCree, want to get out of his jurisdiction, but the case is complicated because Cooper comes from a long line of Irish men serving in police forces. Sean is killed because of his homosexual condition and because he knows too much about his colleagues' involvement in getting dirty money. Tom Petit wrote this honest portrayal of the life of a police officer in the closet and his secret love with another policeman. I thought it was a sincere account of a serious problem that no one spoke in those days. Sometimes people involved in the show, fearing retaliation from sponsors or networks, do not dare to present these real situations. Jeannot Szwarc, shows a sensitive approach to this thorny issue that is treated without the sensationalism of the case could have been shown with a different team. There is a rare occurrence of Chad Everett as the eldest Jimmy Bruno. Taking it right on the target, with a touch of sentimentality that does not come out of hand. Shane Johnson makes an excellent contribution to the show, like Sean Cooper. The distribution is wonderful and includes good performances from around the world under the direction of Mr. Szwarc. In this episode, Nick Vera approaches his neighbor, the basketball player's mother, who took the ball detective away. Nick is heading for romance with the woman!
