I've been watching some Cold Houses episodes over the years, starting with Season 1 episodes of 2003-2004. And while most were good, this episode was not only the best of the best but also has some rivals in the Emmy categories. Although some may disagree with the story (for example, the romantic relationship between men and men), I doubt that anyone could look at it without being deeply moved in their spirit. The story is, in essence, a case that has been reopened, based on the testimony of a dying drug dealer. The two main actors are two police officers, named in the 1960s, Sean Coop (also the victim of the cold-blooded family co-op, Coop) and his partner, Jimmy Bruno. <br /> <br /> In the story, Coop is alone, a Vietnam war veteran with a deeply troubled past. Jimmy, however, is married, with no less children. Both are partners of the police force and form not only a friendship, but a romantic secret relationship that both must hide from a profound and obviously homophobic culture prevailing at that time. are mostly black and white, with pieces of color now and then sprinkled all the way. Examples include their red car, the yellow curtains blew easily into Jimmy's bedroom, where Jimmy's wife watched Coop and Jimmy drink, beat and then kiss each other while in an alcohol-induced state . It seemed exciting to me that in the flashback scenes only the selected black and white items were colored. I have not yet realized the color scheme and the reason. The apparently homophobic tension between patrol officers and the two central actors increases the intensity of the episode. A key emotional scene was when Coop was confronted by his father after the baptism of Jimmy's child. In this scene, Coop's father, Sarge, who was a respected colleague of the force officer, faces Coop about the rumors surrounding Coop's relationship with Jimmy. He is sorry for Coop at this moment, because the shame and shame of Coop's father was gathered at Coop - "You will not be ashamed of your family ... nor you are my son." - clearly indicates the hostile views of same-sex relationships at that time. Additional tension can also be seen in the police locker where Coop and another officer go to him after Coop and Jimmy are labeled "Batman and Robin homos." <br /> <br /> As for the relationship between Coop and Jimmy, it is obvious that Coop wanted more of Jimmy in his life. Once he can see the tension in the face of Jimmy, he has to choose between his commitment to his wife and children, his church, and yet his unceasing devotion to Coop. Eventually, Jimmy moves away from Coop, realizing he can not have both Coop and his family at the same time. Unfortunately, Coop is killed, perhaps because of his relationship with Jimmy, but also Coop could have been killed for his knowledge of police and police corruption, who have come to power. The most moving scene in the whole episode was when Coop, while dying from his car wounds, quietly spoke the last words about his partner: "Jimmy ... we were lucky." <br /> <br /> The soundtrack selection was remarkable during the episode. I liked the final stage with actor Chad Everett, playing Jimmy still grieving, much older, and still missing his former partner, Coop. I recommend this episode and I consider it the best. It's undoubtedly best written, well done and well made of all the Cold Case episodes I've ever seen.
