Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga Tetsuda Three-Nine). Performed in 1979. Directed by Rintaro. Based on the original work of Leiji Matsumoto. What little I know about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999 was first published as a popular manga in the 1970s and was created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE999 is placed in the same universe of Star Wars space, like another Matsumoto space manga: CAPTAIN HARLOCK. In fact, Harold's space piracy and other manga characters (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochirô Oyama) appear in GE999. GE999 was a successful manga and was soon followed by the popular anime series that included over 100 episodes. It was broadcast in 1978. A year later, this anime movie appeared, which is not a continuation of the series, but summarizes the main points of the story in the two-hour film. <br /> <br /> The story is set in unidentified Star Wars-the type of the future where travel on different planets has become a possibility. People of the future can have mechanical bodies in which they can live hundreds of years, perhaps forever. The protagonist, Tetsurô Hoshino, is a young boy who confesses how a Mecha killer, whose whole body is composed of mechanical parts, kills Tetsur's mother. Tetsurô vows vengeance and is convinced he can do it only by having a mechanical body. To get him, he has to travel to a distant planet with the Galaxy Express 999 space train. However, since Tetsurô comes from poverty, he does not have the money to get the expensive ticket. In a random coincidence, he meets a beautiful young woman, Maetel, who resembles his dead mother. Maetel offers a ticket for Tetsurô provided he accompanies him on his journey. And so the journey begins? <br /> <br /> I first saw this movie in October last year, about six months and again yesterday. I feel like I have to tell you first about the thing that bothered me most in this movie: it seems very hurried. Then again, what can you expect from a 2-hour long film trying to tell the main points of the long series of more than 100 episodes? Regardless of the situation, the situation is changing at a fast pace, and Tetsurô meets with other important characters in the story, especially with a pure chance. I think decision-makers must have left something or include more than 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> However, there is no argument that GE999 deserved its place as a classic anime. The animation itself, very faithful to Matsumoto's manga style, is detailed and beautiful to watch. Even after nearly 30 years of its release, the animation did not become "obsolete," but puts many anime movies later in shame. The music in the movie is pleasant to listen, even if it's something "old" today (eventually it was in the 70s). I have never heard a double Englishman about this movie, so I can only comment on the Japanese audio that is good. Voice actors give life to their characters, the most memorable being Masako Nozawa (mainly known as Goku's voice through the entire Dragon Ball saga) as Tetsurô, excited and young, and Masako Ikeda as calm and mysterious Maetel. The supporting characters are not left in the shadows, but they also have a life of theirs, the most memorable for me being Claire's waitress. <br /> <br /> The story itself is suited both for those looking for entertainment for several hours and for those who are trying to find deeper messages. GE999 is a fun adventure film, but it can also be seen as Tetsurô's journey from childhood to man. The whole movie is said from its point of view, so we are compelled to feel what it feels. I think many people can refer to Tetsurô because, despite fantastic elements, he is a very realistic character: a young man with a hot head, uncomfortable and naive. We follow him when he begins to see the differences between people and cars and comes to the conclusion that he or she wants the mechanical body. Maetel, on the other hand, remains a mystery in the film, and even eventually when it reveals who and what is really, he does not respond much to anything. Maetel can be seen as a dream of a growing young man, always near, but unable to reach. <br /> <br /> It's a strange but beautiful relationship between Tetsurô and Maetel, which still awakens talks and questions and fascinates for decades. People have argued that their relationship is that of two friends, a mother and a son or two possible lovers (which provokes much criticism since Maetel's age is unknown and Tetsurô has not yet reached puberty). With no means of sounding deep, I think the best term for describing them is "soulmates". There is no doubt that the two feel devoted, cared for and love each other, yet they exceed the limits of friendship, family and lovers. I think if their relationship would be filled in any of these categories, it would take some of the whole movie and characters. The final scene, even if you already know what will happen, is still very moving and memorable. In spite of the hurry and scenes of corny, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 retains its place as a classic anime among films such as AKIRA (1988) by Katsuhiro Otomo and GHOST IN THE SHELL (1995) by Mamoru Oshii. The film is directed by Rintaro, who had a previous experience of Leiji Matsumoto's works, as he worked in the CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Later, Rinatro directed a marvelous aspect of METROPOLIS (2001) that casts doubt on the difference between people and cars. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic that should be seen at least once by each anime fan.
