I went over that a few years ago, as I sailed on the channel on an afternoon afternoon. Although it was obvious a gross television film of the '70s, the direction and the score were pretty good enough to attract my attention and I really was embarrassed and had to watch it all the way. Recently I had the opportunity to buy a foreign DVD of this movie (oops, did not notice that a domestic one came out a few months ago) and was very pleased to be able to watch it again (and entirely). I do not fully understand this phenomenon, but in a way, the 70th seems to have a lock on horror films that are actually scary. The decades before the 1970s produced some beautiful movies and most of the horror icons, but are they actually scary? No, not very. Also, in the '70s, I got horror movies that are cooler, more exciting, have better production value and sophisticated special effects, are more fun, more fun, have effective moments of jump, and some very creative uses of gore, but again ... are not really scary! There's just something about the horror film atmosphere of the '70s. The quality of the granular film. The dark, dark scene, which is underpinned by the vast high-tech lighting installation. The "Dream of the Dream", the disordered quality of the dialogue and the weird and shrill scores of the EQ. The strange feeling of anxiety and abomination that penetrate everything. Everything that works to undermine most of the 1970s, in horror, works in its favor. More specifically, in this film, the quiet and intense fires of the devil's dog that looks at people are quite annoying. So much more effective than going through the most obvious way to make the dog grow, escape, and be hostile ("Cujo"?). Those who create the film wisely save that when the dog appears in its supernatural form. The effects when this happens while they are unsophisticated by today's standards have given me chills. The bizarre, vague definition, "I'm not sure what I am looking at," looks intuitive as if it were a true supernatural vision, rather than the hyper-real digital printer / digital composition, crisp clear horror films from our days. While the human characters in this film are not satisfactorily fulfilled as their nemesis or the world in which they live, actors do a decent job. Mating the brother and sister in the movies "Witch Mountain", like, yes, brother and sister, is a little weird casting, but well. Yvette Mimieux always manages to be fun if it is not spectacular. Richard Crenna is gaining more empathy from the public as the film progresses. His self-doubt while wondering if his family's alienation is really due to a supernatural plot or if he just succumbs to paranoid schizophrenia is quite well treated, though his thought that obtaining a physical routine can provide an explanation for what what he lived is absurd in his naivety. The ending of the movie's "The-End-Question-Mark" is one of the only things I've ever seen and that does not look like a cheap trick and actually made me think about the choices these characters should face with the next and what they could do and how they would feel about it. Detractors of this movie may say that it's just a long-haul vehicle for some neato, but it could say the same thing about the "Blade Runner". :-)
