Samuel Fuller brings his usual and playful directions to this strange story and pulp and manages to create one of the undiscovered stones of cinema in the 1950s. Richard Widmark plays a tough guy (a role he has perfected the course of many movies) the wallet of a young lady (Jean Peters) on a subway in New York and with him a very wanted microfilm. This is 1953, so, of course, the microfilm is the property of the Commie spies who will not stop at anything to recover it. When the girl appears at the shore of Lake Widmark, sent by an abusive friend to recover the film, Widmark feels the chance to shake her and her "comrades" for big money. The part thickens, people start to die, and Widmark and Peters fall in love. Fuller deals with the storyline love story, but more of a sense of indifference than writing or bad direction. It's as if it included a story of love under pressure and so it made it deliberately unbelievable, because love stories were so frequent and they're still in Hollywood movies. Peters gives remarkable performance as a tough cake of New Yawk, a small part of the gangsters and a girl in difficulty. When violence occurs against her, we really care about her well-being, and it is typical of Fuller's renegade before his style of time that a happy ending is not necessarily a foregone conclusion. the ultimate success of Pickup on South Street is based on the tired shoulders of the world by Thelma Ritter, who plays Moe, a feisty lady who makes money in any way she can, whether she sells ties or acts as a police informant. Ritter gives the performance of his career; in a staggering monologue, she conveys, without directing herself, the sad trajectory of her character's life and the lack of hope she feels awaken every morning in a world of struggle, murder, and hardship. It's as if every character Ritter had ever played to convert for a brief moment to blow up all the emotions that were not given the chance to scatter in the other movies. The scene is the culmination of Fuller's film and a highlight of the 50's cinema. <br /> <br /> Grade: A +
