This film is a spicy, picky piece of play by Sam Fuller, which gives Richard Widmark the chance to show some of the best, most demanding actors in the role of Skip McCoy, a tiny thief who hinders a military secret while taking Candy's beautiful pocket (Jean Peters) on a crowded bus. It looks like Candy does a favor for her boyfriend (ex?), Who works for "commies". Surprisingly, there is a mystery here about Candy's motives, and Skip consumes much of the movie that causes her reasons. In fact, he seems to assume initially that he is a "comic", going so long as to pour the beer in front of her in a gesture. But the real question is? what about Skip? What are his reasons and why does he like Candy so much? Why do we (audience) want to like it so much? Actually, what the filmmakers did here is to create a fatally fatal male fat character in Widmark's character and performance. Just as the male audience tends to reflect over the length of a movie like "The Big Sleep" or "The Key Glass," along with the main characters, whether the female character is trustworthy or just a beautiful face, here a similar disaster for female viewers. Widmark is beautiful, and there is also a charm in his sickness ?? but the first two encounters meet our main lady, kidnap her and then hit her in front. Finally the question becomes? would have had to pass the sink so low as to sell his country for a dollar (his comments to the police, such as "fly a flag to ME", let us suspect it will be) or is simply out for Revenge for killing Moe's boyfriend (Thelma Ritter)? I'm not sure the movie gives us a definite answer in any way. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter's work deserves a special mention? it has created a truly indelible character here. Fuller is not afraid to give him a lot of "business"? in the form of the physical objects she uses to attract the audience into her world, especially the links they used. Another example of Fuller's "business" would be the scene with Victor Perry (an actor I've seen somewhere else with less effect), using the chopsticks to intimidate Candy. The emphasis on Moe's relationship with Skip offers one of the most revealing themes of "honor among the thieves" of cinema. In fact, Skip has the same kind of ease and kind of casual relationships with the police, with the exception of Capt. Tiger (Murvyn Vye), who has a prey against him. I liked the scene when he invited the cops in their own name and gave them a beer when they came to pick up the holster. These are the kind of details that make this movie feel real? regardless of whether it is realistic or not, or whether it is a separate question. All I said would say that this is an essential crime film that displays many of the best and most durable attributes in the film noir movie. A predictable plot is offset by a series of colorful characters (uniformly made uniform), cheap sets are disguised by the relentless rhythm of the film, and the end product feels much more than likely. This is the best movie I have ever seen so far by Sam Fuller and helps me to see better why he is regarded as a director? here he did some things that he probably tried but eventually failed to do in other movies, such as "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor," as far as the very fierce styles of actors and the really strenuous suspense. This is one of my favorite performances from Widmark I have seen so far? and Widmark was a talent that I am tempted to say (based on the few extraordinary movies I have seen with him) was comparable to that of Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, though he probably did not as many classic movies as possible.
