"The Shock Corridor (1963)" was my first film from Samuel Fuller, and there I was impressed by B-film's honest mix and budget aesthetics, even though the story itself was purely baffling. "Pickup on South Street (1953)" was released a decade earlier in Fuller's career, obviously produced in a larger budget from a big-name studio, Twentieth Century-Fox. However, visuals are still notable in the fact that there is a somewhat raw, naturalistic element of photography, unlike Dassin's "The Night and the City (1950)" and "Panic on the Streets (1950)" in Kazan by the cinema Joe McDonald}. In some situations, Fuller pushes the camera so close to the faces of his actors that he does not concentrate, gently recording the intimate thoughts, emotions and short inflections communicated by the most revealing features of the facial features to the eye. Although (unexpectedly) prone to the melodrama and with just a suggestion of anti-communist propaganda, "Pickup on South Street" is a powerful noir film that particularly succeeds in evoking to establish? underground in New York City. When McCoy Skipper (Richard Widmark), just outside the prison, hits a metro woman's jacket (Jean Peters), he pockets more than he initially negotiated for. The woman, Candy and her ex-boyfriend, Joey (Richard Kiley), smuggled with the Communists, and McKoy unexpectedly recovered an important microfilm role. Will he return to MacGuffin to the appropriate authorities or sell to the highest bidder? If "South Street Pickup" has a flaw, the story seems to be designed just to support an anticommunist agenda, seeking propaganda like nothing from World War II (Dwight Taylor, who provided the story, also wrote especially "Home (1944)," the only propaganda film of the series. "For no apparent reason, every identifiable character - even the astounding self-serving Skip McCoy - eventually becomes a patriot of self-sacrifice, the predictable transformation From the beginning, in the traditional noir movie, the non-apologizing criminologist always receives his advent, the rational punishment for his sins but apparently not when they have served his country, patriotism wipes out clean slate Richard Widmark, I like it, sing in my supreme pocket, calm, though always with that hint of malice that suggests it bites more than it can chew. The opening scene of the train is McCoy's best film, while McCoy flies in his mouth in the victim's handbag, recalling Bresson's Pickpocket (1959). Thelma Ritter is awesome as a tired street woman who will promote information to anyone who wants to pay her (though, of course, she pulls the line to Commies). Jean Peters is well-expressed, because the naked woman sends information to the other side, playing the role almost completely brilliant; Fuller threw the actress on the observation that she had the proletarian stright leg with a prostitute. However, Peters has to suffer a controversial love affair with Widmark, which really brings down the trials of the movie to realism. Fascinatingly, after his release, "Pickup on South Street" was promptly condemned by the FBI as communist propaganda, and the Communist Party condemned it to be the opposite. Realize.
