Samuel Fuller, with an excellent choice on the SOUTH STATE, is choosing a group of noir cars with a low budget, influenced by the cold war of the early 1950s. With an operating time of less than 80 minutes, PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is hard, crushing, explosive and unforgettable. Widmark plays as a Skip McCoy pocket, which has already been taken three times. However, McCoy can not keep his fingers lost in trouble - and the troubles are exactly what he sneaks when he gets bored with Candy (Jean Peters) gangster candy wallet. Candy's wallet contains a microfilm film invaluable to the communist movement and is her last job for former boyfriend Richard Kiley to make the delivery. However, when Widmark picks up, Peters has to do everything he can to claim the movie he (she initially) knows nothing about. It's a tasteful, Widmark character, while not a psycho of KISS OF DEATH, a real live, unpredictable and tough thread, but strangely charming. When Bogart or Mitchum came into a noir movie role, did you know what you were going to get: a lonely anti-hero who retains moral integrity and eventually wins (Bogart), or a laconic guy leave trapped in a trap (Mitchum). With Widmark you do not know what you'll get, and with his incredibly modern style of action (his films are always good) is amazing to see. Here is broken between making a great score for himself by selling the movie, or teaching to the police and fighting against the "Commies" to the right of the law. And he still has to claim that he never took Peters Peters to avoid the fourth fatal rap on his sheet. Peters earns his best role as the Gold Gold Candy. Widmark's unpredictability is best expressed in his scenes with Peters; The superb tramp (and rather incredible - the love angle is rather hurried) enters under Widmark's spell, but Widmark alternates between kissing her or pushing her around. Peters has a sharp beauty, but the lack of charm at Hollywood (Lana Turner would not work well in this role) is a major asset to the film. The candy is not innocent, yet it is very vulnerable, constantly passing between men and people. Widmark beats his cold at the first meeting and wakes her up with a sip of beer on her face, though, by the final act, she is much sweeter for her (after the policeman cares about Kiley). The hospital scene with Peters and Widmark should not work, but it does not. Thelma Ritter is brilliant as the Moe stool, well worth the Oscar nomination. Ritter's performance, like everything else in the movie, is sincere, real, and sincere. Her death scene is amazing. Flash and camera movements and location settings are especially interesting. Fuller loved a good close-up, and PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is full of awkward, flashy photos that only tighten the tension of the plot. Fuller is not afraid to let the camera stay longer than the Old Hollywood standard really allowed, but amazingly moves away from Ritter's death to give the audience a maximum impact. Urban locations and unusual angles faced by the room give PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET, a bold, uncompromising layout. 10/10.
