Samuel Fuller is hardly one of America's great directors. I'm not sure he qualifies as one of the great craftsmen in Hollywood. But he surely ranks there with the best Hollywood professionals who were willing to mark their own music. While working at Hollywood studios, he knew how to take up a task, form the material he was taught, and then turn it quickly and efficiently into something usually better than the parts ... at time and budget. Pickup on South Street is a case in point. On the surface is one of the anti-comic films of the early fifties in Hollywood, complete with appeals to patriotism, a strong hero and a bad man (and copious perspirant). Fuller turns this Hollywood cliché bag into a tense, captivating drama with numerous twists and turns. The hero, Skip McCoy, is a loser three times, a small crackle with soft fingers that does not change his stripes to the end. Little Candy, Candy, has a level of virtue that would make it easy to get over it if you're so sloppy. One of the most appealing characters, Moe Williams, is a stool. And in an unusual approach to the struggle against the Communists of Hollywood, appeals to patriotism fall on deaf ears; the hero is not motivated by something so annoying. He just wants reimbursement for personal reasons and ends up becoming ... at least for the moment ... a good guy. <br /> <br /> In addition, all actors were allocated more to Fuller by the studio. He had to do it. Richard Widmark has established his presence as actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. She gives a wonderful portrait to a sexy and bad woman and no better than her boyfriends ... or her clients ... want her to be. And Richard Kiley, who later becomes a double winner of the Tony Broadway Award, is convincingly slippery and cowardly. It's hard to remember that he was the actor who challenged us, that is, he presented us with "The Impossible Dream" from Man in La Mancha, more than anything else, the story of a pocket choosing a bag in a subway car and with microfilm secrets instead of money, pursued by federals and committees, moves directly with great economics. The whole enterprise, with a classic noir look, only takes 80 minutes to say. The dialogue, with Fuller as a screenwriter, has that party, a bitter, hot and hot fiction style. "That muffin you cared for ... it's okay," says Skip's character for "Candy." Fuller moves us pretty fast from scene to stage to keep up on what's going to happen. Then Fuller throws the character of Moe Williams. Suddenly the story reaches a new level of interest, comedy relief and an inevitable part. <br /> <br /> What I like best about the movie is how openness exemplifies Fuller's talents and forces. In 2 minutes and 15 seconds, starting immediately after the credits, Fuller is able to instantly activate the movie, tell us what the story is and show us what kind of characters - Skip and Candy - will be involved. And it does so with so much appealing curiosity in that hot and crowded subway car that we can feel Fuller letting our hook catch us. Glenn Erickson says, in my opinion, one of the best film critics: "In what should be an inconsistent story, Sam Fuller defines his strange vision of Americanism from the bottom up: rigid, aggressive self-interest that, when fully expressed, recognizes what is wrong and what is good and is not afraid to fight for it. It is right and makes a movie still alive after 55 years.
