"Pickup On South Street" is a high-speed drama about a small criminal who is suddenly in the activities of a group of Communists. The action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style, and the impulse is maintained through brilliant edits. The use of a wide variety of different camera angles and close-up images also contributes to the general impression of constant movement and vitality. Samuel Fuller's leading style and Joseph MacDonald's cinema are excellent, and there are many scenes that, through their composition and lighting, produce a strong sense of atmosphere and atmosphere. Needle and Skipping Pocket Skipper McCoy (Richard Widmark) goes deeper when he steals a wallet from a woman named Candy (Jean Peters) on the New York subway. She was used by her ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) to make a delivery to one of her contacts in a communist organization and unknown to her, carrying American government secrets recorded on the microfilm. Two FBI agents followed Candy and witnessed theft. One of the agents continues to return them to Joey's apartment, and the other, Zara (Willis Bouchey), visits Captain Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye). Zara explains that the FBI has been following Candy for several months as part of the quest for a communist group leader. To identify his pocket, Tiger calls in a "stoolie" named Moe (Thelma Ritter), who, after giving an exact description of the "cannon" working method, makes a list of eight possible suspects. Once Tiger sees Skip's name on the list, he immediately has the conviction that he is the man he has to see and sends two detectives to arrest him. When Skip is brought to Tiger's office, Zara tells him about the microfilm and Tiger offers to give up any charges if he collaborates with the investigation. Skip is flippant and arrogant. He does not clearly trust the Tiger and denies any knowledge of the theft underground. Joey orders Candy to find out who steals the microfilm and then recovers it. The candy pays Moe for Skip's address and when Skip comes back from being questioned by Tiger, finds out that Candy is looking for his house and beating his unconscious before stealing his money. When it recovers, Skip calls for $ 25,000 for microfilm. She tells Joey about Skip's request, and Joey's boss gives her a gun and orders her to recover her microfilm the following night. Skip and Candy are attracted to one another and because of their difficult relationship, developing a means of evolving through which they are able to escape the police attention. It soon becomes clear that the problem of the communist band will be solved only by a more direct action. The images of Skip, Candy, and Moe as characters living in a deceptive world where they are forced to face considerable risks on a daily basis are strong and convincing. Moe's work as a police informant depends on her knowledge of the people in her community, but those people know what she's doing, and any of them can search their revenge at any time. She seems to be cunning and tight, but she also has her vulnerable side, while she describes herself as "an old watch that comes down" and saves money to have a decent funeral in an exclusive cemetery in Long Island. The belief that "every dollar has its own meaning" causes it to sell any information, regardless of danger, friendship or principle, and yet there is an opportunity in which it refuses, and this proves to be fatal. The performance of Thelma Ritter was definitely worth the Oscar nomination she won for her role. Skip is a violent criminal who has no concern for his victims and has already been convicted three times in the past, living under the constant threat of being imprisoned for life if convicted again. Despite this, he continues with his criminal and strange activities, he is purely philosophical when Moe betrays his place, and then, later, ensures that Moe receives the type of funeral he appreciates so much. Candy is an ex-prostitute and someone whose activities have constantly put her in jeopardy, but behind her hardened exterior a warmer part becomes gradually more evident. Widmark and Peters are perfect for their roles and as Ritter portrays the different facets of their personalities with excellent style and conviction.
