This film features a legendary Bill Bill Hickock saga. He, Buffalo Bill Cody and Calamity Jane are the central characters. As the Civil War ends, Lincoln mentions concern that the dynamism of the country would be enhanced if people followed the "Go West, young man" advice that graciously did not misinterpret the film Horace Greeley, as they did others. But then, he is assassinated, and some financiers speculate that they can sell rich weapons to American Indians. Meanwhile, we see Wild Bill Hickock, who interacts with a small boy, while the steam boat is loading at a docking station along Mississippi. Wild Bill uses a Bowie knife, which he finally gives to the boy, calling him a "Arkansas toothpick", which in fact was another type of knife, though both were used across the border. Hickock eventually meets Buffalo Bill Cody, who shows close to the real human pictures and paintings. Cody just married and brings her bride to the Old West to sit down. When they reach their destination, they meet Calamity Jane, who has a defeat on Hickock. He looks at Cody's wife and asks Buffalo Bill, "Is your mop?" The line was one that caused the Hayes Board issue, because a definition of "mopsy" was a prostitute. Demille wanted the line and one of his agents pointed out that in Beatrix Potter's books on Peter Rabbit, three rabbits were Flopsy, Mopsy and Cottontail. He showed this and asked the censors to identify the "evil rabbit virtue". Went; the line is left. The Indians have become agitated, partly because of the superior weapon they have obtained from the agent of the Oriental financiers. Cody and Hickock were asked to help investigate the area, so troops get safely into a surrounding area. Cody led the troops; Hickock went to check out the activities of an Indian boss who was an old acquaintance and who was leading some of the hostile Indians. Jane is trapped and Hickock gets caught trying to save her. These are brought to the boss, and though they will never speak, the torture applied to Hickock violates the will of Calamity Jane and she says Cody uses it. The two are released and Hickock joins Cody and his forces, in part to warn them that they are in a trap. With Hickok's help, they're on the Indian attack. Hickock decides to go after the runners and finally takes prisoners. While awaiting authorities, Hickock is shot by shooting back while playing cards. There are many historical anomalies in the film, but it retains the flavor of the legend. Pretty good for the 1930s.
