In this wonderful film of Twentieth-Century Fox, the metropolis is a desperate labyrinth in which survivors and predators live one another. Urban sculpture is smaller than deceptive humankind, in the grim expressive symbolism. A prostitute has her purse pulled into the subway. It contains a microfilm, and a Communist espionage ring will go to any length to recover it. Two parallel investigations take place while both spies and policemen hunt precious information. The Skip McCoy anti-hero pocket is played with scandalous assurances by Richard Widmark. He knows that the police are moral and inferior intellectuals, so he beats them, "Continue," telling Captain Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye), "let go of an accusation, throw me in." In this ruthless world, the cops are Just like Candy, the prostitute bribes Lightning Louie to get an advantage, the police is busy paying stools for information. It's hard to believe that when Widmark made this film he was already in middle age The 39-year-old, who came to the end of his contract with Fox, plays the role of Skip McCoy with a teasing gentleness of a teenager. unconsciousness, then revive it with a bearded beer in front of her, but through the term it meant hardness - and Candy, after all, is a woman Zuta. br /> <br /> Jean Peters is radiant as Candy. Here, right in the middle explosion fifteen years of B-movie, she is beautiful and employed as a whore with the heart of gold. She's the victim of the story, a martyr of her beauty as much as anything else. It's good, but it's constantly manipulated by cynical people - Joey, Skip, and the cops. The real star of this movie is New York. Thinking of urban panoramas and metro stations offering a claustrophobic evocation of the city is a living, evil force. Like worms in rotten cheese, human figures flowed through the streets of the city. Elevators, underground turnstiles, sidewalks - even a great waiter act as pipes for the corrupt humanity flow. People cling to any safe niche: Moe has her dirty rental room, Skip over the bizarre tales on the Hudson River. As the characters move and interact, they are framed by the architecture of bridges or beam sides or are split by climbing. City's personality is constantly required. The angles and crosses of the timber are an echo of the street plan of the grid, and the cabinet indexes in the hall mimic the Manhattan skyline. When Joey's exit from the subway is forbidden, it's as if the city's muscles in the city charge him. A surprising proportion of this movie is shot in the extreme. Character leads the plot as it should and closures are used to enhance character. When Skip interrogates Candy, closure captures the sexual energy between them, embracing Skip's hostility. The beauty of Jean Peters is painted in light, in wonderful light focus. The device is also used to increase tension. The opening sequence, the purse blow, does not contain any dialogue: the drama relies entirely on almost for its powerful effect. Snoopers and snoopers on snoopers, populate the movie. Moe (Thelma Ritter) lives as an informant and her place in the hierarchy is accepted by her victims. When Skip observes, "he must eat," he chants a recurring refrain. Just as the "rightists" of New York divide the lamb or timber cutter, the Underworld Underworld deals with information goods. And yet even the pigeons of the seats are superior to Joey and his Communist friends. Joey's feet on Moe's bed symbolize a violation of the basic moral code. Joey is beyond the pale. Moe will not trade with Joey even to keep his life: "... even in our busy business, you have to pull the line somewhere." "Pick-up" was made in the depths of the Cold War. Richard Nixon has just been elected Republican Vice President, after making his name with Alger Hiss's fake communist microfilm and everything. The McCarthy show was a daily reality. We see that the cops in the film are confronted with "the traitors who gave Stalin the bomb A". New York can be seen as a gigantic container, in which human stuff is misleading, squeals and murders. Containers form a leitmotif throughout the film. Moe bears a trademark box, and the candy bag, the microfilm container, is the engine of the plot. The skipper retains his only possessions in a submerged box, symbolizing his secret street wisdom. The kidnappers' co-workers who travel Hudson to a barge are containers with yet another load that moves around the merciless metropolis. The film is a masterpiece of the composition. The candy is shown above Snow Skullking on the shit of the bar, which means its moral rise. When the gun is put on the table, the extreme perspective makes it look bigger than Candy - violence begins to lose compassion. Lovers are eclipsed by the shadow of a stevedore hook, remembering that their love is neither pure nor absolute, but outlined by the whims of the sinister city. While the communist is a shadow on a wall or a cigarette smoke. He is like a cat with singular alleys among garbage - a ghost of prey of the night. Photos in the room under the taxi caps, inside the newspaper kiosks, and the hospital beds, constantly reinforce our awareness that we are all trapped in the metropolis. We are multitudes of civilization.
