Pickup On South Street is one of the brightest movies ever made. An example of director: When Candy (Jean Peters) begins to go through her purse and notices her wallet is missing, an alarm triggers in the background in her building - as if it were an alarm in her head. It's not like a cartoon - it's thin weave in the background in a way that strikes you at a subconscious level until you've seen the movie a few times and just "clicks" that there's an alarm bell that goes off when it starts frenetic which passes through the bag. Richard Widmark is a top of his game as a smart-alec - it's really great - but the highlight of the film was the first scene for Moe, the street dealer / informant, played by Thelma Ritter. Later in her apartment, you do not see a movie - you see a real person. I've never seen someone "acting" so real that I felt I looked in a real room to Ritter's performance-even to the way her hair was stuck a little when she took off her hat. <br /> <br /> About a million other things have just worked * from the way Lightning Louie takes the money with his chopsticks in the way Candy's jewelery is pressed when she moves Moe's hand away from the brooch, dollars and change from the police captain along the FBI chest - and even the way the captain opens his storage cabinet, as if he had been in that room for many years. "Pickup On South Street" is a detailed (targeted) movement with perfect performances (acting) and now-nostalgic superb pictures of the day, such as billboards, waterboards, dumbwaiter and unforgettable locations Skip He keeps his pocket money. Wonderful. <br /> <br /> "Pickup On South Street" is also one of the few movies in which even if the characters are not perfect, you care about them - maybe because they were somewhat marked by their past in ways hard to escape: Jump like a loser three times and Candy like a young woman who beat a lot. When these people behave a little worse than you would expect, it's kind of new ways that make you look at people you never imagined - and yet you know they are possible because the actors do so to be recognized by man.
