** SPOILERS ** Since the extinction of their favorite grandchildren, Phyllis, the mysterious writer of crime, Abigail Mitchell, Ruth Gordon, has strong suspicions that Phyllis's husband, Edmund Galvin, Charles Frank, was responsible for her death. In fact, Abigail is convinced he killed her and made her look like a tragic accident. Knowing that there is no evidence that Edmund's arrest for Phyillis 'death and the decision to take the law into his own hands Abigail prepares this plan to make it and make it seem, like Phyllis' death, a tragic accident. Getting Edmund secretly in her mansion to give her a safe combination while on holiday for New York City, Abigail prevents him from going in, shutting Edmund scared and surprised. being resistant to the noise at the mansion's residence and to Abigail Veronica's secretary, Mariette Hartley, heard him screaming for help, and the next day, Edmund was found suffocated to death. Veronica discovered Edmund's body while she was about to remove them to keep the last manuscript of Abigail safe. Columbo, Peter Falk, is being summoned to the case involving Edmund Garvin's weird death to determine whether it is a murder or a tragic accident. Passing through Edmund's apartment, Columbo is puzzled to find that he does not have a single photograph of his late wife, who lacks only a month! This relates to what Abigail always felt about him in Edmund, not being in love with Phyllis and a suspect in her, Abigail's murder, a crime. <br /> <br /> Columbo, a great fan, with his wife, from Abigail's mysterious novels, faced difficulties in realizing that he was actually responsible for Edmund's death. All the evidence points to Abigil, including a missing pair of car keys, which was Edmunds. All this proved that Abgail was actually in the house, not on the road to the airport, when Edmund was locked in the entrance safe. Passing through all the evidence, Columbo comes with this strange conclusion that Edmund must have left some evidence inside the safe in writing to who his killer is. This conclusion is quickly checked when it is found that Edmund did not even have a pen or pencil or light, with the burned safety bulb, to write it. There's also a very weird thing that's inside the safe that has been in Lt Columbo's mind since he came back. This has to do with the rest of the black paint that was under Edmund's dead nails and the belt buckle! <br /> <br /> This evidence, when put together with a number of other safe items that ultimately hangs Edmund's murder on the mysterious and skillful writer Abigail Mitchell. Edmund left Abigail unknowingly condemned in his final attempt, when safe air had been used by breathing through the use of opposites to write the last manuscript that killed Abigail: Abigail Mitchell!
