After Cecil B. DeMille's failure of boxing crusades, he stopped filming about non-American history. His films for the next thirteen years have been linked to our history at Jean Lafitte in World War II (Dr. Wassell). The first in production order was this movie, with Gary Cooper as Wild Bill Hickok, with Jean Arthur as Calamity Jane. James Ellison was Buffalo Bill, John Miljan (not a villain as usual) was General George A. Custer, and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians who fought at Little Big Horn. The villains were led by Charles Bickford (selling weapons to the Indians) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hickok). In principle, the film takes over US history after the civil war. Lincoln is shown in the beginning by talking about the next step Lee has now surrendered. Lincoln talks about the need to secure the West (more about this point later). Then he announces that he has to go to the theater. That April 14 would have been very busy for Abe - in Virginia City he pardoned Errol Flynn at the request of Miriam Hopkins the same day. In fact, while Lincoln was worried about the West, his immediate thoughts since the last day of his presidency aimed at reunifying the former confederate states and its citizens in the Union as soon as possible. It was Reconstruction that paid attention, not the West (except for the problems of Maximillian and his controlled forces in Mexico against Juarez). But he was involved in real problems with the West. In 1862, General John Paul, who died in the second Manassas, in Minnesota, sent a disappointed general to end a serious Sioux Indian war (the subject of McKinley Kantor's novel, Sprit Lake.) Pope incompetent against Lee and Jackson, turned out to be quite effective here, and the revolt was destroyed. However, with Lincoln's real attention to Western issues, it is doubtful that he says (as Cooper repeats at least once), "" There is nothing to say that could not have said it, but it is not a pronunciation "Teddy Roosevelt said," You eat a good breakfast every morning for your health. "A profound policy statement is at least a recognized statement." Cooper, turning it into a minor mantra, like Lincoln's version of the Monroe Doctrine, is ridiculous ... typical of how DeMille's scenarios have very bad errors common sense in them. However, this is not a ruin istake. "The Plainsman" is an adventure film and as such has the maximum benefit of DeMille, the creator of the show, so it's worth forgetting, but not as a handbook on Lincoln's political ideas or his legacy po please be quoted.
