Kim Basinger plays Della, a housewife who has twin children (Terri and Tammi - played by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and an abusive villain for a husband (Kenneth), played by Craig Sheffer. > The movie opens on Christmas Eve. Kenneth returns home from work, driving a beautiful car that I could add. He is on his cell phone arguing with a business partner that I would assume. When he returns home, he sees the floor as a mess with shoes and toys spread all over. This makes him even more angry and takes care of his wife, Della, asking her why the house is always a mess. He hits her against the wall. The twin clock on the stairs. He knocks the wall, leaving a hole in it and leaves. She tends towards the children, trying to comfort them. After everything is said, he has to go to the mall to make some last-minute shopping and because he has no paper to pack. It gets there and the parking lot is full, because there are many last minute buyers out there. While looking for a parking spot, she notices that a car occupies two spaces and that irritates it. Eventually, he finds a place to park, heads for the landing car and leaves a note under the wiper, naming the owner a "selfish robbery." Then she goes to the mall to shop for the last moment. When she finally leaves the mall, she closes and many people have already gone. She is not the owner of the car she has left behind, and yet she observes this on the road to her car. He also notes that the note he left under the wiper no longer exists. Strange. When she goes to her vehicle, she starts to start her. She notices a car approaching her and prevents her from supporting her. She comes out of the car just to face the owner of the car (Chuckie - played by Lukas Haas) whom he left the note and a pose of his friends. Laughter also climbs a mall policeman (no, not Paul Blart) heads to see what the problem is, just to tear his brain off Chuckie. As this happens, Della jumps into her vehicle, starts her and drives her over the median in front of her. Chuckie and his posse feed in the car and then go. It ends by collapsing the vehicle in a bunch of logs at a home, but it's not injured. She manages to get to the back of the vehicle, open the hatchback and grab a toolbox before getting there. With this, Della spends the rest of the night trying to overcome and get out with armed hooligans only with the tools he has in his toolbox as weapons. The first shot, in my opinion, is the best. The first killing that Della does anyway. The latter was probably the weakest and should have been the best, as he was the main bad guy he was spending. <br /> <br /> I will recognize that there will be some who are left to buy the end and I was left a little down myself. On the whole, however, it was a fun movie and it moves really nice at 1 hour and 20 minutes.
