ATTENTION, SPOILER! Many people have told me that "The Planet of the Monkeys" was Tim Burton's worst film and apart from being much weaker than the original movie. So I decided not to see. Another friend of mine who had not seen the movie yet advised me to look at it, yet because "a Tim-Burton movie is still a Tim-Burton movie." I decided to do it and found it right. It is clear that a remake of a movie so famous as "The Monkey Planet" is automatically influenced by commercial thinking. However, Tim Burton managed his film to represent his strange play, as well as "Beetlejuice" or "Batman". If you already love with Burton's movies, it's hard not to like one of his movies, even if he has some flaws: monkeys, monkeys, superheroes and a leading actor who could easily be replaced by someone else. What the film gives us first is an answer to the question: What is the result when Tim Burton is instructed to create a remake? First of all, Burton would not have been Burton if he did not refuse to call her a remake from the beginning; is a "re-imagination". On the other hand, Burton knows that almost every viewer of his movie saw the first movie version of Charlton Heston (as a man) and knows that a remake does not exist without his model and that the two films will not stop being compared. So everything he does is to play with this comparison every moment of his film, eg by referring to quotes. As for the story, Burton does a brilliant work by answering the open questions of the first original, then driving the entire audience to despair, destroying this wonderful clarity and ending the movie with? And here is the Spoiler? Leo returning to the earth and found in a world that seems to have been dominated by monkeys forever. <br /> <br /> Now, this is the burton response to the expectations of the people they hold because of the astounding, shocking end of the first "Planet of the Monkeys." An end, even more unexpected, more amazing and: completely confusing, because? and here I do not agree with the different "monkey planet" - starting pages and -platforms? Makes no sense. It can not be a meaning or even so complicated that it becomes ineffective. Tim Burton plays his raw games, makes a grin and he does it well. Burton fans will surely want others to feel betrayed and complain of some kind of manners. Well, and I do not think the producers will ever ask Burton to direct the remake again?
