Gordon Parks, the prolific black photographer of Life magazine, has made a real time buzz of a movie here - one that does not get around! Based on the true story of two New York police officers, later called Batman and Robin, who used radical tactics to clean up their drugstore, it is a political film before this term becomes a repetitive formula. Sometimes it's not an unimportant scene to throw here. The man, in the early 1970s, NYC should have been a terrible place to be a police officer, from watching such movies and from "Serpico". These two police officers are beginning to become security secondary, destroying dealers with underwear in their spare time. But instead of receiving applause from the city's police department, they receive nothing but resistance and antagonism from their colleagues. They have to navigate in a mined area of ​​police and legal corruption, unconditional tasks meant to prevent them from working on the streets, the ruthless drug king, and an ugly ghetto neighborhood. And David Selby and Ron Leibman are fantastic in leadership; a part of the entertainment follows Leibman's eyes that drove around madness in every scene in what is a flawless comic performance, and Selby's role is low and key. These two make all the comedic aspects of the story work - showing palpable frustration mixed with determination. Director Parks, who was already known to reflect the controversial topics in his photo, does not move away from the underground story. Rather, the film is a compromise in describing the hardness of the world of policemen and criminals in the streets that these two people live in. Adding to this realism is the fact that the real Hantz and Greenberg acted as technical filmmakers and even appear in the role of surrealist camo as two colleagues of officers ridicule the protagonists. It is a true tribute to the effectiveness of park management that it manages to perfectly balance this depressing pity with a brilliant comedy. Why MGM / UA has let this sit on the shelf for 30 years - is it a home movie or DVD release in the US? It's a minor masterpiece since the 1970s.
