He first saw this half-life behind a black-and-white TV in a small village in Samoan and thought he was hilarious. Now, after seeing her the second time, so much later, I do not find it hilarious. I find nothing else hilarious. But this is a comedy full of faithfulness and daring that moves quickly without hindrance and I enjoyed it. It's 1945 and Fred MacMurray is a 4F who dies to enter one of the armed forces. He breaks a lamp in the household he runs, and a cute little man seems to give him some desires. (Hmmm, yes? But although the introduction is no more than good, the fantasies are quite lively.) MacMurray tells the cute he wants to be in the army. Poof is heading with the soldiers in Washington in a particularly warm and welcoming USO, where Jun Haver and Joan Leslie carry a lot of sweets or whatever they are, and lavender wigs. Washington sends MacMurray to spy on the enemy - the red cover, the German-speaking Hessians, not the British. Hessians are stuck in a Bierstube and singing a very funny song that increases the virtues of Vaterland, "where the white wine is more winner / and the rhinier in the Rhine / and the bratwurst is softer / and the yellow hair is yellow / and Frauleines are succulent / and the goose steps are goi. "Something like that. Characterizations are fabulous, as good as those of Sig Rumann. Otto Preminger is the funny and sinister general. - You know, Heidelberg, you have 241-1 against you, but do not worry. <br /> <br /> I can not go too far with these fantasies, but they are all fun, so are the lyrics. When he wants to be in the Navy, MacMurray ends with Columbus and fantasy is portrayed as a great work. "Do not you know that sailing ships have meant a terribly expensive investment?" "I do not care what it looks like," Columbus murmured, "but that place will be called Columbusland." Anyway, everything is finally directed, though this bad luck this time is pretty drunk, and MacMurray revolves in the Marine Corps with the right little girl, and I made her sound too cute, maybe, but it's cute, kids will enjoy smoke buffets and the story of magic and love. Adults will get a hit from the most challenging elements of the story (who are the hessians?), unless they happen to be college graduates, in which case they might want to stay tied up and say, "Wow! Awesome! "
