After I crossed this movie on the Fox movie channel on a lazy Friday afternoon, I'm not thinking of a better way to spend a lazy Friday night, putting me two cents worth. Especially when you consider the lack of user comments on it. Not all movies, good or bad, deserve more than four comments? And this movie is not bad at all. The first thing you have to remember when watching a movie like April Love is to remember the era from which the end of the '50s came in this case. The movies were pretty much a happy environment then. The cinemas were devoid of tragedy, while the screens were filled with widescreen Technicolor films to remove people from the shimmering gray of the bad environment in a box called television. I do not know how many people have been hindered by the bowl tube to see it, but it has captured my attention for 97 minutes. Teen Idol Pat Boone plays Nick Conover, a young teenager sent to live with his aunt Henrietta (Jeanette Nolan) and Uncle Jed (Arthur O'Connell) outside of the country after being screened for the theft of a car. Apparently, his aunt and uncle have lost their own son (Jed Jr.), so Uncle Jed seems to have lost his desire to live. Aunt Henrietta hopes that Nick, on the farm, will somehow bring Jed to him. Story lines like these, what they are, Jed and Nick do not care too much about each other. Jed continues to meet with neighbors Fran (Dolores Michaels) and Liz (Shirley Jones) Templeton. Immediately, Jed has a passion for Fran and, of course, I do not have to tell you that Liz is developing a crush on Jed. Then it is Uncle Jed's horse, a trotter that has turned into a savage and will not let anyone take care of it since Jed Jr.'s death. You could fill everything that's happening from that moment on your own, seeing how there are no real surprises. It does not matter, however, you will enjoy it anyway. Once you have passed the image of Pat Boone clean, as a supposed evil boy, you will not have any problems with the rest of the movie. Bearing in mind that Boone turns out to be a surprisingly good performance like Nick. Of course, the role does not require too much depth, but it's still a very good job, when you least expect it. Like Jed, Arthur O'Connell is the perfect choice for the role. At first, he can not be found and cold, but when he slowly heats up to Nick, we see he's a good guy. Jeannette Nolan is very fun like Henrietta, who is constantly playing the role of the mediator between Jed and Nick. Shirley Jones takes a break from Rodgers and Hammerstein and gets a few occasions to encourage us with his singing talents. Like Liz, it's great to look, wonderful to listen and sometimes funny. Dolores Michaels as Fran, which is a bit more on the wild side, is just as much fun. The best thing about April Love, is that there is no real means of conniving character of any kind on the screen. He's not a real villain in the whole thing. Everybody is so cute that you can not enjoy the movie. I honestly think it is quite refreshing, like putting your problems behind you and enjoying a summer picnic with your friends. Think of this as the old Andy Griffith show with musical numbers, a smaller plot, and a widescreen Technicolor. The songs are a mixed bag, the song April Love being the best of them. Another thing I liked is that they did not return to the background of the blue screen during the horse racing sequences and they were much more fun and exciting because of that. In fact, you will find the whole movie beautifully photographed and it was nice to see that they did not fight in that department. The chemistry between Jones and Boone is good. The best thing is how the contempt between Nick and Jed is portrayed, each trying to somehow gain the respect of others. This movie will not be confused with an excellent cinema. However, sometimes, instead of going to Disneyland, you just have a nice trip to the park, and that's what April Love is. <br /> <br /> My class: B + <br /> <br />
