I have to be 100% honest with your other IMDb users. I wanted to see this movie for a very long time only because of the poster. Does not Charlotte Gainsbourg look sexy and charming smiles in this way? I'm in love with that woman! I got what I expected ... but only half. This film should offer expectations for those who enjoy all sorts of romantic comedies or stories involving smart humor and bright dramatic situations. While I do not agree with another IMDb member who says the movie is overrated; I have to admit that your "main préte-moi" has a lot of defects. My main problem with the film is the lack of on-screen chemistry among the main characters. There is no single scene before the climax that shows the main characters who share a moment of "romance" or even a clue that they are interested in each other. In fact, just the scene was both part a moment is extremely strange (when both are in the couch) and does not help the audience to understand about a possible love interest. I did not buy dinner. Still, the film offers very funny moments and has a strong dialogue that supports such an ingenious premise. I mean to say ingeniously it would be very difficult to make such a farce by a 43-year-old man these days. I understand it is a movie and that's why I accept it as a funny situation. In addition, humor is versatile. There are moments that involve S & M, funny lines with Chabat's best friend, some lesbian references, funny situations involving family women and more. Charlotte Gaionsbourg's performance is of prime importance and she is by far the film. She is funny, sexy, she looks very thin and fine, and she shows she is a versatile and talented actress who can deliver a comic and dramatic performance in pure brilliance. Alain Chabat is a fine actor and offers decent performance. I think support distribution does what it can. Score, art direction and other technical aspects are very good and give a dynamic picture to the movie. enjoy this kind of cinema should be satisfied after the end credits. It's a good example of cinema.
