Before it was Crash, it was this exciting movie called the Grand Canyon. Launched about 14 years earlier than the former film, the Grand Canyon was a film about two people from different backgrounds who meet together as friends over a lifetime. For me, Crash was still a slightly better film, but Grand Canyon had no role. In Los Angeles, a top class lawyer called Mack (Kevin Kline) is making a shortcut across the city's bottom just to break his car in the worst time. He asks for a towing truck and has to wait a while, soon to be threatened by a group of dangerous people who want his car. Soon the towing truck driver arrives at the perfect time and walks out Simon (Danny Glover) to take the truck away. Both men are threatened, but Simon manages to wake up, Mack, and the car from distress. Beyond that, a friendship developed between the two men over a lifetime, and Mack helped Simon, just as Simon had helped him out of the dangerous situation earlier. You see that Simon's sister, Deborah (Tina Lifford), lives in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children, and she fears her eldest son who seems to be walking around the streets at night with bad men. Mack gives them a better place to live, as well as find Simon with his secretary's friend, Jane (Alfre Woodard). This is the main screenplay of the film, but there are other smaller plots involving the same thing (Mary Louise Parker) and Mack's wife (Mary McDonnel) who discovers an abandoned child not long after his son Roberto (Jeremy Sisto in his first film) he left for the summer camp and will probably continue with his own life soon. The details of all these plots are reunited in a complex movie that uses a police helicopter as a metaphor of life and as a bridge to embody all different scenes. This simple plotting device works very well and helps a lot to the story stream. Director Lawrence Kasdan, whose greatest film at this time was The Big Chill, created a splendid film here. The distribution is excellent, and most ideas are well thought out, but unfortunately it is not enough because some points that would make the film even stronger are taken into account. The story involves the secretary is one, and the second involving Simon's nephew is the other. These scenes should have been beyond the story, and then Lawrence Kasdan's views on life between the upper and lower classes would have been more at a higher level than at a very good level. Even Grand Canyon has exceeded expectations and yes, you will be able to see a view of the canyon on which this movie was called. There is also a small role for Steve Martin as Davis, a violent film producer who offers his own views about life and has a small role in the ideas of this film.
