If you really want to know how most Hollywood actors and filmmakers have "done" where they are, the vast majority will tell you (assuming they will say) that a strange coincidence happened. They happened to meet the right people at the right time and get into the right project, which led to other connections and other projects. Quinten Tarrantino took an acting career whose instructor knew Harvey Keitel. Kevin Spacey picked up a back passage from an old bedroom to the lecture of a famous playwright who helped him land an important role. And Robin Williams gives his son Gary Marshall's career, who, after seeing Star Wars, suggested to his father that a stranger must visit Cunninghams Happy Days. These coincidences, often seen as good luck, form many of Hollywood careers today. Or is it pure luck? Is there anything else to happen? "Grand Canyon," written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, proposes an entirely different explanation for the miraculous, inexplicable strange coincidence. The film refers to several different characters whose lives intersect because of a positive and yet unexplainable occurrence. Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father, faces decomposition into one of the most dangerous areas in LA. After a towing truck is called, a young gang gathers him. They threaten violence if they do not leave their car. Just before the confrontation can grow, Danny Glover appears as the towing truck driver and attenuates the gang's intentions. Though Glover denies it later, he probably saved Kline's life. A producer (Steve Martin) of cheap violent movies is shot in the foot and after the wards has a spiritual experience. Then announce the withdrawal from the blood and the fun. And Kline's wife, Clair (Mary McDonnell), while on a jogging in the morning, finds a child hiding in the foliage. She claims that the baby cried out for her and that the "rescue" of the child was preordonated. The film continues to explore the results of these strange connections that lead to future relationships, the end of relationships and new beginnings. And all the time, a foreign defense counselor appears throughout the film as if he were connected to everything that's happening. It is very rare in Hollywood or for the film in general such a purely esoteric subject. There are some moments that seem somewhat unbelievable, but maybe that's the point. What makes the movie work is the superb action of the play. Though miracles and coincidences may seem exaggerated, the actors make you think they are facing these new realities. Perhaps this is a topic that we should explore more often.
