I reviewed the Grand Canyon earlier this year when I started to invent a ten best list of 1990s. I saw the first movie when I was 17 years old. Where did I hear? It was reviewed and recommended by Siskel & Ebert in 1991, and finally I captured the video one year later. It's a wonderful movie, a powerful movie, a healing movie, about the power to listen, really listening to each other. I've seen it six times, and I'm having fun and inspiring every subsequent view. But why poor reviews for this movie? Maltin's film guide gives her two out of four. Too melodramatic, too much coincidence, too many, are the expressions I read the most. Yes, there is melodrama in this story, and yes, there is also a coincidence. But it offers with intensity and force that seems supple. For every kind of "plot" that exists in the Grand Canyon, such as shotguns, a police pursuit, an earthquake, a love affair, the discovery of a woman in bushes, another blow, an accident near a new driver and worldly advice from a homeless man, this movie wins because of the intelligent performances of Kevin Kline, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfre Woodard, Danny Glover, and Jeremy Sisto. He also succeeds in the direction and skillful writing of Lawrence Kasdan. You know it's not just another movie when you think of a sequence at the beginning of the movie, which means that Kevin Kline was harassed by four young black men. Danny Glover plays a tow truck driver that helps the Kline character, but not before being harassed by the group leader. Listen to the dialogue as Glover's child suggests: "Are you afraid of me because of me or because I have a weapon?" Grand Canyon is full of perceptual scene after another. Steve Martin should have been nominated for the best supporting actor as a film producer who has a heart change and then a subsequent change of mind. I think his character is a warning that "good" can lead us forward, that idealism is a virtue, but we have to constantly fight and not depend on it. I'm afraid the Grand Canyon will be lost forever in the wild of new shows at the video store. But with the dealings now related to versions older than 99 cents, I pray with someone who reads this in a review by a reviewer that you will thank him after you have rented it, Grand Canyon is something special. If you loved Magnolia, another great movie with deep humanist themes, you'll love the Grand Canyon.
