This is a great adaptation and a wonderful miniseries in itself. Cut-offs of the plot could disappoint the fans of the book (but how many modern readers have read Bleak House without seeing the first movie version? I know only a few). <br /> <br /> I think it's terrible to see critical reviews of the series that have been clearly written by people who have no idea about the story - you've actually seen the series or just wore BBC Production , because Gillian Anderson was in the newer version? The series captures the mood, the rhythm, the characters and the plot-drivers (cutting Dickensian flora unnecessary and detracting from a film treatment such as Turveydrop's story, Smallweed family dynamics and extra-Tangle lawyers, Vholes etc are very truncated ). The only omission I wished to have been kept was the Jellyby incident, but since the first episode is already a little slow (after the first episode, the rhythm is perfect), I can see she had to go. <br /> <br /> The only criticism I have is that Jo's death could have been made more faithfully. I see that he could have practically Canonized Woodcourt and he kept a little more human because he did not have that scene, but I really think Jo's death is one of the most painful points of the book and I missed even if it always makes me cry. br /> <br /> Did she really see the series? How did she think Esther was raised by her aunt and UNCLE? Who is this uncle? I suppose someone who could kill the name of DENHOLM Eliott for Desmond is not really an appreciated English art (film or literature). I also think he's wrong with the law. Yes the law is traced very badly in the Bleak House. She does not succeed Jarndyce's descendants whose valuable inheritance is consumed by the costs of litigation, failing the deceased Tom Jarndyce and Rick Carstone and all those who have confidence in the trial. Miss Flyte fails. In a sense, it also fails Captain Hawdon, who is led to his death by the monotonous work of copiers. Yes, he nourishes those who deal with Vholes and Tangle. But it also makes men like Guppy and Kenge to go beyond their station in life. Although not cute with social status, climbers Dickens would have clearly preferred not to be stuck in the station where they were born (the contrast between Jo and deer families to poverty escalation by Charley Neckett). The law, though used by Tulkinghorn and the Chancery vultures, is actually the source of security for the Ada and Richard Court and Esther, which is simply Jarndyce. Their safety was secured by the law that sent them to Jarndyce. I can not see how anyone can have trouble watching the story - remember that you do not have to realize that Esther is Lady Dedlock's daughter right at the beginning. You do not have to "get" all the connections right away. Instant thanks do not happen in Dickens. As for "seeing clearly" through the fog, Gillian Anderson had such an unclear edition that I found the impossibility of following and already knew the plot! <br /> <br /> I found Diana Rigg absolutely brilliant (overcoming and drama do not make a good lady Dedlock, but if you think you try the Gillian Anderson version). It's ADA and Rick is not "Kate"! and you'll get everything you need from the Rouncewell subplot.
