You do not need to read this review. A previous review by pninson in Seattle has already identified all the main shortcomings of this production. I can only amplify my basic arguments. Bleak House was a relatively late novel by Dickens and is much darker than his previous work. This is taken over literally by director Ross Devenish, who feeds in darkness and fog too much. When Ada, Rick and Esther appear in half an hour in the opening episode, it's a relief just to be in the daylight for the first time. In some of the more dirty scenes, it was hard to see what was actually on my TV screen. I watched everything one day, starting at mid-afternoon. As the light of day has gone, it has become less a problem, but I have a pretty good TV and I have not encountered this problem before any time of the day. Stimulation is very deliberate (ie slow). I'm sure this was intensional, but it's overloaded. There are numerous photographs of people trudging, though muck and gloom of London Victorian, which are maintained longer than necessary to establish mood and atmosphere. A good editor may take perhaps a few minutes of each fifty-minute episode without losing a dialogue line by cutting each of these easy scenes. I do not want to overestimate these two issues. Soon you adapt to the look and pace of this production. The most important issue is that it does not always tell the story very effectively. The new Dickens novels are as long as Bleak House, but they are not nearly as complicated. For example, I recently re-read Nicholas Nickleby because I was intrigued to see Douglas McGrath filling a 800-page book in his two-hour film. The answer is simple: the book is full of stuff. McGrath cut out large pieces of the novel while keeping all the essentials of the story. This would not be possible with Casa Bleak. <br /> <br /> This production takes seven hours. He probably needs even more, because many elements of his complicated plot are not clear enough or well treated, as it should be. Some random examples will illustrate the problems. The servant, Rosa, appears from nowhere without background, so Lady Dedlock's attachment to her is largely unmotivated. <br /> <br /> Accepting Sergeant George in Tulkinhorn's request for a Horton's writing sample is somewhat fudged. It is not clear that Esther is actually in love with Woodcourt when he agrees to marry John Jarndyce. Nor is it clear that they agreed not to announce their commitment or why. The secret marriage of Ada and Rick is omitted. In an episode, they are just lovers; in the next, people suddenly refer to them as husband and wife. Mrs. Rouncewell is only introduced at a later stage of the story and the alienation of Sargeant George from his family is left unexplained - as well as the means by which she is discovered. Tulkinhorn's dedication to maintaining the honor and respectability of the Dedlock family is undervalued, the reason why persecuting Lady Dedlock is more obscure than necessary. The involvement of the brick producers with both Tom and Lady Dedlock (later) is somewhat opaque. It is not obvious that Guppy renews his offer to Esther because she has been missing smallpox. <br /> <br /> This is just a selection: there are others. There are no major problems, and the main story of the story is pretty clear. However, these are minor irritations that escape its power: you should not get bored of the small plot points. However, there are several important structural problems that weaken the story in its later stages. The whole business of Tulkinhorn's murder is somehow thrown away. The bucket immediately identifies Hortense as a suspect, which undermines the suspicion of Sergeant George's situation and the importance of finding Mrs. Rouncewell. It also diminishes the impact of the sub-plot in which suspicion is thrown on Lady Dedlock and weakens the scene in which Hortense is exposed in front of Lester. A more serious problem is that Mrs. Dedlock's murder, investigation and search has dominated the story for more than an hour, while we lose sight of the other main component: the legal case and its effect on Rick. His bankrupt finances, Vholes and Skimpole's gouging, Ada's despair, his health has fallen, and so on, are all suspended for a whole episode. This is how Dickens wrote the book (I have not read it for years), but a good scenario should keep the different plot strips moving together. Finally, Littleweed's role in the story is so small that it's almost useless. His discovery of the new will, which triggers the final stage of the story, is also thrown away. It happens outside the screen. Despite all this, it is still a very good production. Many of the shows are remarkable. Individual scenes are beautiful. His sense of tragedy is very strong. I would still recommend it as a great adaptation of a great book if it had not been for the 2005 production. In fact, I would probably not be fully aware of its defects if I had not seen how it did well Andrew Davies. I was critical of Davies Jane Austen's adaptations, but I have to admit that he really knows how to tame Dickens's extensive books. It's an impressive and exciting drama that deserves seven hours of someone's life. However, its likely fate must be seen primarily as a reference to the almost definitive version of 2005.
