I can not tell how tight the movie is after the novel that never read the book, but since this ends at six and a half hours it's a good bet that most of the base is covered or at least we can say with certain certainty that is not a condensed version of Reader's Digest. Production values ​​are high, up to the standards of other classic BBC series such as Inspector Morse and Sherlock Holmes. We believe that London's Dickens showed up, called and thought a lot about it. There are some minor occasions - an athlete who fired a pistol with a percussion cap in 1840 or 1820 or whenever this happened. Doing too is to be applauded. Suzanne Burden is the polite and honest heroine who is trying to do good. And she is nice, in a mature way, her beauty in her compassionate nature, not in any way flirting. Denholm Elliott is her guardian (and more than that, as it turns out). Burden and Elliott are two of the few characters that are good in an unaltered way. The other is a former sergeant forced to do evil by evil men. Another is a weak and helpless boy. I do not think anyone else could have written this. He has all the signs of Dickens - poverty, tragic death, brutal capitalism, wealthy rich in his closed house, hidden parent, shadow motives and impotence or even the malignity of the judiciary. Well, not the system of justice as a whole, but the school, which was obviously a court that decided to have problems with the distribution of property. (So ​​I gathered from Wikipedia). It became so notoriously rigid and dilatory that it was revised in depth in England in 1973. Twice, Elliott's character described it as "a curse." The most impressive scene involves a creditor who spits the money that hunts a retired soldier in his gymnasium during a fencing lesson. Sergeant is more masculine in the traditional sense than any other male character I remember from Dickens. The money-maker and the tenant scream threats from the chair, and the sergeant turns to him and makes a delicate sword-drill after another, each advancing him closer to his torment while the old lender returns to his chair. <br /> <br /> Two things are missing. Often Dickens will stick in at least one or two fun lines of dialogue. ("Humbug!" Or "The Law Is A Donkey"). Not here. House "Bleak" is the right title. Secondly, there are virtually no "Weberian Ideal Types" - not Mr. Micawbers or Artful Dodgers or Scrooges. Third, the atmosphere, the whole ethos, is tirelessly tough. One of the troubles follows one another, usually dealing with money or some shameful peccadillo of the past. God, it's depressing. It is as if the author had removed the spleen from all that he hated in the world he knew. Poverty, all right. He knows poverty. But someone wonders what Dickens did to deserve this kind of treatment. Maybe I should add that I saw the first episode of the 2005 series - and it's better in two ways. There is more zip in the direction, so the rhythm is a bit faster. And Jarndyce's business vs. Jarndyce is satisfactorily explained right in front, instead of hiding in the shadow as the mysterious "curse", so that the plot is easier to follow.
