This production was made in the mid-1980s and seems to be the first serious attempt to put BLEAK HOUSE on celluloid. No movie version of the novel has ever been tried (it is remarkably rich in subplots that actually serve as a counter to each other, so it would have been very difficult to plunge it down). The novel was Dickens's only attempt to make a central narrator (one of the two at work) a woman, Esther Summerson. Esther is raised by her aunt and uncle, who (in the typical Dickens style) manipulates her badly. She is illegitimate, but they will not say anything about her father. Later, we are involved with the cute Sir Leicester Dedlock and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Dame Diana Rigg) has an increasingly difficult time in terms of private life and the involvement of the Tulkinghorn (Peter Vaughn) solicitor. We are also involved in the actions of Richard Carstone (Esther's lover) in an attempt to win a criminal case, Jarndyce v. Jarndyce, who have warned everyone (even John Jarndyce's cousin, performed by Desmond Elliot) effort. Dickens had been a law reporter and then a parliamentary reporter before writing fiction. Starting from violating the promise case in PICKWICK PAPERS, Dickens looked at the law. Mr. Bumble said he was a "bottom" in OLIVER TWIST, and Dickens would constantly support that vision. He looks at the slums as motives for reproducing the crime in TWIST, that the law is just trying to heal itself. He attacks Chancery and obsolete laws, as well as too strong lawyers and greedy lawyers (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) of BLEAK HOUSE. In LITTLE DORRIT he attacks the debtors' jails (he also struck David COPPERFIELD). In our MUTUAL PRIZE, he looks at the testers and wills. In EDWIN DROOD's Testing, he seems to be going to a murder trial. Dickens was more critical of legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. But the novel also looks at other issues (such as charity and religious hypocrisy, the Scottish detective force, the Social Snobbery Industrial Revolution). He also uses the novel to satirize different people: Leigh Hunt writer, Fields of Scotland Yard inspector and even notorious Maria Manning. Most of these points have been retained in this fine version of the mini-series. If it is displayed again on a cable station, grab it.
