No wonder this movie won 4 prices, it is a film that remains in the life of any soul, no wonder why Paul Reiser has 20 years to finally get to talk to Peter Falk about his idea . I can understand every part of it, this is a movie that will make you cry only a tear or thousands. The story: 10/10 When Sam kleinman receives a letter from his wife about leaving him to find something else, his son and him, to take a journey on the journey to find it, and while doing so, I find something lost, friendship, family and affection for each other. At first you know what's going to happen, but none of the stories are so easy to tell from the beginning to the end, it's a walk between his father and his son and his wife and wife. No wonder he took Paul Reiser for 20 years to write this beautiful love / comedy story. Actors: 10/10 Well, I can not say that what I have to say, hey is with Peter Falk in him, he's a legend all he does in the movies are magical when you use Peter Falk in a story love / comedy, what do you think you got? A perfect result, no wonder this movie is perfect and has won many awards. While Paul Reiser's son is doing a great job, though he's not always a great actor, it does not mean he does not actually work. Peter Falk and Paul Reiser play the perfect Father and Son, the rest of the song is good enough, but you do not see them so much more than just saying that I'm doing what they want to make this even shine. <br /> <br /> Music: 10/10 It does not always work when you use music sometimes just does not fit, but this is not the thing in this movie, the music is perfect in tone, making the movie even more convincing. This part of the movie will shine as well as the other parts, a great soundtrack for a romantic / comedy that's safe. Overall: 10/10 There are so many romance / comedy movies on cassettes, DVDs, Blu-ray and not, but this movie is one of the special ones. it does not happen every day that you can create a story like this, it takes years to think about it, and in fact it is what you had to do, a big piece that should be bought and kept in the human soul , see when you get old and you see it with your father in old age, I think this movie will spark like never another ever did.
