"Working for my people" came as a surprise. I had no idea what to expect. The film directed by Raymond DeFelitta, based on a piece of screen by one of his stars, Paul Reiser, turned out to be a good time for the movies. Although the movie is predictable and we know what the result will be, this is a journey of discovery in which Ben knows his father, perhaps for the first time in his life, Ben sees his father for what he really is, and not for the mythical figure he has in his mind. The film seems to be a vehicle for his star, Peter Falk, and he runs away with the movie, as expected. Mister. Falk, one of the boldest actors working in movies in this era and in recent years, is an actor with such a stature that he must be reckoned with. As Sam Kleinman, Ben's distant father, he is a man who is clearly misunderstood not only by Ben, but also by the whole family and his wife forty-seven years. When Muriel, the patron of the Kleinman clan, runs away, everyone gets into panic because this woman, who was a strong family figure, is vital to keep all together. She does not know where she left, and Sam is confused at Ben's home when she suddenly feels abandoned by the woman she's married and has been faithful for all those years. Ben, the youngest son, takes his father on a journey to look for a house he wants to buy, so he can take his own Manhattan family home. The trip offers Ben's excuse to connect with his father in ways he never knew, because the old man has always projected an aloof figure to his younger son. Along the way, father and son realize how much they love each other and how wrong the old man understood by his children. Sam's love for Muriel extends over many years of knowing each other; they seem inseparable. Peter Falk is magnificent in the movie. He makes an excellent Sam Kleinman, the man who suddenly realizes his life is about to change for the worst case. Mr. Falk shines like the older man and there is never a false move in his interpretation of the man whose whole world is breaking under him. Without being a fan of Paul Reiser, we have to confess that, as Ben Kleinman, he is right. Ben and his father discover how common they both have and their love for Muriel, the mother who sacrificed her life to keep the family together. Olympia Dukakis is only seen at the end of the movie. She has a good contribution to the running mother. Elizabeth Perkins plays Rachel with an extraordinary style. The film has a beautiful look thanks to Dan Gillham's cinema and Steven Argila's excellent musical score. Finally, the film shows a great team effort between his director, Mr. DeFelitta and Paul Reiser, who wrote it for the screen. Although this movie is clearly targeted for an older audience, it should be enjoyable to anyone.
