Two-thirds of the nearly 2000 IMDb users who voted for this film rated it at 8, 9 or 10, and one user reported wearing six video tapes (Was it a record or just a faulty VCR?). Although the film is primarily intended as a piece of the epoch, it clearly has a rather unusual fascination. But for some reason, I imagined she was mostly capricious, and until recently she never felt the desire to look. My mind was changed from Elizabeth Von Arnim's original book. My wife loves reading, but her sight stops reading so much that she borrowed it in book form. Such books are usually irritating to a companion who is busy with other things, but I gradually came to appreciate that this was a seductive seduction, though it was in no way flood and was very well written. I realized my wife would love to watch the movie and so decided to buy her video tapes. I am very glad to have done it, and I would certainly recommend buying it for anyone else who appreciates a quiet reflection work without fireworks but with a well-built character development and a successful pre-Mussolini Italian atmosphere. The story is set in the immediate aftermath of the Second World War and begins with two married ladies in London who decide to fish their economies and enjoy a holiday together, away from their families, in a rented villa in Italy . The force of circumstances leads to the pairing of this couple by two other people with very different characters and backgrounds. Its theme is essentially nothing but the interactions that take place during their holiday, not only between these four very mature ladies, but also with the occasional male visitor. If you want action, emotions, dramatic sexual scenes, natural disasters or man-made or arlequin-style Romanians, this movie would not be for you. But IMDb users have demonstrated collectively and very explicitly that none of these is necessary for a movie to be very rewarding to watch and if you are careful to try, you can, as I did, rank it among Your Loved Movies <br /> <br /> It's rare for me to see a movie of a book I already know about. In many cases, it seems to me that this takes some of the pleasure of not watching the movie, but here there is so much a visible asset in the context in which I actually found my great pleasure in the anticipation of seeing the next segment of the book , in front of my eyes. (Perhaps Italy has a role to play in this respect, the last time I had this experience when I looked at the stories of Boccaccio's decadeler on television.) Generally, book movies tend to increase the dramatic level of the original work to ensure that the filmed version has an even wider appeal, but here, if anything, it is small to keep the viewer's attention on the gradual development of character, and not on background events. This works very well, although the changes in the book are few and basically the film remains true to the original story. A great credit is due to the director, Mike Newell and all members of the band, especially to those well-known British actresses playing the four main ladies.
