Three girls, the youngest descendants of the Gaylord family, one of America's most royal families, are orphans at an early age. Just before going to France to fight during the First World War, their father tells the oldest, Fiona, never to sell the land. Until the sisters became adults, they had to lose most of their money to pay their lawyers to defend their property. Through some gaps in his father's will, a man named Charles Barclay is in possession of the Gaylord plot, which he wants to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay is actually based on John D. Rockefeller, who bought land and buildings from wealthy New York families to build the Rockefeller Center. This film deals largely with the melodramatic preoccupations of the three sisters. Fiona, well-played by Barbara Stanwyck, though not considered to be one of her best roles, seems to be a cold and dominant woman and becomes clear she has some skeletons in her closet. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is a little loved and in love with a modern artist named Gig Young. Coleman's was my favorite performance in the movie. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is quite a seductive seduction with a monocle who married noble blood in England, but that does not prevent her from trying to steal Gig from her sister. The three sisters are pretty well developed, but, as the Gay Sisters are, it's never good enough. Charles Barclay is played by George Brent. It's not very good. Well, it would be satisfactory if the story were played the way it should, but it always seems like a fuck in the movie. When we are asked to sympathize with him in the film, it is impossible. Gig Young is played by, huh ?, Gig Young. No, he's not playing alone. What happened was that the actor, who starred in several movies, under his real name, Byron Barr, was pushed by Warner Brothers to change his name to something more appealing. I'm not sure who made the final choice but eventually changed his screen name to Gig Young after the character he's playing in The Sisters Gay. Strange, is not it? The young man is pretty good for most of the film, but the script makes some unfortunate things with his late character in the movie, which ultimately damages the public's sympathy for him. In two other supporting roles, Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are pretty good. Gay Sisters have had great potential to become one of the best family movie moments. Characters are all interesting, just like their own situations. Unfortunately, the script never strives for anything but the simplest melodrama. If it made the connections between all the major characters more complex, he would have managed to rival Evelyn and Susanna, for example, or make a more complicated retrospective, the film could have been fantastic. He could also bolster his prologue, let us know more about the Gaylord family. We must care more about the characters and we need to feel more with them. And the end needed a major fix. In principle, it just quits the end. Fiona's problems are solved so badly that it hurts. Regardless of the sympathy that the character has acquired as the movie progresses, it splits. He is also too happy. This story seems to turn to tragedy or perhaps only to a sense of historical significance or loss. And I still hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and the Gig is never solved. As bad as Fiona's story ends, Susanna's, Gig's and Evelyn's are even worse. I still liked the movie. It is well watched, even if it does not involve us like other great movies of the time. 7/10, especially for its potential. It should have been remodeled or the novel would have to be re-adapted at some point during the studio age. It's too dated to be remodeled now. The 1950s would have been the best time during the films like the Giant.
