I first saw Rob Roy twelve years ago. With a little money for entertainment, I hired her for my fiancé and I'll watch a cool winter night. The movie I wanted was gone, so I hired it in exchange, I did not expect too much, and I was very surprised at how good it was. I just watched him again, and I loved her just as much as the first time. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with the story, it's about the Scottish slave Robert Roy MacGregor, a mighty hero and a popular hero. Of the little that I know about man and his story, the freedoms have been taken with the facts, but it's a movie, not a manual, so filmmakers can be excused. In principle, the film's plot is that Rob Roy borrows money from the Montrose Marquis to buy cattle that he then plans to sell and profit from a big profit. But his plan is prevented when the friend entrusted with the money is robbed of money and killed in the woods. Our hero flees after he has not solved the problem with the Marquis, and Maria, his wife, suffers a sadistic raid in the hands of Archibald Cunningham, a smart, bloody Englishman. The atrocities come until, in an extremely satisfactory conclusion, Rob throws Archibald like a Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are many great shows in this movie, but let me touch some languages. Liam Neeson, as usual, is fantastic, a sexy beast that you can not take your eyes on. Honestly, this man is like ice cream: even when it's bad, it's good. Rob Roy is an honorable man who strives to give those who depend on him in the best way how he knows how. Jessica Lange, like Mary, gives this woman a fierceness, which is a nice change to film wives who feel mad, usually usually forced to endure them. You know he does not get anything from Rob or somebody else. Tim Roth is completely overhead, with the portrayal of Archibald bad, but somehow it works. All posture and preening, combined with bad dialogue, result in one of the most memorable movie criminals in recent memories. Combine all these things and stellar work by other supporting players with the joyous scenery of Scotland, and you have what really represents a really cool movie. If you have not seen this, I recommend that you do this.
