The year 1995, when so many people talked about the great premiere of BRAVEHEART by Mel Gibson, saw another very fine, but understated film about Scottish history, ROB ROY. Although it is a very different film, especially due to the historical period of the story, ROB ROY has much in common not only with the wonderful BRAVEHEART, but also with the spirit of epic films. <br /> <br /> It's a movie that discusses similar topics, such as fighting for dignity, courage, honor, revenge, family being the key to happiness. It also leads us to the happiness of the Scottish mountain regions, where the human soul finds its rest, being surrounded by all the greatness of nature. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the main character is a true hero (so universal in epic poetry), a kind of "Scottish Robin Hood" who strives to lead the people out of the oppression of the gentlemen. Though he worsens his situation through deeds, he has to suffer a lot, two things are incontestably in mind: Honor that he is given by himself and LOVE to his wife, Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). This leads to unexpected events ... Except for interesting content and quite active action, the film is filled with truly amazing visions. This factor has to be done with both the sets and locations of the film and the closet. Many memorable moments lie in the mind of any spectator who can afford to understand artistic images. For me, the most splendid scene was in the Highlands when Rob Roy tells the boys what really means the honor. Then he sends them away and makes beautiful love with his wife. The scene that cascading Marguis de Montrose (John Hurt) escapes also deserves a stunning view. Of course, there is some graphic violence, like a duel, but I do not think this violence would be as damaging as many other modern movies. Its justification is like any other epic: the shedding of blood and the cruelty of those times were really serious and there would be no point in hiding it. The most disturbing scene for me was the rape by Rob Roy's wife by the negative character of the story: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It's really disgusting and the kids should certainly stay away. However, the rest is O.K. However, there is an aspect that made me really love this movie, the performances. All of the cast make perfect things from Lian Neeson, who fits well with the high, courageous, powerful Scottish man at Brian Cox's portrayal of evil Killearn, a silent witness of awful acts that feels comfortable with the evil of the war. Jessica Lange is very beautiful like Mary MacGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments of the movie. There is chemistry between Mrs Lange and Mr. Neeson in many of their scenes. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, is doing a wonderful job like Marguis de Montrose, a corrupt man for whom money is the goal in itself by any means. I like that calm of my portrait. But the real negative character is interpreted by Tim Roth, who really describes the unfortunate part of his character, Archibald - a loving man who loves war and finds true lust for rape and slaughter. But as in any good epic, this exceptional evil must find its end ... And another aspect: the musical score: such memorable and sentimental melodies that have to ring in the ears for a long time. The last moment touched me in tears not only because of the beauty that she conveys, but because I deeply combined these happy songs with the grandeur of the locations. Scotland remains in the heart of his visitor and this film reminded me of that permanent effect. It was like the second road to Scotland. ROB ROY is a very beautiful film, very well directed, photographed and acted. BRAVEHEART may not be equal to spectacular sets and extras in battle scenes, but it's a pretty long film with a lot of attention to one of the important features a cinema must have: amazing entertainment combined with unimaginable education. I really liked this movie, feel free to call it metaphorically "mountainous entertainment areas" and miss 9/10
