Bad for this wonderful movie that it had to be released the same year as Braveheart. Although it is a very different film, the conflict between ordinary Scottish people and English nobility is here and here. About 400 years have passed since the Braveheart took place and Rob Roy was established, but some things never seemed to change. Scottland is still led by English nobles, and marshlands do not seem to collapse when they deal with them. Rob Roy is well done, but not the great bishop who was Braveheart. There are no widespread battles, and conflict is more between individuals. And therefore, not all English people are described as evil this time. Rob Roy is just a movie about those with honor and those who are really bad. Liam Neeson plays the title character Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor clan, and his basic function is to harness and protect cattle from the local nobility known as Montrose Marshal (John Hurt). Things look tough for the MacGregor clan as winter approaches and there seems to be a lack of food for everyone. Rob Roy puts together a plan to borrow 1,000 pounds from the marchiz and buy some of his own cattle. He would then sell them for a higher price and use the money to improve the general well-being of his community. Sounds fair enough, is not it? Problems arise when two Marquis chronicles steal money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is probably the most evil character you ever put on the film. He played marvelously by Tim Roth, this man is a crazy man who would have been noble who was sent to live with the marquis with his mother. This man is disgustingly effeminate, rude, heartless and very dangerous with a sword. He has a baby with a little girl and refuses to take responsibility. He violates MacGregor's wife and burns him home. This guy is really as rotten as film characters. Together with another friend of the Marquis (Brian Cox), Cunningham steals money and uses it to liquidate his own debts. Although it is very painful for most people, the Marquis still has MacGregor's debt. This creates a conflict that will last many lives and will provoke the strengths of a man who simply struggles to preserve his dignity. <br /> <br /> Spoilers ahead !!!! <br /> <br /> Fortunately for MacGregor, a duke who is not a friend of the Marquis, sets a final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham to resolve the conflict forever. This sword fight was considered by many to be one of the best movies ever. Cunningham is considered by many to be a sure winner with his speed and grace. And for most of the fight, it seems that these attributes will win. Only when Rob Roy seems to be over, he turns the tables in a shockingly shocking way. The first time you see what's going on, you'll probably be as shocked as Cunningham! Rob Roy is beautifully shot, played awesome and made a perfect ride. The score is quite memorable. Casting choices seem to have come out as Jessica Lange, who may seem from her element, actually turns into one of the most powerful shows like Mary MacGregor. The movie is violent, but there is not much gore. It is, however, a picture full of deviant behavior, though. The nobility is largely played as amoral and unclear. The film has no obvious defects, so it becomes 10 stars. <br /> <br /> Hound.
