This is the moving story of Scotland's legendary hero, Rob Roy, and his struggles with feudal owners. Like Braveheart, which is often compared, it is not very historic. Despite their fictional nature in the first place, we rated both of these films very much and would be hard pressed to choose between the two. In the thirteenth century William Wallace is, as others have noticed, a national figure larger than life, while at the beginning of the 18th century, Rob Roy meets as an honorable Scot, but normal. The story revolves around a clan captain, Robert Roy McGregor, who lives in a Scottish mountain cabin with his wife Mary and his two young sons. As the film begins, he and his colleagues hunt some thieves who have stolen the local cattle. Rob Roy then wants to improve his people's living conditions, so he arranges to borrow a thousand Scottish pounds from a local nobleman, the Montrose Marquis, to buy cattle at the flock. He temporarily entrusts this money to his friend, Alan McDonald. When McDonald and the money get out, Rob Roy is in conflict with Montrose, as well as his clever protector, Archibald Cunningham, and his weakened agent, Killearn. Rob Roy's honor is also tested when Montrose attempts to implicate him in a false testimony against his rival, duke of Argyle, whom he wishes to accuse of being a Jacobit. Charismatic Liam Leeson is brilliant as the royal cock Rob Roy, a smart, alive and noble hero, and a man whose sense of honor is essential to this story. Personally, I think this is Neeson's best performance, his brooch (though Irish) that adds authenticity to the average viewer. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, courageous and honest man, whose word can be trusted. He is a loving husband and father and also loyal to his boyfriend, McDonald, who is accused of robbing him. <br /> <br /> Tim Roth presents his major portraits and certainly one of the most eager and sadistic cinematographers, Archibald Cunningham, an egoistic and ruthless peacock. He is very effeminate for someone who does the major business to kidnap local women, whether he wants it or not. Pathetic Cunningham himself constantly refers to the fact that he is a bastard who does not know his father's identity, though this does not justify his miserable misdeeds of murder, rape and thief. He also throws the young little girl, Betty, ruthlessly, after she got pregnant with her baby, leading to suicide. John Hurt plays the arrogant and foppish role Montrose, who ultimately is implicitly the father of Cunningham. The film is, in essence, the very credible love story between an ordinary man and his wife, portraying the passionate relationship between Rob Roy and Mary. Those who question the presence of passion in marriage must look at husband and wife! I think the phrase used by this pair, "how good you are for me ..." is certainly one of the most beautiful expressions of love in all the cinemas. <br /> <br /> The most convincing performance is likely by Jessica Lange as Rob's wife, Mary McGregor. Lack of makeup has the pretty natural look of a wife and a peasant mother. The actress brings the courage and dignity of her role when she is brutally raped by Cunningham, while Killearn is disgusting. Her dialogue is simply spoken, but full of pride and grace. I'm giving Hollywood the duty that once they showed up pretty much in the rape scene to reveal cruelty, Mary's pain and humiliation, but nothing intended to sensitize. Their father, Alastair McGregor, shows emotional pain when he learns about Mary's rape and continued torment when he swears never to reveal his husband's violation by Cunningham. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film presents the beautiful scenery of the Scottish lands, vintage costumes and corresponding musical scores. There are no big scenes of fighting like at Braveheart, but a continuous action of engagement and a struggle with the very close sword in the final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is an exciting movie that has both tense action and a beautiful love story.
