** Attention Spoilers ** <br /> <br /> First, let me say Rob Roy is one of the best movies in the '90s. It was an amazing achievement for all involved, especially for Liam Neeson, Jessica Lange, John Hurt, Brian Cox and Tim Roth. Michael Canton Jones painted a wonderful portrait of honor and dishonesty that people can represent themselves. But unfortunately ... constantly, and unfairly compare to "Braveheart". These are two very different films, probably similar only in the fact that they are both about Scottish historical Scottish. However, this comparison often bothers me, because it seems almost supposed that "Braveheart" is a better film than "Rob Roy". I really like "Braveheart," but the idea of ​​comparing it to "Rob Roy" is a bit insulting to me. To put it quite simply, I like "Braveheart," but it's a pale shade for how much I like "Rob Roy". Here are my special reasons ... "Rob Roy" is real people. Let's face it, William Wallace in "Braveheart" is not a real person. It's a legend, a martyr, a bigger figure than life. Because of this description, he is also a perfect person who never makes mistakes and basically shows his fellow citizens in the promised country. When it finally fails, it's not his fault. Like Jesus, he is betrayed by the very people he believes most. He even goes through the worst kind of torture because he wants freedom so much. Wallace's description is very well made and efficient. But really do not inspire me or intrigue me. We have found human ambiguity far more than human perfection. That's why "The Last Temptation of Christ" is a better movie than the "Emperor of the Emperors," and this is one of the reasons why I think "Rob Roy" is better than "Braveheart". Rob Roy can be heroic and courageous, but he is far from perfect. He makes many mistakes that have affected the lives of many of their loved ones. Now, of course, no false statement was made against the duke of Argyll was an act of nobility and courage, but it was also an act of selfishness and self-centralization. Let's not forget that the relatives he allegedly protected had been driven from home until the end of the movie because of this act. But Rob did all he could, and that was all you could ask him. Rob's wife, Mary, is also an ordinary and ambiguous person. Let's start with what it looks like in this movie. Sure, she's beautiful, but she does not wear makeup, and in principle, she lets her show her natural beauty. Compare this to William Wallace's two loves (or one, according to your point of view) in Braveheart. Now these two ladies are hot, but hardly a clue about how women looked at time (especially laity). Perhaps it is not a fair comparison, but just another example of Rob Roy's attempts to achieve accuracy are more effective. Through "Rob Roy," Mary must live with her vicious rape by the villain, Cunningham. She feels obliged to tell Rob her fight, but not because she knows Rob has to take revenge for rape. Such a vengeance would certainly mean Rob's death, and Mary is not ready for such a sacrifice. The villains of Rob Roy are equally convincing. Although the enemies of "Braveheart" are well written, they are hardly original. Robert Bruce, a man so brave and cowardly, is affected by moral decisions that everyone is familiar with in the fictional realm. Should he take his request as a king of Scotland, or should he betray Wallace to ensure the safety of his family name? Bruce is the most ambiguous character in "Braveheart," but from Brutus in "Julius Ceasar" to Fredo in "The Godfather Part II," these characters are hard-nosed. Longshanks, though a convincing character in itself, is very dimensional. He is the epidemic of evil, and his tyrannical ways are in direct contradiction to Wallace's heroism. "Rob Roy" has three villains who are wonderful in their shit. First of all, let's start with the Marquis de Montrose. He is a man so obsessed with his self-image that he is willing to let an innocent man suffer because of him. "You see I'm not scoffed" are his favorite words to his "factor." He is a man obsessed with power, angry that a noble noble man as the duke of Argyll can be considered a greater providence than he. He is ashamed of himself and obsessed and uncertain. He is a bad aristocrat, but in ways that make him unique. Cunningham and Callarn are conspirators in Rob Roy and are also Roy's direct assailants. Callarn is so cunning in his cowardice that he's almost comic. He will do anything to preserve the goodwill of the Marquis, which includes the backs and tricks. Cunningham is convincing in the fact that he seems to have been raised to do everything in his power to get the status and affection of the Marquis. He needs a father, he does not know that Marquis is his real father. Therefore when the opportunity to get wealth comes from Callarn, he takes it without interrogating him. It is very similar to the evil of modern man, so centered and in vain that he does not care for the consequences of his actions on others. Many have criticized Tim Roth's performance as being overcrowded. I think. It is clear that Cunningham is simply not bad, but also psychopathic throughout the film. In a world where a man and a sorcerer can go around shot by random people for fun, is Cunningham too much of an unbelievable character? We live in a society where people seem to have diminished the value of human life. "Rob Roy" simply teaches that only the circumstances of this low value have changed. It is a problem in the history of mankind that vanity of human heart will not allow compassion. Rob Roy and Mary give us hope that kindness will prevail, but snakes will always exist in our world. Another character I find fascinating is the Duke of Argyll. He is a true noble, and the values ​​of honesty and courtesy are in direct contrast to the marquis. He appreciates the courage of Rob Roy and Mary and has a direct mess for the marquis and his factor. He gives the world the hope of the people of power. We hope people like the Marquis are an exception and not a rule. The ultimate duel of "Rob Roy" is more interesting when 10 battle scenes from "Braveheart". <br /> <br /> One thing that I'm getting tired of is that people told me that Braveheart is a better movie because of the battle scene. Firstly, battle scenes are hardly original. From "Spartacus" to "Gladiator," Hollywood has had a long tradition in European historical battle scenes. "Braveheart" has some of the best fighting scenes ever made on the film but suffers from an important problem. These battle scenes have no context, except for the struggle for freedom. Now, do not get me wrong, duels are not too original. In fact, there are probably 10 times more dueling movies and battle scenes. But the context of the duel between Cunningham and Rob Roy is a beauty to look at. It is one of the biggest scenes in the history of the film. Let me explain why ... <br /> <br /> First of all, the style of fighting and the two characters in this duel are perfectly describing the characters. Cunningham is effete and dangerous, Rob Roy is strong and courageous. Cunningham uses a fence sword while Rob uses a craft. Cunningham struggles with quick moves, while Roy's fighting style is more obvious. The entire movie, from the first half deliberately slow to the second interesting half, goes so far. It is a powerful thing and it is clear that Rob has to exterminate this threatening evil that has affected his whole world. When Rob receives his upper hand (literally and figuratively), this is one of the greatest moments in the history of the film. Rob wins because he has more of his life, and his honor is stronger than Cunningham's. The use of music is absolutely frozen in this scene. The good that prevails against a real evil is stronger for me than to see how a guy gives only to be able to cry "FREEDOM!". But, hey, maybe it's just me. Rob Roy is more realistic than "Braveheart" I do not know people from the aristocracy or from Scotland were talking about the people of "Rob Roy," but I feel it is clearly an attempt to capture their speech patterns. I feel that many people are bored by "Rob Roy" simply because they do not understand what the characters say. In this case, read some Shakesphere or put subtitles. "Rob Roy" is actually one of the greatest written films of the '90s. Many of the dialogues in this movie are smart, but maybe you have to watch the movie a few times to understand it. On the contrary, the dialogue in "Braveheart" is not very interesting. Of course, what do you expect when the main character is a Scotsman played by an Australian? This is a legend and, obviously, it was not an attempt to capture the discourse of the times. This movie takes place centuries before "Rob Roy", but they still talk like the people today. So, the reason why many people like it better. Today's audiences have become more and more lazy and do not want to take their time or patience to understand complex things. Therefore, as with many epic films, villas are expected to speak a recognized English accent, while heroes speak in a foreign language, not far from our American language. Of course, it is clear that Wallace is a Scottish, but apart from the fact that it sounds like Scotty's Star Trek and some "Aye" for recognition, the Scot's in this film fits into the Hollywood tradition of how we think the shots should sound . <br /> So these descriptions prove that "Rob Roy" is a better movie than "Braveheart"? Hard. But if it turns out, it is very little known that "Braveheart" is a better movie than "Rob Roy". To simply put "Rob Roy" is a movie that has very close themes in the world of today. "Braveheart" is a movie about a legend that is inspired but hardly realistic. You can make a decision on what you think is best ... Grade - Score - 9
