MAJOR SPOILERS !! This is for the people who have seen the movie! The order reached the main theme of "honor" in the film and too many comparisons with "Braveheart". I want to highlight a few things about this movie, which I have not seen before: <br /> <br /> This movie has a different decision about abortion. The first character who gets pregnant is the villain's girlfriend (Roth), and when she accidentally suggests an abortion, she says it's too late for that. The shame of his situation ("I have a bastard of the villains") leads her to commit suicide in a much later scene. The second pregnant character is Mary's wife, Rob's wife, after a Roth character's rape (and at least one sex scene with her husband, Rob). At the end of the movie, after Rob leaves for a final confrontation with Roth, Mary asks what she should do about the burden of questionable origins with a hint of abortion. Rob responds in noble tone, "it is not the fault of the child," then states what he thinks should be the name, the girl or the boy. I think this "pro-life" position on the hero is very non-Hollywood. Rob goes from the darkness of the house to the glow of light to make this comment - not coincidence symbolism. Another similar theme is the character of Roth being a bastard, someone who obviously does not know who his father was, and has few good words for his mother, although she is wearing her picture in a case hung on her neck. It is a coincidence that Roth (lacking family stability) is the psychopath's definition of walking, while Rob is the strong figure of his husband / father and, of course, the hero. In the final fight of the sword between Rob and bastard (Roth), the former strips cut him deep over his chest - the left side of his chest over the heart. His employer and pseudo-father character (John Hurt's character) holds the mother's image in her hand and looks at her before she plucks her from the dead Roth's throat. Also, what seems to me to be interesting is the direction of the rape scene, which was not quite graphic, but it was also out of the camera and implicit. It seemed surprising to me that it is a matter of fact that Mary shows convincingly the characteristics of someone passing through the test and the post-traumatic stress afterwards (as we call it now). I am referring to the fact that rape was neither sensational nor implicit, which I find an interesting way for Hollywood. In the final battle scene, I have to correct an earlier commentator: The Roth Army chose a rapier (or maybe a short sword), the weapon that Rob chose as Claymore. Someone was really doing their homework on the whole scene. Roth would have the upper hand in such a situation, but of course Claymore is a distinct Scottish weapon. What is even more amazing for me (as a diver and someone who has read a little about the subject) is that this final sword fight is one of the most convincing of any film ever made: The actors seem to try to kill each other - Not with the usual oysters at the opponent's blade that we see in most movie battles (including the fight to open the movies). Even more true in history, Roth is seen several times using the rapier as a shotgun, which is his design goal! (The rappers were cut, but first of all a pushing gun with the edges used mainly to make an adverse blow.) Rob uses Claymore in wide ditches because he's the design intent. The fight goes down as I expected - Roth actually wins. Although Rob wins the day by grabbing Roth's weapon (more symbolism) and striking him dead with a strong cut. <br /> <br /> People, it's RARE to see this level of historical precision in a sword fight. I will also notice that, for whatever reason, I remember 1995 (the release year) as a moment of disbelief with the United States government. Hollywood has obviously been adapted to that with the release of "Rob Roy" and "Braveheart," and I think anti-governmental inclinations are why both movies compare so much. <br /> <br /> I think that the different perspective that this movie offers is refreshing for the avid movie fans, tired of the same old, not so hidden, messages from Hollywood.
