Scotland's post of Michael Caton-Jones has nothing to do with the same name Sir Walter Scott ... The film opens in Scottish highlands with Robert Roy McGregor and his men finding a bunch of cow thieves who have stolen more James Graham's cattle heads ... The stage then passes into a sword fight contest involving noblemen with long wigs, adorned shirts, soft colored clothing, pale make-up and conventional gestures. . MacGregor lives under the protection of a local gentleman called the Marquis de Montrose ... When he enters an improper commercial deal with Montrose, he is innocently exposed to Montrose's malicious parcels, the money makers ... The pursuit of their perfection is the most creative and the most enjoyable part of the film, though it takes a repulsive respite with a violent rape ... When Rob Roy is finally forced to revolt against the English soldiers, the action becomes well understood, ending with a duel dictated between him and a blade expert ... Liam Neeson injects the heroism and the passion of his character ... He is intelligent, right and virile ... He bears his gratitude with grace as the Scottish chief of a small community ... He is a loving father, a passionate lover and a noble husband, led by desperate acts of villains ... He would rather die than say a lie or betray trust. . Oscar winner Jessica Lange gives the film class as a robust, robust wife, a proud peasant woman brutally raped by a glacial psychotic aristocrat ... Lange's lines are full of dignity and integrity: "I will think you dead until your husband will do that to you, and then I will not think of you anymore. "John Hurt brings his usual customary role to make Montrose more than a greedy marching, ruthless with money and temperament to the English court for Foppery ... He is a pompous arrogant man with two detrimental servants at his service ... Honor, in his opinion, seems a strange notion ... He has two goals: to destroy the reputation of his rival, the duke of Argyle, and to hunt down the fugitive MacGregor ... He sends his soldiers to burn the Highland houses, to kill their people and their animals ... Tim Roth - the perfect antithesis to the hero, is an angry and weird enormous enforcer. He is a British aristocrat, a mischievous, mischievous "slave hired" and his murder through the Scottish mist ... His name is Archibald Cunningham ... It turns out to be a liar, a thief, and a murderer ... He declares as "a bastard abroad, looking for his wealth and favor of great men," and therefore he can not care about anyone else: "Love is a hill, and I am just a cock that climbs on it to creep." He is just joking that he has raped once a young boy to whom he has mistaken a girl ... Cunningham seems pathetic ... He smiles crazy and pronounces words with refined affection, but not very damaging - until a muscular sword insults him and finds out he is a cool head and an expert with a sword ... He even steals the film with a show that gave him a nomination for the best actor in a secondary role ... And while Brian Cox is offensive as Killearn , Andrew Keir is the Montrose Rival, the powerful local aristocrat, the duke of Argyll, one of the few trusted McGregor, meets outside his own family ... Set in Scotland in the 18th century and with an atmospheric musical score, Rob Roy "is really a love story between a man and his wife, a well-known human story, terribly frightened by Mel Gibson's" Braveheart ", who basically tells the same story of resentment his provincial arrogant English ...
