Expect to see if the remake is better or worse. I've rated Audie Murphy a 3 (I'm a heavy student), the second smallest I've ever given Audie (the worst being "Battle at Bloody Beach" if you're curious). I give this movie a rating of "8" (and I'm a hard learner) It's the story of the civil war of the renegade "soldiers," if you want to say that, against the North. People like Quantrell and the men riding with these bandits. The original was an aqueous version, a very clean cut, while still showing the horror of what these men were doing. In fact, movies like the older version are best viewed by mature audiences who can discern the story. I would be better off appreciating the original "R" and this, with the nature of gruff, a GP, because the newer film offers a very honest version, a message more easily deciphered by a minor than the older version. > <br /> <br /> The movie makers of the early sixties have been confronted with "Realism," but few of them offer. Instead, they only give their loved landscapes, empty costumes and drab events, but with stereotypical characters in the comic book, the weakness of the spaghetti age. Modern filmmakers have realized this mistake. It is obvious in a higher western style that we usually see today. This is an example. It offers realistic settings, but it also gives us characters that we can believe there are at that time. It has a few delays, which makes a complete place to become a bit heavy and has some inexplicable situations. But inexplicable situations are fine as long as the whole movie rises, and the characters are quite interesting. It starts a bit camouflaged, but it really improves. The main person is one we can identify and, at least, we have a sympathy. Audie Murphy's character of the early film does not evoke any sympathy and is too justifiable without motivation. The character in this film follows the lines of a true anti-hero. There is motivation and a method for his madness. We never really feel "right", but we can understand where it comes from. There is a lot of action in the movie. There is also some humor. A good scene is when the heroine tells the hero he will not lie to him, and he takes it. This film succeeds in doing what filmmakers are trying to do for decades. This team of director and writer succeeded. <br /> <br /> Recommended. Complete success.
