So the neighbor killed his neighbor. Reminds me of Iraq. When I saw the American flag (50 stars in 1864?) Being dragged behind the horse, I realized why burning that piece of white and red red does not bother me as much as our destruction / indifference to Bill of Rights. I'm a south and I need some historical memory. Watching the character Tobey McGuire learns to respect the dignity of a former slave as he looks at black and German scalps, being bet on a poker game ..... was interesting. Many twists in this movie. The wife, who is forced to marry, shows both the lust and the strong will, characteristics that we are not used to seeing in "Belle's respectable southern victory." The rebellious fool of the southern renegade gave me some information about why my cousin, the head of the Thief Gang of Copeland Horse, Inc. of Mississippi, was hung at that moment. Bands of homeless people were in rural roaming, armed. Do I remind you of Iraq? And how similar are we under the facade of religion and ethnicity? And why the southerners still struggle with civil war today. Too bad we can not use the same knowledge in manipulating the country that we have just invaded and occupied, causing civil war everywhere. This is Mesopotamia, now called Iraq, which is experiencing the misfortune of staying on oil. Missing murderers in Missouri, who attacked Lawrence, Kansas, could easily be the insurgents we are struggling with now. Another anomaly was the father's tribute to the Yankees who moved to Lawrence and erected a school "just before raising a church. And that's why they will win." Huh ????? I was taught history in Birmingham, Al and we were taught that the North was much more industrious and richer ... that's why they won. Obviously, they LITERAL also had God on their side. As you can see here, when the released slave indicates that he is cutting off to release his mother, slaughtered in Texas. God, what gave us a horrible inheritance slavery. By acting pretty well, a lot of blood and gore, while fighters are joyfully walking in battle (but they have not heard any rebels recalling football games in Alabama). You also have a real sense of how bad the war was, since bushwackers and jayhawkers are gathering their forces for another raid. They have lost sight of why they are struggling, and us. Moreover, you have been brought up to date with children returning home from Iraq, while the bushwacker (ahh, what connotations) first has your arm closed, trying to save him, then amputate and then dies. So much suffering for such a bad cause. Cinema is fantastic. Now I have to go back to the DVD and receive the production notes, one of my favorite parts in any movie. I guess this movie was written by Gore Vidal, because the spoken language is a guy you associate with that era, if you knew History. The dialogue is certainly provocative. Not the war movie that is accustomed to blood and consciousness, by any means. See the wounded but still active soldiers still fighting because they have nothing else to do. You see the kidnappers in the south, living on the ground, stealing without discrimination. However, from the beginning, you saw the stopping of the battle so that women can be evacuated from danger. As I read the escalated number of women and children who die in Iraq, I think, "Where have we lost our sense of honor as a people?" I forgot why I was looking for this movie and bought it after 20 years, but some books somewhere praised it. With a good reason. Tobey to the best, pre-Spideyman. Buy your DVD or rent it. And tell me why others praise it, not just the soft liberals.
