When I heard this movie was directed by Ang Lee, I saw it. This Taiwanese director succumbed to "The Wedding Banquet" and "Eat Drink Woman Woman" a few years ago and then moved to "Sense and Sensibility" and "The Storm Ice". Now, he is turning his attention to another American icon - Civil War. This story takes place in Missouri, a state of the Union with southern sympathy. They have never officially joined the Confederate Army. Instead, they formed war bosses called "bushwhackers," raised their hair long, and sometimes confiscated Union uniforms that they wore over their usual garments. The film describes their moral dilemma, their supposed erotic times and missions of killing depositories and farmers who helped the Union. There are no stars in this movie, unless you consider Jewel the singer, well expressed as a young confederate widow as a star. Tobey Macquire is thrown as a young German farm boy who is confused for his inheritance because the Germans were supposedly sympathizers of the Union. This young man is an excellent actor, full of young people with a fresh face, whose performance includes his subtle miracles and achievements, being exposed to the horror of the war. Jeffrey Wright is a liberated slave who travels with bushwhackers because of his loyalty to the young man who bought his freedom. It offers fine and undervalued performance. Some of the actors, however, are wood, especially in their long conversations about morality. And their costumes are too new. And the theme of the "Southern Gentleman" of manners and starvation and politeness toward women happens a bit too much - especially because they make a point of killing all men pulling their women's arms, then burning out shops and houses. While I do not think this will come down as one of Lee Ang's "wonderful" films, I was fascinated by him, despite the slow parts and the excess length of 140 minutes. I was interested in what happened next and I felt empathy for each of the characters who came across all of them as real and imperfect human beings, caught in the forces of history. Not such an action as the regular film war, but still recommended - especially for civil war boys. <br /> <br />
