The most succinct way to describe Ride With The Devil is with one word: authenticity. I will not refresh what has already been said about this wonderful film, but I would like to say how much this filmmaker has appreciated the historical research and the careful attention of the details the crew undoubtedly had. As a student of history familiar with the time and setting of this film, I must say that this production is one of the most accurate fictional films about "Kansas Bleeding." Yes, there were freedoms taken about real events, as all fiction is capable of doing. But the general feeling of the film is authentic. Authentic costumes, authentic attitudes (no retrospective of the PC here) even the actors look authentic. Although Jewel Kilcher (who has a small part of the film) seems to have stepped from a 19th century photo. few spectators I spoke with expressed their mistrust in the stylized dialogue. They can not believe that the nineteenth-century farmers would "speak like poets." What they do not realize is that in this age of verbal freedom, the 19th century public American public was a surprisingly literal eloquent man. These people were raised on Shakespeare and the Bible version of King James. The screenwriters have reconstructed the most likely verbal styles of these people, judging from the time documentation. The stylized dialogue adds only to the magical atmosphere of the movie. But, in addition to a historical documentary, this film also works viscerally. Beautifully photographed and interpreted, it returns in the days of the great Western epochs. The Lawrence, Kansas raid, made so many times in several smaller films, is portrayed with a sense of urgency that puts the viewer right in the middle of the action. Romanticism, adventure, moral and ethical. This movie has everything a comedian may want to perceive. <br /> <br /> In a year that has been dominated by clogged garbage like American beauty, this great work of art has been buried in an indifferent studio system. But I'm convinced he'll be on the journey with the devil in the next few years. Rent this movie. You will not be disappointed.
