Ride With the Devil has something rich and special, if you can stop for slow development. While dealing with a dark, rocky subject, the brutal war of guerrilla warfare in the American West during his civil war (which transformed the old vest of the 1870s), the film keeps a strange, unmanaged atmosphere. What I mean about the trend of music and lighting to make you feel the mood you'd have expected to feel. Instead, the RWTD has a relatively optimistic soundtrack and allows words and actions to speak more of mood than manipulation of the viewer's senses. As an enthusiast of this particular area of ​​CW history, I am very impressed with the precision of the film. The diologist is expertly written (even with subtle humor occasionally) with references to bushwhackers and previous battles aboard (Independence, for example ... A cry out of the Oregon!). The minor events appearing on Jake's band are similar to the real events that took place ... Especially the attack when they hid in the house and destroy the shop / cabin. Battle scenes, though rare, are quite well executed. She even has the first CW cavalry battle on the recent film. The direction shows the talent everyone expects from Ang Lee in subtle ways. Example: The character of Black John is shown to interpret a Lawrence resident during the massacre: "Where is your army? Who must fight?" "Who are we to fight for?" (The shot then passes to a trio of Confederate Regulars standing, nothing to stop the massacre while the voice continues) You are all gone! "There are no important areas in history, which can not be said about the Glory masterpiece, which was essentially fiction in the context of the major events that follow Some minor issues include the fact that the years presented by the events are not added, but you will never notice that. Jake and the bushwhackers confidants It is true that some blacks fought for the Confederation there, including the one who searched Lawrence for Quantrill before the attack (Who will suspect him?) Although this black rebel is a fascinating character whatever the PC of the Americans might think about), no single infantryman of the Black Union, who would have been more representative than exp the black strike of the western CW. One of CW's first black regiments was erected in Kansas (by Sen. killer Jim Lane and before the famous 54th edition of fame), and black troops in such battles as Baxter Springs, KS, role. <br /> <br /> There are no wrong historical errors. Good, realistic action that is rare and not graceful. Good direction. This movie may not be the greatest success of the last civil war, but it is the cleanest job of any one.
