The war between states was probably the darkest hour in America's history; a war that pushed the brother against his family and brother against the family and left scars that until now have not healed and will probably never do it. And as in any story of any war, beyond any historical significance, the personal discord behind the larger conflict creates the emotional impulse that implies it. It is the human element that confers the necessary context to give him a perspective what the director Ang Lee offers in "Ride With the Devil", a drama of civil war focusing on personal gossip in the wider description of the war, along the way, includes an examination of one of the bloody chapters of the war, the infamous raid on Lawrence, Kansas, Quantrill and his fighters, which he manages to present fairly confidently. <br /> <br /> In 1863, the influence of the Union prevailed in the state of Kansas, and even across the border of Missouri, confederate loyalists find it increasingly difficult to oppose the northerners who break, especially without help from what could be considered any "regular troops" of the Confederation. And when things really start to warm up around their own town, Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) form their own band and join the band, damaging the cause of the Union whenever possible. Jack Bull and Jake do not like the War and do not like the killing; but they are standing for what they think they are right about. But there are others, even among their own people, like young Pitt Mackeson (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers) who will use the conflict as a vehicle for personal gain and as an excuse to express its own violent nature through unnecessary brutality, committed in many cases against innocent victims. Thus, for Jack Bull and Jake, as well as for many of them, it becomes a time when the loyal and moral judgments will be tested with strength; a time when their souls will be tempered in their blood. And they will have to walk even with the Devil, with seemingly insurmountable odds. As in all his films, director Ang Lee approaches his story through an incisive but subtle review of the traditions, cultural aspects and moral attitudes of the people, and the times he describes. And by doing so, Lee gives his audience at least an understanding of his subject, which goes beyond the real story, and ultimately provides a deeper understanding of the motivations that propel his characters and the drama they are involved in. Whether traditions and customs represent the relationship between father and his daughters, the effects of "Sense and Sensibility", the honor and the code by which a warrior lives and dies ("The Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon") or the moral ambiguities sustained by the lack of all of the above ("The Ice Storm"), Lee infuses his films with perspectives on the human condition that leads them to a higher level. This film is no exception; and (as he does with all of his films), Lee portrays his story with the help of amazing cinema (in this film by Frederick Elmes, who also made the "Storm of Ice" brilliant), who, under his guidance, is less than visual poetry. It's that special touch of Lee and adds a thoughtful feeling to any story he's telling, which is one of the things that make movies so memorable. While Jake, Tobey Maguire initially brings the sense of youth innocence to the film that contrasts so effectively with the maturity that he later conveys as the story develops, and his character with him. Most importantly, Maguire responds convincingly and credibly to the events that unfold around him, which adds to the credibility of the general film and underlines the realism of the presentation: his stoic acceptance of death and the news of the "killed" and battles; the moral character encountered by those he encounters, even in such troubled times; treason, which, due to the nature of the conflict, is almost commonplace; and the loyalty and beliefs that he and his companions have sheltered. All this is done by Maguire through its performance, and is not a small achievement. It is, however, a kind of underrated, well-studied performance, often taken into account, which is unfortunate; such things deserve to be recognized and recognized. Skeet Ulrich is also effective as Jack Bull and Jewel (in his debut in the movie) turn into an enthusiastic performance like Sue Lee Shelley. It is however Jeffrey Wright, who plays an important role in the role of Daniel Holt, as well as Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, which brings a similar threat to Christopher Walken as Pitt. Also, as to the role of a cameo (a scene), Mark Ruffalo leaves an indelible impression with a very short display time of the screen. The supporting gallery includes James Caviezel (Black John), Simon Baker (George Clyde, Tom Guiry (Riley), Tom Wilkinson (Orton Brown), John Ales (Quantrill), John Judd (Otto Roedel) and Kathleen Warfel (Mrs Chiles). Civil war will forever be an open wound on the nation, but we hope that as time goes on, it will be through the objective contemplation of film producers like Ang Lee and movies like "Ride With The Devil" that will help eventually closing the schism and promoting healing.In the light of more recent events, it is something that is extremely necessary at a global level.Film is a powerful medium, it can be both educational and fun and probably in the future , many filmmakers such as Ang Lee will embrace and promote a sense of unity through the delicate representation of the events and attitudes that make us what we are 8/10. <br /> <br /> < > <br /> <br /> <br />
