Taiwanese director Ang Lee, whose earlier films include "sense and sensitivity" and "ice storm", headed for the American Civil War for his latest play. Based on a novel by Daniel Woodrell, it's about the exploits of a Southern Guerrilla group, known as bushwhackers, as they struggle with their northern equivalents, the jayhawkers in Missouri. there is a multitude of visceral actions, but the emphasis is on the tension the war has on the youngsters who fought - many of them fighting against the old neighbors and even the family. Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) is such a man or rather a boy because he is only seventeen when the war reaches Missouri. He is the son of a German immigrant, but instead of following his co-nationals and becoming a unionist, he joins Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and walks with bushwhackers. Despite the lack of acceptance by the ancestors and the refusal to participate in the killing of unarmed people of the Union, he remains loyal to the cause. So did his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave released by another bushwhacker and fighting for the south. Lee deals with the subject with aplomb, without hurrying the profound introspection that the plot advocates for action, and this gives the film a sense of the reality of the war - long periods of boredom and wait interrupted on occasions of intense terrifying flashes. The action is unglamorous and admirable sincerely, recognizing that both sides have committed a large number of atrocities. The performances are superb, both Maguire and Wright so brave and worthy. Up-and-coming Irish actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers is particularly cold as a cold blood killer, while Skeet Ulrich is pleased and arrogant. Lee never wanders about the reality of the war, but his actors do an admirable job of showing the good that comes from it - increasing friendship, demonstrating courage and, on a wider scale, emancipating oppressed peoples. Ride With the Devil is a beautiful and deeply compassionate film that shocks regularly but always moves the audience.
