<br /> <br /> Waiting for the new Ang Lee movie, "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon," I saw this at the blockbuster and I imagined I would try. A civil war movie is not the typical movie I'm watching. Fortunately, I had a good feeling about this director. This movie was greatly written. The dialogue is in the old southern style, but it does not sound far and away. Spectacular action has contributed to the film's look. Toby Maguire was great. I thought it was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but it shines here. I have always thought of Skeet Ulrich as a good actor (but nothing special), but here he is also excellent. The great shocker to me was Jewel. It was amazingly good. Jeffrey Wright, whom I have never heard, is also excellent in this film. It seems to me that great action and great writing and direction go hand in hand. A movie with a bad writing makes the actors look bad and get along with visas. This movie had the perfect combination. The actors look brilliant, and the character's development is spectacular. This movie keeps your desire and hope for good things for bad and bad things for others. It allows you to really know the characters, all dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex and keeps you on the edge of the chair, guessing and getting ready for anything at all times. Oftentimes, I was sure that someone would be killed silently in the "too quiet" movie (brilliant direction). It was also a beautiful shot movie. The landscape was not breathing (It's in Missouri and Kansas for the sakez good), but it was clear that the attention was put in choosing some great nature settings. It has a rough and robust feeling, but it keeps elegance, which is very pleasant to the eyes. The film was profound. He told a story and made you think. He had layers under this civil war story. More specifically, he focused on two characters who were not quite sure of what they were fighting for. There have been many profound issues dealt with in this film, too many to choose. It was like a short written story, full of symbolism and an artistic excerpt that lets you think during and after the story is over. If you love a great action, a writing, a lot of action and some of the best directories ever, see this movie! Take a chance.
