Easily 9 out of 10 for a director film we will continue to grow to admire. But do not watch this movie waiting to be "entertained." Ang Lee takes an objective look at a relatively unexplored aspect of the Civil War. What is beautiful about the movie, like Lee's films, is that he does not "fit" with his characters. He creates characters, embody them with life, problems and ambiguity ... and gives them a reality that often strikes much closer to home than many feel comfortable with. This movie has action, but it is not for the lover of action, because violence is deeply disturbing and far from being free ... that is, as the characters, it is real. And as you would expect one of the most horrible wars of mankind, violence is horrible. But as an exploration of the greater human ambiguity that certainly lived in civil war, it is a masterpiece. Was the war on slavery and abolitionism? Lee seems quite willing to fade the line made so popular in representations like blue and gray. It is not about idealism, as seen in Gone with the Wind. It's about freedom, the desire to have something that is yours and to fight for it. As you watch the characters, you will ask "how can they fight to keep slavery?" The truth is that I do not think they are really, and that the film shows why so many were caught in civil war. It seems clear that many of the characters we learn are struggling from the sense of loyalty to "home," although they could never examine what the house represents or truly assume the values. Scenarios of the letter are very moving and yet subtle. Jake and Daniel are other examples of loyalty stretched to the limits. And when tension finally ends and these characters are suddenly "free" ... we see the birth of new people. Everything interferes with the beautiful incorporation of Lee's average humor with stunning visions and cadres. Lee has a style that is somewhat European in "art" (a slow, unbounded room) in Asia in the epicenter and story development, yet to some extent familiar and easily accessible to so many Americans in America. /> <br /> Relax, give up your preconceptions about what the Civil War is, what is "the West" as a genre, what should be a war movie ... and let Ang Lee get you make it in such a fragile world, so hard, so few of us can see it comfortably. In this, Lee continues what he did in the Ice Storm. Again, the film is slow and without an apparent "direction" ... a sure sign of Lee's ability to drive without "imposing" on the story or on the screen. His direction is amplified by what makes the jewel (yes, the singer), an unprecedented actress so far, which puts it into amazing performance. A film for those who love the film and are not fond of the Hollywood standard episodes.
