I watched this movie twice now on DVD, and twice impressed me with the unique impartial attitude. It looks more like a description of reality than most Hollywood rates, especially on a subject that is still under discussion. Even though it is closely linked to the southern point of view, it does not allow itself to wonder, and finally, the only sentence that has passed is that the war is lost, it does not matter what cruelty is a common denominator. What really makes this remarkable movie is the refusal to dramatize too much. Nowadays, the really good films (short) are few and far removed, the main fare is pleasing (if you do not have high expectations) but very full of commercial spirit. I think the film is like a really good film (without being a masterpiece) because it lacks self-worth and gives the viewer a chance to pursue it and analyze it instead of wanting to bomb it with effect and excitement to clear the intelligence. This movie is cold, observer and generally easy to handle, which is GOOD. The story has flaws, especially Jewel's character is doubtful, but again the situation was so chaotic again, that for a young widow it might have been possible that it was only logical to return to a normal life, even if you freely take each of you. She still does not seem to be weak, in fact I think she is one of the most powerful characters, she always has control over relationships, with men who only label. And I'm very grateful that she is not a wandering widow. I think in the nineteenth century the death of a boyfriend was something much more normal than now. You could die so easily from illness and even minor injuries, so that the prospect of a person who dies, while certainly causing pain, has not traumatized people like now. People did not seem to build shrines about the lost, as they do now, and I like that attitude. My recommendation is that intelligent people watch this movie if they like something different from the usual Hollywood rate. Do not watch if you want non-stop actions or heart-charring emotions.
