One of the least praised of the recent actions of the Asian period, Gojoe is, at first, a slow and often curious offer, but generally quite terrible, interesting, stratified and beautiful. I am sad to say that I do not know anything about the Buddhist philosophy or about the Japanese history and legend that surrounds this film so that my deep sense of meaning is lost, but even without contextual knowledge it is still rich in strength, taking on a fantastic traditional structure in - a higher impact plan. The story is about Benkei, a warrior monk and probably a demon who seeks enlightenment by destroying the demon of the Gojoe Bridge: Prince Shanao, himself a search for his own superior plane, but this time the power of the demons. Thus, the film becomes a matter of illusion, and in the case of Benkei, an indecision, a conflict in which the real purpose is self-knowledge, Benkei to be accomplished with his true nature, and Prince Shanao to confront the nature of what he is trying to become. Benkei is even more constrained by the fact that his dark nature fundamentally contradicts the world, even when he is not in open conflict, is never at ease. Director Sogo Ishii deals with this as an epic, with the rhythm measured, while working with the camera is always elegant and often frantic, without neglecting the need for more sedative moments to allow the site to sink, there is also a great use of illumination and crazy to give the atmosphere an atmospheric atmosphere, is a fancy air for much of the film, but apart from supernatural moments, it's a fantasy down and dirty with a longer period than flight drops. Makoto Watanbe's cinema is important here, alive and detailed, a rich evocative business. At the same time, Daisuke Ryu is worthy and powerful, with a mysterious mystery like Benkei, while Tadanobu Asano has a cold arrogance like the prince Shanao. From the leadership, Masatoshi Nagase pulls things up like an ordinary, intelligent and cynical man, but still does not know exactly what the stakes are. The movie fits well, it's still a faint touch sometimes, it starts slowly, some photos are a little drawn, and epic battle scenes sometimes take longer than is strictly necessary. In terms of fights, it is filmed rather frenetic than real moves, it has an artistic effect, but it can disappoint ordinary action fans, often hidden by objects, intermittent lashes, and individuals moving fast, spinning with moral force through their opponents are the order of the day, it is vigorous to look, but eventually I could have done a little more traditionalism. There are also unpleasant bloodshed, but to a certain extent they work in context but still distract attention. Generally speaking, though it seemed to me to be a rather big film, it is not one for ordinary action fans or sword enthusiasts looking for another Azumi, rather a deeper and more mysterious beast, especially the ending of it will go down well with fans of the more generous wing of this fare. But as far as I am concerned, it really hit the place, and for the more inclined in an adventurous way it could do that. Well, recommended in any case.
