This movie rate as one of my favorite top 10 movies. Many people who see it for the first time and know a little about many of the themes in the film probably will not understand why I find it so enthusiastic, so I will try to explain ... The film is very rich in historical details and cultural knowledge and although it has some minor anachronisms, they are completely forgiven. The story is a story of the famous duel between Benkei Monk and the young prince Yoshitsune on the Gojo Bridge. During the legendary struggle, Yoshitsune sees Benkei and the monk becomes loyal to the prince. This film is a review of that story and involves war, dark prophecy and political maneuvers. One of the main themes of the film is Mappo, which is Buddha's prophecy that after 1000 years his teachings would fail and the world would fall into chaos. It was believed in Heian Japan after the Fuji eruption and the civil war between Taira (Heike) and Minamoto (Genji) that the world would fall into anarchy and everything would collapse. It's a time of demons. Next, you have the way the film solves the problem of Yoshitsune's sword training by Karuma Tenku (Raven Goblins). The defeated fans often escaped into the mountains and disguised themselves as demons to frighten the locals. This is said to be the case when the ninja clans have historically started. Yoshitsune's display in Gojo hosts all this nicely. Then there are the Benkei, and the various Buddhist strains described, including a lot of Shingon's esoteric Buddhism. These are all described quite accurately and, to add a little more, the film succeeds in conveying the power of meditation and Ki's energy in a way that makes it fully into the story, that is, using magical realism to add an extra film size, but it does so to make it tactical and threatening. Everything is full of fascinating and surprisingly real life rings. The landscape and costumes are also completely unacceptable and very authentic. The soundtrack is great, very frightening and threatening. I also thought the current performance was surprisingly good. Benkei is a wonderful anti-hero, Shanao (Yoshitsune) is described as a young man who tests his limits and becomes more and more boy of his own power, and Tetsukichi with a trap sword makes and presents an interesting picture of the "ordinary man" his opinion less than flattering about the killers who are concerned with his best players. As for the plot, to see why it is so good, I suggest you spit out an old book about Japanese history and see how this story turns Robin Hood into a tricky story of intrigue, violence and infernal karma.
