Ogre does not seem to have gained a very good reputation since its release in 1988, and I think one reason for this might be that he was given the subtitle "Demons 3" to help him sell better. The film is directed by Lamberto Bava; the man behind the first two films of demons, nuns and demons are somewhat similar (in that they are also "monsters") ... but other than this film has no connection with the other two films. It is, however, pretty good! Italian producers are famous for destroying popular movies and, although not completely obvious; it seems to me that he took a little influence from Hellraiser. Comedy focuses on a horror writer who moves her husband and son to a castle in Italy. She is haunted by memories since she was a child and found an Ogre who lives in her basement. It is not long before he moved to the castle before these visions return ... and it could be more than a coincidence as he comes to believe there is a killer who lives in the basement. shot at a budget and was made for Italian television, so it would be unrealistic to expect something brilliant; but for what it is, it is certainly a very decent horror movie. Lamberto Bava can not have that eye just like his father Mario did; but it takes time to build a precious atmosphere that really compliments the movie. The central setting, a large castle, makes the perfect place for such a story to take place and Lamberto does all the best; even if it sometimes involves the breaking of higher movies; such as the Inferno style basin scene. The plot itself is not as good as the atmosphere, because several scenes are taken too long and the relationship between the characters is rather strange (especially between husband and wife). It's not a very high bloodshed, but Bava has something to do with the special effects. Ogre itself looks very bad and it's a good thing we can not see it very often. We're boiling to the end, if it is highly predictable, it ends and, overall, I have to say that this movie is much better than expected and recommended.
