Okay, before reviewing, I have to ask: Why is not it listed individually? It may have been just a TV article in Italy, but for international fans Lamberto Bava this is his own film. In America, this movie is distributed on VHS and DVD as "The Ogre" or "Demons 3". Yeah, I know he has nothing to do with the "Demons" besides a crew member and crew. But yes, personally I was upset that this was so hard to find on this site, which is otherwise so useful. <br /> <br /> Finally, let's review "The Ogre". I've seen the trailer for this on YouTube many times, and I honestly found it pretty scary. The film itself (is a length of length, making it a movie) has many strong parts and manages to scare. I was dissatisfied with the last act, but I generally do not regret buying the DVD before I see it (available from the Shriek Show). I think the film's TV origins explain the last act. I will not give any spoilers. The land is somewhat familiar: a horror American writer who rests in an old ancient castle with husband and son just to find that it resembles exactly the setting of childhood nightmares. There are weak echoes of "The Shining," but this is another supernatural horror name. The woman (Virginia Bryant) finds more and more evidence that this is the place of her nightmares, but her husband will not believe it. A great atmosphere and terror. <br /> <br /> The multiple nightmare sequences were quite strange. The effect of the Ogre cocoon was good, reminded me of a little resurrection of Uncle Frank from the first "Hellraiser". There are also some good shocks and a well-done underwater scene. I promise that the film never bent to imitate American films with similar concepts, namely "A Nightmare on Elm Street." "Ogre" is an original. And the monster itself was a frightening one when it was presented correctly. On DVD Shriek Show there is an interview Lamberto Bava in which he is careful to mention that this is not part of his classic "Demons". He also offers a lot of credit for the real castle in which the film was filmed. Indeed, this framework greatly contributes to the film. Simon Boswell's music also helps. There are many good things here. "Ogre" is not perfect, but it's worth seeing. Take it is a smaller achievement Lamberto Bava.
