For anyone who has not seen this movie yet, I have a friendly warning: do not look at La Casa dell'Orco waiting for demons, because you will not find them here. This film is not a third installment for the "Demons" series and has nothing to do with it except that Lamberto Bava guided them. In fact, Michele Soavi's "Church" is also known as an "Unexpected Demon 3" and is also a deceptive title in this case, so run away. It is obvious that, thanks to the success of "Demons"; tried to deceive the audience with misleading titles, even if it is obvious that this is a disconnected story. Having said that, I think it is unfair on the other hand to say that "La Casa dell'Orco" is not worth looking at. Frankly, the film is quite atmospheric, and even if there are some unintentional hilarious situations, I thought it was really creepy overall. However, I think it is fair to say that the story is trying in a way to imitate Lucio Fulci's house "The Cemetery". Of course, that's just a speculation I have, but I think I have my valid evidence. For example, in both films, Paolo Marco is the family man, in both films there is an irritating son called Bobby, in both films, the woman in the house is a beautiful third that seems to be the only one to see that there is something really wrong in the new house, and in both movies, there is something really, really wrong going in the basement. I'm sorry, but I can see both movies very easily and do not say that as a charge. On the contrary, my idea is that those who enjoy the "Cemetery House" will probably enjoy this film, given that of course "La Casa dell'Orco" is much less pretentious, less frightening, not at kind of atmospheric, but the formula is still there. In La Casa dell'Orco, Charel, her husband Tom and their little son, Bobby, go on a holiday trip in an old deserted castle, located in the heart of an Italian villa called the Triphi. Aside from the beauty of the place, shortly after arriving, Charel begins to feel that he was there, which is impossible, since he has never been to the Triphi. Unfortunately, Charel can not go over déjà vu, and the worst is that her visions come with the image of a terrible creature that follows her. Tom, who is not a very patient guy to start, advises them to leave aside the meaningless hallucinations and enjoy the holiday. However, women's visions are becoming more and more real, and the peace and quiet that they should have to rejoice suddenly turn into a living nightmare. The old nightmare of Charel's childhood becomes real, and this time he can not escape without confronting the first menacing stroller. As expected, the plot turns out to be a bit simplistic, and as a result, it's hard to fill an hour and a half. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than a few sequences with nothing more than the total silence and the image of the main character, walking around the castle for several minutes, reviving the images of her childhood and nothing else. It's pretty tiring from time to time, but in general, there's nothing serious about it. Like many Italian horror films that came out at the end of the 1980s, this film is quite elegant and effective, but it also offers a variety of unintentional moments of amusement that make the movie unforgettable. For example, the part where Charel is brutally squeezed by her husband and instead of crying in her bedroom crying as if she had waited, she hits her back against her by striking her with her face and running to the forest like a maniac . The funniest thing is, however, that two minutes later, I am again a happy couple, as if they were perforated to each other, being the most natural thing in the world. I know it's stupid, but I found it absolutely hilarious. Ogre (who is obviously the villain of the story) looks both creepy and funny at the same time, and to face him: a bastard who can shake us and make us laugh a little, is twice as welcome. He remembered Michael Jackson in the "Thriller," but more natural and humane, of course. But if I focus on the really good things I mentioned before: Simon Boswell's music is one of the top points and even if it's almost the same, it fits perfectly and helps create a fairly dark atmosphere during moments of tension. So if I have to give my final statement on this film, I have to say I can not love it, including the small flaws and most people who enjoy these typical Italian horror films of the late eighties , have won Do not be disappointed with it. It has all the typical and always well received cliches, such as the crazy old man who speaks the truth, the local fox woman who is said to be a witch, a creepy castle, a giant and dark basement with a terrible secret, and the local people trying to hinder the tourist's hostility, stay away from the infamous lands. I would say that "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two fingers and a fist at your husband's face, as a way to pay tribute to the story heroine. Take this movie for what it is and enjoy it.
