For such films, such as Anchors Aweigh, few have been awarded with so many Oscar awards at a warm time for a happy hour. Whether the 1945s were a year of a large-scale film, or whether they had a shock anticipated by Billy Wilder's "The Lost Weekend," they wrote everything that began with A on the ballot for the best picture to enjoy the faithful audience of the musical image. Since Gene Kelly was nominated for this performance instead of his role in 'Singin' in the Rain ', then there had to be something wrong with the rigging systems behind the MGM scene. Of course, the studio is the best in this great tournament, much appreciated from the great studios and from Hollywood itself, at hand for those who are left on the other side of the world. However, a musical maritime costume with Gene's glamorous talents and Frank Sinatra are certainly a delightful joke, despite the fact that more people have to get married to musical previews so that today's audiences would not be slapped with unnecessary execution time. There have been several songs before and since, but in this case all the charming scenes of Kathryn Grayson could have been eliminated. Until watching Kiss Me Kate, it may have been necessary for a non-opera enthusiast to watch any of his remote-controlled movies. <br /> <br /> If you were to practice the 1949 women on "The Town," then probably the sailor does not let lucky sailors have to promise an audition with Jose Iturbi and hit the piano for the whole heart "Susie" of teaching. Few are lucky to get a screen test at the MGM gold studios. Then, few are even more fortunate to be present. There is no regrets about Susan Abbot's successful screening tests or Kathryn Grayson, but the continued hope of enthusiastic non-opera for pink sliding is to be given to both. <br /> <br /> But for all, the talent of the star is a good form and a score above the average thrown with a marvelous, but fun marina, intertwined with ambitious young boys, marched to late war morale fairs, Anchors' at least he does not question the choice of a wrong MGM film, the direction rises while the distribution deals with the story in a beautiful colorful cinema, whenever someone bursts into music or song, the film makes for a joyful occasion. of the movie is Gene Kelly's cartoon adventures in a fantasyland, culminating in a brilliant dance with Jerry the mouse. This is a well-deserved masterpiece of Kelly's career and it's nice to know that she thought about it before Fred Astaire starts dancing on walls and ceilings. It's not exactly up to a triple flavor, sprinkled rainbow, chocolate eggs, cream and cherries and bananas divided by sundae, but it is a solid square piece of sugar that somehow melts in the mouth and despite the guilt, it is still a pleasant feeling. Rating: 7/10
