"Anchors Aweigh" is the product of the classic MGM music production unit, and the whole movie is pleasing to everyone? good music by Jule Styne and others, excellent dance by Gene Kelly (and even an acceptable workplace by Frank Sinatra), and a good-paced funny script. The only major element I would criticize is casting Kathryn Grayson, whose presence in a movie always means that the audience will be subjected to an endless pseudo-operative wrestling from Miss Miss. Kelly plays a naval servant named Joseph Brady, a man with a mythical reputation around the ship as a loved one, but whose Valentino charm is constantly subject to the presence of his less cocked friend with the impressive name of his North America Clarence (Sinatra). After receiving three days of Clarence's life, Joe hesitates to help Clarence find a girl based on the dubious premise that she owes something to save her life. These are being developed by a policeman (Rags Ragland) who needs them to help an early boy (Dean Stockwell) who wants to join the Navy to return home to "Aunt Susan" (Grayson). At first, Clarence is interested in asking for "Aunt Susan," but eventually Kelly's character appears to be the most likely candidate. There are some exceptional musical scenes, but nothing comes close to Kelly's more famous films such as "Singin 'in Rain" and "American in Paris". The closest is a gimmick sequence with Kelly's character in a fantasy sequence that dances with Jerry, the mouse from "Tom and Jerry" (though it seems to be closer to the dog or cat than the mouse). It's a surprising sequence for its time, but it does not have enough complexity or emotion to really endure the time test. I really liked the parts of the sequence that took place before the animation, where Kelly used seamless movements to emphasize the transition into the fantastic world and where we see him dancing on a tunnel that looks like something from "Alice in Wonderland." Finally, the characters find their way to Susan's favorite bar, a somewhat disinfected Mexican restaurant / bar in Tijuana. There, the patrons encourage Mrs. Grayson to quit her abandoned areas, and management is very excited about the opportunity Clarence and Joe have prolonged to sing with their "boyfriend," Jose Iturbi with a humorous touch). Of course they never met the "friend" Iturbi and spent much of the movie trying to get it (in a funny scene, Sinatra's character meets Iturbi but mistakes him as a piano tuner and urges him to abandon tuning pianos and try professional careers) that sneak into the studio and Bowl in Hollywood, where Iturbi repeats a surrealistic symphony of dozens of young piano players? you did not see that except "1000 fingers of Doctor T". Is Iturbi himself a kind of divine figure in the story? it represents the opportunity for salvation from the strangeness of unrealized labor and the possibility of fame and artistic realization of the heroine. Everyone is 100% sure that as soon as Mr. Iturbi will hear Mrs Grayson so much, his operatic career will be a reality. Are the three primary characters desperate to reach him and think of him as some sort of distant and distant mythological figure? a lot of charm and humor of the film comes from the contrast of this perception with the "realistic" manners of the very low master. And speaking of Iturbi's contributions to the film, he offers a very stimulating musical moment, with his orchestral interpretation of "Donkey Serenade". When everything is said and done, it is a movie that no one enjoys musicians will want to miss. Most of the music was written for this film, a beautiful contrast with the recycled soundtrack for other Kelly opposed to "Rain" and "American". Kelly is still at his early, adventurous and strange tip in both his dances and the character's interpretation. Sinatra's voice was never better and rarely had better songs to sing. Stockwell is a charming addition to the clan, and Grayson's character is charming when he does not sit on stage. Iturbi adds a well-grounded but sophisticated tone that fits perfectly with the atmosphere and style of classical MGM music. This is one of the best.
