Although, in my opinion, this is one of the smaller musicals of stars Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and director George Sidney, a smaller music that presents anyone in this line, there is nothing to sneeze, and in the same time, makes Anchors Aweigh a pretty good film, despite its flaws. Sinatra and Kelly are Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady respectively two Navy men. As the movie begins, they only enter the Los Angeles area for a very necessary departure. Brady plans to visit a girl named Lola. Doolittle is still a bit damp behind the ears properly, and seeks advice about Brady's women in particular (publicly, screenwriter Isobel Lennart and Sidney have all the Marine men who comfortably fulfill the finality of women's finality between They). Brady promises to help Doolittle catch up, but first of all because Doolittle will not leave him alone. A plan is set in their plans when the local police forces them, in principle, to assist with a boy who is obsessed with the navy. He will not tell the police about who he is or where he lives. Brady helps him and Doolittle get the boy back home. When the boy's guard, Susan Abbott (Grayson) finally appears, Doolittle goes gaga for her. Brady tries to persuade him to forget her; Brady just wants to go back to Lola. But they continue to spin back into Abbott's house and finally form a kind of love triangle. Things are getting more complicated when Brady is around Doolittle, knowing a famous musician, Jose Iturbi, who lives in a movie studio and claims that Doolittle has held an audition for Abbott, a singer and actress, in front of Iturbi . <br /> <br /> Because of the story, music is a strange combination of militaristic music - because of the Navy premises, obviously Broadway pop - what the stars tend to play in more informal cadres, opera - which characterizes his character Abbott's classic popularity Liberace - which made Iturbe and Mexican music - because Abbott attends a Mexican restaurant in a Mexican section of the combination does not work as well. A lot of songs are good and all involved are certainly talented as singers or musicians, but knees tend to lose consistency. Worse, there is a pair of showcases for Iturbe, who was apparently a big star at the time, which effectively brought the plot which seemed more than a little hokey at this time. I just watched another movie that happened to have a remarkable music, Kansas City (1996) Robert Altman, but who wrongly rejected the plot to become a regular concert film. Aweigh anchors take a similar tactic. Yes, this is a musical, but there is a difference between the songs that propel and are an integral part of park scenes and concerts that seem to be contractually binding materials. There are also some plot issues. It is not well established why Brady is so much against Abbott's Doolittle exercising. We guess that Brady believed Doolittle should not get involved with someone who must care for a child who seems relatively "fair" and traditional, but on the other hand, Brady can say that Doolittle is not the same woman who recognizes Brady. Abbott seems to be a suitable match for Doolittle, and in addition, Lennart is working hard to find that Brady just wants to get Doolittle out of his hair and go first to meet Lola - it seems that Brady's character you have to put Doolittle on any candidate, whether it suits or not. This may seem like a minor detail, but it actually hinges for about a third to half of the plot. The story also seems a bit drawn. Length is a problem. The Aweigh anchors, with a duration of about two hours and twenty minutes, should have been reduced by at least half an hour. The above sounds certainly not complain too much about the film to justify the 8. I just wanted to point out what they see as flaws because conventional wisdom on Anchors Aweigh is much closer to the idea that has no flaws. Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are certainly charismatic, separate and together. It turns into good, exciting performance. Does Sinatra look and act much younger than his age of 29? 30 while shooting. He plays a character unusually naïve, virginal - completely different from most roles they would get later and different from his public image as a crooner. For Kelly, this was his discovery movie, and rightly so. His choreography is varied and impressive, just like his actor. Grayson is charming, her performance is sophisticated undervalued, and she's just gorgeous. All this helps to overwrite the faults with the scenario and the pacing path. And there's even a very interesting element that probably only appears because Sidney was allowed to expand on a wide variety of dispositions - infamous Kelly dances with Jerry the Mouse (fame "Tom and Jerry") in a sequence fantastic expanded. This is one of the first examples of the combination of action and live animation and is extremely well done and enjoyable as long as you are a fan of fantasy. Fantasy sequences tend to be the best of the movie. Achieving the excellence of the dance with Jerry the Mouse is a long song and dance with Kelly and Grayson, where Brady imagines Abbott in a scene of a period film as he sheds it, having to resort to acrobatic stunts for to reach her physically she sits on a tall balcony. <br /> <br /> As uneven and flawed as the movie, it is largely successful and fun to look. Classic music fans certainly should not miss Anchors Aweigh, nor should Sinatra fans, who will get quite a shot of his character.
