This movie (like AYAIR'S ROYAL WEDDING - which was shown on Turner Classic Network last night) is renowned for a single musical sequence that has won a seat in Gene Kelly's record: Like Fred Astaire dancing with a garment , the walls and the ceiling of the room, this movie had Gene Kelly dancing in a cartoon sequence with Jerry Mouse. The sequence is well done. What is forgotten is that Kelly tells the story behind the cartoon sequence for Dean Stockwell and his college student college students during a break in the day, and sets the stage for the sequence to have Stockwell and the others shut his eyes and imagines a pastoral background. Kelly even changes the blues of the navy he wears in a white "Pomerania" uniform with blue stripes on her. Jerry Mouse does more than dance with Gene. He actually speaks - a premium he has not repeated for decades. He also finally puts Tom Cat in his place - Tom appears briefly as King Jerry's butler, trying to cheer him with a cheese plate <br /> <br /> But the sequence of drawings animated with Kelly lasted about seven minutes. the movie. More of this film is tackled with Kelly's story about Hollywood's four-day marriage and Kelly's encounter with Katherine Grayson and Frank Sinatra, watching Jose Iturbi at the MGM movie studio at the Hollywood Bowl and at The Iturbi's own home. Except that the two sailors do not mean any harm this movie could have been quite disturbing. Kelly saved Sinatra's life in the Pacific and won a medal as a result. They are both among the crew members in California who receive a four-day leave. But the screenwriters (to propel what would be a short film - Kelly is going to spend four days having sex with a "Lola," an unseen Hollywood girl), and Gene and Frank. Frank seems to be one of those idiots who appear in the movie after the filmmakers (especially comedies) that are socially underdeveloped and need "training" about dating girls ( or guys if the characters are female). Frank insists that Gene helps them "teach him" how to make a girl. Then a policeman leads them to help policemen with a boy (Stockwell) who insists on joining the navy (and will not give them the real name and address of the police). When a Kelly protest is able to get this information from Stockwell, asking them straight questions (which police can not ask), they insist that Kelly takes a boy's home to his aunt (Grayson). However, he protests, Kelly is overcome by increasingly complicated problems (especially because of Sinatra's simplistic view of the soul). She misses seeing Lola the next day, sleeping late - Sinatra felt he looked so quiet to sleep that he had not awakened him. He continues to be dragged back to Grayson's house, as Sinatra feels is the right woman for himself, but Kelly needs to train him in love. I suppose that my presentation can compromise fans ANCHORS AWEIGH, but I find such an irritating story. While singing and dancing and music concert by Kelly, Sinatra, Grayson and Iturbi are the first rate, it is annoying to have to take the idioms of someone like Sinatra's character seriously. In the real world Kelly would have beaten him at first for the next one at the beginning of unpaid leave for four days - which has the right to insist (like Sinatra) that someone who saves his life should help him learn how from today? This type of shit always ruins the total affections of a musical for me - unless the musical numbers are so great that they make me forget this kind of nonsense. Iturbi's pursuit is just as annoying. Kelly tries to make Grayson like Sinatra when she says that Sinatra can meet Jose Iturbi to hear her singing ability. For much of the rest of the film, Sinatra and Kelly are trying to do this and keep on (at one point - for no good reason - Grayson ruins Kelly's attempt to get an interview with MGM with Iturbi). Only luck (the fact that Iturbi is sorry for an embarrassed Grayson) gives her an audition for her talent. <br /> <br /> Kelly, by the way, ends with Grayson. Sinatra's consciousness of being unable to help her see Iturbi makes them ashamed of bothering her (but does not shoot Kelly in her oddity), and in the meantime she meets in a waitress (Pamela Britton) of at Brooklyn. And, of course, without the help of Kelly, Sinatra and Britton fall in love. Ah, "consistency"! Your name is not necessarily "scriptwriter"!
