The United States is still struggling with the Second World War (the film was launched between Day VE and VJ Day). Any studio that deserves to be either doing battle films where the unarmed American soldiers beat the enemy, or the Americans were singing and dancing in general. Technicolor Musicals was what America thrived in depressing days when everything was rationalized. Most of the music of the day was simply a bunch of musical numbers tied together with the best available sliding plot to fill the time to the next musical number! I have the impression that people reviewing this film were born after 1970. Depressing how quickly we forget. This movie could be called "Searching for Jose Iturbi," but now everyone wonders why. Let me explain. From 1929 - his arrival in America - until his death in 1980, Iturbi was one of the best pianists who had a concert scene. He agreed to make some movies in 1942, but Hollywood was after him for nearly a decade at that time. Not only an excellent pianist, but also a successful conductor, Iturbi has been a household word for over 40 years. <br /> <br /> The scene in which Iturbi and 17 other pianists play one of Liszt's Rhapsodies has been planned over time - and has never noticed that the other pianists were all children? Joe Pasternak, who produced that film and many other MGM musicals, has credited Iturbi with American youngsters interested in classical music. Grayson wants an audition with Iturbi in the movie was no different from real life at the time. Everybody wanted Iturbi. Joke between the soldiers was that "GI" means "Get Iturbi" (he did a lot of concerts at military bases). Gene Kelly was a great dancer, and Frank Sinatra was a great singer, but at the time this film was made, Sinatra was barely 30 and was only under contract with Columbia Records for four years. Kelly was already well known as a dancer, but Iturbi had a global feeling for over 20 years. As to the lack of a plot, the Americans did not need a plot. They were tired of war, were afraid of their loved ones and worried about the future. They needed happiness, hope and the certainty that things would do well in the end. They needed music and smiles, joy and love. This film and others like him only delivered what was needed. <br /> <br /> Enough reading. Mouse dancing aside, the best scene in the film takes place between Sinatra and Iturbi, each of them ignoring the compliments of each other's music. If you have any interest in Jose Iturbi, the Spaniard who has conquered more America from De Soto, Cortez and De Leon, take it together, please quit my website, www.joseiturbi.com, where you can find a summary of scenario, excerpts from the reviews of the film "of the day" and pictures of this and other MGM musicals from the 1940s, as well as a biography and discography of Iturbi. <br /> <br /> Trout
