Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two sailors who have a four-day holiday in Hollywood. Joe knows everything about girls and can not wait to see Lola, while Clarence is a man and needs some advice from his friend about how to meet girls. Then I run from a little boy, Donald Martin, who ran to join the ship. They took him home and met his beautiful aunt Susan, who wants to be a singer. Clarence wants Susie to be his daughter, but his shyness gets in the way. But he does not feel shy with a waitress coming from Brooklyn, as if he were. Sun Joe notes he's in love with Susie. Boys are in a repair when they find Susie in a meeting with a great time music producer I do not even know. Because they have met their feelings. George Sidney's Anchors Aweigh (1945) is a great musical comedy. Gene Kelly is in the top yet again in singing and dancing rutines. Frank Sinatra is wonderful as a shy guy from Brooklyn.Shy is not the first thing that comes to mind when you think of Frank Sinatra, but he plays his role well. Kathryn Grayson is fantastic like Susan Abbott. We have unfortunately lost this talented actress and singer of the soprano opera last month at the age of 88. Dean Stockwell, 9, is doing an amazing job as a little boyfriend who wants to become a sailor.Jose Iturbi does an excellent job performing himself. It's magical to do with the piano. Edgar Kennedy plays the head of the police station. Sara Berner is the voice of Jerry Mouse. There are many wonderful things in this movie and some singers and dancers fantastic numbers. Look at Kelly and Sinatra as "We hate to leave." She's so energetic. "Lullaby to Little Dean Stockwell It's great to listen to Grayson playing the band" Gelozia. "The most memorable sequence is the one that takes in the animated fantasy world and there Gene sings and dancing with Jerry Mouse.Also Tom Cat is seen there as a butler. They originally had Kick Mickey Mouse, but he refused. The film was nominated for five Oscars, but Georgie Stoll received one for Original Music Score, and Aweigh anchors are some high-class entertainment.
