In the movie "Citadel of the series" Movies of Gene Kelly, Anchors Aweigh is described as a foot of music. Of course I can not do better than that. It's such an important film in both careers of Gene Kelly and Frank Sinatra. Kathryn Grayson did not do that badly. Louis B. Mayer lent Gene Kelly to Colombia, where Harry Cohn had an inspiration to let Kelly correct his own numbers, and for this reason Cover Fata has become a classic. So if Mayer did not learn a lesson, producer Joe Pasternak did it and allowed Kelly the artistic control. When Anchors Aweigh was over, Fred Astaire eventually had a dancing rival for the movie monarch. The main issue everyone talks about with Gene Kelly here is the dance with Jerry Mouse. Initially, Kelly wanted to make the number with Mickey Mouse at Walt Disney, but Disney did not lend Mickey anybody. Mickey would have to wait until someone who embraced Roger Rabbit to make an outer film. Do not worry because MGM had its own animated rodent half of Tom's and Jerry's team. Kelly, as a dancer, always tried to do something new and different on the screen like Fred Astaire. In the next decades, the two were allowed all sorts of artistic control and praised for their work, even if the movies themselves were not up to the snuff. It was as if everyone else inspired the higher and better creativity, Kelly for MGM, Astaire for MGM and any number of other studios. In Anchors Aweigh, Kelly took Sinatra to dance a little. In fact, Frank Sinatra has always given credit to Gene Kelly for showing him how music should be done as he gave credit to both Burt Lancaster and Montgomery Clift for his help in winning Oscar for From Here this Eternity. > When Frank Sinatra had half of his contract bought from RKO by MGM, he insisted on a small artistic creation on his own. He became friends with the team of composers Jule Styne and Sammy Cahn. In his autobiography, Sammy Cahn tells how Sinatra insisted on writing his songs for this film. Louis B. Mayer joined and the team wrote some very good ballads for him to sing. One of my favorite Sinatra numbers comes from Anchors Aweigh, I fell in love too easily. Frank sang to accompany the piano to Hollywood Bowl. Sinatra is the best. With Jule Styne and later with Jimmy Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn has earned the rich title of putting more song lyrics in Frank Sinatra's mouth than any other person. They were lifelong friends and Cahn always believed Sinatra with this milestone boost in his career. On a bet, Styne and Cahn said they could only write a song using a chromatic scale. They proved it in Anchors Aweigh when Kathryn Grayson put her soprano to work at All Of a Heart Inspired. She also made some classic numbers. Here singing, in fact, is the basis of the plot. Two sailors on vacation through a combination of circumstances meet Kathryn Grayson and her orphan nephew, Dean Stockwell. Trying to fix it with Sinatra, Kelly says he can listen to him with Jose Iturbi. They spend the film trying to do just that. <br /> <br /> My only disappointment in Anchors Aweigh was that Pamela Britton, who plays the Brooklyn waitress, never received a number. She received rave reviews from her performance as Meg Brockie in Brigadoon on Broadway and that brought her to Hollywood. I have a suspicion that she had a number that was cut and somewhere in MGM's rooms could still be. Anchors Aweigh is an extraordinary example of why music is no longer made. All creative talent was under contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. If you had to pay a market value for it, the cost might be withdrawing from the debt of a third-country country. But the results of the film would be extraordinary.
