ANCHORS AWEIGH sees two young sailors, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), receive a special four-day holiday. Eager to reach girls, especially Lola's Joe, neither Joe nor Brooklyn asks about the interruption of Donald (Dean Stockwell) and Aunt Susie (Kathryn Grayson). Without experience in female ways and courting, Brooklyn invites Joe to help him win Aunt Susie. On the way, however, Joe is in the fall for the gal that he believes belongs to his best friend. How will Brooklyn do this betrayal? And Joe ends up with Susie, who also loves him? The first and second time I saw ANCHORS AWEIGH, and I saw him at the same time as I did in the Kelly / Sinatra collaboration since 1949. Both times I felt that ANCHORS AWEIGH was the best movie In terms of plot and structure - all the dances and songs match the moment in the plot and develop the characters and the story rather than hinder them. However, both times I came to feel that the city is the best overall movie. After seeing two movies for the third time, I still stand in front of this judgment. Somehow, on the seashore, as a movie and entertainment piece, it's just lighter, gayer, just * happier *. The numbers are more scandalous and less integral to the plot, but in a way it works better than all the dances and singing in ANCHORS AWEIGH. I'm not sure why this is. The typical argument is that the last movie is too long: it is definitely a valid critique at nearly two and a half hours. I certainly felt the length of the first two times I saw it! However, it is also a movie that grows on you - the more you see it, the faster you feel and the more you appreciate the mastering techniques involved in doing it. And yet, something is not so good. It feels almost like the script was nicknamed and * every * moment when Kelly could dance or Sinatra in the song was remarked, and that was exactly what happened. No opportunity to put a musical number has been dropped ... and that's probably the biggest weakness of the movie. It has 16 numbers (give or take a few) and, no matter how big a Kelly or Sinatra fan is, it really starts to turn into numbness after a while. (Contrast this, for example, with the ten numbers in the city). You may feel that every song, every dance, can not be removed from the film without leaving it to be missed ... and that's true. But that is also because the writers have no longer limited themselves to adding them first. This long preamble does not mean there's nothing good about ANCHORS AWEIGH. The music is full of big melodies that burst all over, like the duets between Kelly and Sinatra ("We Want to Leave," "I Asked It" and "If You Had Susie"), Sinatra's Song Makes Sound, your charm, "and the best of all," I fell in love too lightly ") and undoubtedly the ever-inventive, always stunning dance of Kelly, is also hard to miss with a cast of this caliber. is sweet and seems to improve every view (her voice becoming rather stunning than frightening) Jose Iturbi's role is sympathetic and does a good job with him, and Clarence's Brooklyn, Pamela Britton, is cute and charming. .. how close she could get to Betty Garrett without being Garrett! Sinatra is adorable with those blue eyes and his loops and plays it wonderfully to the innocent boy (a role he repeats in the city). is, as usual, simply meaningless, from announcement to synchronization and phrasing. His solo numbers may seem to pull a little, but when you get the voice of a century, showing that it's probably one reason that anyone else slow down the rest of the movie! Gene Kelly's pure genius in this movie is worthy of its own paragraph. Thirdly, in billing behind Sinatra and Grayson, ANCHORS AWEIGH is really Kelly's movie. Joe Brady is a credible and real character - he's tough on the outside, glib and he wants to lie when it's needed to win a gall, but he's actually the biggest softy inside. Kelly does this charming rather than claying, but also gives Joe a real edge you see on stage when Joe follows Brooklyn around the room with a real killer look on his face and on the breakfast tray in his hands its. And the dance * - again, the movie suffers from the "too much of a good thing spoils the effect" syndrome, as happens with Sinatra's singing. But once again, if Gene Kelly makes a softshoe, or if he touches the screen in a seaman's suit or dressed as a bandit boss ... he might be wandering over the fact that he's out of his reach! All of Kelly's dances are breathtaking, whether it's about the simplicity of Sinatra, I Am Begged Her, the Dance of the Mexican Hat with the sweet little girl with her eyes closed, or the dance influenced by the Spanish " At Buying ". Of course, the classic image left in the public mind forever would have been Kelly in his red, white and blue marine suit, dancing Jerry Mouse with the fame of Tom & Jerry. A remembrance of the well-deserved gold film, to be sure - it is often not to say that you are impressed by the special effects of a film made in 1945, given the saturation of CGI on the contemporary film market. But Gene and Jerry still look great, with Kelly always hitting his stains and looking exactly where it should look. It would prove that only the only people who could keep up with Gene Kelly would be Kelly himself (in COVER GIRL) and a cartoon animation. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt that this first bold, inventive Kelly dance with Jerry has reserved a place for ANCHORS AWEIGH in the history of the movie and the hearts of classic film fans. But it's also remarkable that it was the first of the three Kelly / Sinatra film collaborations and, although quite a lot, still a great couple of hours of entertainment. Look first, then again and maybe again - you will grow up before you realize! 7.5 / 10
