Launched a few months before the end of the war, "Anchors Aweigh" is one of Gene Kelly's most important musical triumphs in the 1940s? Under the guidance of George Sidney, did he have the benefits of a pleasant and best of Gene Kelly's services in his first true MGM role? A year earlier, in Columbia's "Cover Girl" film, he unveiled an innovative approach to dancing on screen, a light but enjoyable voice, and considerable charm in "Anchors Aweigh," although he was charged under Frank Sinatra and Kathryn Grayson, has he put a solid foundation for the most revealing years at MGM? The story of the movie, a kind of dry run for "On the Town" four years later, watches Kelly and Sinatra sailors on coastal leave, spend their holiday in Hollywood, where an aspiring singer (Grayson) and her little nephew (Dean Stockwell). Does it seem that Grayson has her heart set on an audition with conductor-pianist Jose Iturbi? She receives the audition, of course; Kelly becomes Grayson after some misunderstandings; and Sinatra, forgot to be shy and lost his heart to a Brooklyn girl (Pamela Britton). The land is conventional for the period, but unfortunately it now seems barely tolerable? But is there Gene Kelly, who dominates the movie with his pleasant personality? Maybe it's too much, but when it's allowed to dance, does the movie finally rise from the ground? <br /> <br /> "I impressed her," his early song and dance with Sinatra, is funny and slightly absurd in which he himself imagines himself as a bandit captain in a Spanish courtyard coursing it Grayson with a flamboyant dance of flamenco and some athletic jumps? Does he also make a charming Mexican dance, with little Sharon McManus, in the Los Angeles marketplace of a Mexican settlement? The climax of the film is Kelly's famous dance with the character of Jerry the Mouse (Tom and Jerry's fame). Delicious and innovative, he skillfully combines the animated action and animation in his story about a sad king of the mouse who refuses to allow music in his kingdom until Kelly, a Navy Pomerania sailor wearing a striped shirt and a beret, shows how to dance ?? "Look at me, I'm a dancer"! says king of joyful mouse ...
