The arrival of the White Men in Arctic Canada provokes the freedom of a fearless ESKIMO hunter. <br /> <br /> W. S. Van Dyke, the peripatetic director of MGM, was responsible for this fascinating aspect of Arctic life among the Inuit. His production was filmed in the location from April 1932 to November 1933 (although some annoying projection effects show that part of the filming took place back to Studio). While it was considered a documentary at the time, perhaps we will finish a "docudram", as it is written with an intriguing plot and story. The film presents the daily life of the Eskimos, winter and summer, and actually begins in the hottest season of the year, without snow or ice. It describes the constant efforts for food, and the spectator gets to watch the interesting hunts, polar bear, whale and caribou. The mother tongue is used entirely by means of title books; the only English language is spoken by the fishermen and ammunition encountered by the Eskimos. In fact, the arrival of White Men, both good and bad, and the change they make in Eskimos society, which is a major element in the narrative. This Pre-Code film honestly, frankly and sincerely deals with the Eskimos moral code, especially with their practice of sharing their wife, an important and completely innocent part of their culture. In fact, the whole movie can be regarded as a valuable insight into a lifestyle that quickly disappeared even in the early 1930s. No one in the cast receives screen credit, which is a shame, there are some notable shows. The most important of them is Ray Wise, playing the main role of Mala Eskimo. Wise (1906-1952) was a Native Alaskan of Inuit Ancestors and is absolutely splendid and perfectly credible in what was a very demanding part. As beautiful as any of the Hollywood stars, he will continue to act, using Ray Mala's name, in a sporadic career of the film, often in tiny roles. wife; the name of the beautiful actress playing his other two wives is now obscure. Director Woody Van Dyke heads to the cameras as a Northwest Northwest police inspector. The two merciful coins that must release Mala in Canadian justice are played by Joe Sawyer and Edgar Dearing, both long-standing actors in the film. The Danish author Peter Freuchen, in whose books the film was founded, has a short live role of a bad wooden legged captain, which unmistakably triggers Mala's frozen anger.
