There are not enough stories to overcome the odds quite similar to those of Christy Brown. Born with cerebral palsy in the 1930s in Dublin, his parents thought his disability was both mental and physical. Although correctly diagnosed, Brown, in a lower working class family, with nearly 20 children, had to push himself to be appreciated by his family. By using his only fully functional language, his left foot, he learned to write and paint, both skills developed by an expert. But what makes the film version of Brown's autobiography "My Left Foot" a big account is humiliation. Both director / writer Jim Sheridan and star Daniel Day-Lewis managed to tell this story in a way that does not scream for attention and does not resort to the melodrama. Fighting cheese and frustration scenes, as well as glorious moments of minute victory are the traps easily of such a miraculous tale, but "My Left Foot" remains real and inspired intrinsic. Day-Lewis is the easiest to point out. Playing anybody with such serious physical deficiencies must be a difficult task. Not only does Day-Lewis give Christy a complete picture, but he also manages to chronicle the growth, improvement, and inner change of the character at different stages of his life. He played at Christ at the age of 17 when he had limited linguistic capacity and was emotionally volatile as the one he taught intellectual Cristy, who struggles to make good why he can not find non- platonic. The second theme is the strongest film and it would have been nice for Sheridan and co-adapter Shane Connaughton to do that. Regardless, Day-Lewis makes us understand and sympathize with all these elements, providing such a credible performance that you do not have time to think "wow, that's such an actor." These are the most commendable performances. Equally important, but by subtle means is Sheridan's work on the film. This story is about daily life and fighting. Although Christy has such a unique set of circumstances that impedes his life, his struggles are not unlike ours, and Sheridan fully understands this concept. Christy struggles with love, with parental attention, with questions of value and capability. His battles are more physical (literally and figuratively) than ours. <br /> <br /> Sheridan gives us moments capturing the spirit of the big Brown family and Christy's unique place in it. Drama evolves naturally when tensions are the highest and humor comes in the same way. The dinner scene, when Christy learns that the doctor or teacher - the woman she loves - will marry his brother. Peter is the best example of both Day-Lewis and Sheridan's film. She was built so well by Sheridan that she leaves when we're ready and Day-Lewis takes us from there with his amazing work. The other strong feature of the movie is Brenda Fricker as Mrs. Brown. I did not know she won the Oscar, but it was something about her performances as Christy's loving and wise mother who just screamed Oscar-worthy. Her love for Christy and the constant struggle for him seems just as convincing and heart-worthy and he earns a lot of sympathy for his situation. The emotional fist of the story given is surprisingly minimal. Perhaps it was part of the sacrifice of trying to create a film that feels organic. The two should be reconcilable, but I imagine it is challenging to tell a story that feels real-to-life and one that offers enough dramatic moments to get our emotions on a roller coaster. The choice to underestimate the latter was certainly the wise one for My Left Foot. Brown's conditions speak for themselves - they do not have to be squeezed for a more dramatic impact. <br /> <br /> <br /> Visit my site moviemusereviews.com for more
