I just came back from a "My Left Foot" presentation to our public library. What emotional experience - I feel like I'm drained and exalted. It's the story of Christy Brown, Irish writer and painter, and based on the author's autobiographical "My Left Foot". Christy was born with a form of cerebral palsy, so the only member he controls well was his left foot. Doctors advised parents that he was hopelessly retarded, but Mom did not give up and, as Annie Sullivan and Helen Keller did, helped him make a breakthrough in learning the alphabet and then reading, writing and paint. This film won the Academy Awards for Daniel Day-Lewis (Best Actor) as well as the best actress supporting the actress who played his mother; he also received Oscar nominations for Best Picture, Best Director and Best Scripture. As a retired clinical psychologist and family therapist, while many movies can have fun, many also let me overlook fictions or improbability in realistic psychological reactions. Not this film - it was absolutely "on the spot" in portraying the typical Irish parenting roles and behaviors (see, for example, see McGoldrick's typical Irish family families "Ethnicity & Family Therapy") and Christy's emotional maturation Brown - some immature personality reactions that were amplified even more by his father's features. The film presents the greater truth as it changes certain sequences in its development (painting and writing) and the condensation of several important people in one person, for the sake of telling a coherent, credible story, not degraded by small, disturbing, little important. (See Christy Brown on Wikipedia for more accuracy.) The DVD version that we were presented to has some English subtitles that helped greatly in understanding Christy's speech (and Irish speech); the original release of the film would be inappropriate. (If you see this on the DVD, turn on that option.) Daniel Day-Lewis's performance is one of the biggest and most credible traveling trips I've ever seen. Truly magnificent, remarkable, superlative. "My left foot" bears more than a similarity to a more recent film, "The Diving Bell & Butterfly," in which each portrays the life of a real person, successfully overcoming the incarceration and isolation of an extremely serious physical disability. And by doing so, he resonates with William Ernest Henley's "Invictus," which begins: "From the night that covers me, // Black like a pole from pole to pole, // Thank you to all the gods that may be / For my unceasing soul ".
