A cinematic phenomenon noted in the late eighties and early nineties was the number of Oscars who went to actors playing characters who were physically or mentally handicapped. The first was Marlee Matlin's Prize for "The Children of a Lesser God" in 1986, and in the next ten years a "Best Actress" award was released (Holly Hunter for "The Piano" in 1994) and no less Five "(Dustin Hoffman in 1988 for" Rain Man, "Daniel Day-Lewis in 1989 for" My Left Foot ", Al Pacino in 1992 for" The Flavor of a Woman, "Tom Hanks in 1994 for Forrest Gump and Geoffrey Rush in 1996 for "Shine") for portraits of disabled people. Matlin, who played a deaf woman, is deaf, but everyone else is capable. <br /> <br /> This phenomenon caused a negative comment at the time, suggesting that these awards were given more for political correctness than for the quality of the act. When Jodie Foster failed to win the "Best Actress" for "Nell" in 1994, some people saw this as evidence of a reaction against this type of portrayal. My point is, however, that most of these awards were well worth it. I thought the 1992 prize was supposed to be at Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey, rather than at Pacino, but apart from that, the only one I disagree with would have been Hanks, "and that's because I preferred Nigel's performance Hawthorne in "Madness of King George." In this film, of course, Hawthorne played a character who was mentally ill. <br /> <br /> My Left Foot is based on the autobiography of Irish writer and painter Christy Brown. was born in 1931, one of the thirteen Dublin children in the working class. He was born with cerebral palsy and was thought to be a mental handicapped at first, for a long time he had been unable to move deliberately or speak, but he finally discovered that he can control the movements of a part of his body, the left leg (hence the title). He learned to write and draw a piece of chalk between his toes and then to become a painter, journalist and poet published. Living in Dublin's working class in the thirties and forties could be tough, and the city of Jim Sheridan (himself a Dubliner) shows us here is in many ways a gloomy, gray, joyless place, very different from our normal idea of ​​"Emerald Island". (Sheridan and Day-Lewis later collaborated on another Irish film "In the Father's Name"). However, the joy and spirit of his people, especially the Brown family, must be established. Much of Christy's success is due to the support he received from his parents, who refused to allow him to be institutionalized and always believe in the hidden intelligence under an ill-externated and his brothers. We see his brothers flying in a specially constructed trolley and helping their mason's father build Christy in the back yard. <br /> <br /> The film could easily slip into sentimentality and it would have been just another "triumph over adversity" movie that warmed the heart. That it is not due to a number of factors, mainly the magnificent actor. During his career, Day-Lewis gave some fine performances, but this, along with the recent "There Will Be Blood," is the best. He is not less than 100% convincing like Christie; his tortured and offended movements and misguided speech attempts convince us that we are really looking at a person with disabilities, even if intellectually we are aware that Day-Lewis is capable. Other highlights include Fiona Shaw, mentor Dr. Eileen Cole, Hugh O'Conor as young Christy, and Brenda Fricker as Christy's mother (who won her the Best Actress Award secondary"). <br /> <br /> The other reason why the film is sentimental is that it does not attempt to sentiment its main character. Christy Brown had a difficult life, but it could be hard to live, and the film gives us a "dirt and everything" portrait. He was a heavy boy, in the face of bad language and predisposed to anger. He could also be selfish and manipulator of those around him, and the film shows us all these aspects of his character. Of course, it also shows us the positive aspects - the courage, determination and sense of his bad humor. Day-Lewis's act is not only physically convincing in that he persuades us to believe in his character's disability, but also emphatically and intellectually convincing, by highlighting all these different facets of character Christy's. His Oscar was won by strong opposition from Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but was well worth it. 8/10
