Daniel Day-Lewis is Christy Brown, a victim of brain paralysis using "My Left Foot" to write and paint in this incredible film from 1989. The film also calls Brenda Fricker the mother of Christy, Ray McAnally, Fiona Shaw and Hugh O'Conor. Their brilliant performances, scenario and wonderful direction by Jim Sheridan help paint a living portrait of Christy Brown, an artist and writer who died in 1981 at the age of 49. Brown was born in a lower-middle-class Catholic family, where his mother was constantly pregnant (22 children in total, of whom 13 survived). His father considered Christy mentally retarded and physically handicapped, but would not allow his son to enter a house. The children in the family would have said goodbye every day when they went to school, and then his mother would feed him and talk to him. In the film, Fricker conveys the meaning of a woman who, despite being surrounded by a huge family, needs someone to talk to. Christy does not talk back. Finally there is a stroller for him, and the children in the neighborhood, all who have known him since he was a child, include him in all their activities. The only part of his body that works well is his left foot, and when children find out how good he kicks, they put him in football games for this purpose. One of the most beautiful parts of the film is the relaxed way in which other children treat it. There are many powerful scenes, but none as strong as Christy writes "Mother" on the floor holding a piece of chalk between the toes. "It's a real Brown," says his father, lifting him on his shoulders and taking him to the pub. He enters the bar and announces: "My son is a genius." Things change when Christy gets older, because he has the desires and emotions of a boy. He develops the crushing, is rejected, and goes further into himself, turning to painting. Eventually, he enters therapy in a nearby clinic and works with a therapist, Eileen (Fiona Shaw) at home. She falls in love with her. When he finds out he's engaged, he's almost crazy. But he survives to live, paint, write (three books altogether) and love again. Because it is a film, necessity certain things had to be left out and mixed characters. Brown has not been diagnosed with cerebral palsy for some time, which has been left out of the movie. Therapist Eileen is actually a combination of three important therapeutic figures in Christy's life, and although we know that his mother thought he had a good mind, he really did a lot with Christy when he was a kid teaching him the alphabet etc . Also, before Maria, Christy had a 12-year relationship with the woman she dedicated to "My Left Foot." And the typical ending in Hollywood, 9 years before his death, where his neglect by his wife could have been a factor, does not end the story. In spite of all, Christy Brown's biopic is incredibly strong due to two more shows: Hugh O'Conor as young Christy and Daniel Day-Lewis as adult Christy. O'Conor's facial expression and the way his strained body pulls out is scary. One of them is exhausted for him and defeats at the same time. And what can be said about Daniel Day-Lewis, one of the greatest actors in the world - brings Christy totally to life, an intelligent human being capable of swearing, becoming angry, bitter, beaten, stinking, lecherous, funny and loving. A well deserved Oscar won the same year that Tom Cruise was nominated for "Born on July 4". I remember someone writing a letter to the editor somewhere that Cruise was so sensational, what was wrong with the Academy? Nothing for a change. Nothing. Brenda Fricker is amazing as Christy's mother, who never stops believing in him and what she can do and who keeps her family and husband together during difficult times. The wonderful thing about Fricker's performance is that support, love and work ethic seem to come naturally to the mother. The character would never think of a heroine or someone doing something unusual. Fricker shows us a religious but not fanatical woman who thinks her job on earth is to be a wife and a good mother. And no matter what, even if her husband is out of work, she throws her daughter out of the house because she is pregnant no matter what she does. Saves money for Christy's wheelchair, gets photos with her daughter and baby, starts building a room for Christy behind the house. Some of the day's work. An Oscar-like performance she received. Brown's life has been more complicated than this inspired film, but this is an amazing achievement by all those involved and you have to see it.
