DANIEL DAY-LEWIS is doing a remarkable job of playing Christy Brown, the artist who grew up with cerebral palsy, but managed to have a productive life, successfully handle disabilities and become a respected artist and writer. The film, however, is very difficult to review - or even watch. Fortunately, we had the subtitling function to catch every word that would have been impossible if we saw the movie in a theater. While I respect him as a courageous work dealing with the difficult subject, I can not say that it is a kind of film I would like to see more than once. However, my attention was kept by the storyline device, a flashback in the present, in which we see Christy being honored for his achievements before seeing his retrospective of youth and his struggles to communicate with those around him , who certainly gave him loving care. DANIEL DAY-LEWIS is certainly remarkable that the troubled man who falls in love with a therapist (FIONA SHAW), much to his mother's fear that when love is not mutual, his heart will be broken. There is a painfully long scene in a restaurant where she confesses her love for her before the others and then goes into a frenzy when he drinks too much. BRENDA FRICKER does a brilliant job as a mother who takes care of him, his father and a mother of brothers while struggling to keep a roof over her head until Day-Lewis begins to be successful with his work. It complements Day-Lewis's performance as a warm-hearted mom and shares many painful moments with him. The rich detailed story of a family who stayed together in the most unusual circumstances, paying attention to the details of the period each frame of the film. Both Fricker and Day-Lewis won Oscars, but HUGH O'CONOR and RAY McANALLY are also excellent. O'Conor is Christy as a boy and McAnally is the father who spends too much time at the local pub, but he loves the boy. Summing up: Elmer Bernstein's music is a plus plus factor. Well, it's worth it, but certainly not a movie for everyone.
