A French novelist, disgusted by his wife's friends, goes to North Africa for a respite. There he meets a vivacious and talented Bedouin girl living in poverty. To his master's wife, who says a Maharajah, decides to train and educate him on the face and present Parisian society as PRINCESSE TAM TAM ... Wonderful Josephine Baker is perfectly expressed in the title role in the French film very nice. With her enormous eyes and infectious smile, she immediately comes into contact with the heart of the spectator. Her large personality and the obvious joy of performance make her a pure pleasure to watch. Baker makes us care about what happens to poor Alwina during its transformation and the introduction into the European death. Albert Préjean behaves very well as Pygmalion at Galatea's Baker; also effective are Georges Peclet as a half caste minister, and Jean Galland as mysterious Maharajah. The film is very nice & well done, looking a little reminiscent of Busby Berkeley films being produced at the same time in America - although, unlike American films of this period, PRINCESSE TAM TAM does not have any kind of racism. It should be noted that there is no Hays office or production code in France. Some of the dialogue and actions are quite challenging, but we must admit that Baker singing and dancing "under the African sky" and the culminating her performance in the nightclub Paris are two of the most memorable moments of cinema. /> <br /> The shooting of the current location in Tunisia greatly improves the film. Josephine Baker was born in St. Louis in 1906, in a very poor family. Talent and ambition driving them have just recently pushed eastward and was briefly a member of the Ziegfeld Follies casting site. Realizing that America in the mid-1920s took great dedication limitations for a black woman, she managed to reach Paris, where finally the Folies-Bergeres joined Black & Le Revue. The French have adored her and she has become an immense celebrity. A brief return to America in 1935 showed Baker that things did not change for African Americans. He returned to France, became a French citizen and worked for Resistance in the early days of the war. Baker moved to Morocco for the rest of his life and enjoyed the allied troops stationed there. After the war, Baker's fortune began to slip and she faced many financial and personal difficulties. For a while, she was even forbidden to return to the United States. Eventually, Baker accepted an offer from Princess Grace of Monaco to live in the Principality. Josephine Baker was about to return when he died of a stroke in 1975 at the age of 68. After appearing in two decent films - ZOUZOU & PRINCESSE TAM TAM - Baker is in danger of becoming obscure. But she deserves her place alongside Chevalier, Dietrich & Robeson as one of her legendary artists.
