Jackie Chan, the classic director of POLICE STORY (1985), is among the most influential and current modern police politicians who came out of Hong Kong. Jackie simply wanted to make a movie that included regular kung fu and a fierce action of pistols and other "urban" actions that would later become very popular and typical among HK directors such as John Woo and Ringo Lam. POLICE STORY mixes these two elements of action and styles, and the result is as wild as it sounds. Jackie performs Chan Ka-Kui, a policeman who protects an important witness (Brigitte Lin), confessing against a powerful gangster boss and his ring of criminal activity. Jackie's girlfriend is interpreted by the young and sweet Maggie Cheung, who is not as wild here as in her subsequent roles such as Johnnie To, The Savior of Corey Yuen and David Lai, and many others. The land of POLICE STORY is very simple, but the action is the reason why this movie was made first and foremost. Jackie has, of course, made all of his character's cascades, and he has also suffered quite a bit in several scenes, some of which are in the movie as well as at the end of Jackie's head (close to his eyes) a piece of sharp glass. Also, Jackie's stunt team members were almost killed during the film's filming. The scene where a bus stops just before Jackie, spitting the kidnappers through the windscreen, really went wrong, the bus stopping too early, and the stunts did not fly as they had to. They were supposed to fly on the car parked in front of the bus, but their flight was too short and hit the asphalt with injuries at the hospital level. During the final credits, there are images and images behind the scenes of these injured actors and they all look very bad and almost flawless but fortunately no one has been killed or injured too seriously. The action is more than abundant and imaginative, as can be expected from (action) director Chan. The legendary bus scene and shopping mall scene at the end of the year are most likely among the wildest scenes that any action movie has managed to deliver. Jackie always tells how important editing is (which is true) and really shows in his action scenes and timing that is perfect and makes movies look so ultra-kinetic compared to Hollywood efforts, for example. It's not hard to find slow moments and also these moments are interesting and the movie does not get boring or hard to watch. But there is again a negative point I can not stand in the action comedy HK, which is this comedy in itself. Comedy is not funny especially when the mistakes and amateur elements in the script are not there by chance, but because of the writer who wanted to add them there, without necessarily understanding there are signs of stupid scenes and stupid dialogue. I want to say those scenes as trying to kill stabbing from the beginning when the killer just screams, screams and faces and acts like a drunk clown from a prey nightmare and he's there to kill the girl. This kind of acting is stupid and inept, and I would not want to see her in a movie that is otherwise very great in its genre. Characters also speak their thoughts, which are also a bad screen sign, because those "hard thoughts" are just to make things clear even for the stupidest viewer, making things too simple and "easy ". Even if the movie is comic and not so serious, such stupidity should not be there and can not be forgiven too easily. POLITICS STORY is a fast-paced, full-blown, bang to the action of Hong Kong's adventure walls, and when Jackie was very sad because of the bad results she had with the United States, The Protector, because had the same thoughts about film director James Glickenhaus and, please, audiences and Jackie and returned to Hong Kong to make a more personal and inventive film. That he certainly did and the result is as wild today as he did in the 1980s. This is one of the most crazy action movies ever, and it would be somewhat perfect without the faults I mentioned. 7/10
