It's depressing to see where Jackie Chan arrived. He used to be an unstoppable hurricane of strikes, blows and incredible stunts. To be fair, he is now fifty years old and is expecting a slowdown. But with "Rush Hour 3," where Chris Tucker (from all people!) Takes over, and then there is "Kung Fu Panda" where he is not only in a purely vocal role, but his character barely has a dialogue. .. to say that Jackie Chan saw better days is a colossal understatement. It's such moments when the only solution is to whip a dusty VHS tape and watch Jackie hit some donkeys in his youth, plumber, free days of Chris Tucker. <br /> <br /> Enter the "Police". Jackie Chan plays Kar-kui, a policeman whose purpose is to protect a witness before a major trial. He faces the resistance of both the uncooperative witness and the many blows sent by the crowd to keep them both silent. But, on the other hand, who cares? We do not watch Jackie Chan's movies for the story. We're going to see Jackie Chan do the stunts and punch and hit a lot of people who are less wonderful than him. And at this level, "Police Story" do not disappoint at all. There is a wonderful show in a mall at the end of the year, culminating with Jackie sliding on a giant, high-voltage chandelier. Seriously, if that kind of thing happened more often, no man would need coaxing to go shopping for clothes. There is also a comedy, much of which involves Kar-kui's unhappy upsetting May (Maggie Cheung), his eternal lover and apparently forgiving friend. Humor as a whole is pretty neural, but it works so I do not cry. The act is also not subtle. Indeed, I'm not sure there was anything subtle about the "Police". Jackie Chan's director has a deep understanding of why we're watching movies and we know that while we're waiting for the next fight, the last thing we want is to look for hue and deep and inward. <br /> <br /> So "Police" is an explosion. As in most of his films, the fact that Jackie actually does what you see on the screen puts his head and shoulders above the competition. I mean, when Jackie Chan is really hung from a speedboat with an umbrella, a new "Wow!" the factor is added to the action.
