Jackie Chan's police story is a reference film for Honk Kong as well as for Jackie Chan's career. Registered / written by Chan, Story police has a basic plot like all the movies of that era and genre, and like most of the Storys Policemen films, the script has nothing to face. But the film's plot is Jackie Chan, who plays a cute policeman fighting to condemn the local gangmaster. Direction of the film is nothing special and in no case the best effort to guide that Jackie Chan gave us, this responsibility falls under the subordinate masterpiece "Miracles". However, Jackie's job is sufficient and respectable. The direct film release also comes with battle scenes. The performance of this film also differs with Jackie offering a typically typical guy typical of Chan, but this is by no means his best acting role, which was seen in Sammo Hung's "Heart of the Dragon ". The other actors in the film also offer solid performance like Jackie, and Bridgete Lin plays reasonably a part of the witness that does not want, but does not even show the potential to act fully. The standout action comes from Maggie Cheung as Jackies' friend and Bill Tung as a funny and fun police chief. None of the performances in this movie have a sufficiently low standard to affect the quality of the movie. <br /> <br /> Action in the film is what truly separates this film from others with a contemporary contemporary choreography that matches the urbanized and modern atmosphere, the action being some of the greatest scenes of battle ever made on the camera . To begin with, there is a fire in the neighborhood where Koo (ganglord) is doing a drug business, while not a John Woo style sequence, this serves as a good starter for the movie. It is then followed by the famous car that stretches across the hillside and through the heart of the neighborhood, which destroys everything in front. This is a breathtaking sequel that was originally copied by Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the movie there is another outstanding sequence as Jackie tries to transport Bridgete Lin from her to his house. This is really the first scene we are in to see the awesome rhythm of rhythm, which has since become the norm for all modern martial art films. This sequence is fantastically choreographed, programmed and edited together to maximize the brutality of the scene. However, as tradition dictates, the standout battle sequence is at the end of the movie. This sequence displays some of Chans' best choreographies, stunts and camera editing work. This sequence is now famous for two things, the amount of people sent through high-density glass, which must be said as a phenomenal amount of people, and stunts at the end where Jackie saves from the 5-storey balcony and slips through, a roof of glass (this must be seen to be believed). While the two factors mentioned are so brilliant, I think the most impressive part of this battle sequence is Chans' ability to incorporate something in the battle sequence and the absolute originality of choreography, which for me has never been improved. I also think that Story Police action is one of the best cinematic and edited actions of Chans' career, helping to establish action apart from others. Generally, Story Police, despite its story and scripts across the game, is one of the best action movies of all time, featuring Chans best choreography, the best action filmed, and undoubtedly , the most spectacular stunt of this spectacle for everyone. Then watch a Chan movie for action!
