This is my favorite movie Jackie Chan and in an interview, Jackie said he is his favorite. It contains some unbelievable stunts and battle sequences that descend into the jaw, as well as some very funny scenes. This film was a favorite of Brandon Lee, who used pieces in Rapid Fire, and was also raised in Tango and Cash, which used some of the opening scenes. Jackie plays a policeman in Hong Kong. The story immediately jumps on a fantastic journey through a nasty city and continues as Jackie slides down a hill and jumps on a bus in motion to catch the evil Ku (who is one of the biggest villains in any Jackie Chan movie). ) You can expect some very funny scenes as Jackie tries to balance his duty as a policeman with his girlfriend played by Maggie Chung. His mission is to protect Ku's secretary, who has enough information to discourage him, but even that has many problems. Jackie is at his best level here. The last battle scene at the mall is my favorite battle scene for anyone - the period. It was the most intense fight I've ever seen Jackie and culminates in a sliding on a pole in the midst of exploded lights. On the whole, one of his biggest stunts has done it and left it with his tanned skin on his hands. He was lucky he was not electrocuted, because the person responsible for stunt used high voltage instead of a lower voltage. In total, another classic Chan and certainly one of his biggest movies. By the end of this movie, you can say it has absolutely nothing back and its stunts. So many of his stunts were injured during the movie, so nobody would have assured them - Jackie had to take responsibility. There are no tricks, wires or waiting stations - everything is a real action that is a treatment to follow. It's this kind of action that has made him the phenomenon he's representing, and it's a movie that will stun people 100 years ago. If you have not seen this movie and you are a fan of Jackie Chan or an action in general, give yourself a treat and watch this movie. It's really sensational.
