There is a detail that is not very common for Jackie Chan's films, but he is here. It has a very harsh and serious atmosphere while the fun elements are present. Jackie is threatening and psychotic here. He is not a hero who is attacked and only then struggles (in an ordinary pattern), but he is the one who can go and start the disorder. His way to hit that bad guy in his glasses is amazing. Every time "crack!" Works. I also enjoy the scene when Jackie goes to the bar and overturns the bastards who meet with his girlfriend. It's one of the best blitzkriegs on the screen. In addition, the entire scene is shot against a wall-painted action character (also shows a "rabochiy" poster of our Soviet era) and a few lines in Russian on the left (I noticed that quite accidentally) . Looks great (and nostalgic for the Russian people). I also like when the windows are destroyed in movies. There are many things here. It is quite amazing watching the falling characters / jumping / running / driving through all sorts of windows. All three movies are great. I was ready to see the quality down, but I saw a perfect trilogy with incredible sensations and stunts (and not only Jackie Chan's character appears in all three films - it's great and still going on)> <br /> I would like to describe each movie with just a few words: No. 1 - wonderful (in all aspects - is a close story from beginning to end) and funny (many scenes are ridiculous); No.2 - angry (Jackie is really * beep * here) and painful (Jackie is tortured); No.3 - incredible (the woman fighting with Jackie is incredible) and bombastic (should I mention a lot of weapons and explosions?). As for the rest - many were mentioned by others. It's a trilogy that can always be watched (at least by me). Her place is in the top 10 among the jewels of action / comedy. Eventually, it was released in Russia on DVD (the second movie has the best options - the Chinese / Russian soundtrack and the English / Russian subtitles). Solid 10 of 10. Thank you for your attention.
