Jackie Chan is considered by many fans of martial arts and film as one of the greatest action stars ever to have been through the silver screen, and Police Story cemented his successor reputation as successor to Tuesday's Bruce Lee. If Enter the Dragon brought out the so-called brand of Lee's greatness in the 1970s, then the same can be said about Police Story and Jackie Chan in the 80's. Forget the Rush Hour trilogy or any of its American efforts - the movie which really impresses Chan's excellence, not to mention the kick in which he played the role of a kung-fu talisman talisman as well as his film career, was that, Police Story - a series of successful cops, established in the mainland, now Hong Kong. We have seen many of his efforts - also in the US based on Rush Hour, Rumble in the Bronx, Medalian, and Tuxedo - and, frankly, many of them have grown insignificant compared to the police. In those movies, I saw a less "still" version of Jackie who did not have the opportunity to use his battle skills to the fullest, not to mention the battle sequences were not where they were just as good as well as those in such efforts Drunken Master, Police Story to name them. <br /> <br /> The waterfalls in this movie are extraordinary and are best featured in any action movie. The shopping mall scene is literally unique and must be seen as credible: flying glass fragments, Chan who is left puzzled by the bus only through the walking stick as a madman who freneticly crosses the streets of the city, and Chan has managed to successfully use all kinds of inanimate objects and propulsion devices as weapons to fight bad boys. <br /> <br /> Since he is known for injuring and breaking every bone in his body and jeopardizing, Jackie's persistence in showing his versatility as a stunt by not relying on one, is to some extent a testament his reputation as a kung fu expert. Especially because he has bruises to show them. Thus, he demonstrated that he is not a pony with a single trick when it comes to creating and coming with different and intelligent moves. In the story, there is not much to talk about, but what is lacking in the narrative, it behaves with its actions of end and end and struggle. As for the dialogue, well, it's not a very big aspect of the movie - that's why most Jackie's filmmakers and martial arts are more interested in acting, unlike the story. Matrix, there is no yarn or CGI, or any form of computer trick involved. What you see is what you get - and what you get with Police Story is a great epic of Jackie Chan, full of action and stunts pulsating. It's smaller than Rumble In The Bronx, Rush Hour and all other American efforts. /> <br /> Story Police is an excellent movie and one that I would definitely recommend to anyone who is the fan of the new Jackie Chan, but I'm not sure which one to look first at.
