Believe it or not, the last case of the Gadget inspector is what put me on the whole thing about Gadget. My name is Miriam and I'm 12 years old, so obviously I was not around when Inspector Gadget was at the top of his career. Sure, I heard of him, but I did not really know him. While reading, keep in mind that NEVER find ORIGINAL SERIES (I would be if it would happen!). This is the only thing I've ever watched (even if I'm obsessed now) and I'll focus on what I liked, because everyone else is so negative. For all pessimists, I have some conscious. = P First of all, for a childish sense of humor, you might find this movie pretty funny. I thought it was, sue me. I also thought animation and character design were good, and I'm also happy that there was more Gadget in it because he's my favorite character. (I do not like Penny.) Then Claw (with his voice was terrible) and Madcat; I thought they were doing pretty well. Gadget's genius looked pretty good instead, if not a little exaggerated (that is, sucking the hat thing, but it would have done a good screen shot, though.) P, and I liked the song that ran in credits. Yeah, I'm weird. And, like all the movies, there are also some negative ones. <br /> <br /> I'm talking about cars? What's up with that? You can say that this is addressed to younger boys. That does not bother me too much if there is not the fact that the cars actually saved the day. I would have preferred if Penny and Brain had taken their place. And, apparently, Gadget loved his car more than he would naturally call. A little strange, at least to say. Oh, and the boss was absolutely understandable for the Gadget. I mean, sheesh, yes, he was not always the funniest of people, but he did not HATE Gadget, from what I read. Like the inspector, his personality was exaggerated. Well, that's all I have to say about this movie. I thought the animation did it for the car-centered plot and that it was pretty decent in general; more than Live Action Gadgets (slaughtered, slaughtered, BUTCHERED!) at least. Maybe I'm just biased, because that gets me in the Gadget, or maybe my mind is twisted or maybe just strange, but I really liked this movie, even if I'm the oldest recommended for.
