Shakespeare Behind Bars was a strangely elevated document, despite its content. Sentenced to Luther Luckett's correction complex in LaGrange, Kentucky who raped, killed, etc.? and surrounded by bad people in a clearly depressing environment find something that really enjoys and can become important, popular and celebrated in acting. There are parallel themes to "Shawshank Redemption" with their institutionalized nature and the search for forgiveness and redemption for their past lives. As we follow a generous, unremarkable director who gives up every year the direction of targeting certain detainees in a play chosen by William Shakespeare (this time, "Tempest," which was intelligently interpreted with detainees who, could refer to him so much with his penetrating concentration on forgiveness and redemption in which they confuse and refers to), we are present to each actor in formal interviews that are beautifully paused to record their repetitive. Each actor has his own story and tells about their regrets and the reasons why they are emotionally there with melancholic music over each one in a traditional documentary sense. The strongest and most respected detainee (apparently) is Sammie. The director seems to realize at once who the most interested were in Sammie (and later Hal), and allows a longer and deeper observation in man and his personality. His presence is felt on the screen, and his personal revelations are a shock to the public, but give him such an appeal in his emotional personality and a particular empathy is felt towards him. Hal is the same at the beginning of the movie. He has other things he does to pass the time presented as a comfortable hobby as if he were running a newscast on the site. Again, through the personal interviews and revelations that Hal admitted (and beautifully shot in the language of Hal's body, not the close movements of the uncertain hand, not only observed with him, but also with others), especially insecure scared of his true sexuality in a society that would not accept him as a homosexual until later in the film in which he proves to be quite snide and rude to other inmates involved in the game, as though he feels above all, especially for Ron, who already has a frustrating temper in acting. The relationship between all inmates involved in the game is presented as a respect and unity to achieve something great for themselves. With beautiful moves (if not cliché) of passing time with titles etc.? everything seems to happen exactly in the first act, and then the construction of the public show, things happen in the wrong way. An induction of one of the transferred actors, and his character being replaced by a younger and younger detainee, gives the narrative a beautiful subplot in someone who promises great, but ultimately disappoints everyone and does not respect their expectations. A privately owned (Big-G) man welcomes the new actor (Rick) with a clear will to care for him in his beloved practice and hopefully to become a good role model. The film seems to capture every passion of the detainees so well with what the audience can relate especially when Rick is put in "Hole" to get new tattoos (something that was amazed earlier in the movie when the guard stops a random prisoner in the yard and asks him when he has a tattoo on his arm and finds out that he is a criminal offense in this facility), and Big-G's disappointment is deeply understood. A happy ending? Everything looks great when they perform successfully (even if invited to play somewhere else) and a sense of real unity around them, but eventually the movie brings everyone back to the ground that this is short and it's all what they had or wanted was and will always be taken from them. They return to prison to pay for the crimes, and regardless of the redemption they seek to play, they will not be free men, their proud performances, and their recognition is undermined by being the smallest of the poor offenders, and a pleasant stop in the loud music that plays in a long corridor blow, which coincides with stopping the lights and closing the doors, is a powerful image of their oppression. The director seemed to be aware that he was watching people in the documentary, giving additional information at the end of the film, to each of the future actors at the end of the film about where they are and what is happening now.
