If you want to play inside the prison walls, why not go to the best William Shakespeare playwright? And if you are going to choose your cast from a lot of criminals who serve long sentences for the most delicious crimes, you can be sure there will be enough time for rehearsals. In a correctional prison in Kentucky, a courageous project like this has been achieved with amazing results. This film shows how everything was done, repeating rehearsals, set and costumes and the final presentation of Shakespeare's "The Tempest". I did not think of it before, but there is an analogy between the setting of the play and the correctional prison. In the game, the characters destroyed by the ships are limited to an island without contact with the outside world. Also life in prison is very similar to that. With a simple, painted back of a surrounding marine landscape, the characters in a very nice assortment of suits, which are below their limits to an audience that approves, Shakespeare intended, but with good heart and true sincerity. The more interesting than the song itself was the small cams of every man behind his character. A prisoner saw the play as a lesson in the forgiveness of another as a ransom of his sins. She was moving pretty much to see the men wiping a tear as they spoke about murder, shooting and strangulation. One had the feeling that everyone would want to overturn the clock and reconsider their brutal actions. However (as somebody said) the past has passed, and this was the beginning of a new future. At least the piece gave a temporary relief from the depressing thoughts of past events. Prison authorities should be applauded for allowing the play to take place. Such an event would put Kentucky on the map and hope that other prisons could follow their good example. It seems to me that everyone should benefit not only from the prison in Kentucky, but also from the prisoners themselves, who have to find new confidence and self-esteem and be prepared for the day they will go to passwords.
