Movies like this, and C.R.A.Z.Y., make me very sad for gay American movies. With the exception of the "Parenting Party" and "Brokeback Mountain," there are a few other notable American films as deep and sincere as this movie, The Bubble. This film focuses on two men, Noam and Ashwar, respectively Israeli and Palestinian. Their relationship is complicated by the tension between Jews and Arabs in Israel. Couples, in the first stages of their relationship, will fight who will name who follows or who will say "I love you" first. Ashawar's noble and early love is complicated by suicide bombings, armed control points, and racism. While Noam's friends accept and like Ashwar, who is Arab, it is clear that most Tel Aviv citizens probably do not. One of the toughest moments, and there's a lot in this movie, is when Noam and Ashwar take part in a Bent production. We, in the role of filming, see them watching this game, and their impact on the two is deeply captured in their eyes. And finally, this touching moment is played in a very sad way in the final of the movie. Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe' Sweid are remarkable as Noam and Ashwar. Director Eytan Fox is brilliant in creating a cogent and interesting account of Shakespeare's classic Romeo and Juliet. And while most of today's films have sex in them (almost like a sport), it returns to the old, tried and true version of sex, with love and passion combined. It's so refreshing. Also refreshing is that two homosexual men are portrayed as people, not as cartoons. There are animated characters in this movie. It's not going to be the two gay guys for a change. Somewhere on this site I think I read a comparison between this movie and "Friends". Not realy. Yes, these are young characters who are hampered by their first unhappy steps toward maturity and relationships. But I do not remember how it was "thrown" as a backdrop for the insipid story lines of "Friends". This is a very good movie. He has heart and suffering. And like all the good love stories, love wins. But not in the intact glory of the bloom. However, it is a very satisfying film to watch.
