This film is a complete reconfiguration of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. Lovers are one from Tel Aviv and the other from Nablus. There is a border between them and a constant state of war with the Israeli army present everywhere and Palestinian militants anywhere else with bombs. The situation is pretty bleak. We can imagine love in that enormous trap, without love. But the film goes on for a few more years, imagining the two gay lovers, Noam of Tel Aviv and Ashraf of Nablus. Being homosexual is accepted in Tel Aviv. There are no limits in Nablus. The conflict between the two peoples, the two communities, is thus doubled with the conflict between two cultures, two ethics. But this could even be viable if the war did not bring an extra dimension. Ashraf's sister will marry a militant activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally tells her sister about being homosexual. He can not accept, but accepts to speak later. From the wedding, the newly-married husband sends a commando to Tel Aviv to carry out a bomb attack. It takes place in a café in Tel Aviv and a friend of Noam is seriously injured. Pretty bad. The Isarieli army sends a command to Nablus to arrest the person responsible for the attack, but it turns sour and the newly married wife is shot on the street. The funeral follows the wedding. The husband and the widow offer volunteers for a suicide bomb attack. Ashraf is committed to taking its place. The exiled lover returns to Tel Aviv to die and kill a few people to avenge his sister. He arrives at a supper served by some of Noam's friends. But Noam sees him and goes to talk to him. Ashraf moved back to the middle of the street and detonated his bomb when Noam reached him on the street. Revenge brings together the two loved ones in death. So we have the double conflict, but we do not have the Prince of Verona, a neutral character that can impose peace, or even worse, the prince seems to have chosen the parts and to be on the side of Israel. The game is completely fake and death is safe on both sides. But the size of the impossible love is even stronger because it is doubled by a piece of the film, a piece showing love in Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one wearing a yellow star and the other a pink triangle. This is so powerful and astoundingly shocking: homosexual love in Auschwitz. What comes out of the film is that there is love in Tel Aviv or Nablus impossible. The film is a denunciation of the conflict in Palestine, which can only continue, although there is no reason to exist even if it has thousands of reasons to continue. We should not have let Britain handle the region long ago. Today we have to find a solution where no one will be humiliated. This will only succeed if all of them are united to find a sustainable solution. But, so far, everyone has been trying to avoid this general confrontation and talks favoring bilateral manipulations. So the suffering will continue and love will be forbidden, of course not sex, because children are needed for the war to go further: so to increase more soldiers. But love is just an extra-terrestrial concept. Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
