It's hard not to like Israeli director Eytan Fox and his films describing Middle Eastern life and the inherent problems that gay people can have in these regions. In addition, he gave voice to young generations and a remarkable part of them, who really need PEACE and who will no longer know about a war that has long marked the existence of people both in Israel , both in Palestine. These reasons, in my opinion, are enough to consider Fox a noteworthy director, even when his sense of melodrama is not controlled. However, fans of his films (which he co-produced with Gal Uchovsky, his co-writer producer and also life partner) do not seem to be disturbed by this because his new feature, THE BUBBLE HA-BUAH) the same success of previous YOSSI & JAGGER and WALK ON THE WATER. Announced as a contemporary homosexual version of "Romeo & Juliet", now established Tel Aviv instead of Verona and two men (one Israeli and the other Palestinian) instead of the two young Shakespeare lovers, the film is actually quite different from this or, better, is something else. In fact, the title balloon is a separate world in which the leading man, Noam, played by director Ohad Knoller (Yossi in YOSSI & JAGGER, but I have to confess I miss Jagger, the amazing Yehuda Levi!) And the two -the tenants, a guy and a girl, chose to live. Around the age of thirty, anxious, wizarding and firm (despite the fact that the protagonist has just spent a period as a national service at a border checkpoint on Palestine), to live a life that will not only be done war. The two are gay and together with the girl they set up a trio in which they love and support each other. Their lives are set to change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf (TV star Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), a young Palestinian who has come to live in Tel Aviv. The laws up to now in force within the group are neglected, but not the will to help a friend. However, it will not be easy for Noam and his friends because Ashraf is clandestine in Israel, and in the meantime his family, who lives in Palestine and does not know that he is gay, looks forward to setting up a wedding with a beautiful girl, who is a relative of his beloved loved sister Ashraf, who is also a terrorist and will have a strong responsibility in the development of the plot, with consequences not only for the two men. Because prejudices against homosexuality and peace (exciting, if not automatic dualism) are stubborn, tragedy is inevitable. Even if the film's emphasis on the obstacles the relationship between Noam and Ashraf encounters with, do not overlook the other characters, which prove to be well written (eg Golan, Yelli's friend, Noam's tenant colleagues, introduced as lousy, and then revealed as a sweet and open mind) and rightly done (apart from the two leads, we must not ignore the funny Zohar Liba and the beautiful Daniela Virtzer, the girl of the gang, BLACK LIKE stars LIOR Ashkenazi appears as himself in a cameo). It also combines the brilliant tones with the brightest, even if the director can not do without a melodramatic conclusion. I've been watching this movie more than a month ago and meanwhile I've often thought of it, proof that Fox and his friend have a talent to hit home.
