Since the advent of literature, people of all nationalities have been fascinated and easily touched by the accounts of unhappy love. Even more fascinating have always been the stories of an impossible love, love that can not be. Eytan Fox's most recent film, "The Bubble," is the best film of Eytan Fox's "The Bubble". Israel. The capital of the cosmopolitan and unofficial capital has little to do with Nablus, a Palestinian city in the West Bank, which is also found in the film. It does not have much in common with the tense and ugly atmosphere at Palestinian control points. In fact, he does not seem to have much in common with anything around him. "Bubble" in Tel-Aviv allows people to have a lifestyle that is not much different from what you can expect in any Western city. Adolescent girls looking for Britney Spears' records, a lifestyle magazine editor looking for sexy coverage for the next show, trendy people in trendy cafes, talking about trendy things with cappuccino cups and other drinks at fashion, while those at home look at the local edition of Pop Idol. the mind of man in a false sense of reality. The film evolves around the life of three Israeli young people who share an apartment and for the most part try to stay out of politics. Yelli, the owner of the camp and manager of "Orna & Ella", a hip café, seldom leaves the city and prefers not to think of the "carp that surrounds them." Noam, a soft and bold employee from a little avantguard record store, seems to be just as unwelcome to engage in lengthy political talks and discussions. Lulu, the only woman in the batch, is, on the contrary, linked to the Israeli left, although her political activities seem to confine themselves to "raves" against the occupation. "Yelli and Noam naturally do not oppose participation, and her political friends are doing raccoon's shirts, posters, and leaflets that advertise them in the neighborhood. a real participant of the Palestinians and that the police could come and spoil all the fun for them again. The closest they have come to a real confrontation is when they enter into a mess with some not so friendly Palestinian locals who are trying to prevents them from handing out leaflets. In other words, the predictable products of the bubble. " The opening scenes of the film lead us to a point of control on a road to Nablus, where we also find Noam making his spare duty. A group of Palestinians is carefully inspected before entering Israel, including a pregnant woman who suddenly goes to work and gives birth to a devoure child despite the efforts of Noam and the doctor who eventually arrives in an ambulance. The woman is comforted by a young man who later returns to Noam's doors in Tel Aviv, with his identity that the latter had obviously escaped during the border attempt. His name is Ashraf, he is a Palestinian, and a homosexual. And he just did not just return the ID, he came to see Noam. Without a permit to live in Israel and despite the initial hesitation of his colleagues at Noam, he remains. He soon gets a Jewish name and a job at Yelli's café. After growing up in Jerusalem with Hebrew, he does not have an Arab accent that makes it possible for him and his friends to conceal their identity. The sky is blue and the air is sweet. But it can not last. Because he became part of an equation that was never meant to be. At one point, Noam and Ashraf are watching a play called Bent about two prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp who have a love affair that can never become physical or visible to the guards around. They find a way to be together on another level, a metaphysical one, a level that no one else has access to. This is the place where our young man finally arrives. And it could not have been much different for them, not in today's Israel. Bubble "is a political statement about the bubble that breaks out when faced with Israel's political realities today against the backdrop of a beautiful and uncomfortable love story involving an Israeli and Palestinian relationship, the story of impossible love in a divided world, there are no compromises or other colors than black and white. "Bubble" is also a wonderful movie about people, homosexual and righteous, living in that weird city, Tel-Aviv, shown through the eyes of some people who cares about them. it has its flaws, and the chain of fatal events may seem somehow interpreted, but its powerful message and emotional impact will not leave you untouched.
