The Israeli / Palestinian conflict persists, and while the world may be aware of the violence surrounding the division of the two countries, few have a clue to the other aspect of the division - the group of people who want peace and work to eradicate separation. Eytan Fox, in THE BUBBLE ("Ha-Buah"), created a much-needed alternative view of schism, choosing to tell a story that contains fine humor, a lot of love and a taste of brutal reality. It's a window in a situation that begs the deal. In Tel Aviv, three close friends are roommates: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful young woman with strong opinions; Yali (Alon Friedman), a very homosexual young man who works in a popular cafe; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a pretty, somewhat shy, guy who, besides his everyday work in the music store, is a member of the National Guard and therefore spends his free time as a guardian at the checkpoints of city. During one of these weekdays he meets a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) and there is a mutual attraction. The three friends decide to "kill" the present illegal ashraf (which I call it an Israeli name) and while Ashraf and Noam set themselves up in a love affair, Yali hires Ashraf at the café and Yali and Lulu, also. Everything goes well until Ashraf has to return home for his sister's wedding. Although in Tel Aviv Ashraf was able to open homosexual with Noam, life is very different in Jerusalem: Ashraf is told that he must marry the sister of his sister's groom. In an attempt to save Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lulu hide as French reporters to gain access to Ashraf. At a time of supposed isolation, Noam and Ashraf are discovered grooming groom-to-be, and this act gives rise to blackmail for Ashraf to remain "in the closet." young people in Tel Aviv dance at an event to draw attention to peaceful coexistence, an attack that occurs in Jerusalem - one that has serious consequences not only immediately, but also in the revenge mission that Ashraf must now assume. The end is tragic on many levels and highlights how serious the problem is between these two countries. The act is so natural that, from both comic and tragic aspects, the audience really believes in these beautiful young people. The story finds the right balance between the grave and the light-hearted, and this balance is anything but Eytan Fox makes an excellent writer or director. More people should watch this important and very beautiful movie. In Hebrew, Arabic and English with subtitles. Grady Harp
