I'm currently on holiday in Israel for the summer, so I could see this incredible movie. A little warning before I start writing: I speak fluent Hebrew, so the Hebrew parties were no problem; however, about a quarter (a little less) of the film is in Arabic and I have not been able to understand a bit of this subtitled bit. This did not affect the understanding of the film, but it made me lose a few jokes that caused a few laughs in the theater. After a year of American Cinema, which many have hailed as one of many years for cinema and homosexual relationships, something special is really needed to sit the head and shoulders above the rest; however, "Bubble" surpasses everyone else with its mixture of excellent acts of action, spiritual dialogue and relevant political climate. The film opens at a checkpoint on the Israeli-Palestinian border; In the first few moments, we are not sure about the type of movie we entered. However, this is an important element of the power of this film. The political situation and extreme tension in the air are constantly in the background. Most importantly, Tel Aviv serves as a character in this film. It is constantly mentioned. Street names and restaurant names are constantly changed. The city and the city's development are criticized quite harshly, and eventually the city evolves along with the movie. The film focuses on the love of Noam (Ohad Knoller) and a Palestinian immigrant, Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), with companies in Tel Aviv and Palestine serving as a constant foil. We always know that their relationship is forbidden, and this creates a feeling of urgency rarely present in cinema. Love is incredibly strong and is at the bottom of the film. Secondary relationships and friendships are just as strong: the relationship between Yelli (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) and Golan (Zohar Liba), the owner of a flamboyant restaurant, is a source of fun. The scenes of love that are abundant in this film are fine artworks, fine craftsmanship, and cinema is stunning: in the first scene of the film's love, the camera shoots as a male character, giving Lulu (Daniela Virtzer) oral sex, and dissolve in a blow by Noam and Ashraf. This shot, any other, causes viewers to understand that all these relationships are expressions of the same form of love. To give more of the story would be a tragedy, but I know there is not a lot of political tensions and tragedies that draw attention to the current global political climate, so I will focus instead on the spiritual dialogue. Even when I watch this movie in the second language, I could not help laughing anymore. Private entertainment lines include the question of whether homosexual suicide bombers receive virgin women or men in heaven and a Sampson analogy in the Bible as the world's first suicide bomber. This dialogue shows a special feeling of purity and reality, which is rarely found in cinema. The music used in the film is also particularly strong. Music is used only when characters can or should be legitimately listened to, and in one scene music is weakened when a character removes a headset and stops when it removes the other. Elements like this really raise the movie. I could not give a bigger recommendation to a movie; this is a superb work of the cinema, which is both catharthic and extremely artistic.
