This first installment of Crispin Glover's personal magnum opus asks you to think a little, and therefore can not be recommended to any spectator who does not want to stand and bore Glover's pictures or to follow surprisingly simple but strangely obfuscated? the thread of his narrative. For the more common viewer, yes, it will probably go out like a confused motion of strange, surprising and disturbing images. <br /> <br /> You have a sense that Glover does not mind that this is the case, and he will almost hear with joy why someone hates the movie why he enjoys it. Glover's intent to his work and his work, and the way in which audiences interpret it, is strongly communicated not only through the film itself, but also through the unusual sessions of questions and answers that often take place in the show; he clearly hopes that people will continue to think about what he has presented. The easiest way to interpret and reject the film is to label it as Dada or nihilist, a minor attack on the modern cinema industry from an actor who worked both inside and outside. But there is one reason why Glover is presenting himself before he shows his movie and not only sells books; his books juxtapun and create a narrative of images and text that Glover has built together and what is it? similarly to the images extracted from Western culture. <br /> <br /> What is it? is an appealing and compelling film in ways that he does not expect hard to watch while watching. There has already been a lot of work on Glover's use of Down syndrome players, and indeed, this is one of the most striking aspects of the film. In fact, many of them seem to interpret it as a large crusade to see a more realistic and / or dignified portrayal of people with disabilities in film and television or, on the other end of the spectrum, as a direct exploitation of people with disabilities. But it is not, and perhaps part of what makes this movie so uncomfortable for many: the basic agenda is not a political or hateful one, but one to look beyond the main culture in some kind of ugliness outside. It's not a movie about Down's syndrome, but it's a movie that's owned by Down syndrome actors that appear in it. I am the kind of person who is wholly gung-ho when it comes to ugly and weird being portrayed so powerful that it is beautiful; happy for me, this is quite accurate as it is What is it? is presented to viewers. Glover uses strange pictures of snails, death, and people with disabilities, in part because he wants the audience to feel the inconvenience of either strange strange picture or visceral reaction to the dying cries of an anthropomorphic snail. In some respects, the oddly convincing (and sometimes grotesque) elements of What is it? to remember the work of the painter Francis Bacon? he of the infamous popes, yes, and the strange distortions of the human figure that inevitably make the viewers stray and want to look away. Like Bacon's paintings, Glover's film manages to be opulent and humble, grained and polished, chaotic and well-done? and contradictions help make it even worse. But yet this film is not entirely serious and largely manages to avoid the greatest pre-tension traps by using humor that mostly derives from the use (and juxtaposition) of familiar elements, images and names of popular culture . And when is it what it is? It's funny, it's very funny. Generally, what is it? is an impressive film from Glover as a director and writer, and his presence as an actor in the film proves to be not nearly the fun he could expect to have. Looking at being an observer in a dream that is not really good or bad, but just strange? and that lets you feel slightly dirty when you wake up. If this is the kind of art you enjoy, what is it? is likely to exceed your expectations and deserve the effort of catching it in the theater, alongside the Big Slide Show and Glover himself. On the whole, it is an unlikely experience to forget in the shortest time.
