It's a murder, Peter Ustinov, who infiltrates a British company, Texa-Conn or something like that, who is a computer expert and a security expert. He secretly learns to feed on his computer, while admiring the admiration of his boss, Karl Malden, the enemy of his office rival, Bob Newhart, and the love of his envoy secretary, Maggie Smith. of the business details were a bit troublesome for these business-oriented eyes, but they are quite credible and got the general idea. Ustinov, the peter Peter, sets up false business in Paris, Rome and Stuttgart, and uses Texa-Conn's computer to send all sorts of money to these ersatz units. Overseas companies, of course, are only self-styled, Ustinov, and the addresses are a loft of an abandoned artist in Paris, a barber shop in Rome and a bakery in Germany. He simply visits them to collect the checks he has sent himself. I did not think I would like it in the first few minutes, because it seemed rather on the slow side. I was expecting something faster and more indignant, along the lines of "The Panther Pink" or "The Lavender Hill Gang." But this movie insinuates you in your good graces as you come to appreciate the undervalued humor of plot, characterization and dialogue. Perhaps it would be a bad idea to give too many subtle ones, but here are some examples of the most observable ones. Ustinov to Secretary Smith: "Let me have the assets of these companies." Smith: "What are they?" Ustinov: "Small female donkeys." Now, nothing is done in this little exchange. There is a quick cut and no delay for any laughter, which is right because your reaction is more likely to be a smile than a laugh. Ustinov looks for that fad in Paris. It is covered with spider webs. Bricks are scattered around them and some of the former occupant's paintings have been left behind. The owner does not speak English, and Ustinov does not speak French. Ustinov points to a typical naked woman's painting and laughs: "Ah, a fety-tal, eh?" The owner chuckles the answers: "Vous le prenez pour une anee?" Ustinov: "Oh - ANNIE, so it's her name!" Owner: "Oui?" Ustinov: "Entente cordiale!" (If we mistaken those genders, I'm excused.) Bob Newhart as Willard Gnatpole (!) Has a noise for Maggie Smith and should drive her home, but tells him she's doing the "scenic route." There is an immediate sequence of suggestive traffic signs. "Caution." "Lay-By." "Give way." "Yield." Ending with the "STOP / CHILDREN" empire. There is another fitting when Ustinov's scheme is to be uncovered by the board of directors - unclear roofs, police cars, a hug from Maggie, ending with a sign: PRISON, Wormwood Scrubs. maybe more. I still can not overcome Malden as a boss, saying firmly, "I never agonize on the decisions," then eat a handful of pills and wash them with a glass of water. undoubtedly good. It is Bob Newhart's best role, for example. Not that he had so many, and not that his field was not limited, but he is perfect in this part. Laurie Johnson's musical score obviously had a very good effort put into it. Apparently he wrote a short concert for the flute. Ustinov's passion is music, and his overseas institutions are led by false names like Claude Debussy and Giacconino Rossini. Stuffman, the fake president, is someone named Schmidt, and it's an abnormal clinker. Maggi Smith is pretty, sexy, bourgeois, and turns out to be not as simple as it seems. Not at all pleasant, quiet, but do not expect comic fireworks.
