"Hot Millions" is a delightful comedy, which is even better due to the presence of the wonderful cast that is assembled for her. The film is a tribute to the genius of Peter Ustinov, who wrote the screen and appears as a key figure of a business murderer. The film, directed by Eric Till, does not show signs of being as terrible as others in that period. At the heart of the action is a friendly man, Marcus Pendleton, who, before being released from prison, sets the director's income tax forms, which is amazed at the government's reimbursement. Marcus, who is a genius in numbers, sees opportunities that others would not do. He starts to work for a company that uses the latest computer for his account, but Pendleton is a resource man who finds a way to take advantage of the system and set up different accounts in different parts of the continent. <br /> <br /> Marcus is called a secretary, who also happens to have an apartment in his building. Invisible Patty is seen as a bus-carrier, which manages to make misery. How to set up a job as a secretary is more than a deal, but things are never the same in the office when Willard Gnatpole decides to go after her, but she is not afraid, Patty's heart belongs to Marcus, who is a pianist and she's a whistle and they make beautiful music together. The best thing in the film is Peter Ustinov. He clearly understood how Marcus should play and run away with the movie. Mr. Ustinov gives a safe statement about the embezzler. Excellent Maggie Smith is also the best in Patty, a beautiful woman who adores Marcus and who turns out to be a genius when it comes to investing the money he finds in his pockets to Marcus. > Karl Malden is perfect as an American corporation. Bob Newhart also appears as Gnatpole, the man who wants Patty, but he can not make them pray. The wonderful Robert Morley is seen as Caesar Smith, whose identity Marcus has assumed. Cesar Romero also appears in a role as a cameo as an airport inspector. "Hot Millions" will delight all those looking for a fun time in the company of that unforgettable but charming character, Marcus Pendleton.
