This movie stood on my Tivo a few weeks before I looked at it. I was afraid of a self-indulgent scandal about injured relationships. I was wrong; this was an appealing trip to New York's neuralgic libidos. The format is the same as that of Max Ophuls "La Ronde," based on a piece of Arthur Schnitzler, "inspired by" credit. It starts from a person, a prostitute, on a street corner in Brooklyn. She is taken by an entrepreneur who has sex with her on the hood of a car, but she can not come in. She refuses to pay her. When she stops, she answers her cell phone and gets a message. to the entrepreneur who pays a professional call to a wealthy, bored woman in New York who plays with her until she wakes up, then moves away. She tells him how desperate and unhappy he is, he tells her how beautiful she is as she leaves, she asks if she would have sex with her, she stands up, climbs up and down, this time he comes, he goes away, the woman and her husband throw a party for their fashionable friends. Hubby (Robert) talks about business, so take (Ellen) gets bored and moves the subject of sex and how men and women often think about it. The husband switches conversation to the desert. Later, after the guests leave, Ellen tries to attract Robert into sex. Robert does not want any of them and makes a jazz record. Ellen switches on the radio; Robert brings music; Ellen switches on the TV; Robert turns into another TV. Cacophony occurs. Ellen climbs on the roof, Robert joins her. Ellen confesses she needs to experience more men, men than Robert. Robert says he also needs to experience men. We then follow Robert when he visits an artist, Martin, played by Steve Buscemi. I want Buscemi to have more roles like this, where she is a sexy, intelligent, totally desirable type. Robert praises Martin's work, much more than he deserves, promises to bring him into a show. Martin is excited, until Robert turns out to be thick, it's a mating dance. Robert tries to kiss Martin on his lips, and Martin retires, saying he's not homosexual. Robert says he's not gay, Martin's getting away. Both admit that artworks are bad. Robert is about to leave when Martin lets Robert kiss him. They do it, and Robert goes to Martin. We're following Martin, preparing us for an art exhibition at a Manhattan gallery. It's hit by receptionist Anna, played by Rosario Dawson. (He had to cut some of this review to keep it under 1000 words) ... and they love each other. We're following Anna, sitting at a lunch table. Her boyfriend, Nick (Adrian Grenier), comes in, wearing flowers. He's cold to him; he's trying to figure out why. He convinces them that he had sex with someone while he was in San Francisco. She convinces him that he stayed with his ex-gentleman in San Francisco and had sex with her. The last revelation turns out to be a lie. The two of them are making lunch, but they decide to break apart. Nick is defeated. And we follow Nick, who confesses his problems with an older woman he meets on a park bench, Joey (Carol Kane). Joey is a bit weird and childish, but he's a good audience for Nick, who needs a nice ear. The two go to Coney Island at night and look at the stars. Nick is under the spell of Joey, despite the age difference between them. They return to Joey's apartment, and Nick gradually realizes he's going to have sex with a crazy woman. She's over it, she does not want to let him go. But, he manages to escape. (By the way, Carol Kane's best role since playing Latke's wife in the Taxi.) Joey's phone rings and is a man who calls the network of psychic friends, and Joey is one of the psychic friends. Although she still hurts Nick, she gradually enters her psyche. The man is at his office late at night, and wants to have sex with her. Although it is not Joey's business, Joey goes and defeats the man who comes. He wants to continue talking, although the man wants to get out of the phone and learns he has hijacked a lot of money from his company and will be found tomorrow. His life is ruined. Joey realizes that the man will commit suicide and tries to make him think he is a friend, that he cares about him. And she's taking care of him. But the man packs a gun in his briefcase and goes looking for a prostitute on the Brooklyn seafront and we go back to the same prostitute who started at Ronde. He wants to give him $ 75,000 in cash if he's going to kill him. He tried to commit suicide, but he failed. The prostitute does not want to do it, but she insists, holding her hand, holding the gun in her mouth, telling her where to target. Finally, the gun goes out, and we see the prostitute walking on the street and reaching the corner where he does business. The entrepreneur who did not pay it earlier in the movie stands up, down the window. They look at each other. THE END.
