The origins of this movie are a mystery to me because I know just as much as the IMDB before I rent it. I suppose before the "Starship Trojans", "Killshot" was one of the many unauthorized pilots that never managed to travel, by cable or otherwise. The new title of "Kill Shot" is comic stripped in the opening sequence, the first of many quick hints that this has never been for cinema. Rapid cuts, "Melrose Place" music, and short two-second photos made by the main actors let you know what you are. And it does not bother me all. We rented this movie seeing the repackaging that put Casper Van Dien and Denise Richards on the cover of a volleyball network, thinking it would be fun to see them in a movie, besides the SciFi Troop Starship (a great book, in my opinion, not such a hot movie - but that's another review). After looking at IMDB, my roommate and I assumed the pilot was dragged after the apparent success of Troopers and Richards (see Bond-Girl and Wild Things references here). They threw in a sex scene involving a minor character to reach the R-rate coveted status - coveted in video suspension slots, that is. In any case, we should have left it untapped if you try to sell it in the suspension / softcore section. Everything is fun. I do not like to ruin the fun of telling you he's a TV pilot, though. That was the biggest attraction while you looked at it - when you expect a cinema movie and have a TV show, the differences between them will be clearer than usual. Would I rent again? Not. Would I watch the TV show? Well, why is not it better than Baywatch. And their weak attempts to reach all the demographics would have done well in the mid-1990s. The Token black guy (who is gay to avoid the TV tab of the inter-racial encounter), Asian token (Japanese, I suppose from the Koji name) more adept at science and computers than talking to beautiful, smart Latina pre-med women the student has everything she does for her, except for her family's bank account - this show would probably have done well. But as a movie, it just breaks me. out of 10, considering what it was and what it was forced to become. It made for a very pleasant evening, and that's all I have to rent.
