What else can I say? The Americans have forgotten him totally because the American cutting was so bad, though you could detect the basic benevolence in it. Speaking of the American theater release (along with the newly released version of Blu-ray Disc) is quicker and closer than cutting HK, background music has all been changed from dark, gloomy HK music to hip-hop music; and many terrible scenes have been eliminated. Although dubbing was a notable job, as they tried to capture the voice and tone of the original actor. But the problem is Hak Hap (Black Mask) The movie was designed and meant to be dark, grim, super-disturbing and completely frightening. Unfortunately, the American press reduced only the cream it wanted, which in turn changed the subtlety of the film completely (the HK release was rated at 18+) to make it even more fun and amateur. Now let's talk about the original HK Liberation. This movie is like a hidden jewel, a prototype for the entire "matrix", the tide and the age. The battle scenes are absolutely awesome even the chamber works were a bit "old" in the HK films. Still, the style of the created film was a unique blend of Kungfu and pop culture. With all skin, black costumes and decorations, this film features a batman superhero, in a black mask, against a gang of super-multinational soldiers headed by a heavy metal punk rock boss. Yes, it sounds like the imagination of a retarded child, but it works. It's so impressive that the entire movie will give you nightmares with strangers fighting a battle of blood in leather clothes. In 2002 they made a sequel with a PG-13 rating, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad it was because Li and Liu were the main characters of the movie and they had strong personalities and an interesting friendship. And did I mention Francois Yip? Its rounded blow was totally cool, even cooler than the bastard, for not using a stunt for all the battles. Did I say he's also smoking hot? Anyway, there are plenty of things to please the movie. However, the film has also suffered a lot of problems. First of all, it is a mediocre scenario at the best potential, which means that this production team deserves a better screenwriter. There are a lot of highlights in the 100 minutes, but they often felt too much and did not make sense to the public (the American version was even worse because all the character's evolutions were cut). However, you can not ask too much for a comic-inspired action movie. Also, this movie is completely inappropriate for children. I will not recommend it if you are less than 20 years old. It is saturated with disturbing contents, including blood, gore, sado-maso suits, extreme brutal violence and so on. Along with the style of the movie, it can be called a wet dream for fans of mass rock music and action fans. (US cutting was easier, but if you want to see it, see the HK version for what it is.) 7/10. Status: inspired, hidden, undervalued, adult.
