It is unusual to see a movie where the performance of a single actor is so good that someone can feel the film have a low interest, if any, without its presence. Despite an unresolved direction - in fact, there are many scenes that seem to have been drawn too quickly and worried - a seemingly low budget, a strange plot about a man who wants to take the place of a defrauded priest and another week, the presence Pierre Fresnay is so impressive that he is shocked from the terrible beginnings. I have never seen and can not even make a better performance for the future, even Paul Scofield acting in "A man for all seasons". In fact, the end could be considered ridiculous if Fresnay did not play the cut priest who would return to the Church by committing a crime. "It is suis Maurice Morand, prètre catholique" ("I am Maurice Morand, a Catholic priest") is said with such brilliance that he can look at the mad ness who was led for that purpose. The other impressive thing this movie has is a single scene in which Morand - who, despite being defrauded, is the style of a priest - places a huge amount of vine in a cabaret transforming it into the blood of Christ . Gerard - the man who wants to turn Morand back to the Church or replace him alone - must drink it if he does not want to leave him in the cabaret. He does this in the midst of applause and applause from people who think he is simply drinking three of four liters of vine. In the next scene, the dialogue between Morand and a garbage collector is also remarkable. - And you let people go? asks Morand, who hates himself for what he has just done. "That would be too much work" is the intelligent answer. The rest of the movie is not worth commenting, but it's worth seeing because of the very strong and weird emotions created all the time. <br /> <br /> I think "Le défroqué" is a very strange movie, but it has to be seen by all viewers - if they are good Catholics it is mandatory - because it is a very rare film in the history of the film. <br /> <br />
