David Lynch usually makes movies that look like puzzles that are wrong. It's interesting to look and think, but do not really gel in your mind. Perhaps art will always mean the most to its creator. Straight Story is not a typical David Lynch movie. Not that there is anything typical of them anyway. It is a odyssey through rural America. A Real Life Trip Alvin Straight took a lawn mower to reach the house of his brothers. He traveled 300 miles from Laurens, Iowa to Mt. Zion, Wisconsin to make a fine to his sick brother for past crimes. At the heart of this film is sweetly expressed Richard Farnsworth. He brings Alvin Straight straight to us in a simple and honest way. The fact that the film is slowly heading to fit Alvin's slow journey. Alvin meets a confused and frightened young woman. She is pregnant and has decided to flee her situation. After listening to Alvin talking about the family, she reconsidered. Later, Alvin confesses that a distraught woman kills a deer with her car. He complains that he killed more and left. Alvin feels bad, but he's smart enough to cook a piece of meat that night. Later Alvin's lawn mower loses his brakes and almost kills him. A cute man and his wife let him stay in their yard while fixing him. They even let him call his sweet but slow daughter, played beautifully by Sissy Spacek, haunted by a terrible tragedy in her past. Alvin insists on paying for the call. The man even offers to lead Alvin to his brothers with pleasure. Alvin escapes with thanks. While Alvin is waiting, he also goes to a bar with an old man who discusses the hardness of the war and the price they have taken over their souls. Alvin even confesses a fatal mistake he made as a sniper who has ever haunted him. Alvin also meets two brothers who have repaired the mower. He speaks in price wisely, urging them to do their high work and repair the costs. He really helps them to appreciate each other by learning from his own mistakes with his brother. The night Alvin leaves the man's court takes his hat on him. The man tells him it was an honor to let him sit and ask Alvin to write to him. This scene is perfect in its simplicity. She is sincere because she is so straightforward, so real. The journey continues and we can not get involved more and more. We want Alvin to reach his brothers. We want to fine him. We want to know that this world is full of forgiveness. This was Richard Farnsworth at the best. This was his last film and his performance was amazing. You can only help to understand his pride, to listen to his wisdom, and ultimately to feel his pain. One gets taken with him as the man who offers him the back yard to stay there. If there is justice in later life, then Alvin Straight, his brother and Richard Farnsworth are together sitting at a bar. I can imagine the discussions about their lives, regrets, hopes and joys. As Alvin says in the film, "My brother and I are staring at the stars." I know everyone has the best vision in the house.
