After the release of The Straight Story in 1999, he was praised because it was David Lynch's first film that ignored his routine themes of macabre and surreal. Based on a true story of a man and his journey to visit his alien brother on a John Deere '66 grass mower, at first glance it's a strange story for Lynch to straighten. However, as the story develops, you can see some of Lynch's trademark reasons through it. Lynch's fire on small America and its inhabitants is still as prevalent as in previous efforts, such as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, but the most notable difference is that weirdness is worsened. Restrictions imply that the film has the notoriety of being one of the few live action films I can think of as having a G rating. Incredibly significant, these films are proof that beautiful and meaningful family movies can be produced. Straight Story was the first feature that Lynch guided her where she had no hand in writing. For many followers of Lynch, this was a huge negative point. Almost universally acknowledged, James Brundage's only too negative review at filmcritic.com focused on this very critical one, that it was not a typical Lynch movie. "Lynch fights in the mold of a story that is not his." Brinkage claims, with his protagonist Alvin Straight "quoting direct lines from Confucious." He claims the story is weak and the dialogue is even worse. However, this is the only criticism that many will read for the film. Although it's true that it's not Lynch in the sense of Eraserhead, Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive - all the movies I also love The Straight Story present another part of Lynch, which is not at all terrible. If you are a fan of Lynch, it is very important to separate that part of Lynch from this feature. The narrative is slow and thoughtful, which gives you a real sense of the protagonist's thoughts as he travels to his destination. Alvin always remembers his past and his relationships with his wife, children, and brother. However, it is especially important that there are no flashbacks that add only the effect that reminded me of my conversations with my grandparents. The conclusion is that I see how a ship is transported on a slow river and it is nice to look. The natural landscapes of the US are enhanced and, along with Angelo Badalamenti's beautiful soundtrack, make me want to go to America. Performances are also excellent with each credible actor in their roles, and Richard Farnsworth is particularly excellent. His Oscar nomination was highly deserving and it was a shame he did not win. Regardless, however, it is probably the best swan song for any actor. <br /> <br /> So, while The Straight Story does not contain any of Lynch's complex stories or trademark dialogue, the movie is a fascinating study of the old character and comes highly recommended!
