Who would have thought a movie about a man driving a few hundred miles on the lawn mower to see his brother could be a good cinema? I certainly did not. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the most boring experiences in my life. Well, I was just as wrong as I did not do too often, because this is one of the best, most realistic and honest Hollywood films I've ever seen ... Offering a short CV from The "straight story" is not very difficult. It's about an old and stubborn man walking on a lawn and going to another state to pay his brother a visit when he hears that the man has suffered a severe accident. That's already special, but what makes it even more special is that he did not see his brother in ten years because of a bad argument. Meanwhile, he has bad luck and problems, but he also encounters a lot of people whose life influences one way or another the philosophical approach of life. In spite of all the difficulties that he leads for weeks, not knowing whether he will achieve his goal: to see his brother before it is too late ... I can easily understand why people are not like this film and this is the reason why I will not say that these people do not have a heart or things like that ... This movie has no scene of flashy action, it is as slow as the grass mower man is driving on and not , you do not have to watch it for the beautiful soundtrack either because there is none. But why should you watch it? Well, the simple answer is the story. I have not seen such an exciting movie, with such a strong story, how often, and the fact that it actually comes from Hollywood and, to make things even better, from Disney Studios (so the same studios that overwhelm us with sweet nonsense sugar) make it even more special. I'm not ashamed to admit that I had tears in my eyes several times as I watched her, probably because the whole situation of not seeing someone for many years because of a bad argument is too realistic for me. > <br /> Some will argue that the story is very shallow, but I really do not agree with it. Maybe it happens because they see only the old man who runs the lawnmower and does not want to think anymore. If you look close enough than you will understand that this man is doing all this because he knows he was deceived once, that only his pride was in the way of seeing his brother again and that he wants others to see it too, so they will not make the same mistake. If this is not deep enough, how much does a story have for you then? <br /> <br /> I would also like to add that this movie really had everything. Some beautiful landscapes (eventually an American film showing something other than the New York skyline, Chicago or another big city), some extremely well acting by Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek, ... and a very easy way understood, despite the fact that this is a David Lynch movie. I know now that I was completely wrong assuming that this movie would not suit my taste. It's one of the best movies I've ever seen. This movie targeted my heart and hit the bull's eye. I give him the whole 10/10.
