"A truly enjoyable story with a moral about brotherly love" describes this strange film David Lynch. This was especially "strange" because it was not the kind of film Lynch had put in the last 15-20 years. These were dark and shocking movies (Blue Velvet, Wild At Heart, Mulholland Drive) and this is the opposite. I know he disappointed a lot of fans. Others were delighted with this. Count me as one of the latter, and I also have all three "dark" movies. This was another supposedly real-life story, detailing the journey of an old man into a grass-cutter from West Iowa to Wisconsin to see his sick brother he did not speak for years , but wants to see before the latter die. Well, I assume this premise - an old man driving a 400-kilometer lawn mower - still makes this movie "weird," so Lynch remains in character with that! <br /> <br /> Richard Farnsworth plays the lead role. He is the type of guy typical, loud, with a good voice, with a low level of personality, which he likes almost everyone. Wrinkles on his face tell a lot of story. It was so sad to hear what happened to him in real life a year after the movie was released. The first 25 minutes of this film are not too many and not always enjoyable (Sissy Spacek) and her tragic past, but once Alvin Straight (Farnsworth) begins her journey, the story rises. I played this for many friends and they thought the movie NEVER took it, but I'm more generous with that. I think it's a hidden gem. For them, it was a sleeping pill. I found my journey quite fascinating, but you must first realize that there will not be a Lynch crime story. It's slow and if it's okay with you, you might like it. The charm enters the image of some people Alvin encounters on the road, like a wretched girl running away and some good men who helped the old man when he got into trouble. (Henry Cada as "Daniel Riordan, it's a standout on this.") Harry Dean Stanton gets the third billing, but that's a joke: he's only in the last few minutes of the movie! The Iowa landscape has spent many years and I can testify the hills and the rich soil ... It's a beautiful state with dwarven people ... like this movie.
