Perhaps more than one movie, it is not for everyone. For some people, the idea of ​​slowing down, reflecting and allowing things to happen in their own time is a good description of their personal hell. For others, such an approach refers to a deep part of themselves that they know they exist, a part they want to contact. I suppose it is a function of the place where I am in my life today, but I count myself in the camp of the latter group. I found the meditative rhythm of this almost hypnotic film, guiding me slightly in a mythological realm. This is indeed a travel story, a rich portrayal of the distance that many of us have to travel if we reach a complete circle at the end of our days. Much more about what I wrote about Alvin's presentation by Mr. Farnsworth Right, although I'm not sure there are words expressing the refined balance of sad sadness and the wise innocence he has created for us. Knowing now that he really matched his own mortality while sitting in the tractor seat makes me want to have had the opportunity to spend time with him before his departure. I hope he had a small glow of satisfaction and the truth that he brought so many people not only to "act", but also to share his absolute humanity with brutal honesty. Given the realities of production, I'm not sure Lynch was given full credit for the courage she showed, allowing the story to grow so slowly. An outsider for film production, however, I understand that there are several areas of modern life in which the expression "time is money" is so precise descriptive. Going deep into our hearts is not an adventure that can be accelerated, and, on our own initiative, Mr. Lynch seems to have understood that he is not just telling a story - he invites viewers to spend some time with their own mortality. No simple task, that. If you want to experience the power of the movie to make you present your particular precious part, you could do worse than spending a few hours with The Straight Story. And then, giving you some time for the next period, just listening to his echoes in the small hours of the night.
