It's hard to find a bad historical drama that relies on the lives of any number of British monarchs. Take only a well-respected British or Australian actor, make things look pretty, and guarantee a formula for Oscar success. Young Victoria is no exception, to get everything right, striking and beautiful cinema with soft lights and lush colors and fabrics. With Emily Blunt in the role she can begin with, the film begins with Victoria's 18th anniversary and heads for the intrigue and trouble surrounding his eventual rise to the throne and his famous marriage to Prince Albert (Rupert Friend). As young Victoria complains, she moved like a chess pawn of a variety of parties as she finds her foot and voice as one of the most influential British rulers. While this movement around chess is quite typical territory, it's the development of Victoria's relationship with Albert, which makes the movie somewhat more interesting. I confess: I have a history degree with a specialization in the Victorian era, so I'm a little attached to these figures. Despite their many defects as rulers, Victoria and Albert were some of the first leaders to improve civilization for their people. They have left their inheritance in art, in public health and education, and in conservative visions of Victoria, and in the mourning culture after Albert's death. But these things are just a short note during the movie. It is quite well established that Victoria and Albert not only were in love madly, but have maintained a level of respect for each other, usually unseen among monarchs in arranged marriages. Even if it appeared behind the scenes, it was certainly one of the best known. Blunt and boyfriend have just the right kind of chemistry to make the famous couple of justice, the right mix of restraint and despair. It's a different love, which is not usually displayed on the screen, especially in this type of movie. It is encouraging to finally see a relationship in which the man and the woman are in a field of equality. But we do not get that enough love. While scriptwriters try to match business with political troops, they do not create enough force to maintain high tension. Also, without going to a more important public work of the couple, things feel a little in the limbo, superficial instead of intimate and sometimes confusing. It's not as big a problem in the movie, but after that, the effects run out pretty quickly and you find yourself trying to remember what you've been watching, despite the perfect performance of the leaders, the most noticeable Blunt, the monarch's famous expressions. <br /> <br /> For how long she tries, Victoria succeeds on several levels but does not have a certain spark that would take her from solid to classic.
