It was only when it was easy to assume that a costume of royal costumes could not go anywhere but that we were given a treat, a moving and intelligent drama, anchored by the powerful and charismatic performances of Emily Blunt, a masterpiece in the lead role, Paul Bettany , Rupert Friend, Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong, as immediate forces that help build the development of one of England's most powerful monarchs. "The Young Victoria" dramatizes the tumultuous transition of the young man into power. Emily plays the queen, with a good combination of force and innocence, someone who recognizes the complexity of the task at hand, but who has enough confidence to advance. She is capable of portraying Victoria, a young woman who knows she needs support from some key players and she must be able to stand up against those who may now have her interests at hand. a barrage of intrusions on the road to the crown, and even when it assumes the new position, it discovers that the road to self-sufficiency will depend on making very important decisions and, of course, the proper support. Fortunately for Victoria, there is Albert, a man who seems to like her and is her soul mate. There is amazing chemistry between the two artists and there is no doubt about the outcome, but there is also the figure of Prime Minister Bettany, a man who offers Victoria wise support and she likes it too. <br /> Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shine in supporting roles as two parties that may be questionable and exert a considerable amount of power in raising young girls. Each of the supporting characters could use a little more development but what we see in the screen might be enough to focus on the central character and superb performance of Blunt, an actress who showed enough fire and passion in previous performance. Here is assigned the essential role of his career, a real historical figure who has broken the rules and has managed to pronounce for a very long time. It shows the seeds of power and character that the monarch might have needed in recent years. She also has a sweetness and innocence that has become the foundation of her charity work and future interventions in social change. "Young Victoria" is not an epic royal portrayal of the ruling class of England. It is an intimate story about how human beings grow and what special circumstances surround and shape them. Eventually, the movie is a wonderful entry in a year that put much emphasis on war and destruction. Here, there is a message that good writing and good mediation can take us very far and there is, of course, an old-fashioned love story.
