Who knew? Danube Queen Victoria, the lively monarch who was a virtual relic for 40 years after the death of her husband, Prince Albert, has in fact led a life full of drama and intrigue in her younger days. "The Young Victoria" not only chronicles the romance of the young queen with her husband, but also a good job of detailing the political machinations that surround them on the throne. After the death of Victoria's father, the Duke of Kent, in 1820, less than a year after Victoria's birth, the Kent duchess eventually ended up with former Army officer John Conroy has insisted that Victoria be raised under the "Kensington system" atrophy, rules designed to prevent the future Queen from contacting other children as it grows, Victoria was forced to sleep in her mother's bedroom every day until she became Queen. The film explains that in 1830 Parliament adopted the Regency Act, which established that Mother Victoria would become regent (and therefore) in the case in which Victoria joined the throne while still minor.This time, the Duchess and Conroy tried to intimidate the unfortunate princess and insisted on signing works that made Conroy secretary and safe The powerful Lord Victoria would have had nothing, and he refused to go along with the plans of Conroy and his mother. The Duchess did not like King William when he regarded him as a disrespectful companion to the Monarchy; the king felt the Duchess did not respect his wife. As a result, the duchess tried to limit Victoria's contact with the king. In a scene from the beginning that seemed to have taken place in history, the King beat the duchess at his birthday banquet stating that it was his goal of surviving until Victoria was 18, so that her mother not to become a regent. King William kept his word and died shortly after Victoria became eligible to join the throne. Victoria has avenged her mother for her support for Conroy, whom she accused of making her childhood so miserable. They were both exiled to a secluded apartment in Buckingham Palace, and for a few years Victoria had little contact with her mother. "The Young Victoria" conveys the love and the surrounding circumstance of Victoria's crowning as a queen. A good part of the film deals with Victoria's relationship with Lord Melbourne, the prime minister of the Whig party, which, unfortunately, is described in the film much younger than it actually was. At first Melbourne gains the confidence of the young Queen and they become good friends. In his early years, he sees Melbourne as progressive, but later he loses respect for him to some extent, as he reveals that he is a typical politician, hiding his contempt for the masses he was supposed to promote. In fact, Melbourne was more like Victoria's father, but the film indicates a sexual tension between Prime Minister and Prince Albert as if he were a Romanian rival. The land thickens when Melbourne is forced, and the queen has to offer Sir Robert Peel, from the conservative Tory party, as the new prime minister. The film chronicles the "Bedroom Crisis" events, in which Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace part of her sleeping ladies with the wives of Tory politicians. The film leaves another scandal that involved a lady Hastings, one of the ladies waiting for the lady, who was accused of having an affair with John Conroy and having become pregnant with him. Because of his hatred for Conroy, Victoria contributed to the ugly rumors about the spread of Hastings's alleged pregnancy. As it turned out, Hastings appeared only pregnant, which actually had an abdominal tumor. Victoria's experience shows us during the Bedchamber crisis, but film writers ignore some of the most disadvantaged aspects of his character, highlighted by the Hastings business. The rest of the "Young Victoria" deals with the romanticism between the queen and Prince Albert. Victoria kept Albert's expectation, as the film clearly illustrates, as she wanted to become accustomed to her duties as the new sovereign. They spent an appropriate period of time with each other until Albert returned to England and offered Victoria support during the Bedchamber crisis. We have found a great deal of parallel between Prince Albert and Prince Philip, the current Queen's husband. While Philip is mainly Danish, he went to school in Germany and had laws that were of German origin. Both Albert and Philip have done business to reform the label in the Court (it is an extraordinary scene in which Albert discovers that the servants still give a meal to King George III, even though he has died for years!). Albert's fight was the same for Philip as the spouses of the monarchs, they had to find something to do. Both Albert and Philip have been involved in various civic projects and have demonstrated that they should not live in the shadow of their increasingly wives. Fortunately, there is an excellent scene at the end of the movie where Albert infuriates Victoria with what she perceives as "interference" in her affairs. Albert does not want a second "bedroom crisis," so he gets over his wife's head and arranges a compromise involving the ladies of Victoria's bedroom. Victoria is not talking to Albert when the bullets of the assassins cut them off almost on both sides (in the movie Albert is shot in the arm, but this has not happened!). The performances of the film are excellent uniforms, especially directors, Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. Young Victoria ends pretty suddenly, and closing credits tend too much to hagiography (no mention of Victoria's depression after Albert's death). But "Victoria" is still an interesting drama and a fascinating lesson of history.
