I was initially forced to attend my wife, being fascinated by royal families in the UK and their history, and she will not go to the cinema without me. Although viewers should not expect to be electrified, this film is very well done and the visual aspect is secondary. In many ways, it helps to wipe out the myth that Victoria was a miserable horrible woman who is seen in the photos. She was intelligent and according to the history of her early years, a loving young woman. Her love for Albert was the essence of true love, and even if you only counted the number of children she wore (9), they must have had a passionate relationship. All of this is well supported in the film. For this purpose, the distribution was well-selected with both Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend, delivering sound performance like Victoria and Albert. SPOILER ALERT Historical precision is somewhat questionable because Prince Albert shot while defending Victoria. At least one assassination attempt took place when they were together, but nobody was hit by the shooting. I also found it strange that little was done to extend the relationship between the intimate relationship between Mother Victoria and Sir John Conroy. It is quite likely that this relationship was the true reason for Victoria's disapproval for both her mother and Conroy. I also found it strange that there was an attempt to describe the relationship between Victoria and Lord Melbourne as erroneously romantic or, at least, having the potential to become romantic. He was already at the age of 50 when Victoria came to the throne and while the marriages between older men and young women were common in that era, the film interprets Melbourne as a special and rival to Prince Albert. It seems they were rivals for Albert, but she could not have married just under her life station, and Albert was just a hand that would have been acceptable in any case. have spent worse moments at the cinema, and the points of confusion with my wife can not be bad.
