Due to the misfortune of Queen Victoria, she is defined as a historical figure in relation to her relationships with men. Almost after she succeeded on the throne, she came under the influence of Prime Minister Lord Melbourne, as she became known as "Mrs. Melbourne." After the death of his beloved husband, Albert, he was called "Windsor widow," and after years of long friendship with her Scottish ghillie, John Brown, she called him "Mrs Brown". in a patriarchal society. The reality is somewhat different, and Young Victoria goes some way to make the right record, representing the queen as an intelligent and independent young woman, aware of the inequities in her society and her yard. Courts have always been the focus of swallowing jealousy, plotting and countering, empty ambition, and sometimes a total crime. As an innocent for 18, Victoria climbed to his uncle's throne, initiating a positive orgy of intrigues and a power struggle between Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and his rival Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne cuts a border like the old man in the old public school, his well-finished cynicism, and his stunning stones. It is not surprising that the young queen feels frightening of him and perhaps even a little love, an astonishment that exploits him ruthlessly, drawing a perfect line between the seduction attempt and the attempt to avenge himself, while forcing his policy against the best judgments of Victoria. Prince Albert is heading to the arena on a mission from King Leopold of Belgium, eager for the political rapprochement between the UK and the rest of Europe. At first, a reluctant sovereign, soon falls in love with the English queen and weakens the influence of politicians and courtiers. "Young Victoria" is a beautiful, brilliant and very sumptuous movie. I notice he was criticized in some places for this sumptuousness, as if a movie about nineteenth-century English would have somehow looked like India's queen and her family living in rags in a dirty house .... .... I do not think. I have to admit the remarkable Miss Emily Blunt, whose beauty reminded me of the young Princess Margaret. Hers is obviously the central role and has absolutely no problem dominating the movie, despite the strong performances of Mr. Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson and Miss Harriet Walter, all of them with more experience. Music is properly royal and forms a coherent part of the entire film without being obstructed in any way. The fact that Britan bloomed more under the two great queens, Elizabeth first and Victoria, than ever, is a matter that the Femini would like to do more, but I suspect that, like Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, the discomfort. you can find out why a doctorate might be. in her.
