Generally, I thought it was a very beautiful movie - I do not like to use the word "nice", it's pretty dry, but it was very nice to watch and the central performances of Rupert Friend and Emily Blunt were very strong . What I liked most was that, despite the brilliant aesthetics of costumes and settings, all gilded and brilliant, this aspect never took over the heart of the film, which was written well and strong (thanks to Julian Fellowes: D) ; nothing so flamboyant or saturated with the pump, that is, it is not very sensationalized (when Victoria is kept out of bed to be informed that she is now the Queen, you could not get a less charming crown). He was gentle, and each line of film retained its value. Undoubtedly, the portrayal of love between Victoria and Albert, though somewhat of a fairy tale, was actually a slow candle, and Friend and Blunt did well to show how effortlessly they met with these two men, despite the fact that the union was initially arranged (my brother was when they came home after the hunt, and Victoria simply embraced her new husband in the back, which is about the movie). Blunt has kept her beauty, she has a face that calls for attention, and I can not mention the costumes she wears - each superbly. If I was Blunt, I'd have trouble breaking up with any of them! The other members of the ensemble played their role well, Harriet Walter as Queen Adelaide being a climax. The only calm I have is that she does not have an urgent feeling or an event that might have made the movie a little more exciting? (It was pretty tame) I do not know, I wanted something to happen to make Victoria pull out some strength and prove it's worth a little more. When she and Albert argued, I liked it, I could have made some dramatic pivotal moments, though it could be just me. Finally, at the risk of sounding all patriotic, he renewed some kind of pride and astonishment in the crown, and why he needed to be in such a position, especially in such a young man. This may be partly due to the fact that Victoria's younger life is immediately fit to what I write for my character in "The Sword & The Scion," but he nevertheless signaled these feelings to those who follow my book, can you guess which character reflects Victoria so well?) It could have been in part the film that showed how ridiculous the government was in those times, because they did not seem to give a second noise to the poor and deprived of the nation, renews his appreciation that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert have been so active in this area. This has made the government seem rather useless - nothing has changed much since then. I assume BLOG on movies and books: http://sempergratis.blogspot.com
