What else can we say? I was not fascinated by a young actress since Cate Blanchett broke out on stage ten years ago. And although both Blanchett and Blunt have now played Queens (seems to be the point of reference for actresses up and coming), the roles are opposite contradictory polar. Simply put yourself if you are looking for a high passion, and machiavel intrigues, this movie is not for you. This does not mean that the script or the direction was bad, since the subject of the film did not lead a life too drastically compared to other notable royalists such as Elizabeth I, Anne Boylen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II and Elainor de Acquitane. These are people whose lives were like good soaps and whose policies and decisions altered the British course and, in most cases, the history of the world. Instead, Victoria ascended the throne without incident, quasi-ruled a nation that quickly became a global power due to the industrialization and growth of the navy, its state had a stable government, led by competent and dynamic politicians, and married young people had a harmonious family life. The deeds of her life are not Sturm und Drag, like powerful stories. The heart of the film, in addition to trying to dramatize her thrilling growth and machinations around the throne, is the story of what was really shocking and surprising about her reign - a love story. Marriage made for financial or political reasons is motivated not necessarily by the place where we must seek the trembling passion of the world, but Victoria will always be remembered in history as marital fidelity, happiness and an ideal family life. Thus, the center of the film is the beloved love of Victoria and her prince Albert. I was really taken with the characterization of Rupert Friend by Albert, whom he interpreted as a good, patient, seriously young man and perhaps a naive boy, looking to "do good in the world and help." In short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic figure to create a drama around, but since this is not the point in the story, it does not matter. The heart of the character shines with thanks to Friend's slim performance but seriously. <br /> <br /> As for the Queen, well .. Emily Blunt is sublime. Her beauty can not be denied, but it is more than something quite viewed; her face is like a quick meal because of its expressiveness. The smallest eyebrow arch, a glance at the eye, or a hoarse smile gives so much. Again, this is not a bombastic performance of heavy speeches and passionate advocacy, it's not a kind of movie. But what Mrs Blunt is doing is to show the simple mankind of the character with a strong subtlety. <br /> <br /> For example, we see the vivre that was kept under control by mother Victoria (Miranda Richardson) and her counselor / boyfriend, Conroy, expressed in simple things as Victoria tries to sketch her dog. We see her delight and delight at her first encounter with Albert, her eyes always drawn to him. We see it nervous and overwhelmed when we addressed Parliament to His Ascension. And my favorite scene of the movie - we see her nervous, happy and hopeful as she turns to do what most women really have to never do in their lives - asks the man who loves to get married with her, such a ridiculous proposal for those times (and some would say now) that Victoria bursts into nervous laughter before even saying "marry me." Again, this is not a movie about higher-than-life expressions, but more a study into the subtleties of a character and making little things say so much. So, in general, the movie of what it is and what it tried to do, and as such, give it a 7. I felt that part of politics could be better explained and that some very good actors were wasted a little development and little development of the character, namely Miranda Richardson as the duchess of Kent and the characters of Conroy and Lord Peal. Again, the film did not have to spend much of the time on those characters, but less exposure would have helped explain the political environment. I would also like to have seen more adaptation to the married life between Victoria and Albert, but that could be just my greed for several scenes between my boyfriend and Blunt. In conclusion, I do not see this movie in terms of historical drama, but for what is truly a love story between two characters that happen to be historical figures. Give this movie a solid movie for wonderful lead performances, brilliant costumes and landscapes and the magnificent Victoria of Emily Blunt. And whoever has a romance story went into them, you will be touched by the end of this film. God saves the queen.
