Should you have someone hold your hand whenever you go up the stairs or up? If others taste your food before eating it? Are you confronted with an over-carrier mother? These are just a few of the obstacles that young Victoria confronts in this film (there are also the various struggles of force that take place, as well as the attempts on her life). Undoubtedly, it makes a very fascinating and informative view. Just before I saw Emily Blunt in The Devil Wears Prada (and something else). While in that movie, she is again standout here. I was extremely impressed by her portrait of young Victoria and I thought she took the role very well. She makes the transition from the young Victoria we meet at the beginning of Queen Victoria's movie, then becomes entirely credible. Blunt is perfectly expressed in the role, showing all the different sides (from the vulnerable to the strong ones, from young Victoria making mistakes to the Queen who takes control). There's nothing to say about Emily Blunt in this role. She is simply refined, giving you every second on the screen. She keeps you caught up to the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> Rupert Friend proves to be well expressed and in the interest of love Victoria (and eventually husband), Prince Albert. The actors have beautiful chemistry and you absolutely believe in their developing relationship. They have disagreements, but you can say they are in love. Blunt and friend are excellent in every scene I share and keep you interested in what is happening between Victoria and Albert. The other actors in the film are also very good. Paul Bettany as Lord Melbourne, Miranda Richardson as Duke of Kent, Mark Strong as Sir John Conroy and Jim Broadbent as King William. There is no single bad performance in this movie. The least focused are well represented, given how little time they have on the screen. Even Victoria's dog (a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel called Dash) is memorable and has an impact on the film. Although the film tends to skip several aspects of Victoria's life - especially at the end of the year - and instead * tells us what happened (with her and Albert) on the screen, what matters most is what we actually * see *. This is, after all, a movie about "The Young Victoria" (not "Middle East Victoria" or "Old Victoria"). While there are some beauties made in history with this film, it remains focused on what it wants to do - what is the story about how the young princess grew in power. The film looks amazing, the costumes by Emily Blunt are amazing and the music just adds to the movie, never destroying them. It's filmed exceptionally, and unlike many movies nowadays, this movie is actually a good length because it does not go so far as to lose interest or feel it is useless. > It goes without saying that what makes this movie so great is Emily Blunt. It's in good shape here, transforming itself into another excellent performance and raising this film beyond what it could have had another actress distributed in this rather important / historical role. This is a fine film with excellent performance that should definitely be seen. If you have an appreciation for a fascinating look at a woman that has been extremely significant in history, this is a necessity.
