The cinematic interests of the British monarchy continue with The Young Victoria (1837-1901), having seen Keish Knightley's efforts in recent years, Ducesa, Cate Blanchett Elizabeth and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman, with Boleyn The Other Boleyn Girl. Several contemporary stories would include the portrait of Queen Elizabeth's winner Helen Mirren, about Queen Elizabeth II's current reign at the death of Princess Diana. Each of these films included stunning actresses with gravity acting (ok, so some might contest Johansson) or were the flavor of their moment and each film had a definitive moment in the inheritance of their historical character that it becomes an inalienable to have those the events presented and, in fact, Elizabeth had enough to cover two films. However, Young Victoria, as the title suggests, is a lively version of the life of the young queen, and if you are looking for that definitive event or discontinued political intrigue that affects all royal households and their relations with shadows, self-serving politicians, unfortunately , there is nothing deep here. That does not mean that Young Victoria is without. Directed by Canadian Jean-Marc Vallee (best known for CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes, this film chronicles in very clear terms, the life and times of Victoria (Emily Blunt, soon becoming her new girl) when she was a child, she met before the coronary, such as the wish of her mother Duce of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and her counselor, Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong), to be named regent on her throne, William (Jim Broadbent). As if this was not enough, the political power play staged with Lord Bettany as a waiting prime minister trying to gain the confidence of the new queen and sneakily plan the allies to trust the palace. On the one hand, would you understand the need for a young and new queen to trust people in key positions, but on the other hand does she really act in her interests or in the interests of others? Even this intrigue angle sinks into her romantic story with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), where their relationship forms the bulk of the second half of the film and almost everything already included in trailers. For both of them, they were raised under the influence of others and told each step of how exactly they would do. Even their union may seem a firm record of an alliance, if not for their lovers, and for recognizing their common need to establish their own land, and to do so with one another. Instead of being pawns, there is this constant search and the exploration of opportunities to get out of suffocating, and sometimes absurd, rules and regulations. The trust also becomes a highly valued commodity, and loyalty can be traded because it wants to establish clean slate. However, all these themes become just a breeze through narrative, from childhood to romance, marriage, and children. In fact, there is so much quick repetition, especially in the last minutes full of interlops, that actually leaving the audience wishing more and room, of course, for another film, which I suspect probably would not see daylight , but maybe a series of televisions could pick up the movie's response and come out with a mini-series or something. It is a pity that all the effort made here to ensure the superb costumes, sets and artistic direction will be limited to a movie that is quite easy on the subject and a brief mention of the problems, that it does not really challenge the protagonists to allow for overcoming the opponent defining character. With its star distribution, one would expect more, but one would have left more than I want. Recommended for those who are ever curious about Kings and Queens in the British Monarchy, just as a complement to other more interesting stories available in the other films already mentioned.
