Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is in line for the throne of England. The current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not good and can not live long. However, Vicky's mother, the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richandson) and her assistant, John (Mark Strong), want to force Victoria to sign acts that declare them "regents" until her age. age. The young lady refused, despite the fact that John had hit her around her. It is another sign that Victoria has a strong will and deep love for her country. However, when William passes, shortly after her birthday, Victoria knows she has a heavy duty in front of her. First of all, they need to get around with the "appropriate" advisers to govern wisely. He chooses Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), who, although he is an older man, is mentioned as a victim of Vicky. Which leads us to the younger queen's second major decision. Later, the young queen should choose her future partner, because she will bring stability to her life and to her in the kingdom, for an heir must appear in the coming years. Meanwhile, in Germany, some far-off relatives of the British royal family are also some plans. The beautiful Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), from the Saxon-Coburg dynasty, is pushed by his father into the court of the British royal young man. Once he reaches the palace, he is beaten and the feeling seems to be mutual. But since he is a minor player on the right map, can he win the heart? This is a great movie, made even better by a fully-fledged winning show by Emily Blunt as Victoria. Yeah, it's beautiful, but it's smart reading of the role that plays with power. And the boy behaves well, like the other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (which repulsive role!) And the rest. Also, the movie is gorgeously shot, dressed and set, making it a visual treatment in all respects. If something is missing, there is an additional dose of blindness because the film seems a bit too simple and prosaic, sometimes with somewhat unimaginable editing. However, this is only a minor minor argument in a very successful and superb film. In short, young and old, should make time for Young Victoria. It is a worthy movie among the 2009 cinema offers.
