Queen Victoria's 63-year-old Queen is probably one of the most famous and well-known stories of British history. On the one hand, in her story they lack the theaters of the previous royal regents because of the changing climate and social attitude and on the other hand its story is one that perpetuates because it is especially human. From the early years of his life, where the flourishing romance between her and the German press Albert headed to the fore, director Jean-Marc Vallée, who until now has remained in the unknown industry shadows, tells Victoria's story and surprises this human life so vital to her inheritance. It is a story that feels extremely humble given its exuberant background, yet this is partly what gives it a distinct edge that separates it from the usual tariff. With a very direct and focused approach, a short five-year period between her ascension and marriage to Albert, The Young Victoria does what so little of a time in this natural offering. Instead of attempting an intransigent encapsulation of the lifetime of such a figure, Vallée opts to show one of Victoria's earliest known complications that are easily neglected in favor of the most renowned awards. The result is a feature that can bother historians because of its flippantic relationships to deeds and the like but never let the document take the path of drawing a compelling story, writer Julian Fellowes sticks to his weapons and offers a slightly romantic and yet convincing portrayal . Vallée takes this and executes, ensuring that he fully exploits these elements with sufficient constraint to maintain integrity in both the history involved and the viewer's view. An important part in the joy of watching The Young Victoria play, however, is simply in the production values ​​given here, which bring to life in the early 1800's the Kingdom of Britain with a strong realism, so rarely achieved quite striking by genre films. Everything, from the design of costumes, sets, hair styles, lighting and photography, accentuates the grand background inherent to Victoria's story, without ever obstructing it. Indeed, while watching Vallée's interpretation comes to life here, it is very difficult not to suck you just through the aesthetics that penetrates into the visual element; and then there is the movie's score that works a lot to promote the very stylish but personal tones that dominate Fellowes' script. The look of the works of Schubert and Strauss in the story of Victoria and Albert not only serves as a reference point for the characters they play, but also joins the work with elegance and refrain that equates to the original work of composer Ilan Eshkeri. <br /> <br /> However, for all the painful compositions, the luxuriant foundations and the immaculate costumes that value each scene, the most important factor here and, indeed, for most of the dramas of the period are the performances of the cast and how they help bring the world to life. Fortunately, the young Victoria is blessed with an ensemble of immigrants, both young and old, who do a fantastic job of doing just that. Between the sweet and flourishing romanticism of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Rupert Friend) and the somewhat antagonistic battles of her and her counselors (soldiers of a terrible Mark Strong and Paul Bettany), conflicts and warmth so widespread in Fellowe's script are perfectly conveyed here by all those involved who help keep the film as a "cute plastic but under the shadow" business so common with these exits. Finally, it's hard to miss a work like The Young Victoria. It has a feeling of perfectly emotional and human affection in its perfect romance, plus a historical significance that plays an interesting role for those in the public who are eager for such details. Of course, it is possible that the cinematic world is not taken by the storm and does not have a meaning for its general presence, which stops it from ever becoming more than a romantic drama that has been fenced off; however, in a certain sense, this is what makes it pleasant. Vallée never seems to strive for grandeur, nor does he seem pleased to make an escapist play for fugitives. Somewhere in the middle of this gray background is The Young Victoria, sure to satisfy the fans of the genre and the least disillusioned with the usual productions; beautiful, memorable, but above all, man. <br /> <br /> - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
