Besides having the longest reign in British history (63 years), Queen Victoria has two other distinctions. She was, besides our current queen, the oldest British monarch, who lived until the age of 81. And she was also the youngest British (unlike the English or Scottish) monarch, coming to the throne as an eighteen-year-old girl. And yet, whenever television or cinema makes a program or a movie about her, they seem much more interested in older Victoria than the young girls; the Victoria version with which modern audiences will probably be the best known is Judi Dench in "Mrs Brown". The "Young Victoria" tries to redress the balance, showing us the events surrounding her accession and the first years of her reign. It has the rare distinction of being produced by the former royal, Sarah Duchess of York, whose daughter Princess Beatrice makes a short appearance as an extra. There are three main components of the plot. The first relates to the intrigues of Mother Victoria, the Duchess of Kent, an extremely unpopular figure even with her own daughter, largely due to the influence of her counselor, Sir John Conroy, who was rumored to be her lover. (According to an unfounded rumor, he, and not the latest Duke of Kent, was Victoria's natural father). The second relates to the increasing romance between Victoria and his German cousin, Prince Albert, and attempts by King Leopold of Belgium, who was the uncle of both, to influence this story. (Leopold's hope was to increase the prestige of the House of Saxe-Coburg, to which he and Albert belonged). The third refers to one of the strangest episodes in the British political history, The Bedchamber Crisis of 1839, when the Party's supporters (who have traditionally held a strong monarchy) have revolted because the young queen was perceived to favor the Whig party and their Lord Lord Melbourne, although Whigs historically supported a quasi-republican governing system with the monarch reduced to a figure figure. Scriptwriter Julian Fellowes is known for his conservative views and sometimes I wonder if this may have colored his treatment of political themes because he seems to lean on the side of cones, the predecessors of the modern conservative party. Their leader, Robert Peel, is shown as a state and dignified man, while Melbourne, for all his quiet and charm, is shown to be dishonoring and uninterested in social reform. There may be a certain truth, but Fellowes glosses that just a few years earlier, Tories had opposed the Reform Act that put an end to the corrupt electoral system of rotten quarters and benefited from William IV's unconstitutional rejection Whig administration. The lessons in Dynastic and constitutional history do not always transfer well on the screen of the cinema, and it contains its part of inaccuracies. Prince Albert, for example, was not hurt in Edward Oxford's attempt to make Victoria's life, and Melbourne (at the end of the fifties when Victoria was admitted) was not as young as presented here by Paul Bettany . King William IV did not like Kent's duchess (who was his sister-in-law), but I doubt he would have gone so far as to beat his abuse during a state banquet, as shown here. I also failed to understand the significance of the scene in which the Duchess and Conroy are trying to force Victoria to sign a "Order of Regency"; the constitutional position of the Duchess was clarified by the Regency Act of 1830, which provided that it would become Regent if her daughter were still eighteen years old at the time of her accession. No piece of paper signed by Victoria could have changed the law. There are also occasional infidelities. In an early scene we see that Victoria and Albert play chess while comparing to the pawns moving around a chessboard, a metaphor so reproached that the whole scene should have been completed with a "Danger! Warning. However, in spite of such scenes, I got to enjoy the film. There were some good performances, especially from Miranda Richardson, in the role of the schematic Duchess and Mark Strong, as being inadequate Conroy. from a visual point of view, being shot in sumptuous style, we have come to associate with the British historical drama. Jim Broadbent gives a funny reward while King William, although sometimes tempted to get over the top. so disastrous over the top as well as in the "Moulin Rouge"), the main reason for the success of the film is Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend that the two young lovers Victoria and Albert. Blunt is probably more attractive than Victoria in real life, but in her delightful portrayal the Queen is no longer the old lady of folk imagery, the Windsor widow, clothed in black, not always amused, but a determined and strong person and a loving woman . Her love for Albert and the happy life of her family was one of the main reasons why the monarchy managed to re-establish itself in the affections of the British people. (Except for George III, the Hanoverian ancestors of Victoria were deprived of matrimonial virtues). Blunt and his friend make Young Victoria an exciting story and an exciting human drama as well as exploring a key period in British history. 8/10
