Legend of Andrei Konchalovski, 4 hours and half an hour of poetry in Siberia, does not have to start immediately because he has to keep back in space because he wants time to explore around the memories of childhood half-mentioned But in a while the film continues to erect the emotionally resonant steam building as if the sounds and images that make up it become embedded in a pure association with their subject with the quality of the dull and relentless, quiet, dignified dignity that characterizes the Soviet spirit of work . Konchalovski celebrates the Soviet collectivity, but in an almost revisionist manner towards paeans such as Soy Cuba and Invincible, the mood becomes bleak and reflective. Revolutionary news arrives in the village of Sibiu withdrawn from the vine. The fruit of his work only reaches when a world war asks young people to enlist. Through all this, Konchalovksy gives birth to the individual with care and affection to examine the bitter desire and regret of the woman who waited 6 years after the war a fiancé who never returned, waited long enough to get out and become a barma in a ship with velvet sofas and which she later gave up to return to her village to look after an uncle who killed the fiance's father with an ax, late, did not return for the sake of the girl she had left behind, but to force the oil for the homeland, the despair and the resignation of the regional leader of the middle-aged party who is returning to his small Siberian village for the sole purpose of clearing the map to build an electric plant. The film unfolds from a decade to a decade from the '10s to the' 80s, with stunning news stories that have passed the Soviet history since the war hunger revolution and the technological achievements of an empire (amazing visions here, all violence kinetic and tilted angles, crowds and faces), but the current film focuses on the individual, triumphs and madness. Until the second half a sense of bitter fatalism sneaks; of broken lives that have never reached the suffocation with regret and desire. "It can not matter," it seems the world says, to which Konchalovksy responds "must count," because the protagonists continue to try redemption. However, behind this man's saga against the landscape, "something seems to feed, shadowy, almost without substance, like the old old man who appears in each segment to guide or reject the protagonists, sometimes a mere spectator, sometimes the enigmatic wise; little behind and above all other simple and logical incomprehensible ultimatums challenges and affirmations of human characters, something invisible seems to be hiding.The ghosts of parents who appear in sepia dreams, repeated shots of a glittering star in the nights, a curious bear, indeed, the eternal old man, Konchalovksy calls to astonishment and reverence for a mystical earth of another order. In the treatment of a small community that struggles against the progress of nature and time and the way it learns to deal with them , often amusingly bizarre and tragic at the same time and in the way the director does not never bloody cynicism to overcome humanism, I from Shohei Imamura, the Deep Wishes of the Gods. When, in a dream scene, Alexei breaks through a plank of a door on which a Stalin propaganda poster is planted to reach his father (dead) when he disappears in the fog, the film suggests betraying the Soviet dream, or better, to all the things lost in the revolution, this betrayal became more explicit in the natural outcome of the film. Stunning, stylish and shady images, with a natural natural edge, help complete the deal. By the end of it, a rash of oil bursts into flames and the film erupts into a wild explosion of pure cinema.
