I have one thing for the black-and-white movies of that kind, Will Hay and Abbot & Costello, especially because they are my favorites. I chose this movie on DVD because it used the same idea as Will Hay's "Will Mr Porter," which is one of the best comedies ever made. I just finished watching this movie less than ten minutes ago (the movie ended at 12:45). It seems to me that movies of this kind, to do with Ghost Trains, etc., are best seen at night with light outside. This way you get into more story and night viewing works well with this movie. One-liners in the movie may seem a bit dated to some viewers, I think this depends on the viewer. But they're not dated to me. I'm 28 years old and even if I'm not big enough to have been around when this movie was first released (my father was still). I still appreciate some of the old movies of this kind. Stay in the room in front of the TV with some snacks and drinks, kicking back and relaxing at night while watching these movies, not many things can beat the feeling you get while doing this. It's a glimpse of reality for a while. I noticed that one of the men in the film (having a black mustache) appears about three-quarters of the way through the movie after the car crashed and searched for a woman she'd attended at the station. This man was in the classic Will Hay "Ghost of St Michaels" as well. I just thought to tell you this if nobody noticed :). The pieces set in the film are very atmospheric. Outside the abandoned station looks good and as if there is not a soul of miles in any direction, and the inside of the station is very comfortable looking away from the rainstorm that is out. I felt like I loved being there in the movie with the cast. The atmosphere in this movie is something that is now missing from many movies. It keeps your dependence on when the movie begins until it finishes. We need more of this type of movie on the market today. But unfortunately, it could be seen in favor of films with nudity and swearing and brutal humor. This type of film-making era (The Train Ghost, Oh Mr Porter, etc.) for me is the golden age of cinema!
