This movie seems to have been conceived as a Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers movie - park sketch, dance numbers, zip music and the whole formula is there ... except Ginger! Whether it was originally intended as a reconstitution of the team, it is uncertain, but it certainly has the appearance of one of these films. Instead of the usual characters for Fred (such as Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen are used - probably, despite being known as a comedy crew, they could sing and dance pretty well . That shocked me, but the team was a good addition, and some of the traditional Fred and Ginger numbers were made either with Fred and Gracie, or with the two, along with George. Only once, at the end of the year, Ms. Fontaine dances with Fred, but she is very short with a distant camera photo. And talking about Burns and Allen, I think I owe the team to talk about them in the movie. I have never been a fan of their show or their films. Generally, I think Gracie's idiot is very annoying and I've done some poor reviews on short films and feature films. However, in this film I have to admit that they were wonderful - they not only danced with competence, but in fact I thought they were funny and they filled very well the hole left by Edward Everett Horton. They were on top of their game, and the writers did a great job in this department. Now, as far as the rest of the film is concerned, there is a lot of fun and fun. But the problem for me was that Joan Fontaine was not a special choice for the movie - not just because she was acting outside her (after all, she was not a singer or dancer) but because she had a screen with a lint of lint. For this reason, the usual balance and dialogue between boys and girls is missing. There was also a very charming performance of Harry Watson as a diabolical boy who did everything he could to play cupid - because he wanted to win a bet! And finally, I liked Fun House and Tunnel of Love - it's too hard to describe, but it's so fun to watch! Overall, I liked the film pretty much - it had a lot of charm and excellent writing. Unfortunately, she also presented a gentle performance by Mrs. Fontaine, who escapes a point - brings my score for this film to 7.
