Soon, the Americans would rise into a dark, damaged England, preparing to invade Europe, but in 1937 the image of the hips of the Americans in the sunny, slightly ridiculous rural landscape was an appealing, idyllic diversion. American star and American dancer Jerry Halliday (Astaire), on a European tour and tired of the crowd of screaming women, generated by his Burns manager's voice, is undoubtedly caught in the marriage of Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine). The story is complicated by a pool of wagers among Marshmorton's servants led by Keggs (Gardiner), the head for Lady Alice's cousin, Reggie (Noble), favorite of Alice's dominant aunt (Collier). The story would have been much better than a half-hour TV episode. Wodehouse's common misspellings of mistaken identity and salt to the wrong conclusions are slim in a long film. Both Alice and Jerry seem impossible (and annoying) clueless of the second half of the movie. The amusement park intervenes and the castle's climax is too long and begins to shoot. Fontaine is too beautiful, too dignified and too quiet to be a blonde ditzy, no matter how aristocratic, while the young foot Albert (Watson) is painfully terrible. But while "Damsel" is a fairly diminutive vehicle for such a great talent, talent does not disappoint us. Astaire's romantic comedy is no less pleasant here than in any of his films with Ginger Rogers, and his dance scenes, both solo and Burns & Allen, are up to the point, although his dance with Joan Joan is neatly neat. Gracie almost stole the whole show as George's bubble secretary, who is suddenly air-convinced, confident and trustworthy. Her scene with actor Gardiner, as a solid character, as well as Keggs' pure snob, is a unique classic. This incomprehensible scene of & Astaire, with the Madrigal singers, gives the "Damsel" a delightful color to the naive but noble Americans who mingle with noble English but with caution. Gershwin is at the top of his game with "The Beautiful Thing if You Can Get It" and "Upper Buzz", which carries the film through its weak points. And is there another film in which the madrigals receive a Gershwin cradle treatment? "Damsel" is more than a piece of trivia for those who might want to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before it's a real star. It's a fine diversion as fun as any of the Vaudeville musical comedies that led the 1930s, but they will not be made again.
