I read that Jessie Matthews was approached and refused to play with Fred Astaire at Damsel in Distress. Jessie Matthews, on top of her, has never left her side of the pond to make any American musical. If he had joined for this film, he would have once been in a life event. It's a pity because Damsel in Distress has everything that works for it. Fred Astaire, story and adapted to the screen by author P.G. Wodehouse, Burns & Allen for the comedy and songs of the Gershwin Brothers. In response to the question asked by the Nice work, if you can not get it, you do not have much to ask for this movie. Except for a leading lady. Although Ginger Rogers made several films away from Fred Astaire, Damsel in Distress is the only Astaire movie made without Rogers while they were a team. Young Joan Fontaine was thrown into this opposite Astaire. Her character has no bite that Ginger Rogers plays in these movies. All she has to do is be sweet and ruthless. It also does not contribute to anything musical. And if I had to write down all of Fred Astaire's dancing partners, Joan Fontaine would have gone to the bottom. The poor woman is just horrible in the "Searches" number. <br /> <br /> When co-starred later in a musical with Bing Crosby, Emperor Waltz, it's no accident that Fontaine has nothing to do. The version I have is a colorful one and in this case I think she did something good. The idyllic, lush, English rural countryside of P.G. Wodehouse is indeed featured in this VHS copy. Especially in the number I mentioned earlier with Astaire and Fontaine, which takes place in the garden. Burns & Allen, on the other hand, as a couple of old vudeville bands complements Astaire's grand style in Stiff Upper Lip number. Surrealist success of the fun house is great. <br /> <br /> P.G. Wodehouse's aristocracy runs the lineup with Constance Collier at the highest quality and once for Montagu Love, as Fontaine's father as a handsome man on the film. The biggest hit in A Damsel in Distress is Fog Day The most famous song about the British capital since London Bridge is down. Fred Astaire is one of those songs that will endure as long as London suffers and even afterwards. Looking at Joan Fontaine's young and inexperienced actor, A Damsel in Distress misses a classical, classical, classical, classic comedy score. Who could ask for something more?
