In a famous essay he wrote about Charles Dickens, George Orwell points out that many readers have always regretted that Dickens never continued writing as he did in PICKWICK PAPERS: he did not want to write funny episodes for the rest of your career. That would not have been too difficult for Dickens. Robert Surtees's contemporary has done just that, focusing solely on the misfortunes of the fox hunting set (FONCY ROMFORD'S HOUNDS is a title of one of his novels). Among the hunters and lovers of horses Surtees has yet another trace, but most people find Romanians unread. Dickens was determined to show he was more than just a funny one (and do not forget, his first book, SKETCHES BY BOZ, was also a funny book). So, Dickens' third card is OLIVER TWIST (which has become pretty bleak in points). Orwell says that for any author to grow, he has to change his style of books. Dickens would certainly (and successfully) agree with that. But Orwell forgot the gender writer who surpassed his peers. Surtees, as I said, is a gender writer concentrating on hunting - but not everyone is interested in hunting. But P.G. Wodehouse was seen as an entertainer, entertaining in the top of the British social system. Count Emsworth is proud to pick up the best pig in England than to be ... well Earl of Emsworth! His psalter is always ready to counterattack when he should be subjected to an unfair superior. Stanley Uckridge will always have a "perfect" scheme that should win a huge profit (but he always manages to get away). And, best of all, Jeeves will always have his brain shining to work to save the useless Bertie Wooster, his boss. Since Wodehouse had a limited vision of his mission as a writer - he was there to make fun of the world's fun - his books never lost his shine. They served (and yet served) their purposes. In fact, Wodehouse compared Evelyn Waugh, a more serious contemporary, who also wrote funny books, but a more intellectual guy. The best of Waugh remain among the most important points of British twentieth century literature: BRIDESHEAD REVISED, DECLINE AND FALL, and the rest. But in his decision to make his points, if his points fail to interest the reader, the book crashed frequently. For each VILLAS BODY there was a late career failure, such as GILBERT PINFOLD ORDER. While Wodehouse could do less hacking, his fall did not go that far from Waugh's. Wodehouse was also a gifted lyricist (when you hear Bill in the SHOWBOAT score, not Kern and Hammerstein, but Kern and Wodehouse's songs have been transposed from "Oh Lady, Lady" ten years earlier. he was also a playwright at hand, so it's nice to see his novel "A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS" and turn it into a script here, with Wodehouse's normal touches, Keggs, the perfect director, Reginald Gardiner, is a a villain in manipulating a "good-luck" gambling amongst the staff of the imposing house he leads. He also can not refrain from time to time singing Italian opera - despite Constance Collier's attempts to This is the typical Wodehouse characterization, so the love relationship between Lady Alyce and Jerry continues to go well and go down due to the antics of Keggs and the young Albert, both of whom do resc to win that cash game. Wodehouse always does that kind of field switch, with antagonists changing their point of view according to their current state of interest. Wodehouse was also lucky here to work with Burns and Allan. It is generally believed that of all the films they have made together as supporting actors (like SIX OF A KIND and we are not), George and Gracie have made the best support with Fred Astaire. The Fun House sequence, which includes the song "Stiff Upper Lip," is great, just like a previous sequence in which the three perform a "broom" dance (which Astaire taught him from Burns). But Gracie's illogical wonderful logic is used by Wodehouse in the Gardiner scenes (see how she manages to confuse her in giving her more money than her change deserves to be - only Albert notices Keggs / Gardiner's mistake and looks at Gardiner as well (Lady Caroline, Collier), led her to marry her, but to change her mind with Gracie when she goes with George The film is supposed to have failed at the box office due to the lack of Ginger Rogers in it and the weakness of Joan Fontaine Fontaine does not do a remarkable job in the role but the defect is really Wodehouse - he did not make the character very interesting But the movie can stand without it, given the other performers and characters, Gershwin's music and the wonderful sense of Wodehouse's fun.
