Prior to Zavet, there was a resemblance between Tim Burton's and Kusturica's artistic vision. They find their own poetic style, and then their deeds become prisoners. Burton has (and still has) Depp, Kusturica has Miki Manojlovic, and somehow received a critical praise for repeating the same formulation all the time. However, there are people like me who find funny joke only when they first hear it. This is the main reason why Kusturica's most serious films are "Black Cat White Cat" and "Life is a Miracle". "Zavet" is something completely different. You may like it, you can hate it, but this is not just another poetic Kusturica? The dream articles from the Balkans. Of course, if you want to be praised, you have to play safely. It was very easy for Kusturica to do just another film of gypsy flies and get the prize. Fortunately, as a courageous person, he chooses to make a film that will ironically look at his previous works. "Zavet" can be described as a powerful and very harsh parody of Kusturica's previous films in Kusturica himself. It's nice to see a big film director not take too seriously. This is a quality that Kusturica has and even the greatest, such as Bergman or Kubrick, did not have. This movie is so meaningless that it becomes absurd, so absurd that it becomes deep and so unhappy that it becomes hilarious. The same thing that creates the cult "Plan 9 in outer space" would make this masterpiece to people who know how to pursue it. The average Western visitor would not get some references. The most notable owner of the tire stores is Srbljanovic, and this refers to Biljana Srbljanovic, a famous Serbian drama writer. From a political point of view, it is very active as a left-wing liberal, and despises Kusturica's political visions and anarchism. Kusturica, "everything but not subtle", took her to her place of work to cast Miki Manojlovic in the shop in Srbljanovic. Is the second reference made to Goran Bregovic? the previous composer of Kusturica. He formed the "Funeral Orchestra and the Wedding Orchestra" and began to perform throughout Europe. Although he is praised as a great composer, Bregovic is just an interpreter, and most of his songs (if not all) are the weak cover of traditional Serbian songs. Kusturica's hugging on Bregovic was to face a wedding and funeral, with a funeral about the wedding. Music also covers Western classics, such as "London Bridge Down" or French. Do you think this is unfortunate? Now you see how we feel in Serbia when we listen to Bregovic's horrible traps. I loved this film very much because it does not pretend to be profound, it is so filled with symbols that it becomes a parody and is beautifully guided, as are all its works. If you like Kusturica's previous films, there's a great chance you'll hate it. If you do not like some of your latest movies, it can be a nice surprise, because that's like Fellini directed "Pink Flamingos". On purpose. I have massive respect for this guy after "Zavet". The following film, Tim Burton, certainly had the main character with pale faces. The following Kusturica films can easily be about aliens invading the Earth. That's why he's the most exciting director on Earth, whether you like it or not.
