Kabei: Our Mama (2008) is a poetic and sublime beauty in Japan. A real drunk! I've heard excellent movie reviews and rented it from Netflix. I'm glad I did it! In many respects, this film reminded me of the old Japanese classic style of the 1940s and 1950s that I have come to love so much, as seen in the pictures of Yasujiro Ozu - the credits for the title even start in the same way, with the Japanese letters (characters) in red against the neutral ribbon material. I immediately thought: this director loves Ozu. The same style was mostly used: interior sets with just a few outdoor scenes. Even some "pillow pictures", as Roger Ebert calls them. The power of the film is built on character love for each other. The story follows the lives of a Japanese family before, during and after the Second World War. The mother takes care of her growing girls as well after the father (university professor) is arrested for anti-war sympathies. He has never released and has only a few brief encounters with his wife in prison before he died of hunger and disease. Meanwhile, a former student of the teacher often comes to help care for the mother and two daughters. He begins to fall in love with his mother and is a replacement father of the two girls. But the war begins and he is ready and has to say a farewell. Will they ever express their love to each other? Will he ever come back from the war? <br /> <br /> There is so much heart and a gentle spirit in the performance of the lead actress, Sayuri Yoshinaga. She's almost Madonna, she's so beautiful! Big eyes and impeccable skin. The actor who plays the pupil is also phenomenal: his name is Tadanobu Asano. What a sensible performance. There is no macho in him; he is gentle and good. I would definitely like to see both of these in other movies. I think I'll check to see what's available to them. The two little actresses are also wonderful. The film is released on the NTSC DVD for the American audience, with very easy to read English subtitles. I gave it 10 out of 10 on IMDb. I cried almost as much with the classic Japanese film Twenty-Four Eyes (1954). Do not miss this movie!
