A remarkable brilliance film and an extraordinary and unusual love story, Luzhin Defense graphics intensive attraction between an eccentric genius and a woman of beauty, depth and character. This gives John Turturro what is probably his best role so far (thank you for not giving it to Ralph Fiennes who would kill him.) Similarly, Emily Watson shows the richness of her experience (from her background extraordinary on stage). To reach the tortured chess master (Turturro), her character must display the intelligence as well as the woman's love. Watson does not have a graceful sexuality, but it brings to her parts a self-conscious self that is appealing. In a casual encounter between Natalia (Watson) and Luzhin, she occasionally stops her from losing her piece of chess that has fallen through a hole in clothing - a specially created piece that we later figured out in the movie , has come to symbolize his hopes and aspirations. Later, as their love affair develops, it resembles chess dance (Luzhin learned to dance, but never with a partner); she encourages her to lead her with "bold, brilliant movements", making them relax enough to later play the best (and also to realize herself as her boyfriend). of a woman who inspires a man to his greatest achievement and thus finds her own profound, emotional and intellectual fulfillment (or so we have come to believe - surely, Natalia is, in the meantime, more rather a liberated woman than someone who is piling up to be a stereotypical wife and a mother). The Italian sets are amazing. The complexity of the characters and the skills the dialogue reveals is a delight for the intelligent film, yet the film is accessible enough to turn it into a popular and most popular popular hit. Chess is just the photogenic background for developing an emotional and emotional film, although the game is treated with enough respect to convince a chess player that the characters have existed. Though a remarkable tragedy by a classic author, the ultimate destruction is surprisingly exalting.
