My introduction to Yoji Yamada's world of cinema is through Samurai Trilogy's famous and recent Twilight Samurai, The Lady Hidden and Love and Honor. I enjoyed all three films and, looking at the prolific filmmaker of the veteran director, I think it will take a long time to watch all the films, especially the Torah-san series. Needless to say that when our Kabei Mama eventually got to our shores, I jumped to the chance to watch what a litter for Moms everywhere is, celebrating their inborn love for their children. Based on the autobiography of Teruyo Nogami, Kabei - Our mother says about a family close to four? Mama Kayo "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), father Shigeru "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), Hatsu's biggest daughter (Mirai Shida) and the youngest Teru child (Miku Sato). From the beginning, their lives will be changed forever when Shigeru is arrested under the Peacekeeping Act for controversial moral writings against the nation, set in the late 1930s when Japan began its "crusade" in China, and subsequently , WWII. This is how Kabei's struggle to keep her jobs started to feed her family and the frequent and difficult encounters with her husband behind bars. The help comes from relatives, especially on Shigeru's side, because Kabei's father adopts an attitude "I told you so" with the choice of husband. Yoga student from Shigeru (architect Arthouse must recognize Tadanobu Asano here) offers a laugh as a man who becomes ill, becomes confident and surrogate guardian of children and sister Kabei, Hisako (Rei Dan) of Hiroshima, some bells of the hindsight alarm about her unhappy fate as the movie progresses through its timeline. While the film focuses primarily on how children grow up under the mother's presence and in a relationship with their father, what I liked is how family microscopic events take place under macroscopic level events which affected the ordinary population of Japan. It is against the historical context of Japan's impetus to regional domination, and there are characters who do not hide those ambitions, even discussing what the country would eventually do if they were to conquer conquered lands. This is something I rarely see in Japanese films, being sincere in their discussion of that era, and also to see how common man has to fight against internal problems has become even more difficult with resources channeled to the war effort. <br /> <br /> Actresses played here are the perfect pitch in delivering them and roles, be they veterans or child actors. Actress Sayuri Yoshinaga deserves a special mention for her role as a mother figure who has to jump deep and find that inner force to take the household in difficult conditions, while Mirai Shida and Miku Sato are lovers like understanding children who have to learn to do and compromise. Each scene together with the three together makes them wander in the heart when the game becomes rough or fill your heart with Joy in case they celebrate. Not lately, you will soon be attracted to the fact that you want to be part of this family, thanks to the powerful performance of the primary school, Yoji Yamada convincing some really natural children's shows. Kabei - Mother boasts a stunning artistic direction and is full of charm in delivering both happy and sad moments without going over the top or relying on cheap melodrama to cheat emotions Search from the public. There are a lot of little things made here, which makes it perfect, with every scene not to be wasted and with every very significant hue in transmitting its message, whether it is compassion or love. at the very steep end (hopefully it could have gone a lot longer, despite the execution time of more than 2 hours), Kabei Our mother is highly recommended and you will find it difficult to remember either the tears or thought of the mother you and the sacrifices it does for you on a daily basis. Just what these sacrifices are, if you need another reminder, the scene at the end of the credits will remind you of the things you probably agreed.
