It's a fun, reviewing movie. These days when "internalized emotions" and "emotional detachment" are favored on simple sentimentality, it must be difficult to remain faithful to your true feelings. Shortly after I performed the jury duties at the 58th Berlinale, to capture Kabei Yoji Yamada. After watching, I saw people who left the theater, men, women, and reviewers. Even the Berlinale director, obviously a tough spectator of cinema, testified that he was caught without consent and found himself wept three quarters of this unsentimental sentimental experience. But what really surprised me was the reviews came after. Despite the fact that they have moved inexorably, many commentators have chosen to be steadfast and emotional in their writing. Apparently, after crying, they put their minds in their head and therefore missed what I felt was a genius about Kabei. Let me explain. <br /> <br /> Situated in pre-war Japan, Kabei's story revolves around a writer's and his wife's family after being imprisoned for what has been described as "crime of thought "against the imperial will. Through a series of prolonged emotional scenes, Yamada knows man, his loyal wife and two daughters, and three side characters - the young man's sister, an ex-student and an uncle's corpse? ? all come to help the family cope with their situation in the absence of the man in the house. The story moves at a slow pace, albeit constant, and the onset of heartburn occurs exactly at times that everyone can predict. This, of course, makes it almost impossible for anyone in the audience to be distracted too much by any dramatic event. In other words, although you learn to love their family and their help and sympathize with their unhappy situation, you enjoy the certainty of the plot you find waiting for a certain type of conclusion. However, two hours in the movie (do not worry, Yamada gives the spectator enough moments of gravity and lightness to lift you up), he strikes you with what I can only describe as "sting". Anything you assumed to be the story was an innocent man injured by his wife and his faithful daughters? now suddenly indicates one of the family helpers. Someone you've taken so far is now thrown into an unexpected twist of destiny. At this moment in the theater we were in was something curious. Everyone began to weep with little or no inhibition. /> <br /> "My Word!" I muttered under my breath. He realized that "Kabei," in the final analysis, was more than a film about a family broken by an empire on the brink of war. It was, in fact, a cunning examination of a common human weakness: how little did we care about the secret feelings of those closest to us. Now, the most common criticism about the film was that it was technically solid, but had no innovations. That's what happens when the reviewers end their proverbial thinking, I think. With Kabei, I think Yoji Yamada knew exactly what trick he was going to use to achieve a unique aspect of humanity. An old bad trick he applied so much in the Tora-san series, and later in the Tasogare of Sebei. After bringing the audience into a kind of narrative comfort zone, it throws us into a quarter of emotions rarely explored in cinemas. This, for me, is the most effective cinematic instrument of all. One that avoids detection, but it affects you deeply. And proof of its effectiveness was a thousand pieces of Kleenex, thrown into a trash bin just outside this thousands of cinema halls. Now if only some reviewers would oppose being so caught that they forget the cinema. Human emotions. Simply.
