"I hate those stories that start with a funeral, but I'm afraid that it starts the day we buried George, not that we buried him in the interest of the environment we burned him." That's what Elizabeth (Judi Dench), George's widow, is talking about. He led a comfortable and predictable life with George. He has two raised children and a 12-year-old nephew. But when she was 15 years old and in school, in the midst of the Second World War, she played night sax in a band of all sorts of girls called The Bombshells Blonde. "Almost" was because the drummer was Patrick, a charming madman who did not want to fight and be killed. With a yellow wig, a long dress and makeup, Patrick seemed almost as good as the others. After an afternoon after the funeral, Elizabeth finds himself in the attic of her house, playing the Saxon she had put into practice, but only when George left the house on the golf course. Her granddaughter, amazed at how good she is, starts talking about how Blonde Bombshells can reunite and play her school dance. Then, Elizabeth meets Patrick (Ian Holm), now as old as Elizabeth, much attracted by it as much as 50 years ago (and he was attracted to all other Bombshell members.) Roses that appeared on the bass drum had a special meaning to prove his affection. do not you see if the other members of the band can be located and why not give a chance for a meeting performance at her grandchildren's school? <br /> <br /> Why not? A member of the band is gaga. One is dead. One is in prison. One found salvation with the Salvation Army. One can not find any trace of it. It is known that the latter is in states. One is a professional singer and has no intention of doing a school show, even for a meeting. But one by one, Elizabeth and Patrick bring together the surviving members of the Bombshells. We do not know if enough can be found. Repetitions most often happen to become messy. While doing so, we share Elizabeth's memories of how life was when Patrick and her were young during the London War, playing in the band as bombs fall. Just as terrible as it was, it was the most exciting time in their lives. When the night of Elizabeth's grandmother's dance arrives, of course, Blonde Bombshells, full of offense and renewed friendship, blows the young away. Then Elizabeth informs us that the Bombshells are still playing concerts and that she and Patrick have no plans to marry ... but I do not see anything wrong with a little cheating. <br /> <br /> This is sentimental stupidity, well done and not bad at all. What makes it work is the skills and charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the term "warm-hearted comedy," I usually struggle if the actors are not the first. Dench and Holm are wonders to watch, because they take something easy and predictable as this scenario and turn it into something that fascinates us. Then there is the "old wide" gambit that is fun if you remember the old ones. Among the blonde bombs are Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Laine plays three numbers and almost balances production. She is so powerful and unique, a jazz talent, which while singing, the program becomes almost Cleo Laine's show. Another appealing feature is the number of great songs during the Second World War played in the strong swing
