Obsession comes in many flavors and exists for several reasons; for some it can be nothing more than a compulsive disorder, but for others it can be a way of survival. Lack of care, combined with the impossibility of negotiating even the simplest necessities of daily life or basic social requirements, can even force a genius to enthusiastically embrace what offers a personal comfort zone. And in extreme cases, the subject of satisfaction can become an obsession, leading that individual until what began as a means of survival becomes even the impulse of his wandering, and as we discover in Marleen Gorris's "Defense of Luzhin," a a high level of intelligence will not provide a satisfactory solution to the problem and, in fact, may even exacerbate the situation. Obsession, apparently, has no prejudices or preferences; in addition, it does not offer a quarter. At an Italian resort in the 1920s, Alexander Luzhin (John Turturro) is one of many who gathered there for a chess tournament, whose winner will be the World Champion. Luzhin is a master of the game, but he is vulnerable to the fact that chess has long ceased to be a game for him; it is rather his obsession that something discovered in childhood sees him, although he is his total inexhaustiveness in apparently all areas of life, and allows him to deal with the delicate subsidies of his immediate family. So Luzhin is an Achilles heel genius, a defect that only one person knows and understands and can realize that he can be exploited for his personal gain in this tournament. That man is Valentinov (Stuart Wilson), the former mentor of Luzhin, who, after a few years, has suddenly reappeared and became known to Luzhin. Valentinov is an uncomfortable, uncomfortable presence for Luzhin and once again, life threatens to overwhelm him. Not only will he face a formidable opponent in the tournament, Turati (Fabio Sartor), against whom in a previous game came out with a draw after fourteen hours but also tries to solve a new element in his life - her feelings for a young woman she just met at Natalia (Emily Watson). And, however brilliant it may be, the dark clouds gather over it, which could push Luzhin even deeper into the obsession that was the saving grace, as well as the curse of his whole life. <br /> <br /> Narrating the story of Luzhin, Gorris actually uses flashbacks to gradually reveal the elements of his childhood that quickly led to his obsession with chess. And as its background is established, it provides insights that allow the audience to better understand who Luzhin is and how he has reached this point in his life. For the scenes of his childhood, Gorris is textures with a dazzled atmosphere and a subtle feeling of change that continues and emphasizes the current pastoral nature of the resort. The transitions through which it blends the past with the present are well-treated and, with the rhythm of Gorris, a riveting but endless presentation is performed that works very well. She also understands the threat of Valentin's presence, focusing on drama rather than suspense, which eventually serves to enhance the overall impact of the film, making Luzhin's tragedy even more credible and more disturbing. > The only element that makes this movie so memorable, however, is John Turturro's affective performance. For this film to work, Luzhin must be absolutely credible; a fake or pretentious moment would be disastrous, because he would immediately take the spectator out of the story. It does not happen, however, and the movie works, because Luzhin Turturro's creation is impeccably honest and true. He surprises Luzhin's genius as well as his inaccuracies and presents his character in terms that are particularly cold and very real. It's a show equal to, if not surpassing, Geoffrey Rush's portrayal of David Helfgott in Shine. And when you compare his work here with other characters he created, from Sid Lidz in Pete's "Unstrung Heroes" in "O Brother, where are you?" at Al Fountain in "Box of Moonlight," you realize what incredible range of Turturro he has as an actor and what remarkable artist he really is. As Natalia, Emily Watson is also excellent, transforming her into a rather reserved performance by which she develops and presents her pretty pretty character. Although it must be somewhat related to Luzhin, Watson manages to do it in an introspective way that is entirely effective. Most importantly, due to the details it brings to her performance, she makes the relationship accelerated with Luzhin to be credible and gives total credibility to the story. All you have to do is look into Watson's eyes to know that the feelings they convey are real. It's a terrible opera from a talented and talented actor. The supporting gallery includes Geraldine James (Vera), Christopher Thompson (Stassard), Peter Blythe (Ilya), Orla Brady (Anna), Mark Tandy (Luzhin's father), Kelly Hunter (Luzhin's mother), Alexander Hunting (Young Luzhin) and Luigi Petrucci (Santucci). Very artisan and liberated, "Luzhin's defense" is an emotionally involved film, presented with a little compassion that evokes a sense of pain and perhaps a reflection on man's human inanumanity. We do not need a movie, of course, to tell us that there is cruelty in the world; but we are well served by the cinema environment when it reminds us of something we should never forget, as we all have the capacity to make positive changes and make a difference in the lives of those around us. I've rated this 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
