One of America's brightest film directors was without a doubt Elia Kazan. His directorial genius was not particularly suited to tense thrillers because Kazan needed more space to breathe and be slower and subtle. However, "Panic in Streets" is a top-rated social thriller and is more relevant to today than it was until the 1950s when it was released. The topics of illegal immigrants, human trafficking, imminent traces, the rapid transmission of illnesses all over the world (a worried Richard Widmark says: "We could be in any American city in ten hours and in Africa tomorrow"), ethnic isolation and ghettoism are the preoccupations today more than ever. This movie features a spectacular debut of Jack Palance and a wonderful performance by Barbara Bel Geddes, two genius blows. Richard Widmark is left to be no longer a psychopath once and is a deep, worrying, loving and loving human hero. He basically leads a human campaign to stop a pneumonia plague epidemic in New Orleans, which strives to persuade slow politicians and satisfied policemen that there is a problem. There is a race against time to find the children who have contracted the plague from an illegal immigrant dead within 48 hours in front of the whole city and, as the whole country always remembers, are endangered by the worst thing about the 1919 flu. An amazing scene in which Jack Palance, who is infected, is prevented from boarding a rat barrier on the rope is ironic in the extreme, reminding us of the worst that people can be the worst bearers and parasites of all. Extremely drastic tracking scenes in what they call the "coffee factory" at the wharfs rival Hitchcock's most inventive climatic scenes, and equally spectacular. Many unprofessional artists appear in the film, which has paved realism, well, something called reality. Kazan really takes cameras in places where even people have rarely gone and where the rats would have thought twice. This film was a major achievement of social realism. If he does not have the energy of the most thriller, it is because Kazan took so seriously he could not do it, because, however, the threat of the plague is serious enough to scare anyone without being need extra guns and moths. The only unfortunate thing about the film is the title, which offers a false suggestion of superficiality. But Kazan was nothing but superficial. He clearly saw this project as a public debt, to warn us of real possibilities. If only those possibilities have diminished today, but unfortunately it is getting worse every day. One day, after a worldwide plague, this film can be shown to some survivors as an example of how an outbreak was contained on the film, but its lessons were forgotten.
