Plague replaces fatal females in this highly suspicious noir in New Orleans by director Elia Kazan. Kazan, as always, receives beautiful performances from his actors, but he also presents a visual flair for claustrophobic suspense, with a combination of tight compositions and amazing chase scenes. <br /> <br /> A man entering the country illegally is killed after a card game. It seems to be a form of bubonic plague, so it remains crucial not only to arrest the killers, but to find an inoculation for all those who have had contact. City and health officials implement a secret plan rather than alert the community because of fears that guilty people will run out of town and spread the disease. A detective and an epidemiologist against the clock form an uneasy alliance as they steal on the seashore, using their contrasting research styles. The streets raise an enormous ethical question about the public's right to know that the medical officer is arguing for an interruption in the media, generating a greater risk to the community. Regardless of the outcome, you can be second to guess the actions of the film's protagonist. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark as Dr. Clint Reed and Paul Douglas as Detective Warren show short temperatures and mutual respect in search of killers. Barbera Bel Geddis, as Reed's wife, has some good moments with Widmark in some domestic scenes that bring about the more relaxed relaxation than the desperate questing tensions amidst the stunning surroundings of the New Orleans Lake impressed by the cinema Joe McDonald. Zero Mostel, as a little killer, is weak and reprobable, but sometimes nice. Walter Jack Palance as Blackie Skeleton (Black Death?) It's just remarkable. With a riveting intensity, Palance dominates every scene in which it is not only with a wide-ranging threat, but also with disturbing charm. In addition, he presents a formidable athleticism that allows for a more suspenseful continuity, especially in the allegorical moments of the powerful film. <br /> <br /> Panic in Streets is probably the best non-Brando movie in Kazan. It is a full, excited and edgy tension. Ambient to the local setting gives a sense of increased reality that allows Kazan to expose his visual style beyond the movie scene, and with Panic he succeeds with aplomb.
