"Panic in Streets (1950)" owes more to the British noir than its American counterparts. Just like "The Third Man (1949)" and "Night and the City" by Dassin (1950), director Elia Kazan chose to film greatly on the scene, capturing the fresh and vibrant decadence of the slums of New Orleans . In a decision taken by the masters of Italian neorealism, he also hired many unprofessional actors for minor roles, giving an air of authenticity to the city. However, any subsequent comparisons with neorealism would be wrong, because "Panic in Streets" is a pure melody of the best way. An illegally killed immigrant, fishing in the bay, finds himself infected with a pneumonic plague, a deadly airborne mutation from human to human bubonic plague, and has untreated a mortality rate approaching 100%. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), an officer with the US Public Service, convinces police chief Paul Douglas to question the men responsible for murder, not to be infected with the disease. <br /> <br /> In my younger years, I found "Outbreak (1995)" by Wolfgang Petersen, one of the most terrifying movies I've ever seen. This thriller, which owes a lot of "panic on the streets" (work title: "Outbreak"), terrified me so effectively because it represented the ebola virus as an invisible and invincible killer? how can you defend against such a thing? Kazan's film is the first (I know) to address the subject of biological epidemics, although it has difficulty attributing visual recognition to an enemy that is virtually undetectable to the human eye; uses Jack Palance as a human personality of the Plague. Despite falling in love with the dirty dangers of human society, you never understand that Clinton Reed puts his life at risk (some viewers have noticed that Reed has never been inoculated against the plague, though I think it's safe to assume he did this at the same time with morgue personnel. "However, there is still a strong sense of urgency in hunting infected human killers, underground street rats that pollute the canals with their mistakes.In medieval times, when Black Death was a bubonic plague) passed the civilized world, killing one third of Europe's population, many identified the destruction as the devil's work. The character of Jack Palance, Blackie, effectively serves as Satan in human form: angular bully bully may sometimes be charming and charismatic, but is always susceptible to explode into violence; the two beatings (played by Guy Thomajan and Zero Mostel), through terror, more than anything else, are constantly wandering at his feet. When a patient becomes ill with a fever, Blackie deduces that the man's immigrant cousin must have "brought something to him" (the irony of his conclusion does not go unnoticed), trying to find out what must be this precious value object. Downs Down the Poldi in his arms, a grotesque performance of faux affection that is both pathetic and restless. Blackie / Satan is finally stopped? not by the authorities, but by the burden of their own infection / ill? while trying to embark on a cargo ship, the primary ship through which the plague spread throughout Europe.
