As the movie opens, two criminals kill another killer. When the body is discovered and is to be autopsy, the doctor realizes that even though the man was shot dead, he suffered from pneumonic plague - a very ugly and virulent version of the bubonic plague! So it's a race against time to find those who have come into contact with the dead and treat them immediately, otherwise there could be a disaster. Strange, in fact, I know pretty much about pneumonic plague, as I have learned a series of lectures about it for my class of history. The film really did not do a good job of getting the right facts about the illness by not showing a little like what people had in the movie. The biggest problem is that this disease is so incredibly grotesque that in 1950 it would not have been allowed to show it. Sure, there is a big fever and cough (they have this right), but also a lot of bleeding blemishes and bleeding blemishes - along with enormously swollen lymph nodes, like the bubonic plague - all pure and thick! I can certainly understand why they did not go that far. I am also sure that the federal government would have had much more involvement in controlling and treating the disease - here the film was treated at a very local level and everyone seemed ill prepared and a little bad. Nobody seemed willing to believe doctors! As for the acting, the film had some excellent actors here. Richard Widmark and Paul Douglas are, respectively, the public health doctor and the head of the police. Good actors, as well as actors already known since 1950. However, Jack Palance, who is very threatening (still continuing with his original moniker, "Walter Jack Palance") and Zero Mostel, is unknown in his first film. Palance was great - very scary and very physically adept in his own stunts. Mostel played a tedious story about his early work - a kind of bad grease and leave. Generally, despite the fact that it did not get the exact details and closed everything in a way too beautiful, the film is very tense and has an excellent acting - and it is worth seeing.
