"Panic In The Streets" is an exciting and atmospheric thriller in which director Elia Kazan gained a great sense of realism by filming the film in New Orleans, using a number of locals to fill the roles and use the intelligence of improvisation. As a result, characters and dialogue seem very natural and credible. An important term to be met in order to avoid a disaster, offers the story with its great sense of urgency and rhythm and problems that delay the necessary action, then raise the tension to a high level. > <br /> After a dispute between the players in a card game, a man named Kochak (Lewis Charles) is shot and his body is thrown into the docking area. When the body is found, and the forensic doctor identifies the presence of a virus, the US official, Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), is called and his examination confirms the presence of pneumonic plague. Reed insists that all known contacts of the dead man must be inoculated without delay because the very infectious nature of the disease means that without such an action anyone who has been infected might be expected to die within a few days. of the dead is unknown, the task of finding his contacts is expected to be difficult and this situation is not helped when the city officials and the police commissioner are not fully convinced of Reed's briefing. They doubt that the threat to the public is potentially as serious as the initial lack of engagement is considered to be the first of a series of obstacles that hinder urgent action. The following investigation is hampered by the lack of cooperation of the immigrant community, a group of sailors, a restaurant owner and illegal immigrants before the identity of the man and his contacts are ultimately found. Kochak, an illegal immigrant, had been in a band with Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook) and when Blackie's leader became aware of the police investigation in progress, you smuggled something very valuable in the country. While Kochak and Poldi were related, Blackie assumes that Poldi needs to know something about it and that he wants to find out more. Poldi, however, is very sick and can not provide any information. Blackie brings his own doctor, and with Fitch he starts taking Poldi out of the room and descending stairs, and then they meet Reed and an interesting pursuit. Richard Widmark employs as a civil servant under the labor force, effectively dealing with the onerous responsibilities of his post, while dealing with his domestic concerns as a family man. In an unusual role for him, he also portrays the determined and serious nature of Minister Dr. Reed very convincingly. The debut of Jack Palance's film sees him giving him an impressive performance like a ruthless bully who mistakenly judges Kochak's reason for leaving the card game and also the reason for the intense police investigation. Its distinctive design also helps others make their screen even more convincing. In the typical docu-noir style, Expressionist cinema and neo-realistic influences are used in tandem to effectively capture the atmosphere of the locations in which action takes place. Elia Kazan is heading with precision throughout, but he also excels in the memorable tracking sequence in the warehouse and doc.
