A doctor and a policeman in New Orleans only have 48 hours to locate an infected killer with pneumonic plague. An effective and classic thriller, directed by Elia Kazan, combining documentary realism with a race against time the pulse of heartbeats. Set and filmed in and around New Orleans, Panic In The Streets is taken from the story of Carantine, Some Like They're Cool by Edna and Edward Anhalt, who won an Oscar for the original story. It also boasts a fine distribution of the top performer set for their director. In turn, Richard Widmark (bringing the method a year before Marlon made for Kazan in A Streetcar Named Desire), Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (Walter Jack Palance) and the wonderful Zero Mostel, sought to stop the onset of a potential epidemic of black death. If the film his scores his main points of suspense is with the huge Kazan's ability to cut back and forth between the protagonists, without altering the flow and mood of the play. From Widmark's public health doctor with the hypodermic needle in his hand, running around trying to locate the wicked so that he can do well; to the bad guys who are aware of why there is such a great hunt for them; the tension is stacked to the point of rupture of the fever. Fortunately, the last thirty minutes become a cinema. With Palance excellent as a nasty asshole who puts someone in the mind of Tommy Udo from "The Kiss of Death" three years ago. It is an imaginative and intelligent story, one that links rats and offenders to the disease. A blow to society as it was. Noir elements, like paranoia, mix well with its basic procedural thriller. While some memorable scenes are properly wrapped up by the suffocating atmosphere that Kazan has created. Although some of the character's early psychology threatens to direct the film down on a pavement, it is certainly a film that deserves to stay all the way. It is not the essential noir film and perhaps even the essential Kazan, but certainly a highly recommended film, which is required to be discovered by a new generation of movie lovers and re-acclaimed by the old guard, who probably missed it That day. 7.5 / 10
