Elia Kazan, one of the best theater directors this country has ever had, has shown that she is just as home and with movies. With "Panic on the Streets," Mr. Kazan gives us an early version of what was to come later, perhaps with his masterpiece, "On the Waterfront," although both films only share the water setting because they are different views on different topics. <br /> <br /> Kazan shot the location in New Orleans. Adaptation by Daniel Fuchs of editions Edna and Edward Anhalt, which underlie the film, is remarkable in that it takes us to places that no tourist dared to see when they visit The Big Easy. One of the great elements of this film is Joseph MacDonald's magnificent black and white cinema, which presents New Orleans in the best moments. Also, Alfred Newman's music and Billie Holiday's melody make it a pleasant note to this film. This movie would have been shot in New York City or in another large northern city, because it features characters that speak more like "broklynese" than a southern accent they could hear in that part of the country. One thing is clear in the movie, Jack Palance, making the debut of the screen, smolders the screen every time someone sees it. It was so intense! At the same time, this tough guy has a delicate part of him when he goes to see his sick partner, who is not known, is hit by a fatal illness. Blackie helps that man comfort his sweaty face and take his hands through the fat hair of dying man with abandon. It should also be noted that Mr. Palance and Mr. Mostel seem to make their own stunts, something so refreshing, because both actors make it real. The film also features a normal part with the introduction of the Reed family at the beginning of the film. We see a family man painting the furniture with his little son. Later, he and his wife talk about how they seem unable to meet his salary, something many families have to deal with daily. Richard Widmark, playing a regular person, is not as effective as when this actor plays more cunning and intense people. Barbara Bel Geddes, as a wife, sounds like she is a suburban woman in Connecticut. The film is pleasant thanks to Mr Kazan's direction and the excellent film awards.
