In panic in the street, Richard Widmark plays US Navy doctor, who is interrupting the week with a corpse containing the plague. As a policeman, Paul Douglas rightly shows that the guy died from two bullets in his chest. It's not the problem here, the two become partners who want to find the killers and anyone else exposed to the disease. As any number of people have pointed out, for some reason, some director Elia Kazan has not bothered to throw small parts with anyone who sounds like Louisiana. After I was in New Orleans where the story takes place, I can personally testify to this. Richard Widmark and his wife, Barbara Bel Geddes, may be excused because, as a Marine doctor, they might be assigned there, but for those native they do not work. But with the plague there and the news being kept secret, PD New Orleans launches a route to the underworld of the city. The dead man came from a ship in Europe and had connections in the underworld. A wise guy in New Orleans, played by Jack Palance, jumps to a bunch of erroneous conclusions and starts harassing a dead cousin who starts to show symptoms of plague. Palance received reviews in the first film in which he received a note. Personally, my favorite in this movie is Zero Mostel. This happened just before Mostel was on the black list and around that time he made a specialty to play would be hard boys who are really toadies. He plays the same role in Humphrey Bogart, The Enforcer. Unfortunately, I can identify with Mostel in the last scene where he and Palance are watched by Widmark, Douglas and half of the New Orleans police. Seeing the weight caused, Zero tried to keep up with Palance was something else, because I'm a guy in Zero's league, now in the guitar department. Kazan kept the action in a good shot, there's very little time in this movie. If it were less, it would be a Indiana Jones movie. Panic In The Streets won an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay that year. Kazan also used the welfare of the seaside in New Orleans and the French Quarter. Some of the same types of photos are later used in "On the Waterfront". In fact, Panic In The Streets refers to people who do not shake when they really should in their own interest. Very similar again with On the Waterfront. Panic In The Streets makes everyone proud that has been associated with her. Why could not Elia Kazan make lucky people in New Orleans to call people in small roles.
