When a rigid returns with pneumonic plague (a variant of bubonic plague), the US Public Health Service official. Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) immediately quarantines everyone he knows is close to the body. Unfortunately, the force has gotten so, being killed, and there is a good chance the killer will start spreading the plague, leading to an epidemic. Enter police captain Tom Warren (Paul Douglas) who is enrolled to discover the killer as soon as possible and avoid a possible national disaster. While Panic in Streets is a quality film, it suffers from being slightly unfocused and a little too stretched (my reason for bringing the score to eight). She wanders the gangs from the noir gangster to medical disaster, police trial, thriller and even romanticism. This is not the best work of director Elia Kazan, but he says he's a bit disingenuous. Kazan is the leader of such masterpieces, such as A Streetcar Named Desire (1951), Water (1954) and East of Eden (1955), after all. This film precedes them, but Kazan said that he was already "untouched" by the studio. The liberalization of this freedom may partly represent enlargement. The film is in New Orleans, a town where Kazan "used to wander ... night and day, so I knew well." He wanted to exploit the environment. "I'm so great and colorful, I wanted boats, steam engines, warehouses, jazz joints - all in New Orleans." Kazan deals with every kind of panic on the streets well, but could be connected better. The film would benefit from the state with only one or two of its provisions. The reward for the settlement would still work. Part of the dilemma might have been caused by the fact that Panic in Streets was an attempt to combine two stories by writers Edna and Edward Anhalt, "Carantina" and "Some Like 'Em Cold." <br /> <br /> The gangster material, ending on a firm thriller territory with an extended tracking scene near the head of the movie, is probably the climax. It is not surprising that Kazan said he believes the villains are "more colorful - I have never had too much affection for the good guys, but I do not like the Puritans anyway." A close second is the only material approaching the "panic" of the title - the discovery of the plague and the attempts to follow exposed exposure, inoculate and contain the disease. While there is a lot of suspense during these two "moods," much of the film is also a fairly simple drama with rhythms more typical for this genre. The dialogue is excellent. The stylistic difference to many modern films could be harder to pronounce. It's smart, delivered quickly and well-written by each character. Conflict is not created by "stupid" decisions, but moves intelligently; events and actions of the characters are more like a chess game. When some unusual states are taken, such as Reed withholding newspaper pestilence, he gives relatively long justifications for the decisions that other characters ask for. In the light of this, it is interesting that Kazan believed that "property, religion, ethics, and middle class kill us." This idea goes to the film through changes to the norm or by compensations away from it, made by protagonists. For example, Blackie's gangster head (Jack Palance in his first film role) is given a "Get Out of Jail Free" card if he cooperates with the fight against the plague. The technical aspects of the film are good, if nothing is exceptional, but the real reasons to watch are performances, interesting scenarios and well-written dialogue.
