Panic In The Streets opens in noir style, a view along a dark street, followed by a camera tilted toward a window behind which a card game is played - an opening that starts to flourish, a side from the Welles atmosphere brought a decade later into the Touch of Evil. One of the players opens the window; is an appropriate action that serves as an introduction of the events within it as well as the literal opening of the first view of the underworld. <br /> <br /> Black and white shot, Panic In The Streets benefit greatly as well as some extraordinary movie locations in New Orleans. Scenes set up in places such as the mortuary, crowded transport office, or in the middle of Frank's Place stain paint provide a unique and sometimes claustrophobic atmosphere that is impossible to recreate in the studio. With these elements, Kazan's film shows the influence of Dassin's descending city, two years earlier, which has established almost documentary style in the noir cycle. In fact, Widmark's previous role had been in Dassin's Even Even The City, a film in which the growing panic was even more prevalent. Joe MacDonald, a director's favorite, photographed the detailed environment of Panic In The Streets. MacDonald also worked at Pinky and Viva Zapata in Kazan and continued to shoot Widmark after three years in the Fuller Pick Up On South Street masterpiece. As others have noticed, in a manner typical of the noir films, Kazan's work offers a contrast between confusion, illness and immorality of the streets with the modest and warm family life of the tissues. But for example, in Lang's The Big Heat (1953), the life of the hero's origin is destroyed by elements of vice that surround the embedded central character - ultimately sending him to work with increased vigilance and a sense of revenge - Panic In The Streets he places Reed's growing anxiety within what is just another working day. Despite the whole danger, he eventually returns to the well-being of his family justified and satisfied. The implication is that the social balance has been restored, at least for the time being, through its professionalism and curative abilities. This imbalance, of course, was created by murder and disease. The two are closely associated in this film. Remember one of the more cruel motto of the Cobra (1986), where "Crime is disease. Do Cure," an analogy in the context, if someone sounds too unmistakable for social reductionism. At the climax, as Blackie tries to flee aboard, the images specifically tell the rats that they are similar to criminals, both of which pose a threat to the health of society. As Blackie walks in the cheap rooms and docks with his friends in search of things he suspects of all, after, without knowing exactly what it means, the "plague" and "Blackie" resonate together in the minds of the public, adding further associated associations. Ironically, Blackie's suspicions of Poldi's unfortunate cousin that he "brought something into" the note is fair - even if, ultimately, nothing can sell or steal. Blackie's logical conviction that the police would not normally bother with the murder of an illegal anonymous immigrant has a ring of truth about him, and his confusion is understandable. Doctor Reed, though loving home and society, is a true noir hero. Familiar with the genre is the chief protagonist as a man going alone, forced to travel beyond the limits of the law. In his own way, Reed is forced to take morality in his own hands for the sake of society in general - a dimension of the film that is particularly appreciated given Kazan's controversial history. The director confessed before the HUAC infamous, calling suspected and traveling Communists. His film describes suspects who have been defeated for interrogation, as well as manipulation of the press, on the grounds that the higher public good justifies the means. These actions may equate the director's feelings at the time, assuming he would have accepted the witch McCarthyite's hunt and the suppression of his civil rights in the light of the alleged communist infiltration of the entertainment industry. In these times of terrorist and state response threats, the problems they have in the film are breathtakingly modern. Visible scenes in the film include a notable scene where Blackie interrogates Poldi dying of the exact nature of his alleged cousin's smuggling. Blackie catches his victim all over the room, finally leading over the condemned patient's bed, holding Poldi's feverish head in his hands - a striking and bad cradle. It is a gesture that emphasizes the intimate nature of corruption, both moral and physical. Apparently, actors have done many or all of their own stunts, which leads to very dramatic scenes at the end of the year, while police and health authorities are approaching the villains under the rubble. Half a crawling, half-scratching over the slippery timber at the edge of the mooring basin must have been a very unpleasant experience for Palance, but it's a sequence that adds a lot to the imminence of everyone. <br /> <br /> Occasionally less convincing elements distract the viewer. It seems Dr. Reed is left to fight against a possible emergency government repair. Perhaps equally stunning, he never inoculates - inviting a dramatic turn that never materializes. At the end of the movie, the potential epidemic was stopped, all contacts located, a little too cared. But these weaknesses are more than exaggerated by the other rewards of a film that still makes compulsive and relevant viewing today.
