It's a difficult movie to classify "10 items or less". Generally, I do not care about gender definitions, but there is something about this movie that makes you want to put it in a certain category, to convey, even with one word, your feelings about it. I recommend this movie to everyone, and if you really enjoy cinema and if you enjoy life, you will want to do the same thing as soon as you have finished watching it. <br /> <br /> I recommend this movie and call it beautiful and delightful, recognizing it is not perfect, but it does not do anything wrong. I do not want to sound like I'm contradicting, but I think writer / director Brad Silberling knew exactly what was coming when he finished writing this inspiring script. I'm sure he wanted to get a product that has nothing to do with perfection: a product that would be as simple, attractive and uncompromising as its title. Well, he did. <br /> <br /> Silberling, the director of long dramatic movies, complex such as "City of Angels" and "Moonlight Mile", proves to be "10 Items or Less", which closes in just 70 minutes. his work and the faith he has in it. To put an actor (Morgan Freeman) in front of a woman (Paz Vega) in a grocery store and take them exactly to the places they would take their usual life is what Silberling proposes here. <br /> <br /> I can not tell you more because in apparent simplicity there is a challenging background that should not be underestimated. Because everyone here is exposed: the camera focuses directly on the two main characters who share endless conversations in a car ride with stops that are not endless just because life is life. And let me express how well I praise how well Silberling deals with the situation by saying that it comes in less time (not only during the movie but on the day the film unfolds) and in a smaller place , the connection between two characters that Sofia Coppola generated in the film "Lost In Translation". This film, set up in Tokyo, also met an actor and a woman, and they also had conversations about the moments in which their lives lived. In the conversations in which we feel the provocative quality of "10 elements or less," and, as in Coppola's film, the naturalness of each situation is never lost, and images with all the music and words do not seem forced or included in the picture to " buy time ". <br /> <br /> In this respect, Silberling and his director of photography, Phedon Papamichael, collaborated. The man who shot the beautiful landscapes in the "Sideways" and focused on every excitement in "Patch Adams," delights us here with visual passages of true natural beauty. But the ultimate beauty of "10 elements or less" can be found in her distribution (by Avy Kaufman) in her two protagonists. These are the ones who convey this feeling that I mentioned at the beginning and can not specify; we feel their connection and we can say he's having fun and he could even improvise things. Oscar winner Morgan Freeman, also an executive producer of the movie, is simply there and confirms his status today in the cinema industry and one that is worth it: a quiet, wise man can make you laugh. And beautiful Paz Vega (well, I said it was great in "Spanglish")? Here she proves to be the real deal, and Hollywood is not small for her.
