Bravo! Morgan Freeman is an actor studying a character he's chosen to play before embarking on a commitment. Freeman is a "good fit" for this movie (as it was for "Driving Miss Daisy"), and it's not only credible but has the chance to change the image of playing a character with reserved dignity and well-being. Although there is no guarantee in life for anyone, this gives an actor a great opportunity to play distinct or distinct characters that are highlighted to avoid getting stereotypes. And it has to be said that stereotypes have prevented or completely ruined a significant number of careers that act. This is a low-budget movie that was amazingly accomplished in just two weeks. It's a well-directed film written by Brad Silberling. The location manager chose Carson, CA to set the movie, and the location helps adjust the movie tone and timing. Editing is correct for good, but a bit rough. Silberling was the "subcontractor" to get Freeman to make this film, while the actor is among the cinematic projects. There is a good chemistry between Freeman and Paz Vega, Spanish actress, which opens an effective dialogue between each member of the party, which is diverse and comes from different cultures. The film also encourages an understanding between people who speak not only two languages ​​(English and Spanish) but come from two different worlds of ethnicity, race, sex, norms, death, beliefs, folklore, principles and values. The film strives to create a certain honesty and comes to a truth to preserve the integrity of the film. Part of the comedy is that Freeman plays an unemployed actor who has been out of work for four years. In fact, Freeman is so demanded as an actor he is constantly working on. The film offers an adventure of bonding, caring, sharing, exchanging and exchanging. And the film's film intakes provide a view of some of the things an actor has to go through in preparing for a role. If necessary, tell your boss to take a "mental health day" and visit this movie. If you are capable, take with you another important or your family. I rank the movie at 10 out of 10. It is pleasant, interesting, informative, painful and worth it.
