Knowing when to finish a movie is as important as casting, steering and driving. And it's nice to see when a director / screenwriter is right. In just 82 minutes, 10 POLITICS or MORE do not stretch the story, trying to understand the inert subjects. She remains focused, amusing, sad and well thought out. Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) plays the role of "Him," an elderly actor, grabbing any roles presented. We are introduced to "He" as he travels to a supermarket in a section outside the city, by The Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK). Realizing that he has a star in the car, Kid makes him talk about his absence in the cinema in recent years. He is not very close because he not only came out of it because he was also on his way to an indie film shooting location that he could play ("I have not decided if I will accept part . "). Kid is a relative of the director involved in this indie business, and soon leaves him in the middle of nowheresville. Stuck, He decides to check the local market. He immediately enters the beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega), which operates the 10 items or less register. Not only amazingly cute, but intelligent, He begins to use it as a subject of primordial research for his independent film role. He teaches how the numbers look so fast, and why he knows the strangeness of every member of this isolated community. But he does not just use Scarlet, but helps her to see deeper in her life. They travel together to pick up their car from a deceptive husband and teach her how to act to find a new job and how to dress for success even when faced with the Fair as a symbol of local clothing . This is probably one of the funniest moments when we took a look at it and showed us the lack of full understanding of the retail chain ("These shirts are only $ 12! How is it possible?" ), as stated at the beginning of this review, is steep, but apropos. There is no way that these two people could remain friends, even if they form a unique bond. They know when to say goodbye and what each one has obtained from the other. It's a quiet moment, but riveted as Scarlet's car is empty outside L.A's mansion. This is a great independent production and one that does not waste too much time to go. And it will not waste your time either.
