With all honesty, if anyone told me that Lemony Snicket, director of the series of unfortunate events, City of Angels, and Caspers was going to make an indie movie with a small budget and that it would be good, I would say that person You're kidding. But this was done by director Brad Siberling. And it was very good. "10 Items or Less" has a similar propensity to movies like "Before sunrise", "Lost translation" or more recently "Once". It involves the casual encounter of two people who, if they had not left it there, would never pass through the paths, or if they did, they would not say a word to each other. As in these films, "10 Items or Less" focuses on the relationship he's building and the way the characters get to understand each other and rely on each other's strengths and weaknesses. The story involves Morgan Freeman, an indefinite actor who wishes to explore his role as a grocery store employee for an independent film, and due to things that do not have control, he gets to spend the day with the lady in the 10 articles or less on the pavilion of Paz Vega. She has a rotten marriage and hopes to land a new job as a secretary. Initially, Freeman's character only needs a lift. After spending time with her, she wants to know her and maybe even give her some advice. Brad Siberling builds the characters almost entirely through the exchanges between Freeman and Vega. Complot is just a configuration for these two characters to interact with each other for most of the 80 minutes of the movie. Freeman has fun with his character, because he appears as an outsider in the inferior world that Vega's character, Scarlett, lives. Vega, meanwhile, grows beyond the hard-to-try checkout clerk who is upset about her life situation looking to go further. There are a few things that have really proven in this movie. First of all, Siberling probably took note of the independent cinema to make sure the relationship is sincere and does not fit into any trap of Hollywood. It is a very mutual friendship that develops convincingly throughout the film. It works even if the situation itself is hardly imaginable. I am also impressed by the performance. While Freeman's presence gives this credibility to the movie at first, it shows a certain amount of charm and fun that is not usually seen from him. Paz Vega, at the same time, is preparing for a breakthrough in the American movie sometime in the future. I loved her in Spanglish and she's just as good here as the rough and no-nonsense Scarlet. Towards the end of the movie, she successfully conveys her character's growth. I look forward to seeing her in more movies. Generally, 10 less articles work best as a well-scripted piece and directed by Brad Siberling. He did not write much, and his feature film featured in most of Hollywood movies. However, there is certainly an artist in the workplace here and I am anxious to see if he will take this road again.
