Reviewed on September 12, 2006 for the second time at Paramount Theater 1 during the Toronto International Film Festival. The film premiered the day before at the Elgin Theater VISA. The basic part is Morgan Freeman playing a popular actor once who is on the downside of his career and who takes roles that may be beneath him but which he still does with a positive attitude, that he needs to pay the rent, etc. Downward slope is indicated by the fact that it has been a long time between previous moves in DVD bargain boxes and being a driver by a production assistant who does not give up too much of it, leaving Freeman off on a local community market where he will research for a supermarket manager role. He soon discovers that the real market is headed by a "10 or less" payline official played by Paz Vega. When Freeman's journey does not return and Vega needs help in preparing for an interview, the circumstances force them to join forces in a city walk to bring Freeman back home and help Vega to make it a higher career path. <br /> <br /> While the movie was pleasant, it seemed to be a sketch or work in progress. There were two extended musical sequences (One with Vega and Freeman teach each other songs for children in the car, one that literally plays as a Paul Simon music video), which felt like stuffing to bring time and even then the movie was just 80 minutes. <br /> <br /> It's a good thing that Morgan Freeman is as good as he is, because without him it would have been too little. Sure was fun in the parts and Paz Vega is also a delight, but it was not enough to say it was a complete movie. They lost me when Morgan Freeman started talking about stopping the car to ask for instructions, and Paz Vega said he would never do that. Who ever heard of a guy who wanted to ask for instructions and the woman said no? In the real world, it is exactly the opposite. Make sure you stay outtakes for credits. A little with a salesman Target, handing out Morgan Freeman how to shake sales is just hilarious! A little earlier if the Freeman driver insists is Freeman's voice on a "book on tape" reading was also quite funny. Director / writer Brad Silberling and actress Paz Vega were there for a short Q & A after screening. Silberling replied to a question saying that the script was not written specifically for Morgan Freeman and that once Freeman took over, he actually changed very little of what was there. It is a compliment to both Silberling's writing and how Freeman can only sneak into a role and feel entirely as if he was born to play it.
