By doing only seventy-two minutes, this little, overlooked 2006 drama is really just a two-character ski piece, but one that works well within its limits. It takes place almost entirely in different places, without description, in the south of Los Angeles, the story itself is inconsistent, but as "Lost in Translation" by Sofia Coppola, the film is much more about two strangers who meet unexpectedly, find a connection and go back to their enlightened life for the immense encounter. It also helps considerably that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega play the characters. Finally, freed from wise sages and authorities beyond reproaches, who became his high-profile specialty, Freeman appears relatively relieved as a rather feeble film star. His character is taken to a low-priced grocery store in Carson, where he can explore a role he takes into consideration in an indie film. Apart from a few years of work, he is embarrassed when he sees the DVDs in his films in the trash, but his ego is such that he does not have the temptation to look and even mimic shop staff. A special fascination for him is Scarlet, a buried worker in Spain and downgraded to the express line, where the unsatisfactory model of efficiency is. She has an interview for a secretary job at a construction company, but her sunny insecurity seems to overcome her chances already. Still pointing out as Penelope Cruz's Amazonian sister, beautiful Vega (one of James L. Brooks's "spanglish"), it brings an aggressive edge and realistic vulnerability to Scarlet. She and Freeman interact very well throughout the story, which includes stops not only at the grocery store, but also at Target, Arby and a full-service car wash. Nothing happens except to show how two people realize the chance encounter. Silberling keeps simple procedures, but production also reflects the expert craft of Phedon Papamichael's "Sideways" vibrant cinema) and the infectious score of Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("The City of God"). There are fast-moving Bobby Cannavale (like Scarlet's husband soon) and Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as funny bits with Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up") as a clueless Jim Parsons driver "Garden State") as a venerable receptionist. The 2007 DVD is overloaded with extracts, including a documentary, "15 days or less," intended for film students and conducting a 103-minute marathon; six extended scenes; a three-way conversation between Silberling, Freeman and Vega in the middle of the target; and some fragments that specifically promote the DVD.
