I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. "Shawshank Redemption" is at the top of my favorite movies. But I have to admit that I often asked myself about his choice of roles. So many of his titles were big budget clichés without heart. '10 Items or Less' for me marks Freeman's return to a role that truly demonstrates his considerable current talent. Freeman plays an undefined actor, Hollywood's former big time, who has not worked in a few years. He was offered a part of an unspecified picture for which he searches at a grocery store in a poor LA neighborhood. After being locked up by his weakened driver, Freeman is offered a home trip to Scarlet (Paz Vega), which he has been affiliated with. Before she can take him home, Scarlet has a good job interview to do, and Freeman agrees to tag him for the trip. The film follows Scarlet and Freeman in several locations, but the movie is really just a piece of character about the interactions between the two. Freeman is the disconnected Chinese guy from Hollywood, who has not heard of Target, and he does not know his own phone number or even what day of the week he is. He brought wisdom from the Dalai Lama filtered through "The whole world is but a scene mentality," and repeatedly called Scarlet's interview "an audition." And yet he has a way with people, a way to affect those who extend beyond his fame. He is a fan of humanity. He studies them, puts unceasing questions about them, and enjoys their curiosity in which others would simply be annoyed. In Scarlet, he sees the one with whom he is stubborn and proud; he sees the man he had been. <br /> <br /> Scarlet, for her part, presents a fierce pride and a sharp tongue that serves to conceal her own insecurity about herself. Vega plays a role with a relationship with Freeman, who slides the line between almost daughters love and physical attraction, though she interprets it nicely and is not as strange as it sounds. But even when she's in touch with Freeman, Scarlet has a strong eye for the reality of their different worlds and cuts through Freeman's Hollywood bull * struck with a sharp pragmatism that refuses to accept anything other than the truth. <br /> <br /> The film is smart, fun and well written, with a simple but effective dialogue. I read an IMDb review that said the lines were "squeezed", which I think is a misinterpretation of realistic human speech. There are no big soliloquies here, no deep soul looking for moments. And so, trick is, I think, to show how people in everyday life can co-operate with each other. And I think Freeman and Vega have a beautiful marvel, paint a picture of a bond between two people shining like the sun in the ocean, ethereal and elusive. After he disappears, he lives in your memories, laughing at what he might have been. OK, it was a kind of flower, but I really enjoyed the performance and the movie. I would definitely recommend it.
