<br /> <br /> There is a STAR TREK canon - many of them. From the canon we know the history of the future. Advances in technology, events, places, first contacts with new beings, names, dates, etc. ENTERPRISE does not respect much of the ST canon. An unfortunate fact for serious, long-lasting fans. Like one, we assumed that manufacturers would at least take a look at the first episodes of TOS and retro back from there - but not. Phase pistols, like most of the technology, look more modern than those found in TOS. An old Starfleet laser gun, a slow-moving effect of gold drops - that's what I expected to see. I also did not expect to hear pure beep sound effects similar to TNG, but away from the sound effects of TOS. <br /> <br /> At first glance at TOS (the original pilot: THE CAGE), we see a more formal military fleet - a little old Navy Earth. With ENTERPRISE, we see a shocking rank injustice. There are more military codes in STAR BLAZERS than in ENTERPRISE. It is good that Captain Archer is not sure about the needs of the Universe (quite different from Kirk who has never lacked confidence in his application of human justice), but inside ENTERPRISE everyone seems to be equal. Unprofessional, uncertain, more distant from the official military service than the one found in any ST series - and that says a lot! The theme song of the opening of the anniversary's biggest music makes family trips rather than the adventures of a large military ship. THE ENTERTAINMENT shows us to show us a rather fun, warm and fuzzy exploration of human relationships, rather than bring us to a historical exploration, bold space. I would have chosen Adrian Paul to play the captain and an older man as a doctor. However, I really liked the actors for the most part. Linda Park, a remarkable dancer from Boston College, will certainly develop. The features that make up the crew appear to have been created. ENTERPRISE starts to run more powerfully than the last three STAR TREK series. Let's hope for a good future!
