Diego Armando Maradona was sixteen in 1978, when Argentina won the World Cup at home. He was already the biggest star and the best player in a country obsessed with football. Everyone asked Cesar Luis Menotti to play the boy's genius, but the manager thought he was not ready yet. History shows that Argentina won the World Cup in 1978 quite convincingly - they did not need Maradona. The same was not true in 1982. Spain was a disaster catalog for Argentina. Menotti - still smoking the chain - played this time by Diego, but the occasion was too great for such a temperamental boy. Maradona signed in Barcelona on 4 June 1982 for about $ 7 million - nine days later he played his first game at Camp Nou, and Belgium beat Argentina with a nil. It was not a good debut and, although he scored twice against Hungary in the next match, Maradona will remember Mundial as his place of nadir - a brutal, dissatisfied mistake of Brazil's Batista in the second round that ended suddenly the tournament and the Argentine Country is a world champion. But now it was all behind him. Maradona lost his way through mad times at Barca and left in 1984 to join Napoli. It was as if he had come home. The Napolitan typhus had done everything to draw Maradona to Naples, poor and poor. Elderly gifts and pocket money from young boys uncomfortably roamed with millions of camorra as part of the transfer fee, and the city was determined to make him feel at home. So at least for the time being, Maradona was El Rey - he brought Argentinian side to Mexico as one of the favorites and a new manager - Carlos Bilardo instead of Menotti. Maradona is the hero of this story, a winning World Cup car. In 1982, hundreds of young people died in an unnecessary battle for the Falkland Islands; now the British press wanted a rematch (with the same result) in Mexico City. Maradona was still regarded with distinction in England, recalling more of a superb performance in the UK during a tour in 1980 than in Spain. But he was still an Argie: the enemy. England actually started well and Lineker would have scored just after 12 minutes. A key event occurred at 8 minutes. Fenwick, the big and limited English defender, was reserved - he was terrified to make any challenges around the penalty area. After a first 45 minute delay, the second half began with a bang. Maradona danced in the 50th minute, but failed to pass. Similarly, Valdano's attempt only hit white shirts. Then the moment of infamy that serves as Diego epitaph. Hodge bawled the bizarre ball back into his own penalty area, Shilton hurried to claim - but it was Maradona, somehow rising over the English goalkeeper to hit the ball in the net. How did he do it? Simple: handball. <br /> <br /> The world's most famous football fame has moved in. Each spectator waited for Mr. Al-Sharif of Syria to blow for the foul (he did not). Shilton looked and turned to the line - ran back to the center circle. If he does not assassinate the Pope or become the first man to walk on Mars, when the greatest man dies, this moment will be shown first - with a long, slow and slow motion followed by the face of joy on his face . The next picture will be his next gift of the world - the best goal of the World Cup. Burruchaga crossed Maradona's ball to the right of his own half. He stretched and accelerated to Beardsley and Reid. This was the real Diego - he broke through Butcher and attacked Fenwick. Fenwick now had the opportunity to stop the attack. Normally, he would have straightened his boot somewhere near Maradona's thigh - surely he would have taken a red card, but who cares? Then Fenwick had a brain wave - he hesitated and decided to run into Maradona with flames - maybe he was trying to stop him? Diego fired in the box when Fenwick fell. The butcher had been with the genius as if he had given encouragement. Shilton panicked, and Maradona wandered around him and prepared to score. Now Butcher has recalled his role and tried to overthrow the Argentinean - instead he gave an extra boost to the shot that fell into the hole. England is back home. During this magical Mexican summers, the world found a successor to Pele. In fact, the biggest footballer ever was overcome - Pele was superb in 1958 and 1970, but he had big players around him. Maradona did not. 1986 was the World Cup.
