This film is a must for all people who enjoy football as an art. What strikes first about this film about a world football cup is how it is filmed. In addition to watching the game as a TV show, there are generous images dedicated to tracking individual players in games. This brings forward the emotions and situations that these men are going through by trying to reach glory. Today's television style, so different from 1986, is still inferior to this film. Players are not the only stars. Audiences, referees, journalists covering matches and the environment itself play a central role in the development of what today's history is. In this movie you can see how these factors play together in a very explicit way. In this sense, today's television broadcasting style has not yet reached this level of quality, although it is now much closer than before. There are several players highlighted: Maradona (Argentina), Elkjaer and Laudrup (Denmark)), Francescoli (Uruguay), Platini (France), Lineker (England), Rummenigge (Germany), Butrague # and Sanchez (Mexico). is not a collection of the best football moves in Mexico 1986, although most are well covered. Throughout the film, there is stress to present more aspects of the game and the competition itself, based on the progress of these players and teams, even at the price of jumping over relevant plays of the games themselves. That's why this movie is so exciting and unique. Because of what happened due to the 1986 Mexican referees, many of the comments on this film and the World Cup are heavily influenced by Maradona. Many of these comments do not take into account the fact that there is an arbitrator and two lines, that they are as human as the players and that all of the above mentioned make mistakes in one way or another. Football rules do not allow referees to use TV-based replies to make decisions, so for the most part, the referees have to decide on what they perceive. As a consequence, the referees play an active role in the development of a game. Their influence can be seen in several parts of this film. The sequential film for the 1990 World Cup, compared to it, is just a source of bitter disappointment. Much of this comes from being too involved in the game, while this movie tells things from a more distant and impartial point of view.
