People do not seem to give Lensman enough credit where it is due. Some issues have been overlooked which are the key to understanding the Lensman experience. Year: For the year that was made in (1984), Lensman has some of the most amazing effects I've ever seen. As a person who follows many animations in the 80's, Lensman is unique in using what appears to be computer-generated images at a time when computers were extremely primitive. Kim's fight against the geometrical cutters in the laser labyrinth can be taken as an excellent example of this. Every time I see that I must always repeat that it was 1984 when it was done. Soundtrack: Lensman has one of the most crazy soundtracks I have heard and this clever crazy beat penetrates every corner of the movie. Lensman borrowed a great deal on two Western mistakes and managed to deal somewhat first - the need to complete every second of silence in a music movie and the need for a heroine. While the music is well-tuned and galvanizes scenes such as the fight with motorcycles at the Radelyx Thioni Factory, the heroine theme fails because of Chris's distraction. It is interesting to note that constant music has ceased my attempts to eliminate noise when I archived the objective from the analogue band to the digital one - because there was only one second of silence available as a point of reference. <br /> <br /> Western influences: Helmut - sounds like a helmet and has almost the same voice as Darth Vader. Clarissa Fairborn - has the same hairstyle as the princess SW and her name sounds suspicious like Marissa Fairborn of Transformers. Takes on the role of Han Solos navigating the ship and having a technical experience. Buzzkirk - a clear improvement on Chewbaka. The objective - a concrete concrete copy of the force that happens less like a chance to preach Christianity to the audience than in the original SW. While the force is based on faith much more than concentration, the lens is a pure concentration tool. Theoretically, anyone can use the goal. The objective is much more limited than force - being a purely defensive / offensive weapon. Technology: The Bosnian Alliance has interesting meat sponge. They look like stormtroopers only with red uniforms instead of white. The idea of ​​a DNA weapon was enjoyable if it had been developed. The Galactic Alliance showed that Starblazers (or whatever it was called - that series of 60 they were fighting with the Xylons). There were not enough ships to hunt fights for me - this is greatly improved in the second Lensman movie. Finally a note on Worzel. This character is a unique and very interesting designer who, fortunately, continues on the second film. <br /> <br />
