Barbra Streisand's special debut performance is yet another milestone in the history of entertainment - in any media. Cleverly divided into three separate acts (to minimize the interruption of commercial breaks), Streisand made the bold and yet masterful decision to give up the typical varied show format of the time (which is why there are no guest stars or forced banter) show on shoulders. The risky movement has rewarded greatly as MY NAME IS BARBRA has set a new standard for television programming. Filmed in glorious black and white (which actually adds to the performance of the show) OUR NAME IS THE BARBRA is conceived without flaw and impressively shot. However, what makes the spectacle truly transcendent is Streisand. Watching 23-year-old artists navigating through the 55-minute performance is nothing less than thrilling. She is in fantastic voice (and even performs the entire first and third live act) and provides the first proof of the brilliant power of the star that will soon follow her on the big screen. it is bold to allow Streisand to stand on stage and sing a few great songs. After the powerful opening of the movie "Much More" (with a short opening from "My Name Is Barbara" by Leonard Bernstein), Barbra continues to wander through a multi-level studio, making a version frenetic version of the classic Disney "Late." Between the lyrics "I'm late," Streisand stops at different levels of the set to sing extraordinary numbers such as "Make Believe" and "How taste the wine" thunder? Halfway through Act 1, Barbra reintroduces into her own childhood the "A Kid Again" strain and then gives extremely energetic performances of "I'm Five" and "Sweet Zoo", while romping between a large set . The illusion is finally shattered because Streisand is out of fantasy and back into the real world. Then she sings about this childhood innocence lost in the wonderful "Where's the Wonder"? Streaming down on a platform scene, surrounded by a full room - full of musicians, and performing an impressive performance of "People" before the applause of a thrilled live audience. with Streisand, who made it for the studied audience with a campy interpretation of "I got the Blues," before sending a comedy monologue about "Pearl of Istanbul." Streisand then heads to Bergdorf Goodman's university store, which lets him sing a song of poverty songs as he parades in some of the elegant models of the store. This segment is the brightest attraction for many fans and critics. Several high points of act II include Streisand singing a small version of Second Hand Rose to the audience, appearing as a Latin bullfighter in the tone, "No one knows you when you're down and out," and portraying a frustrated paper as she wanders at "Brother, you can pay a dime." The third law of the special is a direct concert without pieces or concepts. Streisand is an artist who is really developing on the stage of the concert, and this segment is the most thrilling moment of this special show. Streisand enters an interpretation of "When the Sun Comes Out" and continues to amaze the spectator with a wonderful version of the "Why I Chose Me" ballad, a lively performance of "Lover Come Back to Me," and a passionate song of three songs from FUNNY GIRL. Streisand really wakes up with a phenomenal interpretation of Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday's "My Man" standard, which instantly became the singer's favorite songs. Streisand unfolds the immortal ballad version of "Happy Days Again Here" as the closing credits that roll on the left side of the screen. The iconic finish of the number reaffirms to the viewer that he or she has really seen something really special. OUR NAME IS THE BARBRA was a huge triumph when it was first broadcast, and eventually won five Emmy Awards, in addition to the reproduction of two Top-Five, Gold Soundtrack albums. Looking back at everything, there is absolutely no surprise.
