Streisand fans familiar with only her work in FUNNY GIRL have to watch this show to see what brilliant performer Streisand WAS - BEFORE achieving his objective of becoming Film Star. There she was not a female singer enough like her ever before, and it would never be again (sorry, Celine - just in your dreams) but never again, Streisand would sing with vibration, energy, and, above all, the Enthusiasm and VULNERABILITY that unfolds here - when she got to that Central Park concert just 2 or 3 years later, she shot FUNNY GIRL in Hollywood and her style of interpretation became less spontaneously and more reserved, more and more, let's face it: more angry) - there is a wall between it and the public. Live performance has never been what she really liked - she did it because she knew she was her Hollywood ticket and once she did not do it, she did as little as possible (and oh that legendary fear , excuse her voice here and on her earlier Judy Garland Show the look are incredible:! Streisand could really make an old new sound new song, and composers like Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen loved it for her. But in the '70s, Streisand tries to be a "rocker" singer, her albums joining the younger audiences, with the squeaking of songs that were not worthy of her effort or her voice. <br /> <br /> In the 1980s, she returned with that brilliant "Broadway Album," but she went on and what was a struggle to do as "they" told her not to do it , etc. - When did someone tell Streisand what to do? She could have done good things over time, bringing the UP public to her level instead of returning to what the young audience believed. (The sequel to "Back to Broadway" was not as good as Streisand seems to feel that it is necessary to improve the work of other compounds: if he were alive at the time, Richard Rodgers would have recognized his own "Some Evening Enchanted "Rodgers, notorious for taking the singers to play with his songs, would undoubtedly have been after Streisand sang what she had written. She also threw Michael Crawford from the CD in the duo" Music of the Night "it seems that he only remembers whose CD is, why she insists on getting songs that are due and singing by herself, and songs that are not righteous and sung like a duet with someone else who then Judy Garland is supposed to have taken Streisand aside and advised her, "Do not let them do what they did to me." Streisand's advice never scattered he wonders - despite his protests contrary, surely to seems was always her way or the highway. Just imagine - SHE said CBS brass how it would make its first special TV - not guests but just them. But no one can argue with the results so obvious here. Beware of this brilliant musical phenomenon before it's a legend - you'll be absolutely amazed by PS's difference! - I saw this again last night (12/01) after I did not see him for many years - it was even better than I remembered! Act 1 begins with "I'm late" and includes "Make Believe" and "How taste the wine," and the homage to Barbra in childhood, "I'm five" - ​​culminates in Streisand with full (and I mean FULL) People "- is not yet bored of the song and although it is a bit shorter transmission, it compares with some later" self-pilot "versions of it. The second act (after Streisand "kooky" schtick-patter, which has not changed much over the years) is the famous series of Depression songs in the middle of Bergdorf Goodman's extravaganza. <br /> <br /> The 3rd Act is the striker - call it Streisand, the Orchestra and the Audience (although we never see the audience supposedly witnessing this historic event). With audience fear and contempt for such performance, it could have been the most difficult part for her, but if she does, she does not show up for her. It breaks through "Lover Come Back to Me" and "When the Sun Comes Out" (though I do not remember in what order!), Poignant "Why Did I Choose You?" (One of my favorites all the time Streisand Shows) and offers a melody of FUNNY GIRL songs, including (of course) "No rain on my parade" and my favorite song from the score "The Music That Makes Me Dance." Explaining that "Fanny Brice sang such a song in 1922 and made her toast on Broadway," then Streisand sings "My Man" and is almost a rehearsal pattern for subsequent screenplay in FUNNY GIRL (the main difference is that the black gown here is sleeveless - her movie dress has long sleeves and black background, all I've seen is her hands and face), but the voice here is more urgent and charged than her later vowel (The Interpretation her song has everything to do with Streisand and has nothing to do with Fanny Brice, who of course did not sing the song in such an all-out way as Streisand does here or in the movie - see THE GREAT ZIEGFIELD for a piece of Brice's more undervalued version.) The show ends with Streisand singing "Happy Days Are Here Again" on credits. <br /> <br /> When it's over, I told my girlfriend that I was watching: "She NEVER, EVER, EVER, did something better!" And she was twenty-three years old!
