Barbra Streisand in 1964 was still a curiosity and probably raised more than a few eyebrows in the industry when CBS signed it with a $ 10 million television deal (nothing these days). But more important than that, Barbra and her manager insisted on creative control - and they took it. She had this special film, and for the most part her vision was, from time to time, intelligent, unpleasant and incredible. Opening act I with the title song (not written for her), Streisand runs through a classic song of "I'm late" (from "Alice in Wonderland!" - she even keeps the line about her ears fuzzy and muscle and "too long to shave"); this is a totally charming, if not bizarre selection - and enjoys it because it did not make the two albums released. It slows down for "Do Faith" (which may be too slow), but the drama "How Does The Wine"? It is amazing. "A child again" is cute (with Streisand looking tiny in a huge chair - is it where Lily Tomlin took the idea?), Like "Sweet Zoo" ("I'm a alligator - crocodile, alligator!" ). "Where is Wonder" is very cool and stylish, and her number "People", surrounded by an orchestra that touches her at the end of the play, is amazing. Act 2 is set up in Bergdof Goodman in New York, and Streisand is usually acting in high fashion projects (when she feeds on luck, the audience watching the band actually bends). Act III, in front of a studio audience (made up of lucky devotees of the fan club), begins with a strong version of "When the Sun Comes Out" (Streisand, in fact, seems to breathe near drama) followed by " You?" (probably her oldest song), a "boyfriend, come back to me" (where she was finally drowned by orchestra) and a "Funny Girl". The final, "Happy Days are Here Again", which took 12 rounds, closed the hour in an amazing way. Sponsored by Chemstrand (a fiber-producing company!), This black and white jewel moves quickly with jazz sets, terrific cinema, kicky sets and costumes. I really do not do that anymore - and this is especially true of La Streisand.
