I could not feel it could have been a bigger movie than it was. The script is extremely intelligent and seemed to have been opened in a way more like the seven. Not by changing the story - I think mainly through cinema. Cinematography was the only thing I found to keep it. On the other hand, the pace was absolutely up to date. Anyone who worked on editing really did a good job. And I thought Bill Paxton did a good job of driving. Now, far from the technical stuff ... This movie threw me a loop. SPOILER AHEAD !!!! I barely felt that Bill Paxton was crazy, and when Adam took the FBI agent to the rosary garden to show where the bodies were buried and revealed who he was, I threw a loophole. I suspected the first part of the twist, but what she really threw was when she touches the agent and sees the agent killing his mother and the fact that the agent (no words uttered simply by touch) sees her again with Adam and ask how he knew. My dilemma was not that it was yet a reversal, but the almost unmistakable idea that this man and his father were not mad, but they even chose "bad boys" to say so, already knowing their sins and their crimes. I do not approve an eye for an eye, so I did not let the movie believe that I was doing the work of God. Instead, I chose to think that they were both clairvoyants and that the father had gone one day from him and by the things his sons had subjected, he also bothered them permanently. That was my interpretation, but the stunning thing about the film was like a book house and an unceasing circle, and that is the correct interpretation of the disturbing events you have been listening to. It's definitely one of those movies I'd love to meet the writer, so I might just ask him what the real meaning of everything means. Were they mad and psychotic? Have they just been telepathized and got the license because of that? Or did they have a sort of appearance from God? And if so, it was God or the Devil hiding as God. My friends and I woke talking about it all night trying to figure out what it was and what the filmmakers thought was the answer when they made the movie. A totally amazing and thoughtful thing invoking the film with some is very disturbing but certainly not sensational. It's not a perfect movie, but it's definitely a thing of its own. A great directorial work and the act of Bill Paxton and the child who played Fenton was extremely good. I hope he will not end up relegated to child actor syndrome because he seems to have many promises. I gave this movie a good vote for most of the film making components, but I would have voted above if there was no feeling that something (though I can not tell what) was stopped and if it had not been, the movie would have reached even higher levels. However, a definitive recommendation, especially for those who are curious.
