"Frailty" is actually more a psychological thriller than a horror movie. He has all the traps of a horror movie, but that's not. "Frailty" is a movie about the perceptions of religion and the realization of the differences between good and evil. In "Frailty," a middle-aged father (Bill Paxton) and his two sons claim to do the work of God. Looks like I'm a trio of serial killers called the "hands of God." We are following the father to kill the "demons" in rather brutal ways, convincing his sons and himself to do the work of God, and that what they do is right. He claims to have received a message from an angel who gave him specific instructions to eliminate the demons who lived here on the earth. God gave him a list of names in exchange for his "services"; he and his sons will receive protection, which in principle means that the police will never be able to capture them. We see that all this is taking place in front of us in a very disturbing manner. But what is really disturbing about all this is the effect they have on the two sons, especially the eldest son, Adam. Adam himself seriously doubts the existence of a supreme being, that is until his father and a week in the cellar change all that. He knows his father has lost his mind and is pretty sure the same thing happens to his younger brother, Fenton. Fenton, the other half of this puzzle, takes everything as if it were his own religion. He seems to be trapped in his father's world of God and demons. I suppose this is because it is so young and easy to impress. But everything that happens with these three is quite convincing, in fact, TOO convincing. <br /> <br /> Events appearing in the film can be seen as a vivid hallucination that is experienced by the three main characters. I say this because everybody reacts to the situation in different ways and at some point in the movie that everybody claims to see God. The father first sees the murders as a mission. His mission ultimately consumes and quickly turns into an obsession with eradicating demons. In fact, his hallucination is the primary one. His "orders" and the list of names he receives are all part of this hallucination. Watch the scene where your father finds the ax in a barn to find out where they come from. Fenton, the little son, is easily impressed by all this talk of demons and destruction. Since he is so young, it is easy for him to fall into his father's trap. Adam, on the other hand, is very skeptical about his father's actions. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS *** <br /> <br /> In a way, the hallucination ends when my dad is killed towards the end of the movie. (I will not say how or under what conditions). But I will say it is not pleasant. After his death, he is fast moving to this day. (The story is said by flashbacks, as seen through the eyes of the eldest son Adam). In fact, Fenton is the one who tells the story, not Adam, as he originally thought. The story is said as it perceived it through the actions and deeds of his brother. Fenton became mad and continues what his father started praising the FBI agent in his trap. Because religion is a major theme in this film, the film also plays how easy it is for religion to be misinterpreted by those who do not have a full understanding of it. Before Father discovered his newly discovered mission, he did not have a clear understanding of religion, nor did he fully believe in a supreme being. The sons of Fenton and Adam often sang the church hymns of innocent children, but probably did not have a clear understanding of what the lyrics meant. After revealing the newly discovered mission of the father, they both took off in separate directions - Adam remained doubtful about the existence of a supreme being while Fenton was gradually aspired to his father's madness. <br /> <br /> A very good thriller that will come out of you, do not look at it yourself.
