Fragility is a horror film that does not reach the gorillas, which reaches its cold, following the logic and the impact of the deception / obsession of a man directly in depravity. Father (never teach him the name) is a gentle and loving father who grows up after his mother died giving birth to the youngest son, Adam. The family of the family turns their heads down one late night when the father enters the boys' room and tells them that God gave him a vision. And what vision? The entire family job is to destroy the demons, which, of course, are disguised in human form. Continuing from this premise, the film is steadfast in its pursuit. Does the father abduct people / demons whom God has told him to destroy, bind them, put their hand on them to see a vision of their evil, and then kill them? making his young people look. Fenton, the bigger boy, is terrified, seeing only a father who turned into a crazy killer. Adam, the youngest, is uncomfortable, but he trusts that Dad follows the will of God. Finally, my father takes his sons in missions to abduct the "demons" that God puts on his father's list and eventually invites them to participate fully in God's family mission. understands, an abusive father. He loves his children. He just follows the instructions of God: "This is our job now, son, we have to do that." When Fenton, terrified and convinced that his father was angry, says he will report it to the police, his father explains: "If you do that, son, I will die. The angel was clear about that." The pressure children have on their children is unbearable and tragic, and they are overturning their lives. (1) The structure of the film is similar to the one used in The Obvious Suspect: A flashback story, said in a police station to an FBI agent. The moody illumination, the stormy weather and the astonishing calm nowadays add to the threat of the future. I wanted to believe that the horror that unfolded was just a story until I remembered the real life story of Andrea Yates, who thought she was possessed by Satan, and that she could save her children by drowning. Even then, I wanted to think I was looking at a human tragedy, rather than a story of divine revenge. The film did not give me any comfort, however, given that it gave strong clues at the end of the year to the veracity of my father's vision. And that, as much as plot holes, has put me in a problem. Regardless of the exactness of the father's views, regardless of the evil that his victims have committed, where does anyone derive authority to act as an angel of death? (1) Roger Ebert review, 4/12/02
