Okay, the recent history of Star Trek was not good. The next generation has disappeared in its last seasons, the DS9 boldly stood where no one had stayed, and Voyager started very badly and never respected the promise. So when they announced a new Star Trek series, we had no big expectations. And the first episode, Broken Bow, had some problems. But, overall, it was a solid passage and a good ador. <br /> <br /> I will remove the nits from the first path. The theme of opening is boring and I do not look forward to staying with it regularly, but that's why it's remote. What was really bad was the completely free spice of the lotion, which almost led my wife out of the room. They have to cut the nonsense out. But the plot was strong and moved well. Characters, though still new, seem to be well rounded and not always what you would expect. Volcanoes are clearly presented very differently than before, with a slightly threatening theme. I really liked the linguist, who is the first Star Trek character who is not able to stand proud in the face of death but rather has to deal with his phobias and fears. They seemed to be valid for the role of Trek, something that was a significant issue in the previous series, although they have enough time to bring us things like shield shooting, instant invention of technology that can solve anything, and the inevitable chaos of stories time travel. Whoever wants to start swimming as long before the Borg appears? <br /> <br /> In total, the series has enormous potential. They see the universe with fresh eyes. We have the chance to find out how things went the way they were in the subsequent series. How did the Klingons go from insult to war? How did I meet Romulans? How did the Federation form and who made Earth accountable? Why is the main directive so important? If they tackle these things rather than spitting the episodes of travel time, it will be an interesting series. My favorite line: Zephram Cochran saying "where no one has gone before" (no "nobody")
