A number of films by Richard Attenborough as director were biographies of major historical figures - "Young Winston", "Gandhi", "Chaplin". "Gray Owl" is also a filmed biography of a historical individual, but in this case, Attenborough's subject is a more obscure character. Gray Owl was a Canadian writer of the 1920s and 1930s who promoted environmental and nature conservation ideas at a time when these causes were less fashionable than at present. He was considered to be American Indian; the story he said about himself was that he was born in Mexico to a Scottish father and Apache mother and that he emigrated to Canada where he was adopted as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a cabin near a lake in a distant part of the Canadian wilderness where he earned his life as a trap. He made a tour in the UK twice in 1935 and 1937 to promote his books and to teach a conference on conservatism and achieved great success, even being introduced into the Royal Family. (During these tournaments, Attenborough, then a teenager, saw Gray Owl at the Palladium Theater in London). After his death in 1938, however, it was discovered that he was not the one who claimed to be; his real name was Archibald Belaney and he was born in the English town of Hastings. The film moves somewhat away from the deeds of Gray Owl's life. In a scene set in 1934, he says he is 41 years old; in fact, he was born in 1888, so he would have been 46 that year. (46 would have been Pierce Brosnan's age when the movie was made, so I do not know why this change was made). Many events are compressed in the last four years of Gray Owl (1934-1938). In the film, during this period he meets and marries Gertrude Bernard, whom he named Anahareo; in fact, met and married Gertrude since 1925. The film also omits the fact that they were divorced in 1936 and that Gray Owl was remarried shortly before his death. The revelation of Gray Owl's true identity has negatively affected his posthumous reputation and was dismissed as "fraud." Assuming deception was even used to discredit the causes it has claimed. Richard Attenborough, however, has a more sympathetic view on his achievements. One of the themes explored by the film is the issue of ethnic identity. Although former Archibald Belaney was not a Canadian Indian by birth, there is no doubt that he had a profound knowledge of Ojibway's culture and lore and that he spoke fluently his tongue. He was accepted by Ojibway as a member of their tribe. It therefore seems unfair to describe his claim to a native North American identity as fraudulent, only because he was an identity he had chosen rather than one in which he was born. According to the film, Gray Owl's wife, Gertrude, was of Indian origin but came from a family that had been assimilated to the Canadian white culture. As a result, her marriage can be seen as claiming her family's original cultural heritage. She was clearly influenced by her husband, but she also had an influence on him, convincing him to quit his job as a furry-bearer as she had moral objections to kill animals for their fur. made of the film is that Pierce Brosnan is a "miscast" as a hero, a criticism that seems to be rooted in the premise that Brosnan can only play action heroes in the James Bond mold. It seems to me, however, that Brosnan could deliberately take this role to avoid being broadcast, and Gray Owl, taciturn, is about as far from sophisticated Bond as it can be. The original bond, Sean Connery, seems to have deliberately opted for contrasting roles when he appeared in films like The Hill or The Molly Maguires. Brosnan is actually very good in this role, although I would agree with those who found Annie Galipeau as weak as Gertrude. Another criticism I frequently disagreed with is that the film is "boring." It's definitely not a action movie like Bonds, nor is it a big biopic epic like "Gandhi," and it may seem boring to those but it is possible to thank anyone who is interested in the early days of the preservation movement or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity. "Canadian forest scenes are also photographed Richard Attenborough made us a service helping to revive the interest in this half-forgotten but fascinating figure.
