Originally conceived as a solo vehicle for Dudley Moore, "Not only ... but also," he saw his former collaborator "TheBeyond The Fringe," Peter Cook, at the first show, and so received the BBC-2 controller to be on him every week since then. They were a classic comedy crew - Cook was tall, handsome and charming, while Dudley was short, charismatic and musically talented. The sketch that brought the house down had them in a pub, wearing flat caps and dampers, fanning out about film stars like Jane Russell and Greta Garbo. It remains one of the most hilarious sketches of all time, and even when Cook fries, he is still well together. These characters - the idiot Pete and even the bigger Dud - have found their way into every episode of the show, seen in a different setting, such as a zoo or art gallery. Eventually they ate sandwiches while discussing works of art. "Leonardo da Vinci's potato ... I do not see joke!", Says Dud. Pete points out that, when first revealed, they probably had people on the move. Dud bends close to his rasc. "You really enjoy these sandwiches!" Ad libs Cook. The walls sank their humor from another in a pleasant way to look. The sketches themselves set new standards for comedy, standards that would not fit until the arrival of "Monty Python". As the popularity of the show has increased, so does the quality of the stars. Peter Sellers, for example, and John Lennon, the latter presenting a film based on his poem "Deaf Ted, Danoota, & Me." "One Leg Too Few" - had Dud as "George Spigott" (a name later re-used in the movie "Bedazzled"), a single-legged man who is hitting the office of the Cook film producer at the audition for the role 'Tarzan'. Cook tries to get him as good as he can. "I have nothing against the right foot!" He says. "The problem is - and you do not have it!" Dud would occasionally interview the eccentric Sir Arthur Streeb-Greebling (Cook), who, when he did not invoke the ravens fly under water, intended to open a restaurant named "The Frog & The Peach". Another classic was "The Jungle of Jumping" (also reused in "Bedazzled"). But my favorite always has to be "Superthunderstingcar", a funny (and accurate) parody of Gerry and "Thunderbirds" by Sylvia Anderson. Pete and Dud played all the roles, the latter making a "Lady Penelope". "Ludwig" had Ludwig Van Beethoven as the star of "This Is Tom Jones". "The Bargus Immortal" was a spoofing documentary about the life of the exclusive "Emma Bargo" movie star. At an unforgettable moment, she drove through London, crying through a noise: "I want to be alone!". A feature of Season 3 was "Poets Cornered," such as Ronnie Barker, Spike Milligan, Barry Humphries, Willie Rushton and others were suspended from a gang reservoir. Each of them had to improvise the line of a poem, and anyone could not make him rip the bent on the ugly things. Three seasons were made in all, produced (at different times) by Joe McGrath, Dick Clement and Jimmy Gilbert. Unfortunately, very few editions survive. To make things worse, the scenarios were also destroyed. It seems that this situation has been left to happen. The show ended in 1970. The comic strips then hit Broadway, they made the scary bands "Derek & Clive," but Cook's alcoholism was interrupted. Eight years later, Cook announced that a new series was out, but it turned out to be a desire for thought on his part. His former partner made films in America and did not intend to work again with Cook (not at that time, anyway). Sufficient image was overturned together for a BBC-2 rehearsal season in the early 1990s. As expected, some elements did not stay as good as others. Cook died in 1995 and, as a tribute, B.B.C made a program compiled from various interviews "Parkinson" and "Not only ... but also". It ended quite properly when Pete and Dud were in Heaven. "That blood hell!" Exclaim the latter. Moore went on in 2002.
