The company, the latest spin-off from the most successful budget to the most successful franchise in the history of television or film, opens to a 90-minute episode called "Broken Bow." First of all, we are in a massive action sequence with a klingon being pursued by some Sulibans (who are the main enemy in the first season of the show). From there, the television movie takes us on a journey that is rarely as good as some of the best character, story and action / visual effects ever seen in such a short period of time. <br /> <br /> Opening credits are a questionable topic among the Enterprise fans, which some think the song is not in place. What they can not figure out is the lyrics themselves. If someone listens to the real song, instead of the theme, they will begin to catch the pieces of the puzzle together. And finally, as the series progresses further, and we learn more about our valid captain and crew, the song will become meaningful. Diane Warren's overall theme is beautifully orchestrated and sung well by opera singer Russell Watson. What makes any television show visible and worth watching from time to time is its character and how it becomes structured and stratified. The Enterprise is (in my opinion) one of the best-presented shows at The Next Generation. Scott Bakula's choice as Captain Jonathan Archer was the best decision after Gene threw Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard. While the captain always leads the show, Bakula adds subtlety to his role and brings a huge smile to the faces of any man who has blood pumped into his veins. He is simply (a wise actor and a smart man) a wonderful human being, and his charm, spirit and compassion are overwhelming to be watched. As for other cast members, my favorite is John Billingsley acting as Phlox. It is also nice to see a non-human role, and the decision to give the captain a dog called "Porthos" was a well-received idea. Throughout the show, the character's evolution was brilliant, it was fast, well-planned and almost perfect. I say almost because unfortunately the character of Travis Mayweather, played by Briton Anthony Montgomery, is a bit weak at the end of the first season. He has a few things to say here and there, but he remains in the hands of the producers to make it more important. Jolene Blalock is great as T'Pol Subcommander, sometimes tough but equally enjoyable. Dominic Keating, Lieutenant Malcolm Reed plays an important role and is convincing that the weapons officer. Connor Trinneer plays Commander Charles "Trip" Tucker, who always adds the character's comedy style and eventually Linda Park as Ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weaker character but fortunately becomes interesting. All these characters make up the Enterprise and all produce a quality that Star Trek has not seen for a long time. Every person makes this show worth watching. Good smiles and senses are guaranteed right from the very first time we see them all at the Enterprise NX-01 ship's bridge. The ship itself, the NX-01 is somewhat questionable in design. The series is set 150 years ago and 100 years before Captain Kirk. So why does the ship seem to be similar to the mid-twentieth-century ships, that is, the Akira class ship? Continuity was a problem in the Enterprise, but fortunately, Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] provide adequate explanations for each of them. Continuity is a problem only if you are always an examiner and you are obsessed with the smallest detail. If you see the open-minded show, then you will not have any problems, but you need to know "why" all the time. So what did Berman and Braga give to Star Trek fans about the ship's drawing itself? According to them, the NX-01 is the way it happens because of the First Contact incident. When Zefram Cochrane saw Enterprise-E through a telescope and spoke with Riker's command team, he changed his ideas. This is a good enough explanation for me. Of course, it is not so easy for some fans to accept this type of response, some go to refuse to see the show until they get a reasonable answer. Come on boys grow up. When George Lucas destroyed the Star Wars Saga with the launch of his new trilogy, fans could not do anything, just track and fill everything up anyway. And then they learned it, maybe it's not that bad after all. If you can not accept a quality show for what it is, not what should be in your mind then go elsewhere. Or try to become a producer in the show and then see what you can do. Enterprise sets remind me a lot about Defiant in Deep Space Nine. They often seem cold and have a strange aspect of modern structure for them and they call out they belong to the army. Perhaps why the crew of USS (also known as the American fleet) likes so much. They are striking sets and are the perfect show. Rick Berman, the "ruler of the empire," as John Logan and his counterpart, Brannon Braga, put it so precisely, struck his nails exactly where they should and in all the right places. Whether it's technique, visual, sound, editing or score. The enterprise is a wonderful demonstration of how good fictional television science can ultimately be in the hands of the geniuses. Geneval Roddenberry would be proud of this series and a Star Trek fan, so you should do it.
