The tourist season has just ended on a remote island off the coast of Scotland, winter begins to settle, and the inhabitants, both men and sheep, settle down to quieter times. Michael Gaffikin (the former British army paratrooper) is the local dentist, not an insularist by birth, and as such, his relationship with the artist and cartoonist Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) is always viewed with little suspicion, not with malice, but only with the instinct the protection the community has for their father. Island saturation is broken when Gaffikin out for a solitary golf course finds the headless remains of a brutally killed woman. He immediately reported his terrible discovery to Insp Inskip (Maurice Roeves) at the island police station, and Inskip arranges the delivery of the remains to the local general practitioner, Dr. Goudry, for a more careful inspection. A quick search for the killer turns out to be helpless, as is the search for a missing local woman. On dinner that evening with Michael Gaffikin, Fiona realizes that the dead woman could be Sheila Anderson, a woman in the continent who lives on the island during the winter months. A quick search at her house, Dove Cottage, reveals the missing remnants of her body, her home proving to be the scene of the crime, but why did the killer pull his trunk over a mile in the woods? Suspicion comes immediately to an alien leeway on the island, a Colonel Howard (Jonathan Newth) who also happened to be the last person to see her alive while meeting the last ferry together. Goudry asks Gaffikin for a dental experience about the body of the victims, shows that she was broken or someone of great power, a set of teeth on the body seems to point a human killer, another indicates an unknown animal of some kind. A mutilated sheep is discovered, and then a Canadian ornithologist is found dead. With a rolling mist in, the island is cut off from the mainland and any possibility of help, the radio also does not work, it seems blocked and phone lines have been cut off. Reports of UFOs and observation of a camouflaged soldier are complicated by finding a strange craft hidden behind the cliffs on the beach. Inskip is confused and refuses to listen to anything but facts and laughs at Gaffikin's idea that strangers might be involved, but an increase in radioactive levels on the island is doubtful. based on the novel "Child of the Vodyanoi" by David Wiltshire, is adapted here by Dr Who and Blake's screenwriter Robert Holmes, directed by Douglas Camfield, who also had directorial experience on both Sci-Fi classics, and the film benefits such experience of on-board gender experts. The nightmare, however, is, as a whole, a finer artisanal piece that builds its plot along with the solid development of the character, even to the minor characters, giving them a firm background. The setting of the island is probably a cliché of the genre that has been used again and again, but the one he enjoys very much, the removal, the sense of being in the siege without any exit, is always added to the atmosphere and here offers an extra oomph by having an impenetrable fog almost preventing all efforts. In many such genre efforts, it is very easy for the procedures to become silly and the plot has to resort to the melodrama, but the credit for Camfield, he keeps them together with the emphasis on credibility at all times. There is authenticity in terms of procedures, characters even speaking Gaelic to continue doing so. If there is a negative about the murderer, we are given the POV for murder, a cliche acceptable on our own, but when seen through a red filter and a fish eye lens, he just calls overloading and dates the film just a little. However, you will find it difficult to guess the result or identity or, if appropriate, the species of the killer, given the clues presented, but it is a fun and well-played piece. Local Scottish distribution is exceptional, local beans Roeves and Cosmo, in particular, scatter well and are a pleasure to look. Imrie, never one that I have not taken in other papers, is also pretty good and physically displays feminine as if it were in a Hammer production. The unusual, perhaps even absurd, end may disturb viewers, disappointed me in some respects, but taking into account the moment when it was made, it is an acceptable and acceptable understanding that if you think about it, it is even more terrifying.
