An unmarried twenty-year-old (played by John Travolta) leaves the farm and goes to Houston, where he teaches life and love in a Texas ton. At face value, it's a modern love story ... Texas style. There are a lot of cowboy hats, vans, beer marks for neon, and references to large and royal buckles. Music, if not natal in Texas, is tailored to Texas, courtesy of Mickey Gilley, Johnny Lee and Charlie Daniels. And that Texas twang ... "y'all". The story and the characters are as subtle as the taste of the Texas cells of five alarms made with Jalapeno peppers. It is enough for viewers to abandon the film in favor of a classic gentleman, with the role of Laurence Olivier or Ingrid Bergman, perhaps. "Hamlet" is not. But "Urban Cowboy" is spicy and explicit, and I like it somehow. Technically, the movie is generally good. Dialogue, production design and costumes are all realistic; editing is good. Both the casting and the act are commendable, if not Oscar worthy. I would not have thrown Travolta in the role she's playing, but she's doing a good job ... up to Debra Winger. Barry Corbin and Brooke Alderson, among others, are also good in supporting roles. But the cinema seemed weak. The movie I watched was granulated and sometimes suffered from a reddish / orange hue, a visual feature I noticed in other films of the same period. At first glance, the film does not seem to offer any "social or political" message. But I would argue that when Urban Cowboy was released twenty-five years ago, it had rather prophetic implications. In 1980, the US had all sorts of problems, at least being American hostages held by Iran. In the minds of many people, Americans have been pushed, harassed. This film, along with others in his day, offered something that the Americans wanted him to see in their political leaders. .. hardness. Urban Cowboy is a very physical movie. The characters in it may not be the brightest men on Earth. But they are tough! Everything about Urban Cowboy is anti-intellectual. As a vehicle of cultural expression, then, the 1980 film was one of several that marked a new difficult era for the US. It began in 1980 with Reagan's choice. And that epoch continues today, with a president who probably will not be retained for his intellect, but will be reminded of his hardness and aggression, features that Americans seem to gravitate as surely as Texans in the five alarm cell.
