First, let me say that I'm not from the south, but I'm American. I do not like country music, but I can stomach. I would never wear a cowboy hat, but I was wearing the hats. I do not live in a trailer, but I eat a tuna salad and own a house. What about this comment? Many if you are one of those people who say that only the "country," people love this movie. This film is based on the premise "They Loved and Lost". James Bridges leads an American love story as real as it happens. In a time of Jerry Springer and the "Lets put it out there" mentality, this film is more than ever. <br /> <br /> Bud is "old" and embarks on his own life with little help from his aunt and uncle, so he moves into the big city with them. Bud is attracted to the local tonic world, so the only escape can afford a blue man. He quickly meets Sissy, who has a similar background, and the two of them have a story of winds full of pains and pains. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> (* This plot lasts so long that you have to stay just a few minutes before being tilted.Marriage is an accent that is often missed.the transition from being unique to marriage The film takes you to highlights some of the modern fights a woman has when marrying an old man and equalizing the male ego with women and competition. <br /> <br /> Bud is challenged and excited when Micky put in an electronic bull. Sissy gets ideas to have fun, but she is quickly reminded that she is married and has to start acting like that. The emotion between the two characters is brutal and expressive, and the plot continues from there, especially when it is scattered, and Sissy falls for an ex con for a torment for abuse and cruelty. Soon she realizes that grass is not always greener on the other side. How can someone compare Bud with Vinnie Barbirino is shocking to me. John Travolta gave exceptional performance, which was a worthy recognition. He was credible and real. The scene where she shakes her beard and you see it for the first time at the bar ... gives me my lips. Remember, I'm not a big fan of Travolta, but keep going, I see why Sissy hit her boots so early in the movie. Deb Winger was so real that you felt sympathetic to her, while she gave emotions to Bud after he sneaked to clean up her house during their breakup. <br /> <br /> The tower was incredible. Wes played by Scott Glenn gave a first-class performance that made you hate and curse him as he abused Sissy. Madolyn Smith-Osborne, in the role of Buds Mistress / girl, was so authentic that the big leather girls in the United States prayed to wake up flat to wear the clothes she put on the film. The biggest kudos go to Barry Corbin and Brooke Anderson as Bud's aunt and uncle. They looked like aunt and uncle somewhere in Texas, and no matter how small their role, they made the movie much bigger and more realistic. Two memorable scenes were the Dolly Parton contest and the unforgettable scene where Bud and aunt are out after one of the characters' deaths. The dialogue between them is touched. If you can see this for what it is, a true American love story. Then I recommend you take it for what it is ... a movie before the time that gave us voyeurism into a world different from our own, but sufficiently real for our pleasure and entertainment. If this world sounds like yours, then you will enjoy much more. Finally, the dated music will send you back in time if you are over 30 years old.
