There is no greater disadvantage than history to do than to misrepresent it. This takes the easiest and deeper way, simply portraying it as a monster. It only shows its negative sides and exaggerates it. "Those who are ignorant of the past make us repeat." He was a human being. This can be difficult for some people to accept, but an important part of life is faced with what we do not want to. Rather than demonizing man, we should try to understand it. Otherwise, we have little chance of preventing anyone in the future, or even at present, from succeeding in any comparable range at great distances, to the extent that it causes damage and misery. Hate him and what he did, do not do something mythical, intentional or otherwise. Frankly, too much of this mini-series could play "dumu dumu * duuum *!" after or during the scenes. Everything nodded, dazed and smiled at the audience, with a clear message about "was that bad guy or what", incorporating every bad feature (and doing more that go directly against who and what), letting them appear more much or less from nowhere and have constant lifetime, not something he believed or claimed. This should never be used to educate. Use Der Untergang (Downfall, in English) and perhaps highlight some inaccuracies in this regard. This is disrespectful of the actual events that have taken place and of all the survivors, not to mention those who have died. The cinematic quality? Lightning. Excellent production excellence, a solid arc of well-said plot, what characterization is happening, strong and credible, the dialogue and the script are great, all the performances are great (Carlyle looks and plays the role ... as it was written ... perfect), music is well composed, cinema and editing are impeccable and creative, and this is certainly dramatic, fun and riveted. They have meetings and many happenings and they are right. If I had been offered to work on this and did not feel I could be objective enough to make Hitler appear as a fully braided person, I would have refused, quoting it as a reason. I do not blame anyone for kidnapping him. How can you forgive what he did, and are we sure we should do that? It's not what I suggest. Finally, let me point out that, as I write, we are in a global economic crisis that lasted about two years and which is not at all different from the collapse of the 1929 stock exchange. The two reasons led to a the depression of the new millennium are as follows: governments give money to banks to maintain the market, and most countries are now friendly to each other. Besides, the lesson has not been taught. We hope he has it now. Back to that ... my suggestion? Read a book, non-fiction, dealing with the subject. There is a lot of intelligence. The DVD has a trailer. I recommend this only to those who know better and urge someone who has been seeking the truth. 8/10
