In Christian Duguay's film Hitler: The rise of evil, the early years of Hitler's life and politics, are shown in a successful way with some minor historical errors and some exaggerations. It is quite natural for a Hollywood film to contain such things because the main purpose of the production is the income they will get from the film. Even if such mistakes can disappoint some members of the audience who think that everything has to be done by the book, I think most of them fit well with the rest of the movie, making it more interesting. We must not forget that this film is not a documentary. Who cares about how his dog died anyway. Throughout the film, Hitler is portrayed as a psychologically unstable figure who is very angry and very passionate about his ideas. But he was not portrayed as a super-villain, but rather as an ambitious politician. I think this is a beautiful perspective because the movie is not contaminated by tons of negative emotions and this made the film somewhat objective. Yes, he was a bit angry, and his methods were tough, but he was still a man who was not an absolutely crazy figure, as he was portrayed in "The Outrageous Bastards." I think he made the film more realistic even with some inaccuracies in historical facts. The flow of history is beautifully reflected in viewers. Even though the focus of the film was around Hitler, we also had the chance to see what happens in the country as a result of these actions through newspapers, people's talks, and songs in a Jewish cabaret. Also, society's reaction was also reflected in the film, but it was very limited. The fights of journalist Fritz Gerlich and the ironic plays in the cabaret were fun and exciting, but that was all. Especially because I saw his followers twisting the streets and praising him. Another thing missing in the film is the information about the origin of his hatred for the Jews. At the beginning of the film, some ideas were given about it, but they were pretty superficial. Suddenly he was a politician who gave speeches about the need to exterminate the Jews. In conclusion, Hitler: Rise of Evil can not be considered an excellent movie that everyone will want, but is not at all satisfactory. If you can deal with directors who change history for money, this is an interesting film that reflects Hitler's personality in a successful way.
