"Hitler: Rise of Evil" has been shrouded in controversy before it's ever broadcast, and this controversy could hide the making of the film. Those who criticized the movie, whom they did not see, so with good intentions, based on the misconception that they were too sympathetic to Hitler. However, they misunderstood the point: to humiliate the evil that Hitler does not sympathize with. It is more disturbing to realize that the indescribable acts committed by one of the greatest criminals of history have been committed by a human being. A sick man, sick, though, but a human being. It is necessary to know the story of how Hitler succeeded in reaching power to prevent this from happening again. "Rise of Evil" is highlighted by an excellent career performance by Robert Carlyle, which makes Hitler a human being without ever redeeming him. Carlyle undoubtedly captures the looks and manners of the Nazi leader without ever letting it turn into a caricature or distancing us (what Anthony Hopkins failed to achieve when interpreting Hitler in "The Bunker," another great product good for movie television). While being rejected by the depravity and virulence of Hitler's anti-Semitism, Carlyle gives him a certain amount of magnetism and power that true Adolf Hitler must possess. After all, while something else was a nation they followed him? From various subplots, by far the most convincing features of Matthew Modine as reporter Fritz Gehrlich, who makes his life work to draw attention to the reality of Hitler and Nazism. While Modine's performance is a bit stubborn in part 1, part 2 seems to have settled, character gives us a real hero in a movie full of villains. Peter Stormare and Liev Schrieber also offer strong support. Part 1 of this mini-series in two parts has suffered a bit of exaggeration, including a look at Hitler's childhood, which only lasts for the opening of credits. In the second part, the sections describing Hitler's relationship with niece and Eva Braun's mistress are less successful than the central plot, but serve to give us a more in-depth insight into his mental and emotional state. Ultimately, no film about Hitler can make us understand it. The ordinary person is, fortunately, incapable of ever understanding a man who would attempt to exterminate a whole race of people. "Hitler: The Rise of Evil" is trying less to make us understand Hitler and more to make us understand how he got power. It's an important story that must be said, and it's impossible to believe that someone who saw the film would accuse it of having nothing but the best intentions and the ability to do anything but good. > 9 of 10. *** 1/2
