I agree with many of the negative reviews posted here, for reasons that I will come later. But this miniseries are strong and convincing, because the talented cast really surprises the dark truth of Hitler's world. Peter Stormare is perfect like Ernst Rohm, Brownshirt's brutal leader. Every scene he has with Hitler is explosive! Hitler is so bad that he dominates all but Rohm, the laughing and primitive man, and he is clearly digging Rohm for this reason. The interest between Stormare and Carlisle illuminates the way Hitler enjoyed Rohm's brutality, but later sacrificed him for political reasons. Jena Malone turns into an unimaginable performance like Geli Raubal, the niece condemned by Hitler and the perversion victim. Without revealing sexual dangers directly, Jena Malone plays all the horror of the quietest disappearance of the spirit of a young girl. She uses her eyes and voice to suggest the whole horror that will be visited by millions in the years to come. And it's brilliant! Zoe Telford fits very close to Jena Malone with her portrait of Eva Braun. Eve is clearly sick, cruel and heartless - but at the same time almost deplorable depends on Adolph's sensuality. The scene of their love abortion (which alludes to the fury of Hitler's vertebral column, enormous self-contempt) is so cold and erotic. Liev Schrieber offers a delicious weaseling performance like Putzi Hanfstaengel, a man without a backbone, a city that is seduced by Hitler's promise of wealth and power. While a brute like Rohm simply loves the idea of ​​crushing skulls under his boots, Schrieber's character is one of the many Germans who fear Nazi violence but can not withstand the fast and easy route to money and power. His mild spite of Hitler will soon lose his wife's respect, played with the stunning and sensual style and sensuality of Julianna Margulies. They offer a true portrait of marriage and betrayal. These performances carry the mini series, easily overcoming the occasional weaknesses of the scenario. There is an exception. Unfortunately, Matthew Modine's acting beaks are just not up to the snuff. His noble, rude old journalist ruins every scene he has - the viewer is just waiting for Rohm's brown shirts to master his reticent and straight-backed look at his face of Hollywood gold boy. But the story still works. Now, with regard to the factual inaccuracy of the scenario - Hitler's perversions and cruelty are rendered in a vibrant and convincing drama. But the record of Hitler's battlefield is seriously distorted. As if afraid that the public can not cope with the idea of ​​evil and courage in the same person, the writers make Hitler look like a crying coward who "begged" for a Iron Cross. As if someone in the Kaiser army could get a medal only if they were crying about it! The film shows that Hitler was a coward in trenches when he was a fearless soldier. He also suggests that his comrades despise him when, in reality, he was widely admired by both officers and men alike. The depressing thing is that the mini-series succeeds so well in representing Hitler as a monster honestly - but they could not resist cheap blows. However, Hitler: RISE OF EVIL is an increasing success highlighted by strong performance.
