The latest episode of the original Star Trek series is an interesting, sometimes melancholy, installment that proves that the show is still exploring its characters even at this time in the third season; though erroneously, "All Yesterday Today" has its moments and, in general, a moody, convincing sense of it. Kirk, Spock, and McCoy head for a planet, assuming they arrive in the nick of time to save or, at least, give a warning to any population, because the sun's planet has to explode in a few hours. But, as it turns out, the people there are too aware of the fate of the planet and, using a kind of travel device in time, have escaped in the past. Everyone has managed to choose the place and time they would like to live in a "library" led by an old man named Mr. Atoz. Atoz assumes that the three men are looking for a past in which to live, and show him different times from which to choose viewers. There is a confusion quite forced at the beginning of the episode, with lines like: McCoy - Where did they go? Atoz - wherever he wanted. The misunderstanding could easily be clarified, but for plotting purposes it is not, and soon Kirk is back in a 18th century England-like period, while Spock and McCoy are sent to an era of ice, 5000 years in the past of the planet. From here, the focus is on Spock and his relationship with a woman exiled so far by a tyrant as a punishment. Spock begins to play increasingly emotionally, showing anger at McCoy and profound affection for Zarabeth, the woman. Eventually, he realizes that he returns to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors in Vulcan, 5000 years ago. Kirk goes back to the library and finally convinces Mr. Atoz that he does not belong to the history of his planet. Spock and McCoy are back just before it's too late, leaving Zarabeth behind; The company supports the three steps and shortens as the sun explodes, destroying the planet. The interaction between Spock and Zarabeth offers the most memorable moments of this episode, though Kirk's adventure in the "English" past is amusing. On the whole, a very tough Star Trek trip.
