The penultimate episode of Star Trek's third season is excellent and a culminating season of the very defamatory final season. In essence, Spock, McCoy and Kirk head for Sarpeidon to discover the total absence of the planet except the presence of a huge library and Mr Atoz, the librarian. All three Trek characters accidentally accidentally enter a time travel machine in different periods of Sarpeidon's past. Spock gives a convincing interpretation like the Ice Age Vulcan who falls in love with Zarabeth, while Kirk repeats his unfortunate experience while traveling over time - see "City on the Darkness" - when he is accused of witchcraft and imprisoned finding the door back in time to the present of Sarpeidon. Eventually, all three Trek characters are saved a few minutes before the Nieta Beta around Sarpeidon becomes supernova. The enterprise twists as the star explodes. Ironically, as William Shatner notes in his Star Trek Memories, the show was the source of a dispute because Leonard Nimoy noticed no reason in Lisette's script for why Spock behaved in -A way emotionally. Nimoy reported his doubts directly to the executive executive of the show, Fred Freiberger, that Vulcans did not have to fall in love. (p.272) However, Freiberger argued that the age of ice allowed Spock to experience emotions because it was a time when the Vulcans had not yet evolved into their fully logical current state. This was a great example of Freiberger's improvisation to save a scenario that was well above the average for this episode. While Shatner notes that the fall in the quality of the third season's script has plagued the artist Spock, since his character was forced to enlist as a donkey in Plato's "Stepchildren," to play music with Hippies in "Way to Eden" here it was more credible. Spock's action here was excellent as Freiberger honestly acknowledged Shatner. (p.272) The only obvious hole is that since both Spock and McCoy traveled back thousands of years, McCoy would have had to return to a more primitive human state, not just Spock. But this is an error of neglect, given the poor quality of many other season 3 shows, Spock / McCoy's splendid show and the originality of this scenario. Who could have imagined that the current inhabitants of Sarpeidon would escape the fate of their condemned plant, traveling in their past? This is certainly what we expected from the best in "Trek Classic" - a truly inspired story. <br /> <br /> Shatner, in 'Memories,' called some of the best "unusual and high-quality shows" of Season 3 such as Enterprise Incident, Evidence Day, Truthless Truth, Tholian Web, and Children will also lead Paradise Syndrome. (p.273) While my personal opinion is that "Children will lead" is a very poor episode, while "It's in the beauty without beauty" is problematic, "All of us new" certainly belong to the list of the first three movies Trek TOS. Give 9 out of 10 for "All Yesterday".
