An unusual journey with time: Instead of traveling to the past of the earth, the main trio is stuck in the history of another planet's past. They're going to this planet, whose sun is scheduled to go nova in 3 or 4 hours (which cuts it almost!). In a futuristic library, they meet Mr. Atoz (A to Z, take it? Ha-ha) and his duplicates. It seems that, instead of escaping the destruction of the planet by traveling in space, the inhabitants have usually escaped in the past epochs of the planet. Mister. Atoz uses a time machine to send people on the road after making a selection (see the discs we see here, a further CD and DVD forecasting!). When Mr. Atoz prepares the car (Atavachron-what-sis), Kirk loudly hears a woman's scream and enters the planetary version of the 17th century Earth, where he is in a sword struggle and is arrested for witchcraft. There is an eccentric but good performance here by the actress who plays a woman of bad reputation at the time, using the expression of time ("... you are a bad boy ... the witch, the witch!"). Spock & McCoy follows Kirk, but he gets to an ice age 5000 years earlier. Kirk manages to go back to the library. The real story here is Spock's return to the barbaric tendencies of his ancestors, the warrior volcanoes of 5000 years ago. This makes no sense, except that maybe this time machine is responsible for change (even so, Spock & McCoy were not "prepared" by Atoz - oh, well, it also seems to me that Spock was affected by the transition almost immediately - he mentions that it was "millions of light years" instead of hundreds or thousands of correct - a crude error for a logical Vulcan). In any case, Spock really shows his ugly side here - forgetting "Pigeon Day" and remembering "This Part of Paradise" - McCoy quickly discovers that his friend Vulcan will not bear any of the usual bait and almost does face rearranged. Spock takes it with Zarabeth, a beautiful woman who has been exiled in the cold past as a punishment (some Trek novels have written about Spock's son, the result of this union). All these scenes are opening eyes, a memory of how much Spock hides or holds. It is also ironic that, just a few episodes earlier ("Requiem for Methuselah"), McCoy showed Spock how he would never know love pain - and now all this is happening. Kirk, meanwhile, stutters with the elderly Atoz, who insists that Kirk returns to a past era ("You're a suicidal maniac," a wonderful thing about actor Wolfe, last seen in "Bread and Circuses"). Everything works in the end, but, as I mentioned earlier, they cut it very close. A tremendous trek adventure with a cosmic tilt.
