I'm a sucker for movies like this. Movies that take you back and let you relive your childhood. I'm grown now and I have many responsibilities like a mortgage, children, dogs, a wife and a lot of others. I like my life, but it's not so innocent and worried as when I was twelve. The Indian summer of Mike Binder knows this and explores this as if he was 12 years old. It brings you back at a time when life was simpler and more fun. It brings you back in a time when you worry about your first kiss and wonder if you could finish the camp marathon were important issues. Indian Summer is a fantastic movie and it's one that should be looked at at least once a year just to get back and laugh ... and remember. The film plays Kevin Pollak, Bill Paxton, Diane Lane and Matt Craven (to name a few) as childhood friends who are called back to Camp Tamakwa by former camp counselor, Uncle Lou. Uncle Lou is perfectly played by Alan Arkin. He is a guy who is the patriarch of the group. He also knows and encompasses the true spirit of a father figure and someone who understands the simple things in life. He has a difficult time with regard to today's kids who need a walkman blaring in their ears when they are in a place of immense beauty like Tamakwa. This is a camp that has a moose wandering through the camp, leaving the colors God has given and water for the eye to see. Uncle Lou wants for the old days and asks his ex-comrade camp to see one of them take over the camp. While all of us are together, we see their trials and trials, and perhaps a new love may appear between them. As adults return to the camp, it is not long before they behave like children again, when the typical envy of the camps is playing again. They take toilet paper from the stalls, put the toothpaste on sleeping bags, and so on. All this is hilarious with actors such as Pollak and Paxton, all these are very funny things. But beyond hilarity, we are exploring very real emotions to which anyone can relate. In one of my favorite scenes, Kevin Pollak and Elizabeth Perkins are overlooking a golf course where they go to canoing as children. Pollak can not get over how small everything looks, and Perkins finally tells him that the bay has not become smaller, has just become bigger. It does not knock the point at home, but it does subtle. Everybody grows, we all go further and, unfortunately, we can not live like 20 years ago. The more things change, the more they remain the same. Indian Summer is a character film and is greatly written by Mike Binder who actually participated in Camp Camp Tamakwa (just like Sam Raimi who played Stick in the movie) and is his fond and alive memories of his experiences feeding the movie. There are several touching scenes and there are many more hilarious. Both are perfect. I like this movie. I like everything about him and it's a real hidden jewel. 10/10
