Steven Spielberg produced, wrote, came up with ideas, and even directed stunning episodes of stories, so naturally he should have been the greatest anthology to be right? Unfortunately. Some episodes are fantastic, but too often a mixed bag. In fact, it could have been a collapse is too mixed. Some episodes were light comedies, some were dramas, some were horror, and one was really animated, which made it a similar, but not so good version of Twilight Day (which, too, was around)> Normally, I would like to have a mix of stories in an anthology show, but they have not worked fully here. Some of the most fantastic dramatic episodes felt that it would be better to be late at night on the Lifetime network, like the episode "Train Ghost," which was directed by Spielberg himself. In that episode, he gave the message of hope and gave us a fantastic story, but overall it was just a construction until the end that did not throw away anyway. Episodes of horror tended to function better than drama, but they were much more dramatic and tiring to watch. Working wisely, the anthology has received some big stars, similar to the original Twilight area. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny Devito, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd, June Lockhart, Kathy Baker, Yankovich many other well-known were in the episodes of the show. It's fun to see well-known actors in almost every episode of the series. The big director also had episodes, including Spielberg, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito and even Martin Scorsese. I would recommend this to fans of directors and / or 80s more than anyone else. Stunning stories were sometimes stunning, usually good, occasionally mediocre, and each time a real stinker came out. But this show has a nostalgic value for me and it's fun enough to stay boring in the afternoon and watch some episodes. John Williams' thematic music for the show is sure to be caught in the head of anyone who looks at it. <br /> <br /> My rating: Good show. 30 minutes. per episode. TVPG
