Honestly, I expected to hate him and really just checked it because Jenna Jameson is in it ... but I have to say that I kicked the EVIL evil. A group of faculty children and their teacher make a "trip" to Ireland. Their homes are located next to the woods, where it is rumored that strange things happen and tourists often disappear without a trace. The post-adolescent group is warned by the property caretaker not to venture into the forest - but the stupid characters of the B films that are - of course, they pay no attention and do not pay their mistakes one after another ... First of all, there is a lot wrong with EVIL BREED. The actor / dialogue is pretty weak, and my great flu is that a movie featuring Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes should have a more free nudity than the one shown here - and Jenna's role in this production is rough over-hyped because it has a total combined of about 2 minutes of screen time. Even less with Chasey, and Ginger Lynn does not show any skin and has the worst Irish accent ever. Also, the last scene of the movie has absolutely no sense and feels as though it was just thrown to put an end to the movie. These gripes aside - there are some good things. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain are sent over time, and Greico's nude body ends on a roast spit, and Chasey's courage scatters from half-tear (although the way it ends this way is not displayed on the screen) ... it's not bad for the first 5 minutes. Other killing scenes are quite inventive, such as the removal of Jenna's forced breast implant, a guy who pushed his colon through his ass, a knife on his face, and some other notable ones. Implant and colon scenes also have ungraded versions, which are on special features, and it's a shame that the producers have cut them off, so to speak. Also, the movie moves along a pretty good clip once it moves so you do not have too much time to get bored. FX "creature" is also done with competence, which certainly helps. Generally, EVIL BREED was not as bad as me. This, along with SATAN'S LITTLE HELPER, has renewed my interest in low-emission US films. I usually remove myself from them as a whole, but these two were decent enough to give me a faith. EVIL BREED is not a masterpiece, but it's a decent way to throw 90 minutes - maybe you do not have to suck a cheap Bourbon bottle while you're at it - I know I was and I'm sure she did not hurt the experience. 7.5 / 10
