A bunch of American students and their tutor decide to visit the ugliest part of Ireland to study old religious practices. Despite having repeatedly warned about the dangers lost in the beaten path (Irish local creeper, natch), they only do, and wind with their bowels courtesy outside an inbred cannibal family (the infamous descendants of Sawney Bean Clan , which according to silly film plot, upped sticks from Scotland and settled on Emerald Island). <br /> <br /> If you think that low-budget horror porn stars are automatically tons of tons of nudity and terrible, then think again: Evil Evil is spinning with adult stars, but in fact, there is almost as much nudity as it can be expected given the "talent" involved, and acting, though not worthy of Oscar, bad (except for Ginger Lynn Allen, who we know we can do wonderful "French", but whose Irishman is stupid. <br /> <br /> The evil race opens in superb style with the brutal killing of a couple of camper camps: after a few short sexes under canvas, the silicone-enhanced silicon is drawn from the tent and torn in half; the guy has his arms and legs cut and is fried on a spit. It's a very bad start and has a positive impact on the rest of the movie. Unfortunately, after this promising start, things start to go serious: we are presented to the main characters, an annoying bunch of twenty just begging to become cannibal food, and are subjected to just the right amount of time we lose in the form of terrible frightful fears , a lot of Blarney about the criminal druids from Ireland's local stranger Gary (Simon Peacock), and worst, a post-modern conversation, sub-Scream, about horror film conventions (how smart!). Then, as it seems that the movie will never be better, Christian director Viel decides to get serious: a guy gets a head-knit head and there is a sex-in-the-free shower scene offering beautiful blonde Gillian Leigh (not a porn star but I'm sure there's a career waiting there if she wants that). After that, things quickly improve as the cannibal foot kicks into the top-gears eating meat, and the film turns into a true bloodbath: Gary has a cloth stuck in the bottom (About time), and is strangled with the intestines its; Ginger Lynn kicks a mutant; Jenna Jameson is torn open, eviscerated and has a silicone leather implant that is swallowed by confused cannibals; a guy gets decapitated by cheese wire; and Taylor Hayes is seen bloody, bruised and naked, with a dead fetus between her legs (apparently she was captured and used as a breeding animal). All these are so scandalous that they are limp less interesting things worth and earn Evil Breed a final of 7/10. <br /> <br /> A very disturbing production and studio floods led to the abandonment of the Christian Viel project. The re-shoots were made and the gore was heavily trimmed for release from the US. The good news is that although the film does not run as well as it could and is cursed with a terrible ending, the British DVD (the version I've watched) seems to have been left relatively intact about sprinkling (only 13 were cut from the film in total).
