Hong Kong directors who go to Hollywood to make movies are nothing new with the temporary exodus of Tsui Hark, John Woo, Ringo Lam in the 1990s. Of their collective production, just a few movies (or maybe I just say one?) They had an impact on the box office. The partnership between Andrew Lau and Alan Mak was a touring force in HK's recent cinematic history, especially with the trilogy of their famous business that was remodeled in The Departed by Martin Scorsese, so it's no surprise when Hollywood comes to beat at the door. /> <br /> But without a collaborator of Mak, who usually has script tasks / stories, how did Lau do with Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? It's like X-Files without X, as the story is crafted, the characters and the parallel drawn with the Chris Carter series. Richard Gere and Claire Danes pair up David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, but they do not belong to any federal investigation agency that carries weapons, but they are employees of the Protection Services, which has the primary role of ensuring that sexual predators belonging to the jurisdiction are kept safe from society when released from service. Hence, they are shepherds who handle their flock, but their flock suffers from sexually perverse ill with the tendency of violence. The parallels in the characterization are so obviously obvious that it is just a cosmetic touch the exterior. Like Fox Mulder, Gere's Erroll Babbage is a strange, lonely man, consumed by his obsession in his quest to harass his flock in an odd way to eat the line. Affected by an unsuccessful attempt to rescue a missing child, just as Mulder's feathers for his sister disappeared, Babbage is avoided by colleagues and given the march orders disguised as a retirement plan. He is deeply disgusted for the people he monitors, sick of their crimes and what he represents, that he has no doubt using unorthodox methods that have failed to fly from the handle, eliminating the illegal and preventive punishment. At the same time, he also has strong exhortations against which he has to fight, so as not to get past the line of becoming like the ones he hated. As part of the routine, he also scans newspapers and tabloids for clues and leads to his goal of seeking closure, salvation for oneself and having a strong belief that the truth is still there and he wants to believe. > <br /> Allison Lowry's dance, on the other hand, is invented to replace Babbage. But in the meantime, as she learns the ropes in the workplace within the next 18 days, she has to spy on him and report on the shenanigans, much like what Dana Scully had to do with Fox Mulder. Because the unpredictability of preemptivity and taking into account the fact that those released back into society have been healed by their temptations, she slowly begins to see what Babbage sees and understands that much more needs to be done than being just an office and administrative work if she really wants to help people. And this is the discovery of the girls' world and the devious sexual practices that we open to all our eyes, such as the way 8mm with Nicolas Cage brought movies to the spotlight. It's a decent investigative drama with regular red herring, and I am very good because it made you wonder quite often if your assumptions are correct and soon you find yourself pulling from your hip when you have proven incorrect at an alarming frequency, although I do not think so for a tight story, but more than the big number of characters (look out for Avril Lavigne's cameo) and under the plots. The scene in the dark vessels was similar to Se7en's David Mills and William Somerset when they attacked John Doe's apartment and found a lot of bizarrens inside, although here, given the nature of the subject, he was not at all late. <br /> Apparently, The Flock decided in a way that Enrique Chediak's cinema was pretty good, despite his very strange style of not having style, using almost any trick in the book to try to recreate the feelings of to look at another Se7en, stifled in shades of brown, rather than doom and darkness of black. It takes a little time to get used to this, and I put this effect on one that actually distracts you from what's happening in the story. But it is not a very good move, with a somewhat frequent repetition of scenes involving flashbacks. But the Flock still does decent entertainment, although X-philes there would be hard not to imagine their favorite actors in the main roles, with so many similarities in character. Gere and the Danes make some chemistry like the old mist (heh) and protect it, and though not really great, Andrew Lau has managed to get something nice.
