I really like Richard Gere ... I always had and it seems that lately Hollywood star and money maker has slipped, but it seems to me that he has very mature and intense roles and was very successful at it just not financially because I saw it in some really big stones such as late, including The Hoax, The Hunting Party (both have to watch movies, see my comments ) and now this Flock, which apparently was meant to be a big launch as it is a substantial budget of 35 million +. It seems that some of the other IMDb reviews are very, very harsh because I thought the film approached a potentially very serious social problem in a very direct, violent and disturbing manner and Gere was just bringing her home. It's a thriller action drama that has kept me connected to TV with her story. I think part of the problem that people seem to have with her is that Hollywood is a very serious issue, but I do not think it does with disrespect, but rather try to make a different rotation to make people aware that they exist. In fact, it's pretty much the same way the Hunting Party is dealing with the war. Hong Kong director Wai-keung Lau did a decent job holding it together, but I think the cast is what watchable. Richard Gere, as you probably guessed from my previous comments, is brilliant as a social worker like Erroll Babbage, who has created his own style and laws when it comes to tracking his "Flock", which is registered in the row of violent sexual offenders. He has no shot in following these people, following them and making absolutely sure he does not relapse, and if they do, he will be the one who will identify them and stop them in any way. Gere is so intense and apparently has been drained from this job and has become violent and angry in pursuing these lost monsters on the street. It's just fantastic. Claire Danes is also awesome as Babbage's new partner and replacement that he has to train to do his job. The Danish character is a much more typical social worker and is a bit surprised by the style and methods of Babbage, but he slowly realizes what he is trying to achieve and resist. The two are shining together and have a terrible chemistry with such different characters. KaDee Strickland plays a broken criminal who seems to be broken off the titles by playing a character that reminds him of Karla Homolka (Paul Bernardo's wife now out) for those of you who follow Canadian criminals in series. Her character goes a little over the top but is convincing and scary. Russell Sams has a small role as Strickland's new friend and would have been better to take on a bigger role. Ray Wise, who is an extraordinary character actor (verifies him in Dead End as well as his amazing role as Satan himself in the WB Reaper show) and receives a small but good role as head of the public security and head of the to Babbage. The film is not perfect despite the extraordinary performance of its lead casting. It takes liberties by trying to make the film more than entertainment than education, but it's just a different angle, unlike Nicholas Cage dud 8MM. The flock takes you to the underground of sexual commerce, abduction, trafficking in human beings and many things, and is really something to follow. Maybe it was not directed or written as it could, but I'm telling you that Danes and Gere together make this movie a full-fledged thriller. It is disruptive but also something that is not very complex, and yet Gere's character is in many ways complex with many layers and opens the social stigma and makes you contemplate vigilance in many ways when you see the people that Gere is facing. I encourage everyone to ignore poor reviews and see them for you because it's worth checking out! 8.5 / 10
