It does not seem that this movie managed to please a lot of people. First of all, many do not seem to have seen it first (I just hit it accidentally), and then, judging by reviews and ratings, those who did many did not like it very much. <br /> <br /> Well, I did. I usually tolerate Gere for his looks and for his charm, and even if I did not consider him a great actor, I know he can make him crazy enough (I liked Mr. Jones). But this performance is different. It's not beautiful in this and it's not charming. His character is completely different from everything I have seen from him until that time --- old, ugly, broken, determined. And Gere, for me, is the best performance so far so far, she is doing a beautiful marvel. I think it's a sign of how well an actor does his job if you can not imagine anyone else doing it instead - think of Hopkins like Hannibal Lecter or Washington in Alonzo in Training Day. That's how it was good Gere. <br /> <br /> The rest of the distribution was fine for me as well. I think I would not have cast Danes into this role, especially because I think it's too good for that. But, in fact, she does a great job, taking her with a pear-shaped Gere, who is not a small girl. Strickland easily offers the best support act in a part that requires a considerable range from it. Actually, I think he has the main scene with Gere and Danes, and that's a pretty big achievement. And how about the rest of the movie, apart from an excellent acting? The story is probably not surprising, some aspects of 8mm, but adding the story of "veteran break to the beginner" for whoever drones, and also (like the Silence of the Lambs) adding a sense of urgency by trying to save the girl and the impending retreat of Gere's character. All this is a background for the development of the two main characters as they help each other to settle in their new jobs in life. That's a lot to be done in 100 minutes, but it's good and we get to care for the characters and what's going on with them. Direction and photograph were appropriate. I could have done without modern music-video movements and cutting, but then I'm an old curmudgeon and it really was not that bad, actually I think it helped to the atmosphere of the movie, which like you could guess, it's generally not a happy one. <br /> <br /> It is worth seeing.
