I've been looking for this movie because I'm a new fan of Frain and I wanted to see more of his work. First of all, its Irish accent is great. He has a dialect ear, it seems. His acting was wonderful, as usual. James Frain aside, I thought the movie was very well done. It has shown that the conflict in Northern Ireland is a real mess. Both sides are guilty of serious injustice, and men who are attracted to the conflict usually have little to say about their circumstances. It's also interesting to realize that not every man (or woman) who is supposed to be fighting for his country does indeed * just * this. For example, when Kenny (James Frain) asks Ginger (Ian Hart) why she does it, Ginger can not come up with a morally acceptable answer. Why? Because Ginger is not in it for the noble cause of protecting her country or the rights of her Protestant colleagues ... Ginger is in her for the fun of killing. It is full of bloodshots and is the perfect place for a guy like him. In a fight like this, there are boys like Liam (John Lynch) who just want to live their everyday life and enjoy their families ... boys who see all the fighting simply ask for more fighting. There are boys like Kenny, who are born born charismatics, and adds fuel to flames, rather it means or not. Also, Kenny really believes in "cause". He thinks what he's doing will make a difference in the future ... which is a bit strange because his character looks too smart for everything. But, like many other seemingly intelligent men, he is sucked into a gang's lifestyle, never understanding it ... until it's too late. Then there is Ginger, a pure psychologist who is not in battle for no other reason, but for his full thirst, which in a gangland war makes him a valuable asset, some might argue. However, now, in this film, Ginger has maintained his value and became a very dangerous cannon. Everything comes at the boiling point and, predictably, the end is tragic. What makes this movie worthwhile is that it shows both sides of this old old conflict. Being American, I can not begin to fully understand what the whole fight is about. But, I know there must be a better way. Overall, a well-made film ... but terrible.
