"What is love, what is this desire in our hearts to be together? Is not the sweetest flower? Does this flower of love have the scent of fragrance of fine, fine diamonds?" The wind loves misery - as opposed to at least unlikely that he is not deprived of him? Are you with someone tonight? Do not question your love, take your girlfriend by the hand, free the power in you, hear me, release the power, embellish the wild cosmos with a whisper. Meadows created his Chinese SNL playboy, Leon Phelps, I cracked everything you have and you did it in your head. Hearing his noises and wild comments, my remote was trembling with indignation. I used the click function more than once, dear readers. When the movie "The Ladies Man" came on the cable, I mumbled a few of my comments and clicked again. But the day comes, gray and bad, when "nothing is on" any of the 100 channels ... he sighs. Yes ?? Have I faced every rope of cable subscribers? watch it or turn off the TV! There she was, Leon Phelps, smirking and ... making me laugh! What happened? If I succumbed to Hollywood's sit-com humor? Was I so desperate to avoid abdicating my sacred throne? The truth is, I like "Ladies" more than I should. A story about a vulgar cognac that sips the cognac while it sheds in every form of feminine contradicts my feminist sensibilities. What started out as a bloody SNL bounce before my eyes made me a story about Leon and his playboy philosophy through life "helping people" solve their sexual conflicts. "I'm Mother Teresa de Boning," solemnly informs Julie (Karyn Parsons), his friend and long-time producer of his "Ladies Man" radio show. And he did not joke. Leaving a string of broken hearts and angry spirits, Leon manages to sleep and take breakfast almost all in Chicago. The fact that he does so with such genuine benevolence is his life-calling book. Our self-proclaimed "Expert in the ways of love," manages to confront a lot of problems with husbands and friends. Such a tiny husband, Lance (Will Ferrell), forms a club "The Victims of the Assassination," which promises to capture our wonderful Don Juan. "Oh yes, we will avenge," Croton in his colleagues, in a number of spectacular dance. Plus, it's a total delight to see Billy Dee Williams as Lester, the tavern's owner, and an eloquent narrator of Leon's odyssey to find "sweet stuff" and a bunch of money. (Where did she hide?) But would I choose this movie as Valentine's Choice? Leon's search for easy life changes him in so many profound ways - that I had to nod his "Ladies Man". That he can find a real happiness with one woman at the closing of the film, yet giving his extraordinary advice is the dream!
