Sometimes they are lucky and have a handshake (Wayne's world, the first, not the second). But most of the times they have duds (Baby is pretty fast). This time, Tim Meadows is "The Ladies Man". This movie fits somewhere between a hit and a dud. It was very funny for the first 20 minutes, but, as is usually the case with SNL skis, it begins to slow before it finishes long after it should have. Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps, a radio DJ with a night show called The Ladies Man. He answers all questions about sex and relationships, usually in the worst possible way. Everything seems to go all the way. After tapping station manager buttons, Leon, along with producer Julie (Karyn Parsons), is fired and needs to find another job. From random blue, there comes a letter from one of the former ladies. The letter gives him wealth and luxury for the rest of his life, the only problem being that the letter is not signed. So Leon has to discover all the women he was with him to find the woman in his dreams. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Williams says in the movie, the woman of your dreams is right in front of you. There is also a sub-plot about a bunch of boys who have their spouses sleeping with Leon and want to first realize who he is (through the tattoo he has on his part of his anatomy) then kill him. Driving this boy is a surprise! Will Ferrell from SNL. First, I thought the sub-plot was pretty blade. Things of singing and dancing were simply worthless. I usually like Will Ferrell, but here he never clicked on me. And the other boys were just schlubi who labeled, and eventually everyone decided to cheat their wives was actually their fault. So, back to the main story. The story is basically based on Leon and sex. So what happens is if you do not like Leon's character, you will not like the movie. His voice, his manners, his dialogue is what the film carries. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a particularly good actor on SNL. The only thing I really enjoyed from him was the Ladies Man. But the best thing about them is that they usually involved the host of the guest (remember that with Cameron Diaz?) And they were short. For about 5 minutes, they were pretty funny. And here, for about 20 minutes, it's very funny. What I thought was good about the character in the movie is that he remained in character all the way. He has never left his desire to get only personality. Until the end of the end of this transformation and the ever-present discourse to bind things. Besides, it was good enough to keep Leon as Leon, and not to change him to anything less crude than he did. There is not much substance for this movie if you can not guess. But, as I said earlier, the beginning of the movie seemed very funny to me. Some real moments laugh loud moments, all spin around sex and his cruelty. The problem, of course, with this movie, and most other SNL spin-offs, is that they are characters that should only be shown for a few minutes at a time. Pushing the concept into 80 minutes is very difficult. This difficulty is obviously why they needed a sub-plot, because without it, this movie would have been a little under an hour. When it was good, it was good, but when it was not good, it was boring. So generally, The Ladies Man was not as bad as other SNL movies, but it was not as good as others. They had some fun moments, the first 20 minutes were pretty good, but the rest dragged. There was a useless sub-plot, whose sole purpose was to prolong the film. The bottom line is, if you like Tim Meadows and his character Leon Phelps, you will be able to watch the movie. If it gets angry, you never bother. Unless you want to see Tiffani Theissen in some beautiful clothing. <br /> <br />
