As superficial as it may seem, I actually delayed watching the Barbarians several times because VHS coverage (as well as the image of the image shown here on the site) looks so incredibly gay! So far I would have liked to have watched earlier because the movie is not so gay? just trashy, cheesy, campy and enormous fun! It is almost unbelievable that Ruggero Deodato, director of all people's "Holocaust Holocaust", was the man responsible for this comic collection on contemporary folk Sword & Sandal fantasy films, especially Schwarzenegger Conan's films. The movie opens with an extraordinary type of narrator on screen, "once in a while", introducing us to Ragneks. Their founder once sold a whole pure golden mountain for a single ruby ​​of power that would allow them to travel freely and access each country as animators. In other words, Ragneks are a bunch of strange circuses! Their happiness suddenly comes to an end when Kadar Greed abducts the beautiful Canary Queen of Ragneks and is constantly trying to discover where the ruby ​​is. Meanwhile, and as a funny loss of time, the two orphan brothers Gore and Kutchek are trained to become Muslim warriors and are directly prepared to fight each other to death. Instead, they escape and develop a plan to release the queen. In fact, the plot is not half as bad as the one I initially feared, but the most fun is the one offered by the beasts on the screen of chemistry, the insane dialogues and, of course, fantastic monsters like a dragon with adorable cute eyes, a sort of werewolder creature and zombie who seem random to get out of the swamp. The soundtrack and makeup effects are wonderful and our almighty director, Deodato, keeps an extremely fast pace. The barbarian brother's capabilities are much better than we anticipated, except that one of them produces steadily rough sounds. Also, the support distribution is splendid. Eva La Rue never looks more beautiful, as wild little girl Cara, Virginia Bryant is really fascinating, like Richard Lynch, she says on several occasions, and beautiful Sheeba Alahani makes her first and only appearance on the film as a witch-style witch donut-shaped hair (I'm not kidding!). Last but not least, "Barbarians" sees Michael Berryman as Dirtmaster favorite. I know that the displayed image looks more gay than a promotional version of the musical version of the Village People's Growth and Fall, but "Barbarians" is indeed an attraction for Italian exploitation.
