LE GRAND VOYAGE is a wonderful miracle of a movie, a deeper work due to the undervalued script of writer / director Ismael Ferroukhi, which allows the natural landscape of this story to be "the journey of the journey" and the sophisticated action of stars Nicolas Cazalé and Mohamed Majd to have the impact emotional of the film. Ferroukhi's vision is highly appreciated by Katell Djian's cinematography (a sensible mix of horizons and close duets between photographers) and Fowzi Guerdjou's musical score, which manages to keep some beautiful themes throughout the film, paying homage many local musical variations in many countries, film surveys. <br /> <br /> Reda (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with her Muslim family in southern France, a young student with a Western girlfriend who does not seem to follow the religious orientation of her inheritance. His elder father (Mohamed Majd) decided it was time to make Hadj in Mecca and not be able to lead, demanding reluctant Reda to abandon his personal needs to lead him to his religious obligation. The two left for a fragile car to travel through France, Italy and Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. Throughout the journey, Reda pleads with his father to visit some of the exciting attractions, but his father remains focused on the purpose of the journey, and Reda is left irritable to struggling with his father's demands. On their pilgrimage there is an old man (Ghina Ognianova) who is attached to the two men and must eventually be left by Reda, a Turkish man Mustapha (Jacky Nercessian) who promises to guide his father / son duo through playing Reda in a bar and disappearing, and countless border patrol agents and personalized agents that delay their progress for various reasons. Tensions between father and son: Reda can not understand the importance of this pilgrimage so full of trials and tribulations, and the father can not understand Reda's insensitivity to his father's religious beliefs and needs. Finally, they reach Mecca where they are surrounded by hordes of pilgrims all over the world, and the sensation of the journey is overwhelming for Reda. The way the story approaches is touching and rich in meaning. He took a religious pilgrimage to restore the gap between youth and old age, between son and father, and between defying and accepting religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of this movie is extraordinary - all the more so because it feels like the camera is going to catch the beauty of many stops along the way without having to improve with special effects. Nicolas Cazalé is a superb actor (make sure you see his latest and most recent film, "The Son of Grocer"), and this is his carefully painted role that brings the magic of this film. Another wonderful film of The Film Movement, is a delicate story told brilliantly. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
