It is not surprising that writer / director Michael Powell considered "A Matter of Life and Death," his fascinating fantasy of Emeric Pressburger in 1946 to be his favorite with their films. Launched during the Second World War, this colorful romantic adventure would only provide tonic to a traumatic and recovering country that needs good growth. After a series of other patriotic war films, the Archers made this the strangest, fuller and patriotic of the batch. The British, for British heritage (Shakespeare, beer, fairplay, good manners), is also visibly Americanized in Baroque compositions, technical inventiveness and a multi-ethnic fine distribution. <br /> <br /> Classic, "It's a wonderful life," AMOLAD opens on a big street with one of those joyful voices that preach about the earth and the heavens, and about what great wonderful world we live in. <br /> <br /> It is then cut inside a British cockpit, badly smitten, flamethrowed, and already dead. It sounds wrong, but the connection is soon lucid with the events that follow. About 5 minutes, the rapid fire exchange between British pilot Peter (David Niven) and the American radio contact Jun (Kim Hunter) takes your breath away in privacy. Respecting to death, Peter exhausts a lot of energy, charm and confessions, and his warm affiliation with June ends with a mutual exchange of "I love you". Continuing with the magic of the moment, Peter, through the supervision of his conductor, whose job he had to transport to "The World of Others," escapes to death and is stuck on a beach. He meets later in June riding a bicycle and fits instantly with his body. <br /> <br /> But realizing his error, the high court wants to send Peter and order the French conductor (Maurice Goring) on ​​the ground to return it. But Peter is indisputable to live because of the June mistake and leadership and to guard his corner. Peter's fate was ultimately in the heavenly court and the American prosecutor (Raymond Massey), whose jury is more dead war heroes and most British delegates. The surreal process, which breaks out of b / w back into rich technology once the verdict is announced, could be a dream, but the final shot in the hospital validates the predictable outcome. The abstract (the American title of the film) is used twice: the first time in the b / w when it raises up Peter and his French enigmatic guard, crossing huge statues of Peter's potential lawyers, including Abraham Lincoln and Plato. The second time, the brightly lit scale of colors provides the setting for what is an iconic icon in cinematography - Peter and Jun frozen side by side, their wonderful eyes fixed in front, their fate sealed. The unlikely illness shared between Peter and June never returns, strange or verbose; is treated with nobility and the perception that the couple is already fit enough to be married and simply has to convince people of their love so they can keep them together. The French conductor, who can freeze the bodies of time and people, hinders key moments together, telling Peter about history and his mischievous tricks, grabbing Peter's "Top 100 Tricks Game" and his cup of coffee. As a visual inspiration like other Powell / Pressburger collaborations, was this the first time they combined color with b / w? the latter being cheerful when used for sky scenes, and both are equally captivating. <br /> <br /> The great scenario fits more than imaginative set design with a dialogue that sounds so fast that it does not feel like it was written or done for the screen. Amusingly and spiritually, Powell / Pressburger's writing deserves an equal acclamation with their forces for color and composition. Made in 1946, "A Matter of Life and Death" is one of those films that defies age, fresh and inventive, even in this age when CGI would hurt its artificial effects, perhaps pushing them out of their emotional wonder. <br /> <br /> Other overturning changes would include the need to cut the middle sections for cutting and the inevitable reason for shortening the dialogue so that the low portions of the majority of the audience can be kept. Powell waves a spell that subconsciously absorbs the viewer in the first frame, giving him the freedom to experience the images without betraying the logical development of Peter's situation.
