You would think that you are looking for serious visits when the premise of the movie takes place primarily between two characters while traveling about 3000 miles from France to Saudi Arabia, passing through most of Europe - Italy, Bulgaria, Croatia , Slovenia, Turkey, before reaching the Middle East. But this is not a tournament, and there is no stop for embalming in the attractions. <br /> <br /> Reda's father is in his twilight years and wants to make Haj. However, since walking and picking is not in question, he chooses to travel to Mecca by car. He can not drive and he therefore asks Reda's help, his son's protest, to bring him there in their broken vehicle. But Reda does not see the idea of ​​taking him, when his father could opt for the plane. He rejects the idea of ​​putting his personal life on hold for this pilgrimage he could not understand. And so I started on this difficult journey with my father and son, not being the best of my friends. The beauty of this film is to assist in the development of father and son, the challenges faced by the girl, the weird people they meet, have to take them in various weather conditions and stop the rest between motels and sleeping in the car. We see an obvious gap between generations in an attempt to communicate with each other, the father trying to impose his son and son trying to assert himself as an adult, but the circumstances we see show that Reda is a fish outside the water. Through numerous meetings, in fact, they join quite well, despite their differences. It is probably quite appropriate that this movie be released here last week to coincide with Hari Raya Haji and to have the chance to watch our protagonists join other pilgrims in Haj. The final stage in Mecca is really a vision that you look at and you will feel claustrophobia and fear when Reda tries to hunt her father among the thousands who gather. Europe's goals were probably deliberately unused to build anticipation and focus on the final destination. The thought of saying and showing to loved ones how much they appreciate for who they are is certainly called home. Do not miss this and yes, book early - I was pleasantly surprised that this evening's session was still a full house.
