If you want to be cynical and pedantic, you can point out that the opening in which a Lancaster RAF bomber was mortally injured on 2 May 1945 is unlikely because the German defense was as lively as Adolf Hitler that day, but this is not a movie that should be seen by a cynical audience and I think a character who was literally killed in the last hours of the war adds to poisoning. In fact, you must have survived the Second World War to fully appreciate the intellect, beauty and soul of Powell's and Pressburger's masterpieces. Are the scenes in the sky painful when they are seen today? Again, you have to view the context movie when it was done. The RAF bomber command lost 58,000 men during the war, the same number that America lost to Nam, but in a shorter period and in a much smaller pool of active combatants there are no atheists in a foxhole and I doubt if you lost a relative during the conflict you would see material atheism as a sensitive thing. When the young pilot of Richar Attenborough looks down at sight beyond him, many heroes of war have to cry openly at this scene because they remember the comrades who did not survive the war. Also, in mind that, despite the loss of a few million people between 1939 and 1945, it seems that very few people in Germany pass through the pearl gates. it is obvious that the Nazis do not go to the very sky The very scenario where the young pilot pilot, Peter Carter, who was asking for his life in front of a heavenly court, would not have paid much attention to me if he was not for the subtext, you see a subject or life and death is an extremely political and visionary film that laments the end of the British Empire because it is replaced by American ambitions. There are small things that show the film as being made by people aware of American history and culture. One is the ethnic combination of America, even today many British believe that the US is overwhelmingly composed of white-Anglo-Saxon Protestants, in fact only 51% of Americans are "white European". The film correctly contains a scene in which a multitude of different breeds testify that "I am an American," as Peter is judged by Abraham Farlan, an Anglofob who was the first revolutionary killed by the British forces in America's War of Independence . As for the "special relationship" between the UK and America - what special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their history when it comes to Britain and America. They obviously know their future too Remember to watch this movie with some of your mind in the past and some of your mind at present. It's strange, beautiful, full of intelligence and intelligence, but above all it's a movie that would never work if it had been done over the last 40 years. Can you imagine if the story was set in 2003 and revolted around a British soldier killed in Iraq?
