After "a dirty shame," I never thought I'd see another John Waters movie. The movie was really so bad that I was convinced that all his movies would be like that. But when the DVD of this movie was reviewed in a popular magazine and said it was an excellent movie, I decided to try it anyway. Just a few days later she was featured on television. I have found it out of curiosity and now that I have seen it, I can tell you that this Pecker is definitely better than "A dirty shame." In this film we see how a young "nobody" in Baltimore becomes an overnight sensation in the art world of New York. He is a sandwich shop employee who is shooting his strange family or the things he sees on the street as a hobby. When he keeps his first "exhibition" in the store where he works, his images are noticed by a gallery owner who loves pictures of misery and strangeness. The photos are sold at enormous prices, but when he sees how his family, friends and strangers react to his success, he decides he will not go to New York, he will have to come to see him if he wants to see him more. And they do, but what they see there is a bigger shock than anytime they could imagine ... It's hard to see why I loved this film much more than "Dirty shame." The first reason is that this movie has a real story. This movie really has something to say and is not just meant to shock as many people as possible.That they have fun in the art world that thinks everything is unusual as art, he knows what reality is, it's not just funny, it's not so far from the truth, I think there are many people who feel like this about modern art, no one understands why they do such a stir, but it seems we should all like it. The second reason I liked this movie is that it had much better acting performance. I do not say that everything you see is great, but at least the characters have in a certain sense the years of different actors such as Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci ... In general, this is not a great movie, but because of its criticism and good jokes - which do not go too far - this is a nice movie. It's certainly not the best comedy ever, but I liked more than "Dirty Shame." I give this movie 6.5 / 10.
