The great talents of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressberger are remarkable in their wonderful "A Matter of Life and Death". It was part of the recent tribute to Mr. Powell, who played at Walter Reade in New York. This film, in particular, shows us one of the best British movies in this or any other era. "A Matter of Life and Death" has a brilliant cinematography by Jack Cardiff, a man who knew how to do miracles with a room. It is particularly impressive in contrast to the monochromatic tones given to the scene played in the sky and those colored when the action returns to the earth. It was a coup and long before its time. The black-and-white sequence involving the long scale Peter and the Conductor talk about must be one of the most amazing things on any movie. <br /> <br /> Much has been said in this forum about the movie, so our comment will be about the great act of Powell and Pressberger has emerged from the big, distinguished distribution that has responded magnificently to the direction of the directors. David Niven, is Peter, whose aircraft is hit and the best friend dies as a result. This film marked one of the most important moments of Mr. Niven's career. He was an excellent film actor, as shown in this film. Kim Hunter is surprisingly good in June, the woman who was talking to Peter as his plane was falling out of the sky. As fate would have it, Peter and June fall in love at first glance. Some of the best British film actors enjoy this film with their presence. Robert Coote, is Bob, the man admitted to heaven, but he's surprised by his friend, Peter never made the trip with him. An excellent turn by Marius Goring, who, as conductor 71, steals the film. Mister. Goring, who worked with the directors, is one of the best things in the movie. Also, Roger Livesey, as Dr. Frank Reeves, makes one of the best appearances of his career as well as Raymond Massey, who is seen as Abraham Farlan. "A subject of life and death" is an uninterrupted film that will always be seen with gratitude to its creators.
