Before this tiny black and white, the delicate subject of criminal rape never managed to be on the American screen. There have been many of these topics that Hollywood and the Production Code have hidden until the rebels of the 1960s. So it is not surprising that a small independent company such as Ida Lupino's directors would need to raise the issue . The result is welcome, but to a certain extent compromised, which is not surprising since director Lupino had to work with Code requirements to launch the film. Interestingly, Ann Walton's main problem (Mala Powers) is not how others can see it, but how she sees herself. And it is a heavy task he wears. Will he ever be able to refer to men again? Will they look at it as "spoiled goods" (after all, this is 1950)? No wonder they run away rather than confront these anxieties at home and at work, even if family and friends are generally supportive. On the whole, this first part is serious and well done. The chase is suggested to inject some action into the plot, but then it's a movie ... notice how the incisive neighbor fails to respond to the horn at the end of Chase's end. If there were alarming calls from the Powers, the neighbor's lack of response would have raised an interesting one, though it complicates the problem. The second half is pretty much the production code in the sentimentalized person of Rev Ferguson (Tod Andrews). It is (to quote a phrase) that "gives the courage to face life again." There are some efforts to make him human - it's Ann or her dilemma that she's the most interested. However, his gentle and compassionate presence happens to be a little too miraculous and too little Hollywood. Fortunately, the conclusion avoids the usual overwhelming at Hollywood, just emphasizing the hope of a happy resolution for Ann, rather than its certainty. <br /> <br /> Give Lupino a ton of credit to deal with the subject first. Considering the overall results, I expect her to have treated her honestly with the theme she has allowed. I also expect today's audience to find easy treatment, mainly due to Powers' excellent performance, which highlights the purely human drama. However, the film works best now as a document of its time, and what the culture helmets of that day considered were suitable for adult viewing.
