Ida Lupino was one of the few women to go through the Hollywood directorial glass ceiling under the studio system. It is not surprising that she also approached proto-feminist themes that, when touched, were approached in such a courageous manner that rarely it was clear what was being said. In "Outrage," she treats rape and its consequences, and although she is called a "criminal assault" in the short film, she undoubtedly leaves behind what has happened. Mala Powers (in her official debut) plays a secretary-accountant at a large industrial plant; she lives with her parents but is engaged in a swollen guy (Robert Clarke), who has just won and now makes $ 90 a week. Leaving the plant after working late one evening, she is alone. In the scene that followed? the best movie? she tries to escape the pursuer in a forbidden labyrinth of buildings and alleys, but fails. When she returns home, disorderly and in shock, the police can not get too much of it; she says she never saw her attacker (who hosted a snack truck outside the factory). Trying to claim that nothing happened, he returns to the job, but he breaks away, thinking that everyone is looking at her, judging her. She goes into a state of running, running to Los Angeles on a bus, but stops herself from stopping. <br /> <br /> Wake up in a strange farm house, find out that it was saved by Tod Andrews, a young minister in a California farm town. She is around her identity and takes her orange. The two vaguely fall in love, but it is clear to Andrews that Powers keeps awful secrets. When, in a company picnic, he picks up a key and breaks the skull of Jerry Paris, trying to steal a kiss, the truth about her past goes out ... It was a courage the movie that came out in 1950 and that can explain and excuse some of his shortcomings. Lupino never regains the scene of the early assault, and the film wanders bucolic and sentimental, ending talky and didactic. Yes, Lupino had important information, but he did not trust the narrative to speak for himself. She, but pleasant but gentle and generic, did not help too much, returning to melodramatic or reinsurance posts. But Outrage was a breakthrough, turning a trail for later discourse about what the rape is really about and what it really means to its victims.
