After watching this movie again from a VH-1 show, I just had to comment. The first time I saw this movie on TV was around 1981 and I remember my mother's betamax. She finished recording in black and white for some reason, which gave him an age-like look that I liked. I remember the movie very distinctively, starting with the song "My Bonnie", the camera went over a scene in Liverpool. I also remember the opening scene in which Paul makes gestures to some girls and says: "Look, talent!" So it was with great irritation that I appeared in my version recorded in 1998 and I remembered that the movie opens with "Loves You" instead of "My Bonnie". When you notice how slow the camera is to the speed of the music, you can see that "Loves" does not fit. Also, in this version "later", when Paul sees the girls, he says: "Look, FETE!" ... and somehow remembered the previous version, that the word did not seem to fit. Why they felt that I had to americanize this movie for the American audience is beyond me. Personally, if I watch a movie about a British band, I want all the British colloquialisms and the like, which would be a part of their speech, manners, etc. Another irritation was how "hesitation" editing was for television. As soon as Stu is beaten, for example, the film cuts off in a commercial break. Yes, I know it depends on the network, but it really ruins the effect of a movie to destroy it, as we all know. What some people might consider to be insignificant in terms of dialogue (and therefore good to edit) may indeed go to explain a certain action or scene that follows. My point is the "best" version of this movie was probably the oldest version I recorded since 1981, which just happened to include the "Shake, Rattle & Roll" scene that my 1998 version did not do -a. I started to assume that it must have been two different versions made for television, and a look at the link "alternative versions" related to this movie proved to me right. That the American version has shorter / cut / different scenes and / or dialogue is a great disappointment for me and something worth mentioning if we care about such things. Imo, best bets are trying to get a European version of this movie, if possible, and (perhaps even less) an unnecessary version. Unfortunately, I had to give up my old betamax version because I did not know how to convert it. On the other hand, I discovered that this movie is probably one of the best story films behind Beatles' birth. Being aware that the artistic and creative license is often used in movies and televisions when describing events in history, I did not leave any discrepancy to enjoy the film. Sure, you see the Beatles is playing songs at the Caverna that made me wonder, "They wrote this really when I do not think," but I still thought it was a great movie and great shows. <br /> <br /> The truth to me was, in fact, the actor who played John, Stephen MacKenna. I fell in love with him. Look, manners, personality, and voice seemed to be on the scene. It looked pretty much like a young John because I would double up at the end of the movie when you see the Beatles for the first time on Ed Sullivan. In fact, I woke up wondering whether or not the Beatle was until I saw the other actors in the scene. If you're looking for an exact dead history of the Beatles' life and beginnings, you can not get better than Beatles Anthology, as it was "written by boys." However, if you're looking for a fun snapshot of the days before Beatles , which led to their arrival in America and leave you anal anal evaluations at the door, you can not go wrong at "Beatles' Birth" - - MUST for any "real" or casual Beatle fan.
