In the light of the wrong reviews - or the car crashes - I feel possessed of speeding and doing a transmission to deserve where it is and to do a job. I'm not sure people are allowed to say it was so bad, almost automatically. It's rare for a movie to have SUSPENS. This film kept the suspense all the way, for me, despite any defect that might be. How many movies can I say? Not even big ones. Because of the simple premise, you do not know if people will get out of the life-threatening situation that lasts the entire movie. The suspension was tight, and in some shots the shocks did their job. It's not just a TV movie but a action movie; there is no point where it stops, deviates or becomes talky. It would be hard to make a movie like this, always on the road. Only Duel, or Speed, is what I remember. The best thing in them was the constant tension. ACTING is not bad: The judge is as good as ever, and the others are. <br /> <br /> SCRIPT is good. But the jury is related to the fact that sometimes it may be - or seems to be - a bit tangled. What seems unrealistic is not necessarily the case. Your first judgments are not always right, but I think the main actor was right to be in this movie. STUNTS are mostly great, especially for a TV movie. Their only absence may be visibility and, again, apparent speed, slow. But we all know how slow the Grand Prix cars can see. I liked the fact that the BEGIN said "inspired by a true story." So you will not go how true it is? You know the base is. The usual "based on a true story" makes me think it should be more true. But maybe that's my fault. HOW TO SAY: A good idea for the reviewer to suggest a towing truck to lift the rear wheels. Just a few centimeters would do. A stunt pilot could do that at 100 km / h. It's strange that they did not call a car expert - or self-electrician or mechanic - to see if there was a way. I hope that this review has turned back the fact that this movie is a disaster. Or at least neutral. And help him become a runaway success. <br /> <br /> Pic quality is a bit soft for a DVD. <br /> <br /> SPOILER: They would have been taken out again after the child, but strangely that the idea of ​​saving life was intelligently treated in a joking conversation to get out of it. I think we know why. The end of the movie. The suspension of unbelief came out of the top window with the child.
