I just saw "Behind Bedroom Doors" and this was the first softcore movie with a solid story behind her that I've seen for a while. We start with two neighbor couples - Vivian and James Fenway (Julia Kruis and Eric Carrington), and Lillian and Gabe Harris (Nicole Sheridan and Chris Gustafson). Vivian seems to be a housewife, James is a lawyer running for a lawyer, Lillian works in the real estate, and Gabe is a successful plastic surgeon. Do you have all this? Now let's get into it. Enter Abby, played nicely with the porn star Chelsea Blue. She rents her house at Fenways and lives alone. At the start of the movie, James looks at the window and sees Abby hired during her time with her girlfriend, Gigi (played by the prolific pornstress Monique Alexander), and secretly tries to wonder what it would be like to be with her. The next day, Abby gets familiar with all four, and she seems to be a beautiful woman who is going to live an alternative lifestyle. She makes a move to Vivian, who seems to be surprised and says, "Oh ... I'm not ... like that." Everything looks good ... until the plan gets set in motion First, Abby appears at Gabe's office, empty, asking Gabe if he should do a job. Here's the movie quote: "Tell me about Gabe." "What do you want to know?" "Is Gabe happy married?" "I'm married." "You have problems ... to guess, your wife stays at home and does whatever she asks for you, but she is a good girl." "Yes." - Is not she a bad girl? "Not." "The door has a lock on it?" You know what's going on later ... Abby's doing with Gabe right there in the exam room. After that, she makes a small show in the window for James, who comes over and does not miss a moment to have sex with her. What James does not know is that the plush bear on the piano with the flashing red eye is really a camera recording all the celebrations (it's so obvious anyway). Abby has sex with Gabe again later, and this time Gigi joins to do it in three directions. Now that Abby has something for both men, she asks for $ 100,000 from each to buy her silence. Not only could he have destroyed James's flight, but he could destroy Gabe's practice. While Gabe and James struggle with their guilt, Abby finds time to seduce Lillian - who has "experienced" with women in college. That was a long time ago, but you did not know you saw her in action with Abby - he looked like an old professional pro. While Gigi goes with the plan, she seems to be jealous of all the sex her girlfriend has. "It's just a deal," says Abby. Confessions and excuses will be followed, as well as some amazing information about Abby's true identity - it seems he did the same thing to different people in many different places. Gabe and James use this information to fight Abby's blackmail. Now, to sex. The sexual scenes were pretty good and considering that all the women involved in this film, except that Julia Kruis has a long porn background, I would have expected nothing less. The four scenes of Nicole Sheridan were the best of the movie, with three seconds coming in a close second. Monique Alexander stripped himself only once, but he was a relatively minor character. Julia Kruis was a major character and was stripped of the same number of times. I suppose since she was surrounded by hardcore professionals, she did not have to have as many sex scenes. To conclude, "Behind the Bedroom Doors" had a great story, which improved the overall degree of the movie. I am considered joyful. <br /> <br /> Women: A- (Nicole Sheridan was good in this movie - better than her later offerings in Fred Olen Ray's comedies, at least she can make the drama somewhat. The Scenarist - was not so but she would have given her totally, Julia Kruis was her only usual, but she wanted Monique Alexander to have more time in the movie,> <br /> Sex: B solid sexual scenes, very solid, Nicole Sheridan's performance was near quality, and Chelsea Blue showed good and in her scenes, the two girls were not incendiary but warmed up on the screen.) Story: B + (I liked the dialogue and the main story. Chelsea Blue's performance was good for this guy, and I was impressed by Nicole Sheridan's drama.) Overall: B a nice softcore movie. I'm glad I was able to see him, because I was pleasantly surprised. If Chelsea Blue ever wanted to do it many of them would be welcome anyway. And that's what happens to Nicole Sheridan - even if it's probably better to make comedy. I do not mind the hardcore girls who can act in making softcore movies.)
