I love this movie. Director Michael Powell once said that this is his favorite film, and he is mine. Powell and Pressburger created a simple, gorgeous and crafted story - the power of love against the "powers that are." However, his deception lies in the complexity of his premise "is real or imaginary". Practically, it could be argued that it is simply a description of the effects of the war on a poetically leaning young airliner during the Second World War. Or is it? The question is never answered in one way or another. In fact, he is never asked. This continued undervaluation is part of the film's appeal. Innovative photography and cinema include even some nice touches that reflect the interests of filmmakers. For example, Pressburger always wanted to make a cinematic version of Richard Strauss's work, Der Rosenkavalier, about a Viennese 18th-century Viennese aristocrat. This is evident in the short interlude in which the Conductor 71, dressed in all his beauty, holds the rose (which appears in the sky in silver). Music is even a dreamlike quality. All the action is the first rate - David Niven is the most charming and has excellent support from veteran Roger Livesey and the new Kim Hunt. But, in my opinion, the charm of the film comes from Marius Goring as conductor 71. He has by far the most interesting role, filling each of his scenes with his innocent innocence, shining the film. It's a shame that part of the Conductor 71 scenes are on the floor. It's also a shame that Goring's comic talents are seldom seen again on the film, except for the wonderful clips of The Scarlet Pimpernel television series in the 1950s. This is far and away the most memorable role of his film career. He is a perfect foil for Niven's relaxed style, and his virtual oversight contrasts so gracefully with the seriousness of other characters. Ironically, too, in the mid-1940s, Niven also played against another celestial watch played by Cary Grant in the Bishop's Wife. Their style of action was so similar that I found the result boring, non-energetic and disappointing. As a note, in Powell's opinion, Goring desperately wanted Peter Carter's role, initially rejecting Conductor 71. It is a good thing he gave and gave us such a delightful portrayal. The film was "commissioned" to straighten the strained ties between the UK and the United States, it is overcoming its end. But it is disarmament in his gentle memories of the horrors of the war - the numerous victims, both military and civil, the need to "continue" when faced with death. There is an obvious lack of "enemies" during the Second World War, but the civilians shown are of undetermined origin. Powell and Pressburger could have been more explicit in their description, but it was not necessary. It is possible that the film did not serve its diplomatic purpose as it was, but its originality continues to inspire cinemas and viewers alike on both sides of the Atlantic.
