Some unsuspected movies carry a message that resonates in hours and days after watching. This is also the case for CAROL'S JOURNEY, a beautiful film made in Spain in 2002, based on the novel "A boca de noche" by Ángel García Roldán, which adapted the book as a script. War and its consequences are not new to films, but when the theme of war plays in the background as a subtle driving force to develop characters (especially children) who have to deal with adult life influenced by adult games, the result is different (Clara Lago) is a young 12-year-old in New York who returns with her critical mother, Aurora (María Barranco), to Aurora's house in 1938, at the height of the Spanish civil war, a house that was abandoned by her father, Don Amalio (Álvaro de Luna), from the death of his wife. Robert's father, Robert (Ben Temple), is a fighter pilot who joined the Republicans against Franco and is rare with his family. Aurora has a past: she has let her boyfriend Alfonso (Alberto Jiménez) marry Robert and Alfonso married Aurore's sister Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who remains outside all his grandfather Don Amalio until he meets with others but not her "class": Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and Tomiche's two friends are related to what feels like the first awakenings of love. When Aurora dies from her illness, Carol has to live with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blanca (Luna McGill), but returns to her grandfather for support, and Mother's best friend and Professor Maruja (Rosa Maria Sardà ) the disparity between classes and the senseless war that keeps her beloved father on her side. Through a series of incidents, Carol and Tomiche teach the rigors of becoming adults who are experiencing more trauma in a brief period of war than most of us experience in a lifetime. The end, though sad, is exalting that Carol's journey to maturity is complete. The film is shot in Galicia and Portugal and contains some extraordinary beautiful settings captured with delicate delicate illumination by the cinematographer Gonzalo F. Berridi and enhanced by Bingen Mendizábal's musical score. Director Imanol Uribe understands the fine line that separates the pathos from baths and, in choosing to focus the story on the children involved, makes a stronger statement about the futility and cruelty of the war. The cast is exceptional: the stars are clearly young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but are supported by veteran actors in the roles of adults. This is a visually stunning work with a long message and should find a much larger audience than it has ever been. Grady Harp
