The flourishing opening has allowed me to be delighted with their inventiveness - the altered version of the Archers logo, the introductory declination, the way the camera crawls over the cosmos. It's weird to think that "It was a wonderful life" came out the same year. No big coincidence: the 1940s were full of heaven-film films; but the brilliant wool wool nobles and the handsome angels of competition seemed crushed, something that was best passed in silence when it was placed near the vision of Alfred Junge. He continues to look very good, and more striking ideas have lit up on us. I'm not a big fan of blending black and white in general. One of the two visual schemes almost always seems to be ugly when placed next to each other. Not so here. Powell dissolves color in monochrome and monochrome in color as if it were the most natural thing in the world, a simple palette change. Both color photography and black and white could be on their own. As for the story ... this could be Pressburger's best scenario, or at least it would have been if the conclusion was more the logical result of the previous events. Besides being tight, but more than I can remember here. Were the real or imaginary heavenly things? (Or maybe both? Perhaps Carter dreamed a fantasy that was, as it turns out, true.) Everyone says we do not have to ask and answer this question, but I do not see why. I'm sure we're meant to ask the question. The film really gives us clues as to what is the answer - indeed, the problem is that there are too many clues and it seems at the beginning to indicate different directions. The fact that other things should pay attention also does not mean that this should not be our concern as well. There are, as I said before, a lot of things. Consider the scene where Abraham Farlan (Attorney at Heaven's Advocate) plays a radio show of a cricket match and scornfully says: England's voice, 1945. "Dr. Reeves admits the show with much embarrassment and then produces one of his own: a song of blues in America, which Farlan listens to as if she had a blade in her mouth. "Reeves smugly shows up Snobbery Well I do not see why it's snob to condemn music blues - and that's not what Powell and Pressburger do, anyway. As the song is played, we're shot by the American soldiers who listen to them: some of them turn their head to the rhythm, perfectly at home, they do not find it incomprehensible. as far as the song is concerned, and neither Reeves nor Farlan knows what it is, Reeves probably realizes as much as possible.All English audiences (and all Australian, Indian, etc. audiences) know without being told that there is something of value he also has a cricket show, and that while Reeves understands that he is unable to explain to Farlan - hence the broadcasting of blues that shows that people can understand without sharing an understanding of all other. It's a smart scene. One last thing. We found David Niven a little cold, without the charisma he had later in his career; but even so, I do not think a movie caught me fast enough after the action started, as she did.
