Established in 2017 (although you may be wrong for 1987, judging by hairstyles and clothing), The Running Man sees Ben Richards (Schwarzeneggar), a good man, who was framed in a murder he did not. After a brisk prison break, he was captured and entered as a contestant in the brutal television show "The Running Man," alongside some beautiful and feminine escapes, Amber (Maria Conchita Alonso). <br /> <br /> Used by the totalitarian government as a way to control the masses, the show finds convicted against a number of colorful opponents (often quite camp), each having its own unique style of killing: Dynamo triggers electricity in a special suit, Buzzsaw uses chains, Sub Zero has an ice hockey stick, and Fireball prefers a flaming flame to end the contestants. But these killers do not fit with Ben Richards, who sends each one in an amazing manner (followed by the mandatory imperative). Towards the end of the movie, Ben joins a group of freedom fighters a fight against the authorities and gets to avenge the nasty host of the show, Killian. Twenty years ago, Arnold Schwarzeneggar led the action movie universe and, with the legions of his fans, without a mistake. Austrian beef cake had a successful formula that almost guaranteed the success of the box office for its films: comic books violence plus a logic plot plus a weird female brother plus a single-line wizard, minus the ability to act, equating massive profits. The Running Man followed faithfully this blockbuster recipe to a T audience and Arnie (mostly male adolescent) who brought it (myself included). Now, two decades later, and I just finished filming the film for the first time in years, it seems to me a strange movie: one completely devoid of technical merit, decent action and convincing, yet fun, effects. Directed by Paul Michael Glaser (best known as Det. Dave Starsky in the 1970s Police Show, Starsky and Hutch), adapted from a short story by Stephen King (written by the plume nominee, Richard Bachman) 80s tat that looks so incredibly cheap and very dated, however, despite (or maybe because of) the film of shoddiness, has a special charm that is hard to describe. With no attempt to create a close-fitting realistic setting, the movie offers a lot of unintentional chicks. Check out the scene where Ben discovers Amber's secret cassette tapes (!); be astonished by the "futuristic" graphs used on the Billboard and Running Man game (as a graphic designer, I found these things very funny); Be amazed at the distinct lack of convincing technological advances. The man who is running can be an absolute garbage, but it's really fun with total garbage that I do not hesitate to recommend Arnie fans and SFs in general.
