Did not win the Mystic Pizza Oscar for that year? This movie has never had a chance because of pouring, but probably so far people can see why I felt like I left the theater. Only "Wargames" left me feeling the same disorder after I left theater, with the feeling that I realized our future. History has shown that this is exactly what happened. Casting is a Cuisinart pop culture in the 1980s: you get Arnold as Ben Richards, the fugitive fugitive gave the chance to "run" for his freedom on the show with the same title as the movie; Richard Dawson in the role of Damon Killian, treating his role as if he were the host of the Feud family with competitors who were using real weapons; Jesse Ventura as the "Captain of Freedom" and co-fighter Professor Tanaka as "Subzero", both "stalkers" killing "running men". Even Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie) appear, while "future dancers" are none other than Laker Girls. This SCREAMS movie "80". Plot is a good excuse for action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence, but agrees to be the runner when told that his friends will be released; Instead, he joins his "competitors." Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is the standard by which Salma Hayek can properly judge in the 1990s. The production value of the film was a bit weak, the lines were baffled, and (at that moment) the plot seemed a bit fake. I remember when I left the theater that we were heading in the direction of the movie, but who could have seen how far we were going there and how fast? If The Running Man were listed in the TV Guide, most people would assume that it was just another show of reality pushing today's envelope. Government influences on the media have worsened, and the American public of the future, who gives up all his freedoms for "national security," is a real cold. Ben Richards is brilliantly interpreted by Arnold, being one of the few remaining behind a government tyranny that the rest of America is too willing to accept in return for a good television and audience sharing gifts. The film was on the top, maybe even on the rock for its time, but, as in the case of Back to the Future III, the "river" that seemed to sink in 1987 was replaced by tracks completed in 2006 and after; this film will sail in the future as one of the most prophetic films of our time. It is tragic that, as in Wargames, the academy did not give this brilliant scenario the recognition it deserves. "Serious" actors who act seriously, while they are so demanding that you want to cast, can win more Oscars, but that does not make them better than ordinary guy films like that. <br /> <br /> You have to see absolutely.
