Arnold once again in the 80's demonstrated that he was the king of action and one of the members of this futuristic film about a violent game that shows that no competitor survives. But, as the line of labels says, Arnold has not played yet! The film begins in 2019, when the world economy collapsed with food and other important materials in absentia, and a totalitarian state emerged, controlling every aspect of life through television and a police state. The most popular show is The Running Man, in which criminals are forced to survive against the "Stalkers" who are living to kill them. The film opens with Ben Richards (Arnold) conducting a helicopter mission to observe an ongoing food outburst. He is commanded by his superiors to shoot them upon them, refusing to kill him and throwing them in prison, meanwhile they have cut off the people without his help. The government blames Richards for the massacre, winning his name "Butcher of Bakersfield." At eighteen months, Richards and two friends, William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre), broke out in a detention area where they worked. He heads to the underground, led by Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Small identifies Richards as "Bakersfield butcher" and refuses to help him, but his friend convinces him otherwise. They want to join the resistance, but they would prefer to live with his brother and make a job. Soon, he discovers that his brother was taken for re-education, and a woman's name, Amber Mendez (Alonso), took his apartment. Knowing who he is is not going to help but convince her, but he's caught by the cops at the airport after he kicked him out. Meanwhile, the runner has trouble finding new blood to be killed there. Damon Killian (Dawson), host of the shows and one of the most powerful people in the country, sees Richards to get away from the film and is able to bring him to the show after being captured. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends in his place, so he signs the contract. You will love that part. But soon he finds that they will join him and make sure Killian knows he'll be back. Runners begin to make room through the areas and fight with memorable characters, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many more. Eventually Richards is joined by Amber who suspected that he was set up but was caught and thrown too. Together, they find the underground and make their way back to Killian and give him a farewell. The runner is still one of Arnold's best films from the 1980s. The film is based on Stephen King's book of the same name. Some have said the book is better. I'm sure it's not, and I do not care, anyway, I liked the movie. As in all Arnold's films, the actor is what you would expect with a classic from Arnold and even Ventura becomes a couple. But no doubt Richard Dawson is standout in this film. Being a true host of the show, he has easily falsified and managed to create a truly cold-blooded character. The entire movie itself is somehow playing on shows and the older brother looks at you. Be careful with them to entertain them with fun and some old performances, "hate the boat", among others. Also, the distribution was extraordinary to Arnold, Koto and Alonzo, do not forget Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole! With all the reality TV fools going on, they almost fit better now, but I'm sure Hollywood Liberals will make this movie in a movie about Evil Bush. The new DVD was mostly safe, and the meetings are the only ones that can be redeemed. Some how the ACLU succeeded in getting something out of communism out there on DVD and it's a laughing trash that should not be anywhere near an Arnold movie of all things. Blasphemy! Generally, for any of Arnold's fans, especially those who grew up in the 1980s, you can not lose that. It's one of the first things I've seen in the 1980s and it's still great to date. The futuristic world and the humor are wonderful. In general, 10 out of 10 stars, certainly one of the best.
