Running Man is often dismissed as just another Arnie action thriller full of explosions, bad blows and gunfire, and to be fair, there are many of them. People looked at it and compared it to the Terminator series, saying it was one of the poorest Schwarzenegger films. But, give her 18 years, and you find yourself appreciated in a different light. Rather than being another brainless action movie, it works very well as a parody of the reality of TV. It's quite different from Stephen King's book, but I doubt if Hollywood, with its love of optimistic endings and so-called "ordinary guys" who have proved to have the skills of a trained commando, would have accepted it Currently, Ben Richards (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is a policeman working in a dystopian state in the United States where democracy is a thing of the past, and the whole country is driven by a mix of government / conglomerate media. The economy is in tatters, food is limited, and the state makes people entertained by producing sadistic games to watch, such as Jumping for Dollars, where people jump for money over a bunch of rabbit dogs, and the most popular is The Running Man, a sleek-haired show by Damian Killian (played by Richard Dawson Entertainment), where alleged "criminals" are hunted by pro-wresting-esquire theatrical stalkers. and speaks against the government. When a group of hungry people protest in Bakersfield, California, a helicopter piloted by Richards is sent to "calm down" (that is, kill the protest). When Richards refuses to shoot on innocent people, he is arrested and framed for killing people in the crowd. He is sentenced to a slave labor camp, but escapes with the help of a resistance leader (Yaphet Kotto) and continues to run. However, his freedom does not last much longer, and after kidnapping the network, the employee Amber Mendez (Marita Conchita Alonso) tries to escape from those who follow him, is again a prisoner, but this time he is forced to appear on The Running Man. , the movie comes in the standard Arnie mode. Richards is launched in the Los Angeles post-apocalyptic wilderness (why LA is always destroyed in these dystopian worlds?) And forced to flee the stalkers along with two other inmates who escaped from the labor camp with him. Amber is also curious about Richards' protests of innocence and discovers that he was framed. Guess what's going on with her? So, like Amber, Richards and the other two boys in an attempt to avoid stalkers, we will soon be aware that Richards is not an ordinary policeman. He is Super Arnie, an unkillable army a man who can collapse bad corporate dictatorships and fight against obese men covered in Christmas lights all while being just your average American man with an Austrian accent. Yes, the rest of the movie becomes stupid, fun, classic fun 80 years. There are a lot of exciting fighting sequences, awful words of brand ("Had to divide" being my favorite), and the general formal confrontation and the happy ending. It's really fun to watch Killian react to him in the typical "health" mode, and some of the funniest moments of the show rotate around the contrast between his interactions with the crowd and the seemingly benevolent host for the damn old lady!) and the cold, cynical man, he is in fact who will do anything to increase the rating. If you expect a smart movie, you will be disappointed. But if you want a great 80-year move, okay, that's right. But the wonderful thing about this movie is that it was quite prophetic. If you look at the entertainment we have today, you will be noticed how the real television is heading today - it shows with people who want to put themselves in for five minutes of fame and the producers too willing to let them humble themselves on TV. It is not too far a leap to imagine that some ghastly TV execs have tried to get the right to show people live on TV. However, we have already done so, despite the fact that al-Qaida suicides have been beheaded on the internet. It seems that in the current climate, at least some people are perfectly careful to look at real death on their televisions. Considering this, along with the fact that everything that seems today to be the revival of the 80's, you have to be impressed with the vision of this film. Of course, we are not yet there as terrorists, rather than mass media, who have bought us programs that are easily accessible to real human death, but you have to ask how long it is before some execs decide if they can find a way to stage a show that combines the desire of people to have fun and the desire to reward their morbid curiosity ...
