Of all Arnold's 80s movies that would have thought the most relevant today would be The Running Man. A cool, surprisingly realistic story of TV reality has become angry. It might have been brought back then, but not so now. Not when you think about it. Currently, Real TV shows pull down the bottom of his desperate barrel to lift the bar. If the next one is no more controversial than the latter, it is a dud. How long will it be before we really see shows such as "The Running Man"? How long before we have "court lawyers appointed to court" or the entertainment department of the Department of Justice? There is so much satire and intelligence in this movie, which may have been missed in 1987, which is desperate to be seen again given the current state of TV shows. The biggest message of all is "You are being lied." It's no secret that the government and the media work in shirts. And the masses believe in what the media tells them to believe. It is a very frightening state of affairs and, if there are no more accurate representations of the truth, we can easily accept a brutal show like the one running in the near future. It's no secret that Realitatea TV is not very realistic. It's edited and remodeled before it's broadcast, and it's just what networks want you to see. It's usually far from real truth. Although quite different from Stephen King's book (the end is completely changed), the script matches the typical Arnie formula. Yes, he has many horns and says "I'll Return" (which he never said many times, anyway, when you think about it) in the most ironic situation, but he's still a zillion or better in the role Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren would have been (these were considered before Arnie believed it or not). The director is none other than Dave Starsky himself (Paul Michael Glaser). It may not be artistic, but it is still strong enough to generate enthusiasm, and the use of neon and fluorescent colors gives each individual a pretty cool look. Andrew Davis (not a director I really like) was attached to Glaser, although no matter who leads, the film is still affected by a very heavy sensation. First, Harold Faltermeyer's score?) Is incredibly dated and breaks action scenes of any timeless integrity. And the sense of the film is too excessive to be convincingly established in the future. Apart from the dated sensation, the only other thing that bothers me is the badly staged out-of-the-way shooting that goes as a climax. This new DVD is a thousand times better than the original one. The missing picture of the mailbox is gone. In its place is a new 1.85: 1 high-definition anamorphic transfer. Colors shone and literally appear on the screen. The new Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES sound are also stunning. There is a constant use of surround channels for a great effect, and the bass is powerful and powerful. Definitely one of the best remasters I've ever seen. Two interesting documentaries, a trailer and a theater "Meet the Stalkers" are included in this 2-disc set that comes in a pretty elegant case.
