I'm still new to the Krimi genre and the only one I saw before I saw this was earlier and somewhat disappointing "The Dead Eyes of London," which did not inspire much hope for the rest of the genre in me. If I had seen it first, however, the feeling would have been different while The College Girl Murders is a strange and strange attempt at a murder of murder; it's really fun to watch and it's very hard to hate a movie that casts so many strange and wonderful ideas into the scene and manages to shoot it with style. The film begins in a laboratory where a mad scientist invented a new and very toxic poison that kills the victim and makes her seem to have died because of a heart attack. This poison is used by a mysterious killer who destroys ordinary prisoners in prison to commit crimes using this poison (and then puts them back in jail). As the title suggests, it is a nearby college of girls offering the majority of victims. There is also a mysterious monk, dressed in a red dress, eating around the neck with a whip. Surely with such a plot; this is not really a serious adventure, and the director knows clearly that because the movie is very vibrant, it does well with the plot. The fact that there are so many different parts of the plot, unfortunately, means that everything does not run smoothly; although this is not a big problem because things are kept over nice tickets throughout the movie and there is always enough going to keep the audience interested. The atmosphere is superb and the color scheme on the screen is very amazing. Of course, the film is based on a novel by Edgar Wallace and clearly man has a great imagination; the locations used are also superb and while a killer's old man scattered with a bunch of wild and exotic animals might not have any relevance to the plot, it helps give the film something extra. You can not expect a conclusion that makes sense after all the things that appear in this movie; but the motive of the crime makes sense and is a satisfactory way for the film to reach its climax. Generally, Girl Murders College is a wonderful mystery movie and one that comes highly recommended!
