Prussian gas, a killer with a red clan suit and a hooded white whip, and the murder of college girls at the hands of paid prisoners, invited by a mysterious brain who keeps his face hidden in an office containing turtles' turtles and fish. Scotland Yard inspectors Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and his senior Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg) certainly have their hands full of this case. Everything seems to focus on student Ann Portland (Uschi Glas), who, at the age of 21, has a very large heritage. The girls that are targeted share a room with Ann, but the reason for killing them remains a mystery that they need to understand best. The staff of the girls bedroom seems to conceal something, and some faculty members fall prey to the killer in disguise of the red monk shirt, talented enough to squeeze the nose of the whippers carefully. Two inmates are entrusted by a mystery man to use the newly created toxic gas created by a scientist killed at the beginning of the film during what was supposed to be a monetary exchange for his creation. It is an intelligent scheme where a driver, Greaves (Günter Meisner), meets with convicts (who are hiding in a barrel) who are assisted by a corruption guard. Taking eyeglasses into the secret room of the brain, giving orders for whom to kill and how. The discovery of this operation is a priority for Higgins and Sir John because it will lead them to the truth they are looking for in terms of crime and why it happens. Under suspicion I'm the director of the girls' home, her author's brother, a professor of sweat chemistry, incredibly nervous, a trick gardener, and Bannister. Some are red herring until they are removed, casting the viewer for a loop every time until the real brain is discovered. The end has multiple twists. <br /> <br /> From the Krimi movies I've seen, COLLECTION CELEBRATIONS are the closest to a giallo with the colorful murderer, a plot full of surprises that gives a lot of surprises and potential suspects, and sordid shenanigans between adults and college girls at the bedroom. I think you can also see James Bond's influence on this Krimi movie, with the hidden secret of the villain's brain, with an alligator pit (which is not used), the fake / buffalo pistol, when it's open, to the surprise victims, Royles Royce from Greaves, which has flaps that cause daggers to darken the windows without revealing the passenger in the back seat, and punching holes used to spy girls into their rooms and swim. Many might consider Sir John to be responsible because of his gruesome behavior and how he often undermines Higgins' ability to get to the truth (perhaps trying to get all the British inspectors who are hurting a case more than to solve it.) I felt it was used as a help for comedy, especially with its attempts to psychoanalyze suspects and potential victims, often misunderstood what they are told. Higgins, using his skills as an investigator, pursues clues / facts, often avoiding Sir John as much as possible. Directed by Alfred Vohrer, who keeps pace with a vibrant pace, and the script is filled with exciting and awesome characters. The fact that so many of the adults around the bedroom are suspected, any of them might be whipping or ringing behind the executions of the assassinated girls. I would say that this could be one of the best examples of the Krimi genre, because it keeps you guessing, always another ace with a sleeve ... the revelations revealed at the end are pretty clear - Opening (and even getting a literal unmasking of the real brain, pulling the strings from the top to the end).
