There's a lot going on in college crimes. A mad scientist creates a poisonous gas almost undetectable. Before being able to reap the rewards of his discovery, the scientist is killed by a monk and whipping monk. After a co-ed is killed in a gas church, Scotland Yard is called to investigate, but the killing continues. Who can stop this killer killer who seems to be able to come and go as he wants outside the college? <br /> <br /> What works: <br /> <br /> - The killer. What you do not like to look at a killer who sneaks around him wearing a fresh red KKK suit looking for a suit full of red gloves. The white whip, which he wears and uses very efficiently, differs nicely from the bright red dress. Though the idea of ​​a murderer in a dreadful red young man sneaking around a girls' school is far removed, he is one of the most sinister costumes I've ever seen. Groovy 60 Music. I really want to watch the title music at The Murder College Girl. Has a jazzy idea, hip, the 60s, I feel like it. Beyond the killer's dress and red hood, the film has a sliding fireplace, an alligator pit with a breeding cage, poisoned bibs, a strategically placed dummy, mini-skirts, bare boots, and tall hair. I would describe it as a cross between the Batman TV show of the 1960s and an Italian giallo. Girl Murders College is a true eye treatment. Let's just say there are more twists and turns than a mountain road. Only when you think the killer was discovered there is a twist ... and another ... and another ... and another. What does not work: - Chief Inspector Sir John. I know the guy was meant to be a comic relief, but his joyful character has too much time on the screen. Why do they have alligators? Previously, I mentioned alligators in the pit. And while they are a pleasant touch, they serve very little purpose. Why do you go through all the troubles and do not use them? <br /> <br /> - Plodding Plot. Some of the college crimes have no flow or rhythm. There are too many moments throughout the movie when things come unexplained to a stop. Better stimulation would make this movie much more enjoyable. I have not seen much of this German crime, but the few I've seen (Phantom of Soho, Strangler of Blackmoor Castle, Dead Eyes of London) can be my favorite. It has a real funky feeling that really comes true. If the plot had gone a little better, I could have easily handed The College Girl Murders a 7/10.
