This is probably the fastest and most action-packed action of Edgar Wallace's German "krimi" series, a cross between Dr. Mabuse's 60s pop and thriller films such as Batman and The Man at UNCLE. He reintroduces the scandalous scoundrel from a previous film that gives a habit to the elegant monk and breaks the victims' neck with the whip of a deadly whip. In a full-blown school full of middle-aged teachers, and with the policemen who caress their hot-to-trot secretaries at every occasion, it is certainly a return to those politically marvelous times. There is a clear link to a lateral film based on Wallace, the excellent giallo "What Happened to Solange?" Which also refers to female students corrupted by (and corrupting) their elders. Quite fitting to the monk's theme, the false villain uses the horrified bibles here to make some death blows, and also keeps a reptile-dungeon to amuse the captive audience. <br /> <br /> Alfred Vohrer has always been the most playful and flamboyant visitor of the production directors, and here the awful colorful cinema is the true star of the show. The monk appears in a cockroach and a red deer dress, with the taste of giving the white whitish whistle, while appearing in purple nightdresses. There is also a voyeur friendly, turquoise swimming pool, which looks great both as a brilliant environment for discerning students and as a shadowy background for one of the murder scenes. The "kicker" trademark to hide the "Ende" card somewhere in the set of the last scene is also quite memorable here. And there is a fine and dizzying score for fans of retro music. The fans of the series will surely lose the flippant Eddie Arent character in these films later. Instead, Chief Inspector Sir John assumes the role of Buffon, convinced that he managed to master his criminal psychology after taking several classes. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski has done more and better things. Krimis has lost some of its subversive charm, and now it is working on a much more obvious level of pop culture culture, which will make it quite accessible to uninvited viewers.
