This movie is one that played very well in 1932 and probably would not work just as well today because its style is a bit old-fashioned and contrived. However, if you are a person like me who loves Hollywood's older movies, you've cut off the film a little weaker and you can enjoy what it is - an exciting soap. is set up in a hall for problematic tasks. There are about half a dozen beds in this large room where women expect to be born - but doctors are concerned about the possible complications (yikes - such a room would really trample the mothers!). And as an episode of "Love Boat" or "Island Fantasy," each mother has a special story. With so many extreme and insane stories, you have to stop the unbelief. I could have enjoyed the film a little bit. Here are some of the stories: One involves a father. You do not see my mother, but he's a very, very nervous father and he's included in comic help. However, he was wonderful here - very moving. Loretta Young and Eric Linden are a sad case. Loretta is sent to the hospital in jail - she probably killed a horrific guy. You do not know exactly what happened, but you suppose it was trying to force it on it! However, she has received a 20-year sentence - and her husband is dedicated to her and is as close to her as possible. Glenda Farrell is a terrible person. He has the maternal instincts of a hamster - a hamster indeed, very bad and alcoholic! It's pretty funny and it's worth seeing most of the movie. I liked to drink from a bottle of hot water filled with gin, and to become upset when she finds out she can not make money to sell her twins! Later, in the film, it has a typical Hollywood style change that was supposed to hit - I found it controversial. There is a woman who gave birth to a child still born. Amazingly, in words, they put the lady back in the same room as the women waiting to give birth! A crazy woman, whom you assumed to have lost a child some time ago, wanders from psychiatric unity. She insists she has a baby. Later, she escapes again and actually takes one of the children! There are more stories than this, but the ones I mentioned are the main ones. As I said, it is a soap opera and it is extremely fun - and quite sad for more stories. The end, in particular, is inconvenient and extremely well done. There have been some very good performances - especially Farrell and Aline MacMahon as nurses. Generally, a very good movie - and I have no idea why they felt they had to remember the movie just a few years later (which was typical of Warner Brothers).
