Life begins - and ends - in a typical maternity ward / recovery in 1930, where we see 48 hours in the lives of high-risk pregnant women, played by Loretta Young, Glenda Farrell, Clara Blandick (Aunty Em ??? ), Vivienne Osborne, Dorothy Tree and Gloria Shea, as they expect to be born. While the film shows devices plot seem more to the day when maternity wards are more controlled and restricted, gives us a look back in time to see the birth in a typical hospital in 1932 as the our grandparents, our grandparents. We have discovered that the movie is fascinating and exceptionally moving. Very strange, the most remarkable interpretation of this film comes from a member of the male band, young Eric Linden as Jed Sutton, Grace's husband (Loretta Young). What actor! As a father for the first time, Jed is disturbed and anxious by hospital staff who seem to remove their concerns about his wife because they might lose their crumbs on a canteen meal. I felt every concern. I'd like to see more of this actor's work. She had a very emotional voice that was accustomed to having an unforgettable effect in Gone With The Wind. In that film, Eric played the young soldier whose foot was amputated without anesthesia, who screamed "Do not cut!" Scarlett ran out of hospital in horror Cooling Another great show is Aline MacMahon, who plays Miss Bowers, nurse. her character is a salt of the earth type, the type of assistance that we all hope to achieve for our hospitals, which break hospital rules constantly to show a more human side of the medical profession. <br /> < br /> Loretta Young did another activity superb also interpreted very genuine and deeply felt as Grace. I, it is great in the precode, I grew to really appreciate it more as an actress in recent months. Glenda Farrell played her mother lost a little over the top, for my taste (did not know anyone in 1932 that drinking brandy from a bottle with hot water could be dangerous pen to the health of the unborn baby), but her character ultimately redeems herself. was a Gilbert Roland, an unrecognizable film, an honest film, like an afflicted Italian husband. Time on the screen was short but notable. Life Begins is a precode, you have to try to catch it on TCM, but do not forget to bring some people to cry. 9 of 10.
