It is a testament to the incredible way of making Gosha's film that he succeeded in completing both Hitokiri and his stunning masterpiece, Goyokin, in the same year, in 1969. And it is evidence of how the criminal undermining remained for the general public (compared to the average of the great Akira Kurosawa) that Hitokiri and Goyokin received less than 500 votes between the two. Shintaro Katsu is Okada Izo: dog killer, loyal to the Tosha clan and Takechi's boss, played by another high-tech, Tatsuya Nakadai. The Tosha clan was part of a larger alliance that supported the Emperor against the shogunate. Historic history is quite precise - with Japan's increasingly political turmoil between imperialists and Tokugawa, and the pressure of the West to put an end to social and political isolation for 300 years. It helps a lot in knowing one thing or two about Japanese history and what ultimately led to the restoration of Meiji and the abolition of Tokugawa shogunate, but it is not essential in any way. The film was made primarily for a Japanese audience, so certain things are considered self-evident, but it also works well for the uninitiated. As we expected from a Hideo Gosha movie in its golden years in the late 1960s), the astonishing visual palette, the use of outside and internal symbolism hidden behind the pictorial beauty. However, style is never decorative for Gosha - it is always engaged in the service of the story. <br /> <br /> And speaking of the story, Hitokiri is dominated both literally and figuratively by the tortured main character Izo Okada. Like most chambara protagonists, Izo is in a dual moral connection, torn between gir (duty) and ninjo (natural impulse) - although it takes time for him to figure out what his exact gir is. In the first half of the film, Izo tries to grow socially. High aspirations of social rank and marriage to the daughter of an aristocrat - a great progression for someone coming from a farmer's environment in the 19th century hard-walled social caste system in Japan. Izo's turning point is when he realizes what costs self-promotion, loss of identity, and hence loss of self. At that time, he underwent a very symbolic transformation from a famous Tosca clown swordsman to an "unnamed" executioner without a past or future, Torazo Vagrant. Although he is not an unnamed technician and is not a genius in Yojimbo's breath, it is the loss of his former self and the loss of ego, ambition and self-diligence that allows Izo to see things as they are and to redeem. <br /> <br /> Hitokiri ends (which I will not reveal here) in the best way that any story can end: both positive and negative, with a profound ironic turn that gives it Izo's last laugh, a last sardonic remark in the face of death.
