Hitokiri (which roughly translates as "assassination"), a / k / a "Tenchu", which translates as "divine punishment") presents Hideo Gosha at the top of his form. Do not miss this, or the other classic of Gosha, Goyokin! Hitokiri is not only one of Gosha's best movies, it is one of the best "samurai / chambara" films ever made and maybe one of the best Japanese films ever exported. Be warned, all the complicated plot details in Hitokiri may be a bit difficult to follow for those unknown to the 19th century Japanese history. Even so, subjective human drama is obvious and open to all viewers. According to the Gosha norm, Hitokiri offers another variation of its traditional theme of "loyalty to the gentleman" towards "doing what is right". However, Gosha develops his favorite theme with such a sophisticated sophistication that it is really the movie you see (along with Goyokin, of course). I suppose it breaks down as follows: If you want a simpler, more action-oriented story, you might want to see Goyokin. However, if you want a drama more caring, more layers (though grim), you see it. (OK, OK, basically, the historical background is a massive abruptness among the different Samurai clans that are (1) working to reform but preserve Tokugawa shogunate and (2) those who try to install Emperor Meiji as the supreme ruler Of course, those clans that worked for Emperor Meiji were often less interested in "reforming" Japan than in securing their own clan more power in "the new world order." Ironically, the whole system feudal was officially dismantled as one of the first reforms of the Meiji government - ironically - making the whole plot more bitter.) What distinguishes Hitokiri from other Gosha movies is the mature feeling of Gosha's cinema. Each shot is composed of thoughts, and (like Barry Lyndon from Kubrick), each frame of the film could preserve its own composition. Of course, this is typical Gosha. Hitokiri is truly remarkable with stunning backgrounds, including (as with Goyokin) many riveting sands. Just look at the opening sequence, and you're engaged! Do not make a mistake, this is not a piece of English: Hitokiri is extremely violent (do not say you are not warned). What else, apart from working with the cold room, makes Hitokiri stand out? Performances seem to me (slightly more subtle) in this. Katsu Shintaro (from Zatoichi / Hanzo the Razor fame) turns into a star performance as the protagonist / ancient conflict, Okada Izo. Katsu manages to infuse the humanity of a character who seems almost a wild animal than a villain. Throughout the movie, you're never sure if you're engaged or revolted by Okada's character. At the same time, Katsu's portrait of Okada's rebellion hunger for respect, and his pathetic attempts to redeem later, seems so human that you can not feel empathy / sympathy. Of course, after seeing Nakadai Tatsuya play the hero tortured in "Goyokin," it's great to see him play such a ruthless villain in "Hitokiri." He is perfect, there is nothing to say! As a final note, perhaps more interesting for buffs than for casual fans, do not miss the last appearance of Mishima Yukio's screen (yes, the gay closed an ultranationalist right-wing novelist who suicided himself with seppuku in front of numerous Japanese military personalities whom " he kidnapped "in 1970 and had a film about Paul Schrader's life and work), which actually does a pretty good job of honorable portrayal (for an assassin) Shinbei Tanaka.
