Another Pokemon movie hit the theaters, and again I heard the same old, "Pokemon is dead, bla bla bla". The franchise abusers could not be worse. Children are still playing card trading, watching the TV series, waiting for Game Boy Advance games and wanting to see "Pokemon the 4th Movie". said that "Pokemon Fourth Movie" presents two more legendary Pokemon: Suicune, the "north wind" of the lore, and Celebi, the tutor of the forest (and the star of the show). The celebs are also carrying a boy named Sam, with 40 years in the future, to this day, where coach Pokemon Ash, his faithful Pikachu and his friends Brock and Misty travel through Johto. Sam and Ash become fast friends once they have discovered mutual love for Pokemon (Sam's vintage pokeball with screws is a wonderful time). Together, they decide to protect Celebs from the bastard in the story, the Team Rocket agent appropriately called Vicious, who is inclined to capture Celebi for his purposes. Will Will Ash and Sam be able to protect Celebs from closed balls? Where does Suicune fit the picture? Will Jessie, James and Meowth have bigger parts in this movie than before? And who is Sam really? As in the first three movies, if you go to the movie, deciding that you will hate yourself automatically, no matter what it's just because it's Pokemon (or just because your child / niece / nephew / your young sibling / "dragged" into it), then you will hate it because you decided you wanted to hate it. That might be, but to bluntly destroy the "Pokemon Fifth Movie" simply because it is a Pokemon movie, and especially without seeing it, it's simply stupid. Even non-fans can enjoy this movie without the need to know every detail of the Pokemon world. I'm not saying that you will become a fan of Pokemon because of this movie, but you can enjoy it if you leave yourself. Unlike the first three Pokémon movies, "Pokemon the 4th Movie" is distributed by Miramax, which I've heard is working to secure the rights to the fifth Pokémon movie, which was released last summer Japan. Miramax claims to have a boffo-aggressive marketing strategy for "Pokemon The 4th Movie," but all we've seen so far is a limited limited release that does not usually include Pikachu at the beginning before this time. I hope Miramax thinks it's good to put Pikachu's Pikachu's Exciting Hide-and-Seek on at least the DVD / VHS version, if not a wider version of Pokemon The 4th Movie. I hope the current version is just the tip of the iceberg for this very fun movie.
