The early 30's and early 40's were a golden age for adventure films, which led to increased budgets during economic recovery, changes to screen entertainment, from the entry into force of the production code, and the general optimism of time. While most of them were wizards of wild explosions, superhuman and often sinister misogynistic hearts such as Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Din is very different in focus, amplitude and tone. from Gunga Din's secret is the division of labor into the team of writers. The original story is by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of the most accomplished and famous writers of the Hollywood Golden Age. However, the real script was the work of Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol, both of whom, especially Guiol, had a comedy background. What we get from these four is a well-balanced and committed plot, but also smartly understood with comic touches. Most adventure films of this time were at least partial comedies, usually with one or two comic support players, but they did not use laughs in the way Gunga Din does. Here, all the main characters are capable of being objects or joke originals. We see that the sinister threat of the bad guys diffuses suddenly as the scene dissolves in a quarrel. The first battlefield is a combination of actions and gags in the style of silent Douglas Fairbanks, Sr., which Flynn and Power do not quite manage to replicate. To the middle of Gunga Din, the action needs to take a break necessarily and there are plenty of talky scenes for the sake of the plot. However, does it start in comedy? such as the fist routine? makes this "slow" part to survive. Producer-director George Stevens was a natural thing when he came to such things, he himself broke his teeth at Hal Roach studios and almost exclusively directed the comedy to this point. This was his first action and has a good job. In particular, its use of moving photos of points of view makes battle scenes extraordinary. Does it also bring something you rarely see in the pictures of action of this age? a sense of fear and real fear. He establishes this with those stark and superstitious mountains that dominate many of the blows and give the characters. Representation of the abandoned village and the cry of Thuggee cultures of "Kali!" is truly haunted. This dimension of fear is played in all the other emotions that are at work here, causing us to worry about these pleasant characters and make comedy a greater relief of tension. A real touch of genius is in the way the eponymous hero is introduced to the public. We are aware of the visual from the visual point of view, as he is prominent in a number of scenes before any of the characters actually address or refer to it verbally. For this reason, we have the impression that Din is not an important figure in the regiment, but he quickly becomes a notable person for us and, essentially, a sympathetic person, as we see him scatter his life and give people water to death. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of writers and directors are all for nothing without a capable distribution. Do not be afraid, because Gunga Din has a top-notch! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant fit perfectly with the material because their best roles were generally found somewhere between the drama and comedy. Grant, in particular, is at its best, largely credible, but only occasionally falls into that top-end and trap that was his mark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is not fully at the standard of his heavy companions, but he is not bad at all. And, of course, there is Sam Jaffe, cursed by his gaze to play forever these odd weird strangles, but who else could play with such dignity and humanity? I did not want to see the adventures of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, and indeed, many of their photographs are absolute classics that they absolutely love. But Gunga Of doing things that even the best of these wizards could never accomplish. Not only does it dispense with male lead or cute cliché but successfully combines genre of action with comedy and poetry in a way that few pictures have done before or since. And that's fabulous.
