The story of the untouchables who acted as a great soldier, saving the lives of hundreds, if not thousands, is said in the 1939 film "Gunga Din". Based on Rudyard Kipling's poem, the film is brilliantly directed by George Stevens and sees Cary Grant, Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Victor McLaugen. The role of the title is played by Sam Jaffe, known in my time as the head of Ben Casey, Dr. Zorba, a name that has become synonymous with big hair without control. Say Dr. Zorba's hair to anyone in my generation and they know what you're talking about. Set in India during the British occupation, three soldiers - two romantic figures, ruling in Grant and Fairbanks, and McLagen as a big piece - are cuts - in reality, three terrified boys. Gunga Din is the water carrier, treated somewhat verbally - anyway - by McChesney (McLaglen), but Cutter (Grant) likes it. When he catches Din (proclaiming Deen) practicing his walk and saluting the soldier, saluting as he presses his drive during maneuvers, Cutter gives him some clues. The cheerful band of the Musketeers will break when Ballantine (Fairbanks) announces that she is about to marry a beautiful woman (Joan Fontaine) and leave the service. However, when Gunga Din and Cutter runs the Thugees, a guru-led criminal cult (Eduardo Cianelli), Gunga Din escapes to warn the unit, and Ballantine insists on re-enacting to save Cutter. It's a nice movie. "Gunga Din" starts easily, with a wonderful comic book and comedy, especially by Cary Grant, which is quite funny. Both he and Fairbanks are so beautiful, it's hard to decide which one to look at at first. Much of the film is made up of huge sequences of action that are very interesting. In the last part, the story becomes very dramatic and culminates in a tense and thrilling battle. Grant has the most spectacular role, Fairbanks is the romantic of love, and McLaglen like McChesney, largely because of Gunga Din's treatment, is the most inappropriate character, though someone detects his soft heart in his love for his elephant Annie. His softness comes to the end of the film, especially in the final stage, very moving, tear. <br /> <br /> Always a gentle and pleasant actor, Sam Jaffe offers a beautiful performance like Gunga Din, a simple, brave man with a big smile, strong imagination and high dreams. Without much dialogue, Jaffe conveys the soul of Gunga From magnificent. This is truly the ultimate adventure movie, massive in the sphere of action, with good actors, adventure scenes, a wonderful musical score and some beautiful cinematic pictures. Another one of that remarkable year, 1939. Highly recommended.
