The film was shot at Flats, near Route 395, near Lone Pine, California, north of Whitney Portals. Still you can find cements of cement and iron beams stuck over the rocks where the sets were built. And you'll recognize the area in any Randolph Scott movie. I do not bother with the plot, because I'm sure it's covered elsewhere. The film has three athletes - Fairbanks fils, who must have learned a good deal from his father - Grant, an acrobat in his youth - and MacLaughlin, a professional boxer from South Africa. Their physical skills are all exposed. This is not a moment to be taken seriously. It's Thuges, a sect in India, from where our English word "thug". I can not go through all the congratulations of this film, but I should probably point out that director George Stevens was a polarist in the films Laurel and Hardy - see choreography of battle scenes - and continued to Shane's infinitely long dissolution and Anne Frank's Journal. The dynasties got up and fell. The geological periods came and went, while Liz Taylor and Monty Clift kissed "A place in the sun". Here, in his comics, he excels. This is a story of male ties and it would be easy - too easy - to read homoeroticism in it, as many people do with Howard Hawks. Or hatred for women. But it is not at all. Sometimes things portrayed on the screen are not worth much heuristic attention. Men will form bonds, working together in a way that women do not. (Women share secrets.) Read Deborah Tannen, nobody's idea about an antifeminist. When you think about it, it should have produced the evolution. For most of the history of mankind, about nine-tenths, hominids were hunters and gatherers, and men tend to hunt and women gather. Hunting is more effective as a team enterprise. Men who were not very good at binding were Darwinian, leaving men with a lot of team spirit. And Grant, Fairbanks and MacLaughlin beat him. I'm sorry I've been on the path of evolution, but I'm an anthropologist and a professional disease. Did I ever tell you about the horse in Vaitongi, Samoa, who slipped on the cement and fell into the bathtub with me? You have to look at the hooves. Joan Fontaine is great, really. She only came to know her in recent years and wondered why it was in so many films. I lived in Saratoga, California, where her sister, Olivia DeHavilland, grew up and went to a monastery school. Pretty good. If you miss this full-time animated chronicle of the British Empahh, you do not have to forgive yourself. It's so famous that it's parodied in Peter Sellers, "The Party." Yes - The Colonel must know.
