For years I've thought that this comedy was a product of John Ford, especially with Victor McLaglen as one of the leaders. Surely he has the same brutal humor of the house, to which Ford shares his films. <br /> <br /> To my surprise, I learned that George Stevens was the one who guided him. However, I refuse to believe that this film was not offered to John Ford, but he was probably left in Monument Valley making Stagecoach. Victor McLaglen, along with Cary Grant and Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., play three Indian army sergeants who have a friend friendly friend / friend. But the old band breaks apart because Fairbanks is committed to marry Joan Fontaine. Not if his two buddies can help him, help and exhort the gut of Gunga Din, like Sam Jaffe. Rudyard Kipling's poem served as inspiration for this RKO movie about the life of the barracks in British Raj. The comic game is so good that it shades the incredibly racist message of the movie. Not that the decision-makers were racist, but that was the assumption of the British there, including our leaders and Gunga Din showing this most effectively. The British took India incrementally, making deals here and there with local rulers under a weak Mogul emperor who was eliminated in the middle of the nineteenth century. They drove very little from India, that would have been impossible. Their rule depends on the native troops you see here. Note that soldiers can not rise above the body rank, and Gunga Din is considerably lower than status. <br /> <br /> Keep in mind that the rebels are actually Hindu, not Muslim. There are so many souls of that religion as Christian sects, and this strangled cult was quite real. Of course, for the strangers, they may not have the same opinion about them as liberators. But, until India organized its independence movement until the Congress Party was born, these people were the voice of a free India. But you have slammed it, strangling people is not a nice thing to do, and the British have also had their point of view here. When I look at Gunga Din, I'm thinking about Star Trek and the reason why the main directive came into force. Cary Grant has managed to interpret her true cockney here in place of the urban Cary we are accustomed to seeing. Fairbanks and McLaglen are doing very well with roles that perfectly match their personalities. The best role in the film is Eduard Ciannelli as a guru, the head of the strangler cult. Observes fire and passion in his performance, he knocks everyone else on the screen when he is on. The favorite scene in Gunga Din is Ciannelli urging his troops in their mountain temple. Notice how Stevens progressively darkens the background around Ciannelli until all you see is your eyes and teeth as a Halloween mask. Haunting, scary and very effective. It was right after the action of this film at the end of the nineteenth century that more and more of the British audience began to question the hypotheses underlying Raj's justification. But this is Gandhi's subject. Gunga Din is still a wonderful, fun and funny movie. It should be shown with a passage in India and Gandhi and you can understand how the independence movement of India evolved.
