A trio of buddies, sergeants from the British Army, are fighting and wandering in Imperial India. Very loyal to one another, they encounter the greatest and greatest death challenge when they encounter the rebirth of a hideous cult and its demented, implacable guru. Now he has to rely on the most inferior servant of the regiment, the water carrier GUNGA DIN, to save dozens of Queen's soldiers from a certain massacre. Relying on the three musketeers more than Kipling's classic poem, this is a wonderful adventure epic - a dignified entry into the Hollywood golden year of 1939. Comes with suspense and humor, keeping romantic interludes at the lowest closes, takes care of the interest of the spectator and takes him to the conclusion (sentimental). <br /> <br /> It is virtually unimportant to discuss the performance hues of the three stars, Cary Grant, Victor McLaglen & Douglas Fairbanks Jr., because they are truly all thirds of a single body - inseparable and all intents and purposes, indistinguishable. However, this does not diminish anything of great fun in simply pursuing them have a glorious moment. (It is interesting to note, paranthropically, that McLaglen praised a distinguished military career in World War I, Fairbanks would have a sterling in the Second World War - especially in clandestine affairs and winning no less than four knights of honor after conflict, while Grant worked undercover for British Intelligence, taking into account Hollywood Nazi sympathizers. The spikes that really work here should go to Sam Jaffe, facing the main role. It infuses the humble man with a brilliant dignity and enormous courage, making Kipling's last line of poetry true. He is unforgettable. Montague Love is properly courageous as the majority of the regiment, while Eduardo Ciannelli is Evil Incarnate as Thuggee guru. The other distributors, Joan Fontaine, Robert Coote, Lumsden Hare, are effective, but they have little to do. Film lovers will recognize Cecil Kellaway as the little girl of Miss Fontaine's father. The movie takes the villains. The demonic cult of Thuggee, the worshiper of the hideous Kali, animated in blood, the Hindu goddess of destruction, has been a blow to Indian life over six centuries, ritually suffocating up to 30,000 casualties a year. In 1840, the British Army, in cooperation with a number of major states, eventually succeeded in suppressing religion. From now on, there would be things in the novels and nightmares.
