Anyone with a little boy in the house who will not watch black and white movies should put this on television. When the child walks around, wondering about everything that shouts and shoots on the screen, tell her that this is a picture for adults and that she is not big enough to look at her yet. That will keep him there for a few minutes; director George Stevens and his team will keep it all the way. I think my dad has done this to me, anyway, and I'm the better man for that. This classical adventure thread, set in India during the British occupation, features a trio of army sergeants who find their close union facing dissolution as he prepares to marry his girlfriend. The aid arrives in the form of a vicious Thuggie riot that the soldiers consider united against. "Gunga Din" was one of the great movies that came out of Hollywood's best year, 1939. Even more than most of the great golden films of that golden year is fun in a very immediate and accessible way. The theme music is nirvana instantly humble. While shot in California, the camera (the only thing in "Gunga Din," which received an Oscar nomination) has a giant wind that looks a lot like Raj a hundred years ago. The battle scenes are shot in a very realistic manner, not too violent but very dirty, as people fall, pull and run across the corners of each frame in a way that feels real, not being organized as a fest biblical cutting from Cecil B. DeMille. Scripture not only creates scenes of action, but also develops the relationship between the three sergeants and some humorous dolls. The main focus is on Sgt. Cutter, following the high treasures of gold. It's a rare act for Cary Grant, and its brightness is suited to a movie that never gets taken seriously, even if your suspense grows. The anchor of the trio is Sgt. MacChesney (Victor McLaglen), who dresses Elephant Annie and tries to protect Cutter from his own schemes. It's just as funny in his way, leaving Sgt. Ballantine (Douglas Fairbanks Jr., displays some cute Errol Flynnish), like the one with love and field enough to know he needs to chuck his boyfriends and grow up. If Gunga Din was a lifetime movie, it would be Joan Fontaine's efforts to save his man from his two friends and the crushing of the skull. But since it's a typical movie, the focus here is on how thirty must stay together and save Ballantine from worse fate than death, not just marriage, but also how Cutter excites indignantly several times , and tea. > Political police on political correctness is difficult for this film, not so much for the sex issue, but also for the idea that British soldiers are saving the poor Indians from the Thuggies wizards. Looks like a colonial apology. Fortunately, this film was resumed when the producers did not feel the need to clarify the obvious liberalism in the heart of the film that these three sergeants, so proud and proud of false race, must be saved with the rest of their army by a bhast humble, that only one of the three had time to seek approval. After all, for all their glory, the true sacrifice of the film implies the titular character played so unimaginably by Sam Jaffe. Back when this movie was made, the film mogul Jack Warner had a saying: Want to send a message, use Western Union. However, it seems that messages were flying fast and angry in "Gunga Din". I'm watching the movie and wondering if the audiences would ever have wondered what Gunga had done since he drove Cutter to the golden temple. Was it really a vengeance against its British superiors? Would he have been justified in doing so, especially because of the cold treatment of MacChesney? When Col. Weed gave birth to this eulogy, Rudyard Kipling's poetry, on which the film was free, was a clue to the madness of imperialism, to tell someone who turned out to be "a better man than I am" The end? What they did from the great speech of Guru, which was presented in perfect English: "You swore like soldiers to die for a faith, which is your country, England. I can die for my country and my faith is the same that you ... India, goodbye. " Of course, the same character instructs his brutal followers: "Kill for the love of killing! Kill for Kali's love! Which means that we are allowed to hate and wander the British and to save the questions about what it all means for later. What "Gunga Din" means to me, above all, is the fastest, safest 90 minute video journey. Cutter has never found his golden temple, but there is one for all of us following "Gunga Din".
