I would love to give this film a 10/10, but in its current state I can only go to 8/10. The post-code editing of this movie justifies a 2-point degradation. From my very limited knowledge of the history of the movie, Baby Face was apparently one of the two films that eventually broke the camel back and brought all the anger into action and the application of the Production Code in 1934. (I do not know what other film it was.) As a result, the film from its original incarnation was never allowed to be resumed after 1934. It has been cut and edited to bit and it is not known that there is an original version of today. The best thing we can see today is the version that shows TCM (Turner Classic Movies), but which is clearly edited in several scenes and has a "happy ending" really disappointing "sinking to the end. All of the above being said, the movie is still quite darned great and a lot of fun to watch. Barbara Stanwyck is, as always, absolutely amazing and wonderful.It is so beautiful and strong she holds only the whole movie! She plays a woman who has been used by men all her life, leaving her father who gives her out to local workers in Erie, PA, as well as to local politicians in a quid pro quo "if you do not lock me up let me sleep with my daughter. "When father dies in a burst of fire near the beginning of the film, the smile on Stanwyck's face is invaluable." After the fire, Stanwyck leaves Erie with her maids and head for New York City. She looks at a skyscraper and starts literally walking to the top. Starting with the HR department staff, she sleeps with him to get a bank entry position. From there, she sleeps with man after man after man (including a very young John Wayne), using every new man to help his landing on a higher floor of skyscrapers with an increasingly strong head of sex male. Stanwyck does not stop at anything in raising her to the top. It's really fun to see her and her maids in more and more beautiful clothes and apartments, while Stanwyck is on the corporate scale. Stanwyck is the last fatal femme, manipulating her, she-vixen in this move! If you watch this movie, I recommend you stop when you see that George Brent (Courtland Trenholm) dies in Stanwyck's arms. Pass the rest for 3 minutes or so! The "happy ending" that has been hit by the end of the movie for post-coding audiences is insulting to the public's intelligence and for the lame-ups behind the faith: the bank's board members are around a table displaying donation to Donny Trenholm for millions of dollars bank in which I live happily but poorly in Erie, with former VP Trenholm working in steel factories - cut to the same images of a steel factory that I saw at the beginning of the movie - The End. PUH-LEEZE - WHAT WORLD! The movie ended with George Brent trying to commit suicide. I think this ending fits the overall state of the movie much better than the ribbon after code completion. I definitely hope that a version of the original pre-release version of this movie is discovered during my lifetime (update: the original was found and should be on DVD and / or TCM in 2006!). Until then, I will enjoy the TCM version and I will stop it before the post-code code finishes it.
