This is one of the boldest and most important of the so-called "pre-code" films made at Hollywood in the 1930s. Unlike some pre-coded films that occasionally dabbled in subjects that would never have been allowed after 1934-5, this movie sank completely into a very sordid, but fun plot from start to finish. The conventional morality of the 1930s and 40s was certainly not obvious in this film, because the film is essentially a convincing woman who sleeps to the top - and without apologies. This "wide" enjoys sex and uses every man who could help her get rich - something you never had seen in movies made just two or three years later. The film begins with Barbara Stanwyck working on his father. In addition to being her boss, she is also her pimp and encourages her to sleep with a local government official to allow the bar to operate without impunity. Although it is not clear here, it seems that Dad has "rented" his daughter's body for a long time. However, after nearly raping and attacking this man by breaking a bottle of beer over his skull, Barbara had plenty and headed for the big city. It does not hurt she's still exploded and killed her father, but her sense of whipping and nothing to show was the momentum to move. In spite of depression, Barbara uses sex to get a job at a huge mega-bank. She starts in a menial job as a file clerk, but instead of what seems like a few weeks she sleeps from job to work to another - until she sleeps with the head of the bank and his future son-in-law! All this ends in tragedy, but Babs does not seem to wake up too much for the deaths of these two men. In fact, some time later she is able to insinuate herself in the life of the new CEO and once again is on the top (maybe more than one). Now, so far, wonderful movie, because it was so crusty and untidy. Barbara played a 100% sociopath - a woman without morality and conscience - only a desire to squeeze as much of her life as she could, no matter who hurt her in the process. However, the writers and the courageous producer have "wounded" and considered it important to end with a ransom end. Considering that this woman was so bad and convincing, her heart change at the end of her was a great disappointment and fell sharply from the movie. In many respects, this reminded me of the end of Jezebel - that once again a mischievous person "sees the light" and changes to a less convincing conclusion. My advice is to try to watch FEMEI RED-HEADED and DOWNSTAIRS. RED-HEADED WOMAN is just like BABY FACE but has no magic transformation at the end - the lady leader is really a deep down skunk! In the film DOWNSTAIRS, a movie very similar to the RED-HEADED woman, the roles are reversed and a man (John Gilbert) plays a similar convincing character. Both are classic and a bit better than this movie. This movie is an amazing curiosity of a short Hollywood movie, often very clear, and in this light it is good to see for Cinephiles. Also, The Duke fans take note - John Wayne plays a very small role in the film and it is very unusual to see a very young Wayne playing a conventional role.
