Getting out of her life to be pimped by her father (... and the waiter of speech) who dies in an explosion, Lily Powers (Barbara Stanwyck, who is simply ravish) kills her way through the branches in a business banking in the big city of Gotham. When a possessive killer who should have been his next father-in-law (and Lily's new boyfriend), heaven is the limit for Lily because she has written her various relationships in a diary and subtlety makes it known that the papers will receive if a certain payment does not fit into her hands. The newly appointed chairman of the bank, Courtland Trenholm (George Brent), sends Lily to Paris, instead of forcing a lot of dough but soon finds himself in love after different encounters with her in the City of Love. This makes Lily's water as soon as the pedestal of success is reached by seducing a man of wealth and prestige that brings his wealth. However, the circumstances that will make her make a decision that threatens her way of success to get those riches. Traholm, now her husband, is charged with a safe prison and lost the bank. He needs money that Lily now has in his possession, or he will not have anything. Stanwyck is the whole movie, despite the Warner Brothers accustomed to the Poles. Being established in the pre-code era, filmmakers have the chance to develop taboo topics such as a woman who uses sex to get success and how it can lead to a tragedy. The good direction of Alfred E Green shows through the clues of subtlety in different ways and words, through a good act of Stanwyck's seductive interpretation, how to arrange something without actually showing the explicit act. Obviously, the movie shows that money is not everything and everything jazz, as love enters the heart of Lily's dead heart. That the conclusion that Lily did the miraculous metamorphosis in someone in love did not really call me. She spent all this time to get to that platform just to fall for a man who was essentially no different from the others he used before him.
