The pre-released version of "Baby Face" from 1933 would make an ideal introduction to a corporate seminar on sexual harassment. Mentored by a Nietszchean teacher, Lily Powers emerges from a life of light virtue, at his father, to climb quickly to the corporate scale at a large bank. Because each step of the ladder is an executive with his underbelly brain and security locked in the vault, the film has no victims, except for Lily's childhood, which was destroyed by an abusively exploited father. The destructive relationship with her father suggests Lily's hidden motivation to use people to advance without considering their fate. While Lily is cynical and obvious in her approach, the men she targets intentionally aim for spouses and fiancées to exchange jobs for sexual favors. Perhaps bank failures in the 1930s are less to the economy than morally corrupt directors, amused by ambitious women. The land moves quickly and the room moves funny from the window to the window to the front of the office building when Lily climbs up more and more. Barbara Stanwyck has revealed in difficult hard-to-bite roles, and she's in top form here. The feeling does not interfere when it is ready to climb to the next stage. Only her African-American confession, Chico, receives Lily's affection, trust and loyalty. In brighter times, Theresa Harris' fresh natural beauty, which interprets Chico, would cause people to throw furs and penthouses at her. Stanwyck often appears too bent and stiffly stiff in comparison to Harris. However, despite Stanwyck's painful understanding, obvious tactics, and artificial vision, he managed to leave a trace of deceived and seduced men, including Douglass Dumbrille, Donald Cook and a young John Wayne. The preferred version of "Baby Face" is 76-minute restoration. The version of the edited version of the film shifts shyly from the harsh facts, which the longer cutting restores them and explains them explicitly. Perhaps Darryl Zanuck, who wrote the story under an assumed name, intended a lesson by quoting Nietszche, whose views on women were controversial. However, despite Alphonse Ethier's lectures and tips of not being defeated by life, she grasps Lily for strength and money probably because of her more education and her father than her professor mentor. However, philosophy is just a distraction. Short, fast and fun, "Baby Face" is just as contemporary in its morality as Wall Street. Replace Gordon Gecko for Nietszche, and Lily could have said that guiding philosophy is "greed is good."
