BABY FACE is one of the best of the "forgotten" movies before the code. It was shown last night after the 1931 version of WATERLOO BRIDGE on the CLASSIC TURNER network, so I was able to watch the movie as it is now with another four minutes of restoration. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck lives in East St Louis (where he may have known the drunken parents of "Myra" - Mae Clarke - in WATERLOO BRIDGE). Her father is Robert Barrett. She lived with him from the death of her mother and (in the restored dialogue) beat her since the age of 14. Now he's the waitress and the part-time bitch in speakeasy, his closest friend being Chico (Theresa Harris), the African-American servant Barrett is breaking. It is one of Stanwyck's two good points that she stands up to her father in connection with Harris, threatening to leave if Harris is fired (and since it's the pits workers like Nat Pendleton, who enjoy serve Stanwyck, the aroma of the hooch she serves, Barrett has to listen to it). The only guy who comes to speakeasy regularly that Stanwyck likes is the transgressor and intellectual Adolf Cragg (Alphonse Ethier), who sees great potential in the spirited little girl if she leaves her home. He also promotes Friedrich Nietzche's philosophy and the will of power. More about this later. After battling the local political bigwig (Arthur Hohl) and having an argument with Barrett about this, an explosion is still killing Barrett and allowing Stanwyck to leave his hometown. She and Harris head for New York City, managing to get a free transport with a freight car on the rail, sleeping with a bracelet (James Murray). They arrive in New York and, after walking, see Gotham Trust (established in 1873), and the friendly guard tells him where the staff office is. We slowly follow that Stanwyck climbs the corporate scale from above, similar (but weaker) than Robert Morse dared to succeed in business without really trying. But Morse was a man in a man-dominated company. Stanwyck knows her sexual attraction is her weapon. She goes through John Wayne, Douglas Dumbrille (a section of the movie that I always felt the most shocking - quite curious - when I saw her), Douglas Wood, Henry Kolker and finally George Brent . Everyone ends up falling for her and either she is pushed when she is no longer useful or destroyed by her. Brent, the new President of the Bank that his grandfather has set up, finally marries - and the film's crisis is when the bank's economic situation is shaken (especially since Brent buys a fortune in jewelry and gives him valuable links) . Brent is indicted. Will he get up for him? COMPLIANCE SPOILER: One thing about these films is not admitted is that the theatrical and moral conventions of time still dictate endings. The initial conclusion had made Stanwyck climb a ship for Europe, abandoning Brent's fate, but he realized he could not do it, returning to their home and finding it shot. She travels to the hospital when it's over. Now, before finding the rediscovered movie, the film ended with them, apparently giving up the bank to save him and retire to St. Louis to live happily if he is poor. of these are good endings. Stanwyck should continue in her destructive course, with Brent the last of her victims. But even without Breen's office, scriptwriters (one of them Darryl Zanuck, by the way) thought it would be a good idea to find a moral center. It has none - at least one for the strong people (he hates). I do not think a depressed audience would tolerate this kind of conclusion. There are other issues, due to changes in public opinion styles and changes in society. It was a world of man in the corporate world in 1933, so Stanwyck worked for her. Wood (when fired for indiscretion with him) recognizes that she does not want her to work. But in 2006, Stanwyck would have found a woman everywhere. In the film there are ugly, scary (obviously jealousy) observations to Stanwyck from other female secretaries and employees in her rapid growth. In 2006, she will confront women's superiors frequently and find them to be dismantling her feet very quickly. Of course, if one or two are lesbian, they could try that road, but it's doubtful. And never seems to meet any man who is gay. They have homosexual business executives who would not fuck for her legs or breasts. Then she's her mentor, Mr. Cragg. Cragg is remodeled in the "bowdlerized" version in an attempt to make her look for a moral center. In fact, he pushes Nieztsche, but the way (in a broader sense) the Nazis pushed Nieztsche - find your way to power and push it. While Nieztsche sometimes made a power of stress, it was not all and the end of all his theories. Otherwise, no one would have read it today at college. Cragg is obviously self-educated, but only semi-educated. In short, if someone who studied Nieztsche carefully confronted Cragg, he would make you look like a half-crazy education. And this is Stanwyck's mentor! A good film for his birthday is 10 ... but seriously wrong.
