Is this considered a pre-code key movie? from the director who later made the biopic THE JOLSON STORY (1946), but also the sci-fi paradox of INVASION USA (1952)! ?? and has one of Barbara Stanwyck's best early roles. Is it supported by a fine cast that includes popular actors and interpreters of the characters of the day? George Brent, Douglass Dumbrille, Edward van Sloan, Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at one point pointing to Stanwyck with the title nickname, derived from a popular song that is constantly heard all the time) in the former category, Robert Barrat as Stanwyck's father), Donald Cook (the most tragic conquest), Alphonse Ethier (as a mentor of his later age), Arthur Hohl (as a lecherous politician), and Henry Kolker (as chief of Cook and the father - the law Stanwyck seduces). Curiously, the scenes in which Walter Brennan appeared were later erased at his own request, when the movie was in trouble with the censors! The crackling, usually the hot and realistic dialogues of Anton Grot, the narrative contains the unexpected shades of the Nietzschean philosophy fed by the heroine of our little city by the intellectual Ethier (Stanwyck complained from the beginning that it was not a fireball which, of course, contradicts her subsequent comedy, directed by Howard Hawks and co-with Gary Cooper "with that name!) Under the auspices of Ethier, she quickly blossoms into an essential character in her heart, causing nothing to stand in the way of success , the symbolic image of her growth in stature at the firm in New York, which she hired in the end, reminds her of a similar sardonic-related ambition of a state power state in October 1927 Serghei Eisenstein From a sociological point of view, it is also interesting that Stanwyck is constantly seen sticking his neck to her black maid servants. in the movie are simply wonderful; at first, did we find the last few disappointing stages? because I was expecting Stanwyck to make sense because he fell for George Brent's character late, while ignoring her, but, like everyone else, she is soon under her spell! Regarding the second view, however, this aspect felt less jarring ?? because it is obvious that Stanwyck was affected by the two deaths her selfish behavior caused her, and that her mandate in Paris softened (even if she tried to cling to the wealth they had gained for as long as possible). /> <br /> Released on DVD by Warners as part of FORBIDDEN Hollywood VOLUME 1 COLLECTION, the movie is featured in two different striking edits? a recently released pre-released version and a Theatrical Release type. Among the many images recorded by the latter, there is a dialogue about Stanwyck's life as a 14-year-old tramp (though it's heard in the companion trailer!). While many other scenes have been shortened (that is censored for content) : the violent pessimism that develops between Stanwyck and Hohl after he resists his advances; seduction on the railway wagon; the scene in which Dumbrille is surprised by Stan Cook de Cook; shooting, followed by a suicide (only pictures are heard in the shorter version); Stanwyck is thinking of conquering her while the phonogram is playing (again, only Brent appears in the version released in the theater), etc. That's why the latter uses alternatives for some scenes? and includes a photo of the city missing from the longer version; however, we also have a clear obvious ending (the end of the pre-launch version ends abruptly on a very effective open note) and a letter of equally unconvincing warning sent by Ethier to Stanwyck in New York, which has, in essence, replacing all references to Nietzsche!
