Finally, the smooth version of "Baby Face" surfaces and from what source? Congressional Library. Restored four minutes, fragments here and there, make for a much better film. Now we know that the little girl has been swamped by her grandfather at the age of fourteen. Another reason for tat for her behavior and cold, calculating outward. Barbara Stanwyck is really amazing in the role of Lily Powers (see the moniker), a party that only required the right amount of sexually powerfully cunning, cunning and vengeful, yet soaked with virginal claim when requested, a very difficult portrait to do convincing. Barbara Stanwyck conveys the nuances necessary to show that, although she sleeps on her way to the top (literally), she still has a heart in her heart - she notes how she treats the few who were good to her, how would be Chico (the wonderful actress Theresa Harris) and the old philosopher. And while she exploits her sexuality to make her rich and powerful, the same men try to exploit her for their fleshly desires without the intention of having permanent ties until they fall in love with her. <br /> <br /> Lily Powers does not understand at first that emotions are difficult to drive, that it's easy to lose control. A possible result is death. Bringing a wagon to a star of course materialism can lead to a destination where there is nothing but ephemeral and a lonely cold location. A word should be said about the philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche, whose power is highlighted in the "Baby Face" by the elderly philosopher who befriends Lilly when she still makes tricks for her old man. "Baby Face" was launched in the same year, when Adolf Hitler came to power in Germany. Although it is highly unlikely that the semi-literary Hitler understood more about Nietzsche, he considered himself a Nietzschean in the seventh grade and presented it alongside the other lines. "Baby Face" serves as a indictment for the popular interpretation of Nietzsche's will to build his power, especially in the final scenes. Although "You have the dearest baby girl". is an in-depth theme for "Baby Face," an even more appealing and applicable melody of WC Handy's "St. Louis Blues" played throughout the movie, especially when the camera has to move away from scenes that otherwise would be explicit sexual scenes. "St. Louis Blues" is also wisely used to the end, when Lily begins to see materialism beyond eternal values. Chico plays a rough, salacious version of "St. Louis Blues," when Lily, now disagreeing with the lyrics, ordered her to stop. The restored version of "Baby Face" makes the movie more modern in its approach and attitude to sex as power than many of the new Hollywood versions. By all means, watch this jewel from the distant past and rejoice.
