"Baby Face" is a precode melody with a very young Barbara Stanwyck, an almost unrecognized George Brent and Theresa Harris. It's a girl who goes to town to do good ... or I should say to take time. Stanwyck's father was a prostitute for one reason or another throughout her life in Erie, Pennsylvania, dirty, depressed and dirty. After his father's death, an older daddy who knows what has passed and really cares about her future, advises her to go to the big city and take advantage of the opportunities there - not the light ones - and take the road in life. (Remember that I saw the censored version rather than the smooth one - this part of the movie was renamed to censors.) She and Chico (Harris) go to New York where Lily (the nickname: Baby Face) decides that the low way is much smooth and will make it where it wants to go much faster. In the most famous scene of the movie, the camera moves on the corporate scale, taking us upstairs, while Lily is lying down to the top. Eventually, he appropriates the man himself and can give up the day job. Trouble follows, and she is soon involved in a huge scandal. Stanwyck wears a lot of makeup and for most of the movie it's cold like a cucumber while seducing a man after another without regrets, and she's great playing the innocent victim. In a scene, she looks at the king's redemption in jewelery, while she wears a black dress that shows she is decorated with diamonds at the top. Then he asks Chico for another case, and that's full of more jewels plus titles. Everything on a working day. Theresa Harris was an interesting talent - it could be played or full of charm, and was a talented singer and dancer as well. Here she sings or hums the theme of the movie, "St Louis Woman". He has worked in dozens of films and is very good here as a friend of Stanwyck, the best work being in the precocious era. As a bizarre product of the code, blacks were often given less to do in the movies after being set up. Precompetent films may be more sexual and therefore, although they are over 70, seem more modern. Even though these films should not have moral endings, Baby Face learns lessons - like life in the end. There were several finalizations of this movie, all with the same message. The one I saw had an added scene, but there were two other endings that did not pass through the censors. (There was no code, but there have always been censors.) In any case, it is a neat surprise. "Baby Face" is an important film in the history of the movie - you have to see it.
