Even if we know how the story ends, this is an immersive film on the wall that plays almost like a political thriller. During the calm before the storm, we meet Hugo Chavez as a charismatic man, larger than the man of life, who has a perfect connection with the mestizos who make up 80% of the population but who were previously stopped by the Venezuelan political process and his oil wealth. He seems so devoted to them as they do. He travels the country at an acerbic pace, reaching the campus, addressing huge crowds, embracing and kissing ordinary people, accepting letters on pieces of paper and hearing them for help. People are delighted that one of their numbers has reached the highest office in the country. There is a sense of hope and electric optimism that changes for the better, comes to the angry barbers. But not everyone is happy with the situation. The Spanish elite in the blood of pure blood, who are a small minority, but who have previously controlled all the wealth, are full of bitterness and resentment. One of the most unintentional animation moments of the movie is when an Ann Coulter looks at a meeting of a resident in an exclusive closed community, complains of mestizos, "they have no concept of battle or sacrifice." Minutes later, a speaker says the meeting "to keep your servants at home - they could be supporters of Chavez." Really! Of course I am. In a late interview with the film crew, Chavez reveals something of his soul while telling his grandfather's story. He can be a sensitive, poetic person, though with a sense of humor, even clown, (as we have seen when he addressed the UN and called Bush the devil.) Then the storm begins to gather because the coup d'etat organizers demand a mass protest and cynically manipulate their supporters in changing the route in the last minute and marching in the presidential palace, knowing it is surrounded by Chavez's supporters, and violence is inevitable. <br /> <br /> Another element of the plot goes into place as roof snipers begin to ignite Chavez's supporters, some of whom turn back. The local equivalent of Fox News shows this return fire and claims that Chavez's supporters are massacred protesters. Then the room retires and reveals that there are no protesters - the street is empty! The protesters took another route. Needless to say, empty street images have been edited by private anti-Chavez television channels (who have broadcast a constant propaganda barrage calling Chavez mentally ill and sexually fixed Fidel Castro). Immediately after the coup, we see the media leaders and media propaganda openly on TV about how they manipulated the situation with a negligent injustice to the lives of supporters and opponents. Film makers continue to be at the center of this chaos, a rapidly changing situation, as the military strike surrounds the palace and threatens to bomb it. Chavez finally surrenders to avoid bloodshed but refuses to resign and is moved to an offshore island where a plane is waiting to take - where? US? How could other cabinet members avoid arrest and defeat this strongly armed conspiracy of right-wing generals and ultra-wealthy businessmen who are closely linked to the Bush administration? Watch the movie and find out! If your only knowledge of Hugo Chavez and Venezuela is from the US media, then you know nothing. He is not an "unselected tyrant" and not "governed by decree" - he is extremely popular, being elected and reelected several times with over 60% of the votes (which George Bush Junior has never achieved) and his devotion he inspires in the usual Venezuelan people is, ultimately, the reason why the coup does not succeed. This is an extraordinary movie about an extraordinary man in an extraordinary situation. The ability of filmmakers to be discreet and to let the story take place through Venezuelan voices at all levels of the barrio to the presidential palace, tumultuous scenes, chaos and confusion, resulting in a coherent whole that is tense, riveted in motion. Not to be missed!
