It is very rare to get an inner vision of a media deception that has been so widespread as the official "truth" and has caught so many news agencies with their pants down. This movie, in my opinion, deserves every prize in journalism - it is objective (yes!), Courageous and a real "scoop". It can be done without comments, fake scenes or leadership questions - everyone, including Chavez, is also becoming fools by themselves in their words. "Only" producers had to keep track of the events and keep their cameras on the move. The Venezuelan Elite teaches us how to alienate a president and sell it as a victory for democracy. It's amazing that they have finally lost - so far. As far as I know, the biggest TV station involved has withdrawn its terrestrial license, they are still cable and satellite. I doubt whether George W. or Barack Obama would be so tolerant after a coup attempt. But then, they do not have to worry. The fact that the scam of "Chavez's supporters innocent" has been so volunteered throughout the world, revealing how biased was the so-called "free" set-up), the media has become, or has always been, . An important lesson for anyone interested in what is really happening in the world. The famous challenge of "objectivity" always comes into play when journalists dare to oppose mass conception or to reveal unwanted facts that accuse "us" - it was true with the effects of the atomic bomb, the US's secret history of spreading "democracy" the whole world or the war in Iraq that, according to Johns Hopkins, has so far killed 1.3 million Iraqis, not to mention the 60,000 Afghans (in 2003) that are never mentioned. To be objective, Saddam Hussein was less damaging to his people than the US. And the US is ready and willing to be more damaging to the Iranians than it is. I am quite curious about the next Khmer Rouge leadership process before the Hague International Tribunal, if there is any mention of our involvement in supporting and preparing the Pol Pot guerrillas in the 1980s when they were largely defeated of Vietnamese. Probably not. <br /> <br /> The more we have to go back to independent media for balance, if not exposure to fraud.
