I'm going to review the two movies as a whole because I feel they have to be considered and watched. When I talk about the "movie" I'm talking about parts 1 and 2 together when looking at each other, as it should be. Thanks to Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh and Benicio Del Toro. br /> <br /> This movie is a refreshing, bold, tough and true film. And listen to a new style of shooting. There is no Faux drama. There is no swelling trace. Not Faux documentary style. Just clean up photos and try to stay on the facts. I read Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: a Revolutionary Life" and recently completed Fidel's Auto's biography, and that helped me with the ability to soften this movie properly. But I have to say that it is Jon Anderson's exhaustive, penultimate and wonderful biography that gave this film a historically appropriate historic bone. Anderson was a consultant in this movie (or in the two films). What makes this movie a real thing is that it's clean. No inflated music or slow-motion photography to intensify drama, and even more important; no fake documentary camera. Just square photos and straight forward shooting style. The type of camera used makes you feel there in the jungle. Benicio Del Toro should receive full honors for this, I never doubted him as Che during the movie ... not once. He did a great job and I will respect him forever for that. Some people complain that the film deals with only 2 slices of his life and not everything. But I think this is one of the beautiful aspects of this film: it does not try to be everything. Do not try to "tell the story". A person's life is too complex to try and say in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the subtle beauties of this film, resists that temptation and remains focused on the intention of letting us feel for CHE, for the development of its military mind and for the forces around it. It focuses on 3 slices of time: Battle to throw over Batista, U.N. and the preparation of gorillas in Bolivia. "Motorcycle Diaries" has already told his young man, and I applaud S. Soderbergh for focusing on other aspects. I always refer to Jon Anderson's book and the movie remains true. The only weak connection for me is Matt Damon's casting (not interpretation). In a movie so busy with real life performances, an American (Matt Damon) who plays a Bolivian is a strange stretch - he does well, but after so much care in casting, it was an excess. Small and completely forgiven. The reality the rest of the casting, and especially the work of Benicio Del Toro, puts this film at the top of my list. The fact that this film went almost directly to the film says something about how the cold war ethics, which would never allow Cuba's "revolution" to become what it might have, are still at work keeping its quiet story. If not out of clandestine apprehension, then from the effects of the propaganda made properly, which prejudiced this subject. This is a movie must also see Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: a Revolutionary Life" is a must-read story about whether you want to begin to understand the early effects on the global mind in terms of the expansion of international chess financial movements in the years The 1940s, 1950s and 1960s, which put unfounded pressure on our neighbors in South America and the effects she encouraged.
