Perhaps the brightest thing about Che: Part Two, as we begin to integrate with the third part into our minds, is that there is no clarification as to why Che chooses to escape confidentially from Cuba after the revolution, nor allusion to his experience in Congo did not clarify why he chose Bolivia as a later setting for a coup, no mention of the political decisions he made as a motorcycle young man in South America that Walter Salles and gave her a prominent familiarity. Particular attention is paid to Che's participation in volunteers who accompany their guerrilla fractions. However, no effort is being made to individualize them to establish relationships. It is reasonably unreasonable. He leads an invincible doctrine so as not to leave the injured man behind. But there is no feeling that he is deeply interested in his people. This is the concept. In part 1, in Cuba, rebels are received by village people, given food and coverage, backed up by what becomes a victorious revolution. There is not much understanding here in Bolivia. Villagers expose it. Protects government troops, not his. When explaining the loneliness of the government's medical system, his audience seems uninterested. You can not lead a revolutionary people if they do not want to comply. Soderbergh shows that American military advisers who work with the Bolivians, but do not blame the United States for the collapse of Che. Che seems to have just confronted his fight and the place he wanted to have. In the presentation of both wars, Soderbergh does not build his battle scenes as actions with concrete results. Che's man attacks and is attacked. Change fire with distant attackers. There is generally a reduction in the group following a combat attack, and its death has not been interrupted. This is not a war movie. It is the reasonable unity to support a man. There is no elaborate cinema. Soderbergh firmly shows Che's inflexible dedication. There are remarkable visceral sporadic photographs, but few are even stronger, such as Che's POV, shot during the final beats. There is plenty of land where these men live for a few weeks, and the total consumer effect is greed, Guevara himself having malaria for some time. Benicio Del Toro, one of the producers of the film, gives the performance of a champion, not least because it is modest. He is not portrayed as the cutting edge like most epic heroes. In Cuba, he raises to conquest; in Bolivia, he falls backward, and sometimes it is difficult to distinguish himself behind a beard and hair tangle. Del Toro illustrates not so much an identity as an attitude. You may think the movie is too long. I think there is a real cause for its breadth. Guevara's business in Cuba and especially in Bolivia was not a sequence of episodes and sketches, but an operation to remain a power that could be basically called crazy. Finally, Che as a whole or in parts is a commercial balsy film, one in which its director begins to understand the boundaries born in cinematographic biography and to work progressively in those ways.
