Part II, formerly known as GUERILLA, is also a great achievement, but not as fun as PART I, because here we start to see what could have caused the collapse and death of Che Guevara. Once again, I am impressed by the cause and effect that both sides have in their stories interconnected. We are reminded again and again that the main character, Che Guevara is an Argentinean. Some of the men in Fidel's army chose not to take orders from a stranger and now that Che chose to leave the comfort of victory to continue the Bolivian revolutionary, he does not receive much respect from his new army and natives, only because he is a stranger. As for the techniques, I think Part II would have been more useful if before anything else, immediately after the map was displayed, just to refresh the memory of its characters and what it was decided to do to makes the audience understand why his methods have been successful in Cuba, but he is not working in Bolivia. It is clear now in this segment that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. In Bolivia, he deals with a bunch of soldiers whose hearts are not fully in him. It is said that the ingredient for the revolutionary is love ... Well, they do not give too much about their country, so it is a tough sell. It's painful and difficult for Che to make others buy his vision. I like a special scene illustrating Che's deterioration, a scene in which his horse would not go no matter how hard he was trying to direct him, and then, his temper got better and, for for a moment, he forgets that he is a doctor and becomes the desperate soldier who hurts his horse. His army is like a horse that does not want to be driven. But at the same time, the movie draws, relies on the small cams of familiar faces that you will recognize for the sake of short entertainment and for the most part you will be hit left and right with one obstacle after another, but maybe this is the intention of part II, if so ... then it certainly works. Ongoing cinematography, which gives us a first sight at Che's last breath. The film may not answer the question of why Che Guevara was so stubborn, why he was so determined he might have been able to withdraw him even when he resisted him and why he wanted America deeply South to have the same fate with Cuba, it's a story that's worth saying.
