It surprises me that I have the courage to see the bio movie or to get "Che: Parts 1 & 2". Why? Because if my Cuban exile parents ever learned that I saw the movie about this despondent mass murderer of the Cuban revolution, I would have laid the foundation for my life. Hey, are you waiting? I'm an adult, I can not watch my car. Director Steven Soderbergh and the newbie commissioner (I'm sorry Steven, but I had to take Soder here) divide the film into two parts on the revolutionary life of Commander Ernesto "Che" Guevara. "Che: Part 1" shows how Che, in the mid-1950s, joined Fidel Castro's guerrilla crew in their revolutionary attempt to overthrow Cuban President Fulgencio Batista's regime; which, as we all know, was a revolutionary success for them, but a gargantuan garbage disaster for many Cubans as it rebelled in communism. "Che: Part 2" presents Che is trying to revolutionize the T-shirt industry by putting his shirts with scary face in front of T-shirt manufacturers. Okay, I'm asking a lot of stupidity on your way! I wanted to say that "Che: Part II" focuses on Che at the end of the 60's, trying to bring the revolution back to Bolivia affected by poverty, but with much more different results. when he was captured and killed by the Bolivian militia in 1967. Soderbergh does not include the time between these two situations in Che's life when he commanded the forced Cuban prison in Cuba where he killed many Cubans who opposed Communism. I think Soderbergh has made a kinematic injustice by not showing the spectators how attractive Guevara was. I decided to see Che in the hope that Soderbergh would not have enlightened him, but he would have shown how disturbed he was was in Soderbergh did not do the latter, and unfortunately decided to present Guevara as a revolutionary hero he would not have done. the viewer must acknowledge that Benicio Del Toro's performance as Che was extremely commanding and worthy of merit. And that Demian Bichir was a dead haunting man like Fidel Castro in his meticulous show. But the rest of the song "Che" was composed, first of all, of the mediocre performances of the actors describing Guerilla soldiers. And, as much as I admire Matt Damon, why did Sodebergh throw him into the revolutionary mix in a Spanish-speaking camouflage show representing a Bolivian delegate? Soderbergh did not have to present this biopic, which is largely "too much talk and enough action" in 4 hours and 30 minutes. We had too much Che, even postum, with those ridiculous shirts, why give us too much of it? But I think when you have Del Toro on the horns (as Steven did here), I think your grace is saved because you do not execute totally "Che: Parts 1 & 2". *** Average
