I came to see Guerrilla, Steven Soderbergh's second part of the biography of Che Guevara, without seeing the previous movie and without a brief knowledge of Che's life. At the same time, I was quite worried that this would be both a cumbersome historical lesson and an unsuccessful love letter of the iconic revolutionary. As it turns out, this film has far exceeded my expectations. Guerrilla works remarkably well as an independent film. The story of the failed attempt to lead a revolution in Bolivia, then under military leadership, is a convincing tragedy. The initial impulse brought by Che's incognito to lead the guerrilla war is lost as the misfortune is followed by misfortune. The odds stop against the revolutionaries. US support for the Bolivian army, hostile conditions in tropical forests, suspected locals and Che's health are just a few of the difficulties facing the rebellious rebellion. Soderbergh's image of Che is largely uncritical, but this film is not a hagiography. The style is refreshingly nonramatic, with a subtle and effective soundtrack by Alberto Iglesias adding quiet drama to many scenes. Che is undoubtedly the center of the film, but there are very few faces and we are encouraged to see the people who fight with him and sometimes against him. If Soderbergh wishes to demonstrate the virtues of Che, we see him in small episodes, such as faithful believers who fight against the two guerrilla colleagues when questioning Che's leadership and underlining the sacrifice he made in letting Cuba followed to fight again for the revolution. > <br /> The direction is superb. The second part feels well edited, despite its narrow attention and is capable of communicating a lot through images without the need for a narrator to tell the stuff to the public. At the beginning of the film we see some short clips of generous parties in post-revolutionary Cuba, giving us immediate ideas on why Che will sacrifice his old life to fight again in another country. Later, the portrayal of the guerrillas crossing adjacent tropical forests is remarkable as a remarkably beautiful scene and helps create a sense of enormity of pregnancy in front of this small group of revolutionaries. If there is a problem with the film, it is the distance between the spectator and Che, who, although it allows us to appreciate the context of insurgency and the people around, makes it hard to better understand it as a person. Verily, Benicio Del Toro is absolutely convincing in the lead role? so much so that it is hard to remember that you are watching an actor and not the man himself. However, watching Guerrilla as an independent film means we are being given a little concern about what shapes Che's thoughts, words and actions. We hope this is rather in the first part of Soderbergh biopic (I can not comment yet) and certainly the power of the second part makes me look forward to seeing prequel.
