I sat last night on both sides of Che, back in the back, with a brief bath break, and I can not remember when they went so fast 4 hours. I had to meet a week ago because I have a real deal about the directors, producers and publishers who continue to impose before us and feel that as a whole, 2 to 2.5 hours is suitable for a movie . So, 4 hours seemed to stretch the limits of my tolerance, and I was very doubtful about the whole business. But will I say in advance that this is a beautiful one? Could you say a lover? made a movie and I'm very glad I saw him. Director Steven Soderbergh will be congratulated on the clarity of his vision. Ernesto 'Che' Guevara was the Argentinian doctor who helped Fidel Castro overthrow Fulgencio. <br /> <br /> If there is a person on a planet he does not know, Batista through the Cuban revolution of 1959. When I was a kid in the 1960s, Che's image was everywhere; on posters on walls, on T shirts, on magazine covers. Che's image must be one of the most exploited ever. If he has to rely on famous pictures, Che was a very good guy, a symbol of revolutionary romance. If it were ugly, I have to wonder if it would ever have been so popular in public imagination? Of course dying young people help. In the past, there have been films about Che (especially the excellent motorcycles in 2004 that played Gael Garcia Bernal as a young Che, who traveled to South America and saw the endemic poverty formed its Marxist policy), but I do not think someone has ever approached the whole story from start to finish, and this two ground floor is an ambitious project. I hope he will pay for Soderbergh, but I can only imagine that commercial success instantly might not have been the highest in his mind. The first film (The Agentine) shows that Che Castro's meeting in Mexico and their next trip to Cuba to start the revolution and then travel to New York in 1964 to address the UN. Smart images of black and white images look like a contemporary movie, but they are not. The second film (Guerilla) resumed in 1966, when Che arrived in Bolivia to begin a new revolutionary move. The second film takes place almost entirely in the woods. As far as I can see, he was shot mostly in Spain, but I still think he must have been pretty exaggerated to shoot. Benicio Del Toro is excellent as Che, a part he seems to have been born to play. Personally, I felt that the Argentinean (for example, the first part) was much easier to watch and more "entertaining" in the strict sense because he is optimistic. They win; The revolution will succeed. Che is in its element leading a disparate group of peasants, workers and intellectuals in the revolutionary cause. The second part is much harder to follow because of its inevitable defeat. In the same way that the recent Valkyrie - while it was a good movie - was an exercise to testify to the heroic failure, so I felt the same in the second part of Che (Guerilla). We know from the beginning that he dies, we know he does not succeed. It is frustrating because, as the story goes, it is quite early to be obvious that the fomentation of the Bolivian revolution is doomed; Che is regarded as a foreign intruder and fails to connect with indigenous peoples as he did with the Cubans. He persistently persists, which is frustrating to look at, because I felt he should have known when to give up and go to other businesses, maybe more successful. The film does not romanticize it too much. He kills people, he runs, he struggles with his asthma, and he has a lost cause long after he had to give up and move, leaves one wife to bring five orphaned children. , an excellent exercise in classic filming. A note; seeing that the Bolivian soldiers trained by the US are moving massively to take Che and his little warriors one by one, reminded me of the end of Butch Cassidy. I almost turned to my husband and I said, but I hesitated, thinking that he would find such thoughts in and out of the place. As I left the theater, he turned to me and said, "Do not you think the end was like Butch Cassidy?"
