The fourth of the five Westerns Anthony Mann did it with James Stewart, it involves a tough eagle called Jeff Webster who leads a hunt from Wyoming to Alaska via Seattle. He joins Seattle with his partners, Ben Tatum (Walter Brennan) and Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen), whom he sent to prepare for a boat trip to the north. <br /> <br /> But first, he must cope with inspired hands, to cheat the riverboat captains and the coy charm, the manipulative castle Ronda (Ruth Roman) who thinks Jeff could be a valuable ally in future. That's why he's hiding him on the boat while the captain is looking for the previous (and justifiable) killing of a hand. Jeff also has the misfortune to run to Judge Gannon (John McIntire) who runs the city of Skagway, Alaska. Gannon blocks Jeff to interrupt public hanging, driving cattle through town. He fine Jeff that he owns his cattle, and Jeff just has to eat the crow for the moment. Meanwhile, Jeff agrees to head to Ronda to Dawson to deliver supplies. But that's just a shame, so Jeff, Ben and Rube can go back to Skagway and steal their cattle back. Of course, Judge Gannon learns about this and is just behind him, but Jeff is late with a rifle, while Ben follows the cattle over the Canadian border from Gannon. After avoiding an avalanche and other shots with other Skagway men, they finally arrive at Dawson, where Jeff sells the cattle of the one who offers the highest offer, which is just Ronda, which then sets up a new gambling house in Dawson. Jeff then takes his money and buys a complaint and starts to slap for gold. But then, Judge Gannon comes to Dawson to get into the golden action there and tells Jeff that he's a little bored of Skagway and wants to try his luck in Klondike. That means bringing him a committed gunman and forcibly forcing the miner's claims. Jeff and Ben now feel it's time to clarify as it goes well, letting Rube handle it himself as a very ineffective sheriff against Gannon and his gang. They are looking for a way back just to wake up in the ambush of Gannon's men because Ben made the mistake of opening his big mouth. Ben is killed and Jeff is badly injured, but that does not save Judge Gannon for his sake. The night-end shoot on dirty Dawson Street is doing a lot of that. First, Jeff kills two of Gannon's best attackers (Jack Elam and Robert Wilkie). When Ronda comes out to warn Jeff that Gannon is trying to slide behind him, Gannon shoots her back and she dies right there in Jeff's arms. Then Jeff kills Gannon when he's hiding under a wooden pavement. Vengeance spoke. This is another thunderous West that is right there with THE SPEED NAKED and MAN OF LARAMIA. Why the Universal DVD uses a pan-and-scan printing instead of using the printing mode that TCM uses on a widescreen is beyond me. You will finish half of Alberta's glorious cinema by William Daniels. So if you like vestiges for 50 years, then this is a list A goalkeeper. <br /> <br /> 8 of 10
