Many reviews I've read reveal that most people tend to like better than the second part. I feel just the opposite. The first part played around a lot, trying to find different ways to show Che Guevara's personality through different types of films, different places and cutting back and forth between an interview and the Cuban revolution. Most of it has been fine-tuned, but it distracts to some extent. In the second part, Che enters into Bolivia, along with changing geographic location, norms and structural changes. Spatial leaps and change between stocks, "documentary realism" and treaties have disappeared. Instead, we are literally captured by Che in a depopulated, desolate landscape, where the only people who exist exist are burdened too much with their lives for anything other than survival as an option. I think it's the dark turn of Che's life, which is the real reason why most people prefer Part One in Part Two. Changing the geographical location means, at least for me, Che: Part One and Che: The second part is, in fact, the two two acts of three-act structure initiated by Motorcycle Diaries. Diaries Motorcycle is Che-a-Age (or more appropriate, the coming of ideals) in Argentina, Che: Part One is the military leadership in Cuba, and Che: The second part is its fall in Bolivia. These films do not fully illustrate his life (his experiences in Guatamala are missing, and more importantly, in my opinion, his post-Cuban executions), but they create a very detailed exploration of the controversial aspects of his character and nature as a world symbol. Both symbolize the idealism and the need for armed resistance to oppression and revolutionary failures in third world countries after World War II and to prevent them from such activities as the involvement of the CIA. But once again, all of this is projected on the screen in this case not through long scenes of dialogue and speeches, but through a much more intimate portrayal of Che at the end of his wires and his life. Again, the rules have changed and in this case, it's hard to say if there is any chance of success. Whenever the room shows people who have literally been captured between a rock and a hard place, and the long, desolate, wailing features involve the public in the narrative of people imprisoned in a hostile landscape, an existential hell, where revolutionary beliefs end, at the despair of starving hunters. It's not that easy to watch a movie, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
