Following directly from where the story stood in the first part, the second half that says of the inevitable fall and the more grim legacy of man's inheritance is exactly as such. In direct contrast to the first feature, the second part represents a change from Che, the pride and glory of a revolutionary country, to the release of a Che at the liberation of a country in which it has no previous links. Changing the setting is not just aesthetic; from the autumn and spring greens of the forests comes a change of tone and heart in characteristic, replacing the predecessor's optimism with a cynical, crushed and shaken reality, aligned with a new struggle. However, how Che would continue to say that such a fight is better said just like a fight. While the first part certainly helped document the initial wave of power to the revolutionary guerrilla acquired, only that the second part has a much more refined, harsh and gloomy segment of Che's life and ambition, and gives it an assertive portrait that is so penetrating and tragic in a tangible, easy to understand way. <br /> <br /> While the tone of the film in some respects diverges and differs quite drastically from the first, however, still remains the same documented approach taken a month ago that avoids melodrama and manufacturing as much as possible much possible. This approach, somewhat distant and cold, to tell Che's story and struggle will undoubtedly make some spectators; Indeed, they still remain bound to the fact that this feature itself should have been named after one man or something, Che's whole, taken as a whole, offers a story that goes beyond mere biography, and instead documents the struggle of a man alongside those who helped him take him on the road. Soderbergh in no way attempts to paint a humanist portrait similar to what Hirschbiegel did with Der Untergang half a decade ago (excuses ironic contrast); It is a slow, reserved and meditative approach to telling a lesson of history that only happens to be told by a single man who would have led it altogether. However, moving from the lush green landscapes of Cuba and retreating to the bleak backdrop in Bolivia for the second part, the story inevitably takes on a distinctly contrasting tone that does not feel too incoherent to its predecessor, but not enough to give their own reference points. Here, the basic structure of Part One is echoing back ?? there is the initial struggle, the struggles, the fallen comrades and the recruitment of those to replace them, all the while we will see some glimpses from the man behind the movement. However, as someone with the slightest sense of the current history behind this feature will know, the second part is intended to end with a much more overwhelming and worrying note. This difference, combined with the similarities with the first part, makes a whole and convincing and memorable; by all means, both could be digested one's own (and kudos for Soderbergh to obtain as such) and glad that they are, but taken as a single statement, Che offers exactly what he intends to accomplish. <br /> <br /> Indeed, everything that made the third part live that it was a month ago is still obvious here due to the subtle but encouraging performance from the central distribution to the the slow building, the realistic structured battle scenes - the drama inherent to the characters on the screen is as vague and indistinguishable, but with a feature like this, the second part demonstrates once again that avoiding such elements does not necessarily damage a movie when it exists enough plot and reflection on other elements to keep the audience engaged. In fact, after writing this review, I was inconsistent with the fact that I added a paragraph or two to my initial review for Part I and claimed the review as a whole, yet I felt that this would only serve to disillusion who can sit down to watch all the two consecutive movies. <br /> <br /> With that said, I can not rightly decree whether or not it is holding up to the task of engaging for a public on its four-hour plus runtime but viewing both segments can at least attest to each party's ability to do so. With a reflective scenario, complicated combined with endlessly charming and talkative performances that make the film characters right without drawing attention to themselves, the second part is as convincing and rewarding as its predecessor, but this time with a tragic but uplifting, recalling the right conclusion for the history pages of the film. - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
