The second part is taken ... not if the last movie is left. As part of the quasi-conventionality of the 4-hour epic event from Steven Soderbergh, Che's two stories are said to be classic scenes "Rise" and "Fall". In the second part, Che Guevara, leaving his office in Cuba, and after a failed attempt in Congo (only in the passage mentioned in the film), descends to Bolivia to try to launch another jungle-style revolution. Things do not go so well planned, probably because of his famous status when he was communist and revolutionary, and partly because of America's involvement by the Bolivian government and, of course, that Castro was not really a back-up for Che. While going, the second part of Che is sadder, but in some ways wiser than the first part. What makes sense, because Guevara must endure the low morale of his men, treason from those around constant mistakes of nearby elders and peasants, and ultimately a greater military force, but what saddest is that Guevara, no matter what, will not give in. It can be seen as a force incredible or a fatal flaw - maybe both - but it is also clear how you start to see Che, if not fully completely rounded, then something more sympathetic. True, he killed and was executed and it was justified by the end. And yet start working on the viewer in terms of a primary mercy; the sequence in which Guevara's health gets worse without medicine, leading to the shocking stabbing of a horse, marks one of the most memorable and satisfying for any movie this year. Again, Soderbergh's narrative command is strong, if sometimes slightly slow (easy to understand due to the long run) and one or two scenes feel totally weird (Matt Damon?), But these are minor debts. Going this time for the direct approach of the color camera, it is almost like a pure military image of war, said with great care to the men in the group, as well as to Guevara as Lord - on this group and how the things subtract the final scene . And as always, Del Toro is at the top of his game, in every scene, every beat knowing this guy so well - for better and worse - is getting as close to incarnation as possible. In general, the two parts of Che make up an impressive package: history as a convincing, good-for-audience drama even if I do not know Che or better if I do not think too much about it. It's so special. 8.5 / 10
