Ironically, the most talked about American film at the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98% in Spanish. The controversy of the extra-long film began at the Cannes Film Festival. There have been remarks of love and hate and considerable doubts about the commercial prospects. As consolation, the star, Benicio Del Toro, received the award for best actor there. I'm talking about Che, Steven Soderbergh, of course. This is the name he makes in this version, presented in New York as Cannes in two segments of 2 hours plus, without opening titles or final credits. "Che" is certainly fit because Ernesto "Che" Guevara is in almost every scene. Del Toro is impressive, reliably hanging through thick and thin, from glorious days of victory in the first part to several months of humiliating defeat in the second, appealing and sympathetic in all his varied manifestations, even disguised as a bald man who sneak into Bolivia. It's an extraordinary performance; someone wants to have a better frame. If you are quite patient to stay in over four hours with an interruption between the two sections, there are rewards. There is a genuine feeling all over the world - fortunately, Soderbergh made the decision to shoot in Spanish (although some strangers in the English segments in particular are wooden). You have a good idea of ​​what guerrilla war, Che's style, was like: surrender, campsite recruitment, morality, discipline, difficulty and struggle - as well as the gradual morphing of Che from company doctor to military leader . The use of a new 9-kilogram 35-degree digital cinematographic camera that became available in time for filming allowed DP Peter Andrews and his crew to produce images that are a bit cold but sometimes they still sing and are always sharp and smooth. The film is in two parts - Soderbergh calls them two "movies" and the plan is to release them commercially as such. The first is the "Argentinean," illustrating Che's leadership in the jungle and fighting in the city, which led to the fall of Havana in the late 1950s, and the second is "Guerrilla" and refers to Che's failed effort near a a decade later in Bolivia, a revolution, a fruitful mission that led to the capture and execution of Guevara in 1967. The second part was to have been the original film and was written first and, I think, shot first. Producer Laura Bickford says the second part is more of a thriller, while the first part is more of an action movie with great fighting scenes. Yes, but both sides have much in common - too much - because they spend much of their time following country guerrillas. Guerrilla, an unprecedented ascension since the Bolivian uprising was condemned from the start. The Cuban group who tried to run her did not receive a friendly welcome from the Bolivian camps who suspected strangers and thought of the Cuban communists as rapists without God. There is a third party, a sort of celebrated black and white space, made up of Che's speech at the United Nations in 1964 and interviews with him at the time, but intersected in the first segment. The first part also has Fidel and is much more optimistic, leading to the victory at Santa Clara in 1959, which led to the fall of Fulgencio Batista's dictatorship in Cuba. During "Guerilla" I was thinking about how a European quality miniseries could really work, which could start with a shorter version of Walter Salles' Motorcycle Diaries and go to Guevara's faithful encounter with Fidel in Mexico and enlisting in the July 26 Movement. There could be more to his extensive travels and diplomatic missions. This is far from being a complete picture of man, the interest of childhood in chess, his interest in lifelong poetry, the books he has written; even his international fame is just touched. And how about his cruel and cruel part? Indeed, what Soderbergh is most interested in is not Che, but revolution and guerrilla warfare. The lasting impression that the four hours of holidays have on slogging through the woods and the jungle with wounded and sick men and women and the idealistic dedication to the end of the tyranny of the rich. Someone mentioned that he remembered Terrence Malick, "The Red Line of the Tin", and yes, the beaten approach, episodic battle is similar; but the "thin red line" has stronger characters (hardly anyone is forced to appear except Che), and it's a great movie. This is an impressive but unfinished and unbearable effort. This love work of 8 years, intensely researched love (how many Ocean must come to pay it?) It is a project vanity, too long for a regular theatrical show and too short for a miniseries. Radical editing - or major expansion - would have made it more successful and a long slogan, especially in the second half. It is clear that this slogging could have been cut down, although it is not so clear what form the resulting film would take - but with some luck it would have been pretty good.
