Easily crossing everywhere, from the Cuban coup d'état to the undercover entrance to Bolivia, the second part of the portrait of Che Guevara from Soderbergh is that of the tragic hero. Like Che? Part one, this guerrilla war, quite full of war, through the colorful mountains of Bolivia is likely to disappoint more people than it will satisfy, why it was so bravely praised for the Cannes film (and especially for Benicio's performance Del Toro)? James Rocchi, for example, called it a work of art that is "not just the story of a revolutionary," but "a revolution in itself". Guardian's Peter Bradshaw called it a "faulty masterpiece." Are I returning to the initial argument for Part One? that the value is mainly found in the image of a hero's figure. And in an age where there is a source of hero's bad role models, could not it be welcoming to see a very honored person, even if he is stripped of some of the less loved episodes of his life? This is the psychological hero consecrated by the great Scottish essayist, Thomas Carlyle, in his seminary book Heroes and Hero Worship. Heroes can be real or imagined (or somewhere between them). But we should really inspire ourselves with higher goals, with a higher purpose. Compare this to the unrealistic "heroes" of the Western standard story: if a person suffers trials and tribulations before getting a barely credible reward? usually eternal love or material wealth? as if it were the divine intervention in the studio. True heroes have an excess of moral courage? not Lost Ark-bold-devilishness or James Bond super-toys. They stand up and empower others to stand up, be the best they can be. In the first part, Che succeeds. In the second part, he fails. It is not about moral courage, but since a) not all good plans can succeed and b) being human, mistakes are inevitable. Guevara's intellectual clarity is erroneous when he equates the conditions that justify the armed struggle with conditions that make this armed struggle capable of succeeding. It is a serious error. <br /> <br /> High in the mountains of La Paz, the colors are breathtaking. There is a mise-en-scene authenticity air that was occasionally missing in Che-Part One (the US would not allow Soderbergh to film in Cuba.) Visual treatments are intensified by maximizing natural light and extreme flexibility and realism RED Rooms. This is a high-performance digital camera with a 35mm film quality and the convenience of pure digital. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package weighs just 9 lbs. "Filming with RED is like listening to the Beatles for the first time," says Soderbergh. "RED sees how I see ... so organic, so beautifully endowed with the most natural phenomenon of" light. "If Che stopped with the success of the Cuban revolution, it would have shrouded it with almost mystical invincibility. he succeeds in Bolivia not only has human limits, but his moral virtues are remembered, not political triumph. Critics will say - and with some justification - that his army struggle inspired less noble characters to achieve dictatorships The development of the tactics of fighting against the guerrillas is not good or bad in itself (and has since been used for both of them.) But for all its welfare, the film seems often lacking in dramatic and narrative tensions. escaped to another, knowing that he would eventually meet his death. I woke up looking at my watch and believing that it could have been shorter But the work that went into that? interviews with people in all the parties and even getting one of Guevara's former comrades to train their actors on Bolivian operations? make the film a commendable achievement. It may not be top entertainment, but it demonstrates integrity in documenting a significant part of history. There is also another very important point in the figure of Che 'hero here. It's about failure. That if you try everything, even if you fail, your effort will not have been in vain, because it could give others hope and moral courage. One might call cynic a "martyr" complex, and of course, it is also found in many religious figures. But Che does not "sacrifice" himself. He does what he does best, to the greatest extent of his non-conscious ability, and provides an example. Success or failure in a particular situation becomes simple details. With the old and illegal Cuban blockade in the United States (all in the name of "freedom"), I'm tempted to write that Che Parts 1 & 2 are too good to be wasted on the US But that would mean to claim that the movie was looking for so seriously avoid. We must hope that many viewers will have the ability to watch Che without politics and the prejudices that inevitably generate. Irrespective of its defects, it redeems Soderbergh from the populist ocean nonsense 11. But if you have not heard of Che Guevara or you've seen the first part, or if you can not pass the phrase "Marxist criminal" without foam on my mouth, I can fight to imagine what you get from this movie. The same can be said for many of those who have and can.
