Now, of course, I'm not an ardent student of the genre. In fact, I have always kept myself away from the West, because despite all their critical knights as America's primal stories (or whatever), it seems to me to become forever in tiring rebellions of "Injuns," "the great machine gun "or" Hey, form a posse! "In other words, I always seemed to be such a rooted and bound-for-convention kind that it left a small precious space for surprise or originality. (And yes, I saw at least some of the so-called "best" and I forced them unequivocally into this negative assessment - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My dear Clementine and, of course, infamous Clint Eastwood - Sergio Leone's Team in the 1960s. But when I saw this movie on television - as part of a Jimmy Stewart weekend commemorating his death - we finally got it: I understood, at least in theory, what Western myths must offer as a serious concern (apart from actions and emotions), is the push between ties and order, the American West represented the freedom, but also the prospect of the savage, of the people, the respectable people could be injured there, which, of course, - perhaps - it was not meant for respectable people, and that the only inhabitants should be the amorous and the lost, those who have released the strict justice from the barrel of the revolvers and where they kill or in such an environment, of course, the true heroes are those who are sufficiently in love and free to be there in the first place (and thus to reject "society" at least as manifested itself on the east coast); and yet have a sense of justice to believe that a society based on chaos and fear is not at all right. Capturing and examining that disparity between law and disorder IN THE MAIN CHARACTER HIMSELF is, I think (after seeing this film), the highest and most real objective of any West. Unfortunately, it is not so often because the white hats are completely white, the black ones are completely black (and we do not even start talking about the Indians, ok) and there are precious gray shades between them. /> <br /> Not in this. Jimmy Stewart plays a great fortune treader who follows the miners' route ahead of him in the Alaska wilderness to search for gold. He is associated in this regard by his longtime friend, played by Walter Brennan (perhaps the Western cliche character to end them all - but still enjoyable here as always) - and no one else. While Stewart displays his patented charm (let's never despise the guy, can we now?), I was no doubt that he is essentially a self centered, an interesting character: none of his humanism "Gosh" or "Oh golly gee" is not allowed to pass. Or, rather, it MUST be WINNED at the end of the image, as I have described above. He has to face the lack of law itself and sing it against the need for order and justice, which is so obvious in the border town that serves as the starting point of the mines on their golden runway. This city is ruled by its evil sergeant, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntire in one of the best "bad" shows I've ever seen. He comes with so much charm and humor, and has such a relaxed and interesting relationship with Stewart that it actually takes a while to admit that he is the * bad guy - so when he sinks in, he does it twice . In addition, by establishing a kind of camaraderie between McIntire and Stewart, the bracelet (if needed guarded), the film plays the notion of how close to temper they really are - and how far a moral distance must Stewart reach to the end the film <br /> <br /> I will not go through all the mistakes and transformations the plot takes - see them for you (as well as the tough and gorgeous Alaskan landscape - shot on the spot, do not think of the cheap photographs painted that the studio did). What is essential here is how much this story focuses on the character, with a great dialogue and character interaction that replaces gunplay most of the time - though the movie has enough action and adventure to prevent statics ever being static. Definitely one of the greatest shows I've seen from Stewart, showing that the renegade, the man of the man, could play as convincing as the decent guy and the top man next door. In fact, the qualities of "every man" give him more power to characterize him, making him look less mythical or exaggerated - like, for example, Eastwood or John Wayne - and more of a three-dimensional character. His relationship with Brennan is well played: underestimated but still touching (with a poor suggestion by George and Lenny in "Of Mice and Men" - another type of "West"). certainly have more Westerners to see, but this is my favorite moment and the extent to which I will necessarily judge everyone else. It deserves to be much better known and appreciated than it is.
