From those who have brought us the Penguins' Marsh, I think there has been much anticipation for The Fox and the Child. From the harsh winters from the South Pole to the wild savage of France, the narrative is now a documentary piece and story story telling about the friendship between the two characters Renard the fox and his friendship with the child who baptized him played by Bertille Noel-Beuna. The story is sincere, and sometimes this film would have shown that many Japanese films that children-different animals hated friendship after developing confidence and how they revolve around each other deal with those opponents and those which I like. Here, the child meets the elegant fox near her home in the mountains, which offers a lot of beautiful pictures beautiful pictures pictures that a cinema will have to go into power to surprise. pamper yourself in a wonderful landscape, the characters do not manage to set that level of confidence from their debut, and we have to wait a few seasons to the end and 45 minutes in the movie before finding a level in the diet. The child is persistently trying to strike a connection with the objective of tame the creature for her own amusement, but the fox, well, as well as other course notions. While I thought the narrative was pretty poor, unlike in March of the penguins that has this human narrative interpretation of what is happening on the screen, what excelled here were the documentary elements of the film, watching the life and times of the fox as a predator, and a prey. Between the two, more tension and drama was given to the latter, especially when dealing with traditional enemies like wolves and who were given them, those sequences were rather intense, especially when their child he's ill. Otherwise, it was clear that he is sailing and is quite hurt as the two go to play with each other in photos that you know have been subjected to a magical movie editing. There were surprisingly dark moments in the movie that were not well suited for children, as those in the same room were certified by the simple deception of their eyes, so parents may well realize that you do not let the child disturb the rest filming. <br /> <br /> As a film, I would have preferred it to be a complete documentary of the Great Penguins, but I think the way it was dissatisfied, it probably had an objective that warns us not to interfere with nature and that some things are not meant to be and should remain as such. Long-time film based on the power of Bertille Noel-Bruneau's chemistry and the multiple foxes played by Renard.
