FOX AND CHILD are the latest films by director Luc Jacquet of MARCH OF THE PENGUINS. The film, which boasts a single human being in its role, young actress Bertille Noël-Bruneau, tells the relationship quite rare, though seemingly credible, between a child and a wild fox. the documentary of nature and the story of fairy tale, the film focuses on L'Infant, the child who, on his way to school, someday passes on the path of a wild fox in a picturesque setting, possibly France, although the exact location is never mentioned . In the following weeks, the child returns to the place where he found his fox, hoping that one of those days will see the fox mentioned, which he will once again call Lily. And so it goes on. The days turn into weeks, and then the summer disappears, it goes back down and then in winter, promising a superb cinema of the brilliant white winter landscape. Eventually, the spring returns again, and the young man finds the fox and, indeed, strikes a friendship with the animal. And so on. I had little or no waiting for FOX AND CHILD. I saw MARCH OF PENGUINS and was simply amazed at the movie contained in that movie. Luc Jacquet is an extremely talented and truly rare filmmaker, and I was expecting an amazing, breathtaking cinema with breathtaking views and wonderful pictures of wildlife. It has been delivered in spite of it. But here Jacquet has a credit on the screen, and without knowing anything about the film before the screening, I expected something slightly different from what had already been seen in March. A fictional story. The child and the fox And the story is simple. A young child, seemingly lively, lives in a house in the middle of nowhere and goes to school, apparently on his own, every day, apparently without care in a seemingly perfect world. No hint of an adult in sight. Brilliant. So she makes a friendship with a fox. With a movie like this, you have to give up your own opinion about the movie and stand up to the target audience. This is a movie that directly targets children from the age of, I would say, six and above. Or for families wanting a cinema trip with their race on a wet afternoon Sunday. He is not a 31-year-old man who takes blows from films like the recent, brilliant WANTED and the like. But, being the critic in London, I set myself on the foot of a lovely eight-year-old girl for the 95-minute FOX and CHILD. Now, I have some problems with this movie. As a 31-year-old boy and loyalist of all the cinemas, I liked wild pictures and landscapes. It's amazingly visual. The animal character direction is brilliantly executed - just as well as you will find in any of Attenborough's efforts. As an impressive and brief, 8-year-old, I liked the first half hour - then I lost interest. It's a bit repetitive and in places that are rather frightening and frightening for a younger child, especially the rather dark end. As a 31-year-old man, I was a little frightened in the places. Wuss. <br /> <br /> So it's not a child's movie. It's not really an adult movie, and I felt a little disappointed. It's a good family film. Depends. Maybe it's educational, and the movie has a message. It's definitely not a movie that I would have paid hard to win hard to go see and take my brains to try to recommend it to a certain type of movie. It's hard, but I know some will go see and fall in love with this movie. It is very European and, of course, if you are a fan of wild-themed films, try it. Uncertain? Well, we're waiting for the DVD for a wet afternoon Sunday. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
