I really wanted to like this movie and I do not think I was very disappointed. Being a professor of American history, I almost felt obliged to see this film and, in terms of history, it was not bad. Of course there were a few mistakes here and there (especially with the chronology - the movie seemed to last only a few months or maybe a year - no more than six years of real combat), but the overall spirit of the movie and the battle sequences were excellent. Unfortunately, the film also included a rather meaningless subplot, which implies a difficult story to believe between a poor patriot and a wealthy loyalist. For the most part, it really served to divert attention from the whole plot and it just seemed "attached" - as a plotting plotter instead of a true story from honest to kindness. In fact, just as much from hot romantic to stupid cliché of "love at first glance," it was kind of annoying more I think of it. However, despite this romance, the movie is really exciting and inspiring --- plus, in many ways, it seems that the movie much later, THE PATRIOT, was copied from this Griffith movie! Both films followed the exploits of an evil leader who fought for the British and used horrific tactics against civilians - both of whom had the secret intention of using this as a "launch pad" to start his own nation in America! The only major difference is that this film is located in the north and PATRIOT was in Carolinas. Of course it would have been good if Mel Gibson and the others had recognized their debts to D. W. Griffith for story ideas. It seems unlikely that the two stories were created independently of each other. PS - Despite the fact that I liked this film and other Griffith movies, it deserves to "burn to hell" again to have white actors portraying all the black servants of the movie! This is a sick thing and fanaticism that Griffith has done in many of his films - especially in NATION OF A NATION. I have to assume that, on the basis of this and the way he interprets the Negars that he was A-OK with slavery and that he was quite apologetic for this "strange institution" (do not mind me - that's SARARASM).
