I waited until July 4th to write this because. . . good . . . because I feel it is right to do it on this day. In 1924 D.W. Griffith needed a shot, he did not have a big one at ORPHANS OF THE STORM (1921). Since then he has worked constantly, but his films have been smaller and have failed to hit the right rope with the audience. He planned a film about Patrick Henry when he was contacted by the American Revolutionary Sons (DAR) members who asked if he could expand his ideas to embrace more of the American Revolution. This film is the result. When he finished, he had a 14-reel history lesson and there was no trace of Patrick Henry anywhere. We all know the story of the revolutionary war, but Griffith threw a love story with Nathan patriot farmer (Neil Hamilton) who falls in love with Tory aristocracy Nancy Montague (Carol Dempster, a lady for Griffith for many years). The complicated problems are that Nancy's father hates Nathan. . . well not just Nathan, it hates all rebels. It is not helpful when, during a fight on the streets of Lexington, someone hits Nathan's arm, making him unload his gun and accidentally hurt Nancy's father! Parallelism is the story of love (mostly true but partly delighted) story of Captain Walter Butler (Lionel Barrymore), a British renegade officer who feels he is not to be owed to anyone. With thousands of Indians forming the six nations on his side, he hopes to crush colonies and become the monarch of his empire. Comparisons with the birth of a nation (1915) are inevitable. The Montague family might be Cameron from the previous movie, while Nathan might be part of the Stoneman family. The succession of Bunker Hill battles is very much akin to a scene of a nation with a striking army, in this case Redcoats, who killed a patch full of patriots. The only thing missing is that Henry Walthall is loaded onto Earth No one to raise a flag in a cannon's nose. Surprisingly, America's battle scenes seem to lack the energy of battle scenes in BIRTH and fail to attract the audience. Something is missing. Not the scope, G.W. The movie "Billy" Bitzer is pretty good. Maybe it's missing. . . I dare say it. . . sincerity? The Capt. Butler and his men are well underlined, although much happens in a long or off-screen shot. Do not expect heads to be bent in detail, as we have seen in INTOLERATION (1916). In a scene, Butler's second commander, Capt. Hare (Louis Wolhiem), takes the eyes of a captivating colonist. We just see the beginning of the deed, and for the rest of the room it focuses on Hare's face, obviously feeling good. Lionel worked with Griffith in 1912. A story comes that he approached Griffith for work, and D.W, knowing the reputation of his famous family, said, "I do not hire stage actors." to which Lionel replied: "And I'm not like that, sir!" He makes a very good and pretty believer. Louis Wolhiem appeared three times with Lionel's older brother; in SHERLOCK HOLMES and DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE (both 1920) and later in the Temple (1927). As Capt. Hare's wild eyes observe and disturbed hair not only marks him as a villain, but makes you think he's crazy too, too. Neil Hamilton later remarked that America was for the first time on the horse and "I was scared of death, but she hides her discontent, and we can think he was pretty equestrian when the movie was over. Griffith was very in love with Carol Dempster and at one point asked him to marry him. She refused and soon left his company, and then her star status gradually declined. an accidentally funny, not to be revealed, came during the description of Paul Revere's journey. He rides his horse on the porch in front of a family to say, "To weapons! The Rules Come! "But as he tries to leave the horse, he can not negotiate the steps back and stops hunting the horseman on the ground I am amazed Griffith has not done anything else So is America a classic YES Do not wait until on July 4th to see this, it is enjoyable anytime.
