Beautiful young woman Eva (Hedy Lamarr) marries an older man (Zvonimir Rogoz). Unfortunately, she can not meet her sexually and ignore her. Frustrated she goes home and plans to get a divorce. Then, someday, it sinks into a lake in the middle of the forest. Her horse stops with her clothes ... and runs after her! He meets Adam, very young and very beautiful (Aribert Mog). They make love and realize that this is the man he wants. <br /> <br /> CLOSE SPOILER !!!! Naturally, since this was done in 1933, she must be punished for her sin, so that it leads to a tragic ending. END OF SPOILER !!!! <br /> <br /> This people terrified in 1933, but he is quite overwhelmed by today's standards. swim nude Lamarr shows nothing and when she runs the completely naked horse, she is either shown in the extremely long shot or is covered by branches and so. There are just some minor shots on her breasts. Also, when having sex with Mog, nothing is shown except face, but you see her doing orgasm. These scenes were considered quite extreme in their day and were completely cut off by American liberation. Now, today I am again. This movie would get with with a PG-13 easy now. Episodes <br /> <br /> Shock aside this is just OK. It's beautiful and there's no dialogue. Except for the musical score, this could be a silent image. Fortunately, all the actors are good - Lamarr and Mog especially and they are so appealing that they keep an eye on your thoughts. Also, the sequence in which I make love is easily one of the most beautiful sequences and actions I've ever seen in a movie. Scenes of sexual symbolism (quite few of them) are, unfortunately, quite obvious today. in fact, I started chicotte during one. So great direction, beautiful pictures, attractive actors, works well all around - but I was not even impressed by it. I found the movie slow moving (beautiful pictures do not take a picture for me), somewhat dull, obviously static and had a negative end. I can live with the end, but do not excuse the other problems I've had with him. Also, the final sequence is REALLY weird - and out of place. So I admire this movie more than anything else. It was well done and I would recommend it, but with caution. Many people seem to love this movie, so I'm in the minority. Use your own judgment.
