In 1930, Europe was shocked when Luis Bunuel's "L'Age Dor" was released, provoking a revolt in Paris when he was seen there, resulting in being forbidden for more than forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe overcame the shock, it was again in the ear with Ekstase, a symphony of love. The film starred with a young German actress named Hedwig Kiesler, who later changed his name to Hedy Lamarr when he moved to America to get rid of Adolf Hitler's madness, as Eva, a young bride who married with a cold, beloved husband (played by Emil Jerman), just to find that he made a major mistake. A divorce later, Eve is standing and free fantasy, and one day she is stuck in a lake when she discovers Adam, a young and beautiful engineer (played by Aribert Mog), who takes a real fantasy. After a wild night of passion, Eva's ex-husband returns again, hoping to win Eve back, just to find that he now has a rival. I will not hurt what's going on. The Czech director, Gustav Machaty (who directed the original version of the "Madam X" screen, another parable in romantic obsession), leads from a script by Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek Horky & Machaty, in Robert Horky's novel. The cinematic cinematography of the film (reminded by Avant Garde photographer, Man Ray's photographs of the epoch, which goes rather for an impressionist use of light and shadow) is by Hans Androschin and Jan Stallich.) The brutal version of the film is by Antonin Zelenka and the direction of the art of the film, which goes for a lush, almost Art Deco, is by Bohumil Hes). If I have any doubt about this film, it's Giuseppe Becce's musical score, which goes for a superior melodrama, I feel it's getting old quickly (certain themes are repeated again and again, being good, fast, like a use of certain musical themes by David Lean, especially in "Lawrence Of Arabia" and "Dr.Zivava"). A few years ago, a new restored print was composed of the best source material, cobbled together from various existing European available prints, restoring it to what is probably the closest version of what originally looked forward that the Vatican condemned the decadent "(yes, right ... as if the Church did nothing wrong) and Hayes's office cut it on ribbons when it was finally released in the US in 1936 in an approved cut by "Hayes Office" (the same) .The minimal German dialogue with English subtitles (it was supposed to be a visual experience mainly) It is not rated, but it contains that infamous scene of Hedy Lamarr , mind) and some suggestions about sexual content (which also) would not earn the PG-13 rating nowadays. You should be looking at whether you have any interest in early European cinema or cinema Avant Garde / Experimental
