I can not comment on this movie without personally discussing its significance. Like a bad child, I've never been able to go to a cinema. I met the first films at the end of World War II through Roger Manvilles's splendid Penguin book "Film", which brought me so much pleasure as my health began to improve that I would like to buy another copy to re-read today. My introduction to many classic films, such as Battleship Potemkin, Drifters, the Metropolis, Dr. Caligari's Cabinet and Ecstasy; first came through this book and later at Art-house University cinema. Ecstasy supported the Vatican's wrath for Emil's deserted apology, her subsequent divorce, and the short swim took Eve's buff, but Roger Manville ignored these trivial issues and talked about the movie as an extraordinary, handsome, triumphant hymn to love - a vision resumed by many IMDb users. A very lonely young man, when I saw him, I fell away willingly. No other occasion to see Ecstasy occurred until the introduction of home videos - it has since become a precious memory that is not disturbed. Pretty soon I added Ecstasy to my home video collection and found this superficial review. Ecstasy is far more than a parable about the continuity of human existence, against which individual lives are insignificant - perhaps a tribute to what Bernard Shaw in his aggressive agnostic writings used for the phrase "lifeforce." <br /> <br /> Ecstasy portrays a young married bride with a middle-aged man whose sexual excitement is no longer strong. Disappointed, she returns home and divorces her. As soon as he lived a strong mutual attraction to a young viril, he meets during riding trips. She makes love for the first time and is an overwhelming experience. Her ex-husband can not face the rejection and gives the young man an elevator in his car, intending a train that will kill both of them on a level crossing. But the train stops in time, and the seemingly bad driver is taken to recover to a nearby hotel where he / she suits later by shooting. After these exciting climax sequences, a gentle, predictable and almost inevitable end pointing out that while the human being is experiencing both joy and tragedy, the collective life continues to carry us further into his flow and only by contributing to this flow can be really happy. This story is tricked, the act is no more than adequate; and normally such a film would have disappeared into garbage, as did most of its contemporaries long ago. What gave ecstasy its classic status is exceptional cinematography, a continuous lyrical score and a very loving direction, coupled with something random but in very important cinematic terms - appeared only after the introduction of the sound and was probably planned as a movie speechless. It's the subtitle, and its director exploited the impact of short verbal sequences that accompany some subtitles and occasionally falls in the score that conveys the love of the movie. This is not only unique, but it is extremely satisfying. The parable of the story is constantly emphasized, but so subtle that only when reflected after viewing, someone becomes fully aware of it. For example, the name - Eva and Adam; Emil's obsessive behavior on the night of his wedding, which shows that triviations have become the most important thing in his life and preaches his possible suicide because he does not have a proper purpose to support him; the continuous series of beautiful sequences showing erotic images (a bee pollinating a flower, a key that enters a lock, a broken necklace during Eva's virgin love with Adam, etc.); and the post-suicidal final sequences that could have been filmed in several different ways, but serve to the utmost the importance of individuals doing a certain type of activity that contributes positively to society, as well as to create new forms of life to sustains this society after ourselves pass on. <br /> <br /> As a 1933 film, I would miss this at 9 - even by comparing it with contemporary works I would not reduce this to below 8. For me the film will always remain a must see, I feel that the remarks above indicate a certain trend in this judgment). Unfortunately, in North America, the contemporary evaluations of this film were distorted by the extreme reaction of the 1930s to the very short and relatively nude scene of Hedy Kiesler, who had difficulty living in Hollywood (some critics have not clearly seen classic movies such as Hypocrites, Hula, back to the Land of God, Bird of Paradise, or some of the early works of DW Griffiths and CB deMille, even mistakenly referred to this as the first appearance of a nude actress in - a feature film). This scene was probably part of the original novel, and the film would have been very little different if the director had chosen to rewrite it. Two other thoughts; First of all, this is a Czech film released in 1933. Its final message of hard work generating positive benefits for society must have seemed superficial to viewers when a few years later their country became the first victim of Nazi oppression and it was practical destroyed for at least two generations (I do not remember that these sequences were examined immediately after the war when I first saw this movie - if they were removed from the copy I saw then?). Secondly, my main message today is that real beauty things are often very transient, even if their memory can stay with one for a lifetime. We should be grateful to everyone that today some of them can be captured in the room and seen again at our disposal.
