First, let's get the hoopla out of the way. Lamara was considered one of the most beautiful women, and the movies were a perfect environment for many to see their beauty on screen. Here we have Hedy as a fresh young man - he spoke with a 20-year-old in Romanian. I have recently bought an uncensored version since 1990 of this classic 1932/3. , director Gustav Machaty uses the cover of the branches, reflections in the ponds, medium and long fires to show it in this famous scene; so you do not think they are lazy or clinches. His friend Pierre Nay keeps his clothes permanently. Yes, quite daring for his day, but how innocent now looks through the eyes of 2003. As other reviews have shown, this film should look at imagination, expressionism, and allegorical claims that they take pictures of water droplets that form a rupture on the surface of a pale water, agricultural machinery, landscapes, etc. Sweet polling tracks run for most of the length of "Extase," and the film has a "sensation" of transition between silence and sound in its direction and concept. The script is extremely minimalist and economical, with the story being transmitted primarily through facial and body gestures with only a few German-language words spoken by actors with subtitles in English below. Even these few words seem almost superfluous in the lyrical general vein that passes through the film. the story of a young woman who marries her with a much older man (why never told us and what Eve saw in him anyway? Money?), who is caught in an unconsumed and unloved marriage. She then returns to her father after lying to her son. After a trip on her horse, Eve decides to swim in her comb and load her clothes on her horse's saddle. However, her horse has romantic notions in her own right and she is galloping to meet her stable mate. out of the empty lake and trying to recover the mountain, but an engineer at work sees and recovers the horse, then looks around for his owner. And so romance is born. His husband, seeing his rival win Eve, later decides to shoot but I thought this was quite illogical and his main weakness, considering his unrelated love relationship with Eve. Despite being a re-editing title on the VHS since 1990, the 70-year sound with background crackles according to age-old movies. After a mourning period our beautiful lover is so in love with Eve that she imagines her as a mother with a child, so we have to suppose that I live happily ever after. Let the imaginary be washed over you and disappoint your mind of the style of vintage films of the late 1930s. This is a lyrical piece that can be enyoyed for her sake and not just for her eyes catching eyes. I gave them 7/10.
