(There is no need to recap the plot because others have already done it.) It is understandable that many viewers find a mistake in the high-pitched film, as we are with the slam-bang feeling of today's cinematic experience. In this context, a movie like Ecstasy seems to have strayed from another planet. I think there are several valuable reasons why. Most importantly, the film is poetically, as the camera nurses slowly over hills, trees, clouds, etc., providing a clear and lyrical sense of a natural world that integrates man and woman into its fold. Together, they reveal a style and size almost completely devoid of today's cinematic technology, where rapid fire editing works to distract the audience and not focus it. In addition, the story is transmitted through the eyes and not through the ear, with almost no dialogue to explain what is happening. This is another extreme departure from the very literal fare of today, where images only seem to matter when they delight the audience. But perhaps the most anxious ... the movie is sometimes quiet, not in the sense that silent movies are quiet when we expect them to be. But in the sense that the characters rarely talk when we expect them to be. Thus, the burden of storytelling is shared between filmmaker and spectator. The first one has to choose the chart to convey the story, while the latter must think about those visuals, since they will not be explained. None of them has the intention of diminishing today's film-making. It is simply to point out that a film like Machaty comes from a very different aesthetics from what we have today. I do not claim to be better or worse. However, I argue that Ecstasy is a perspective that lacks much of today's cinematic experience, in which such "contemplative values ​​are usually rejected as slow and dull." The film in itself is not a masterpiece, although it sometimes touches artistic highs, just as in the beautiful scene of the beer garden, with the end of the crane uplifted to show the refined painting below: The slow tracts of the countryside with its pantheistic celebration of life, nature and regeneration, are also wonderful expressions. These are the kinds of scenes that do not overwhelm you, but rather give you a half chance - quietly accumulated in an unforgettable experience in its way as the variety of spine of a jaw. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the movie is sometimes difficult to handle, just as Machaty picks up the image, especially in the final sequence, from-to-work. it's hard to know what to do from this pretty messy presence. Perhaps the symbol has to do with the heroic dimension that the workers occupy for the hero in love and for the people in general - a theme promoted by the influential Soviet cinema. However, her presence here is quite over-done. Anyway, I have to admit that I've begun to see the superb Hedy LaMarr in the buff. But now I have to admit that in this process I have more than a story in the forest.
