Ecstasy (1933) (USA 1940) With Hedy Lamarr (in the role of Hedy Kiesler) The first sighting of a 19-year-old Hedy Lamarr appears in the first moments of this 1930s treasure, screened in an angelic wedding dress. This was the beginning of a legendary career. This was our glorious introduction to the most beautiful woman who ever wore the silver screen. It's Eva (Lamarr) wedding night and her older husband seems uninterested in her romantic advances. He retires to the lonely bed and, in a beautiful scene, knocks on her wedding ring, while making her great mistake surpasses her. The husband seems more interested in care and order than love. Gustav Machaty uses superb room angles and precise framing to capture Lamarr's talent and beauty. Without words spoken in the first part of the film, she is able to understand our sympathy, hearts and support. It is that combination that prepared the audience of the 1930s for what they would see after the film unfolded. Ecstasy was considered shocking for his time ... Some thought it was scandalous. She returns home to her father's property and files for divorce. The next day, she wakes up with a complete sense of freedom and happiness. It just needs to get out and feel rural freedom and clean air. Eva goes for a horseback ride and happens in a beautiful lake. And in one of the most famous scenes in the history of the film, Hedy Lamarr became the first person to ever appear nude in a major film. Her frolic in the forest and her flourishing adventure in the lake were legendary scandalous. But the audience could not stay away. As in many of today's films, the controversy has made it a movie you have to see. Eva's evil adventure introduces her to a nice young woman who helps them find her horse, who has run away with her clothes. After an inconvenient encounter, they eventually collapse for each other. The first romantic encounter was almost as controversial as the nude scene, with its blatant waves of eroticism. However, Machaty does a beautiful work in these romantic moments. Machaty creates a wonderful moment, when Eva seems to sink into her new boyfriend, using a wonderful trick of the early room. It can not be overestimated how brave this performance was on Lamarr. Many would have assumed it was a career suicide. Instead, he won his worldwide fame and caught the eye of Louis B Mayer, who signed it with a contract with MGM. There are some really erotic moments in this movie, even today's standards. It is impossible to imagine how they were received in the 1930s. Again, Machaty was very intelligent with his image, leaving a lot of imagination. But we all understand very well what we see and is well done. The reunion of Eva's ex-husband and her current lover is perhaps inevitable. However, the consequences of this meeting are not. The film has some unexpected changes in the final act and it all makes for a wonderful story and a wonderful debut at the great stage of the movie star for Hedy Lamarr. I highly recommend this once controversial, now dress up the movie and urge you to look for it in its restored form on DVD. It's easy to understand, if only for the pleasure of seeing Hedy Lamarr. But the story is also convincing and the direction is ahead of its time. Ecstasy is a memorable spring treasure. Www.tccandler.com - TC Candler movies reviews!
