I can understand how movie fans Roman Polanski could love this movie - and I could understand how some would hate him completely (Ebert was one of the few who could not understand why people did not come out of the theater). After a first view, I'm not sure I could fall into any of the categories, though as someone who can not get enough Kafka and bizarre comedies of darkness of paranoia The tenant is efficient enough for his running time. Or maybe not - this is one of those cases where it would have been more of a masterpiece if it had been an episode of Zone Twilight Zone with half an hour, Serling having the coda like Terkovsky (or whoever might be ()) bed in bandages. It is very similar in the treatment of the protagonist convicted as a repulsion, but it could be argued that there was greater ambiguity, more a sense of surreality that came out of a sustained disintegration of character and place (and, frankly, a better lead performance) than the tenant. Currently, the tenant has an intriguing concern that you do not tell anyone: Polanski is a Polish emigrant to Paris, who takes an apartment that was most recently bought by Simone Choule, who jumped near her death from the window and died soon after. But the other tenants are conservative at maximum in terms of noise; after a Saturday night at Terkovsky's with a few friends, there are complaints of too much noise. It will not happen again, says Polanski's tenant, but slightly nervous, but there is no peace even if a cabinet or a chair moves. Soon, complaints are filed against another tenant, but from him? Can I file complaints? This is a case of identity not so wrong, but of a lack of peace of spirit with oneself and with the people around. As the downward spiral continues, Polanski touches his tension (and, I dare say, laughs at black comedy), showing Terkovsky amid a horrible dream - one of Polanski's most powerful scenes in the time - and finding his teeth in the wall, not to mention the bathroom along the road (which, I could add, is always a cinematic film of horror and surrealistic madness). But in a way, the movie never really feels from its excessive design, like a f-car ***, with Terkovsky's tenants seemed not to be what they seemed for a little while: there is not so much suspense when we find out that they are not really on their own, which makes paranoia more fulfilled. At least once or twice I thought as well "why did Polanski take the lead role for himself?" It's not that he's not a bad actor at all, and he has appeared in several movies and tracks that are not in his direction. But, apart from being awesome to look uncomfortably and tense, like in the church or in the moments of overturning when they thought they were really about to make him commit suicide, his transformation is less creepy than the language- in-cheek, a self test to see if he can shoot, which he does not entirely do. Despite the fact that Polanski worked well to show that Terkovsky was gentle and unwavering, we could see at least a few other actors who could draw him with more subtlety and affect personality. Until you see it, it goes between the dignified and true camp, especially when it goes to the double climax at the end (which, of course, is a bit surprising). And yet, it's a pleasure for fans of Polanski's film and fans to see trying to take part in filming and digging into more ambiguous characters (Winters and Douglas do it best, even if must break his limited characters) and unexpected moments, such as Polanski and Adjani, who become hot and heavy during a Bruce Lee movie, or when he really gets involved, or in an almost random scene in which he shot a child near a well, are rather shining and themselves. It's a very good movie and one that could draw my attention when I'm in too much coffee after midnight. But an essential movie? Not realy.
