One thing is for sure that everyone who has seen this movie will agree that it is very creepy. The other films in Polanski's unofficial trilogy are also terrifying, but they all are different in what makes them horrible, but they all deal with the same thing, they all deal with the mind. Definitely the people who look are very horrifying, each of them sending me trembling on the spine, which made me unable to sit still. Again, if you've seen the other two films mentioned, I'm sure you'll find this pretty creepy, because you're starting to look for the typical Polanski features you think you've got, are aware of that and will continue to tease you with simple, personal things whenever Trelkovsky returns slowly, I would be tightened for a jump, maybe I am only myself, but he felt intent on doing that although he was subtle, there is nothing the accumulation of music in those moments. The act in this sense was pretty good, especially since, of Polanski, of course, the other characters in the film do not have much time to raise the lead. Polanski really proves to be a great director, not only able to direct and write great movies, but may even act. I do not think there is another better person who could have detached the character of Trelkovsky, Polanski sat perfectly perfect. I like watching movies in which the director is also apart from the main cast, for me really highlights their versatility and their fantastic talent, which they respect a lot. One thing I did not like this movie is how it was done in English. For those who do not know, this is a French film, funded by the Americans, and also to make it more commercially successful, was mostly done in English. There are parts that are very obvious in terms of doubling and I do not know why it is, but in 3/4 of the time that there is a van, they completely get the wrong person to make the oak. There is a woman in the film who, when she speaks, is obviously a van, but they have received the most annoying person to make the voice over, it was a serious pain for my ears to hear them talk, she had the strongest pitch pitch I've heard for some time, it almost seemed fake but I do not see what it means, it was a rather small character. I would sincerely like to prefer him if they just left him as he was filmed, part of it in French and parts of it in English, because doubling in this movie was a pain and it was not close (two completely different films, I know) a high standard of another film that did a similar thing, which was "The Good, Bad and the Ugly". I realize it's not a big problem, just when you realize it gets annoying, but I'm sure you will not stay there for a long time trying to read what they say, no matter if you know French. /> <br /> What is so great about Polanski is that he will let you believe you know him, you know his style, which in some ways you do, but you really do not see what's behind corner. This film is much more open to interpretation than the other two films, which I believe really strengthens in particular. I personally feel that it is the best of the three, I'm not sure what's next, but I'm relatively close to their level of greatness. The end is fantastic, it's so easy to drop on it for a long time and not get anywhere. I chose not to think too much about that, just to have my personal opinion and leave it to it. I came back and I gave no insight into what makes this movie so great, I do not think so I will make it quick here. If you liked Rosemary's repulsion and / or baby, it guarantees that you will enjoy the least of this film. For those who are too unhappy to have seen, then I recommend you check this movie if you are looking for something that is quite a creepy movie that is smart enough, especially at the end, as well as if you are looking for something that it deals with the mind, even the paranoia, although it is better mounted in repulsion.
