Here is the example of a movie that was not well received when it was made, but whose condition seems to rise in time. "The tenant" is a quite interesting work of Polanski, one of the first European exiles. It is located in Paris and, as in many other exile films, the city, its streets, Sena and especially the building where the action takes place, play an important role. Only Polanski chooses the main character of not being an American (as in "Frantic" for example), but a Pol, as he was himself when he was heading west. There is actually a lot of personal comments in this film made about what had to be a moment of crisis in the life of the director, and the fact that he decided to play the lead role (and lead him with skill) can also be , seen as some kind of exorcism. It's a circular story somehow. The hero named Trelkovsky rents an apartment in the old Parisian building, inhabited by what seems to be a team well-matched by remarkably old or just ridiculous neighbors. The previous tenant attempted suicide by jumping from the window of the apartment, and Trelkovski only had time to visit her in the hospital before he died and to meet with his young and beautiful friend Stella (an Isabelle Adjani performing her first role after " L'histoire d'Adele H. "from Truffaut). Soon the neighbors do not seem to be what they are, it's a conspiracy to make him crazy or to make him enter the life and role of the dead girl. He struggles, tries to run, comes into play and ends up in a circle and becomes slow. The circle is closed. It is not the most credible story we have seen or heard, but the power of the film is not in the story but in the details of psychology, the slow degradation of the hero's mental state in the constant play of balancing reality and illusion . To some extent, what happens on the screen does not matter, but how it happens, recalling the classic "knife in the water" made more than a decade before, at the end of the Polish Polanski period. There are many details that are never explained, but then you have to find out how mysterious movies must be and in fact life is sometimes. The feeling of claustrophobia slowly contaminates the viewer. Unfortunately, some graphic details from the last part of the movie are not very well executed, and English-language dialogues almost neutralize the general atmosphere. Still, waiting for the final punch scene deserves much patience. It is not the best film Polanski has done, but he has many good parts, he shows the director's style and style, and was an important step in building his career.
