When the film was opened in 1976, the legend says she was met with massive contempt and contempt - it was considered a failure. I remember very well that Ebert gave him a star and that he was supposedly upset at Cannes. Apparently, these people did not understand the movie, which is not so difficult to understand because it is very esoteric, dark and stratified in ways that still amaze me. Reading many reviews here I find (even after about 7-8 views over the years) many elements of the movie I previously glossed about. But even without understanding the psychological fundamentals of the story, it's still a crack suspension ... even if you take paranoia and escalated persecution that exceeds Polanski's title as a tsunami during two hours of operation . br /> <br /> Examining the source material --- an excellent novel by the underestimated novelist Roland Topor --- discovers more interesting layers. Trekovsky of Polanski is the highest order milquetoast. Though he seems to be another easy day at first, he gradually realizes that he is one of those people who seem to be miserable by life, letting him steer. He seems to have little strong feelings about his pleasures and dislikes. It feels easy to push that way and that, but it never seems to be too bent in indifferent form. This kind of vague madness is more visible in the novel than the movie, but there are suggestions about it at the beginning of the movie. Making a game for a woman's apartment, one Mademouiselle Choule, who is in the hospital recovering from a recent suicide attempt, seems to be the most daring thing he tried (even effectively to avenge the price of the deposit in the deal ). However, he soon discovers that he pays for "his good work" in many ways than he cares, because he is in the middle of a rock created by a building full of neurotic, controlling strange, hypersensitive even to the smallest sign of human life, such as a step at night or a blow on the door. Instead of setting himself up, Trelkovski is becoming more and more alienated from the situation and overcome by paranoia and a sense of persecution. He becomes obsessed with Choule, imagining himself to be like her, dressing like her, etc., as his own personality begins to be killed by his madness. If someone ever wondered about Polanski's unhappiness as an artist, he would be well advised to see this movie. The black humor of his mark is prominent (and sometimes embarrassing) exposed here, and --- God bless him - he is all over. It's a tournament of strength in one of the richest, most dangerous, most gothic horror movies ever made. That more people have not seen it as a real crime.
