I'm a pretty old guy old enough to remember the taste of Oreos and Coca-Cola, as they were 50-55 years ago, when every taste for a child was fresh. I wish they were somehow off, then it's a magical suitcase suspended so I can taste these things today. This magical suitcase could even adjust the food fabric to take into account the way in which we physically and otherwise slipped a kind of dynamic chemistry of expectations. Throughout the century, it would have to adjust a little bit, because you see that I knew I left them aside. Eating one now would be a celebration of the self and the past, and the story and the sense that would almost make the early years an early reward. I did not have enough sense to do it with the original Coca-Cola. And could not I have invented one of these magical locker rooms? not then. But I did something almost as good. In the seventies, I really found myself in Roman Polanski. Was it a strange and exotic pleasure? you know, smuggling films in the Soviet bloc. Movies so sensitive to beauty that you cry for weeks after. Movies that make you want to live with the women in Poland, and then decide that they will be the last to get it. Here's what I did. I took what I knew was my favorite film Polanski and I would set it aside. I have not seen it. I delayed until I thought I would be big enough to deserve it. Over the years, I would test, my ability to surround beauty and delimit it without occupying it. Probably there are some Poles who have worked on this, practicing to deserve Chopin. The thing to deserve the woman when I see it. Trying to get the joints at the edges. Recently, we have obtained something like ensuring that the time has come to get this out. We already knew that we had already gone through this time when this would work best, because I had already seen and understood "Gate 9". If you do not know this, it's about an innocent man who rents a room where the previous tenant (who is called the story) jumped out of the window, dying later after visiting this man (played by Polanski). What is happening is that time bends and he becomes this woman. We are foolish to think that he is just crazy. But the way we follow it is not. He just lights the candles that the world is normal, and the surrounding people are not part of a coven, destroying their reality. The story does not really matter. What matters is how Polanksi models this, both in the way he lives in the eye, who only makes the edges and to live in the body that consists only of confused meat. The two never meet. There is a dissonance that can haunt me for the next 30 years. His idea about and inside and out without boundaries? except for a redhead wig. I know of no one else who could do this, this outline that remains a sketch, this horror that remains natural. To understand the genius of this, you need to know one of the greatest movies ever made; "The back window." The genius of this film is the post-noir notion that the room is forming the world; that the viewer creates the story. What Roman does is to take this movie and turn it inside. In the back window, the idea was that the screen viewer (Jimmy Stewart) was an anchor and everything else was fiction, woven as we watched. Here, the resident of the apartment is the director. We know that. We know that everything we see is true because it's the narrator. We know that it is true that organisms change their identity, that those moments change, that causality is plastic. We know the narrator will kill us. We know that the narrator will leave us in perpetual horror, on the edge that he imputes, but he never shows us and allows us to imagine. <br /> <br /> Ted's assessment - 4 of 3: Everyone who is cinematic should experience this.
