After his classic Chanatown film, Roman Polanski, returned to the themes that gave him the greatest hits in the 1960s, with this terrifying psychic horror, which, like Repulsion and Baby Rosemary, deals with paranoia and claustrophobia the life of an apartment. > <br /> The claustrophobic environments are the ones Polanski can best create, and this must be the toughest and clearest picture he has ever created. The emphasis on the side walls and the distant vanishing points is greater than ever, and even in the small number of exterior scenes, the sky is rarely brilliant. But the tenant is not only spatially limited, but also in the intensity with which he focuses on his protagonist. Trelkovsky, played by Polanski himself is not just in every scene, he is practically every shot. When not on the screen, the camera often gets Trelkovsky's point of view. And, of course, almost everywhere he shows that he sees his own reflection looking back into him in a mirror. I can not think of any film that relates more to the internalization and solitude of a single character. Some psychological thrillers, like M or Peeping Tom, manipulate us to feel sorry for the mentally ill protagonist. Others, like Psycho, are trying a thorough scientific analysis of their mental state. Does not the lessee fall into any of these categories? we simply sink completely into Trelkovsky's experience without asking to understand or appreciate what's going on inside him. We feel his paranoia and obsession, even if it is constantly revealed to us that they are irrational. Polanski was also a master of horror film that unfolds slowly. Often, in its horrors, there is an ambiguity about whether something sinister happens, but these are among the most effective at frightening audiences. Why? Just because they are running so slow and investing so long in strictly arranging situations where they sink the spectator into paranoia. An hour of Polanski much later, Poarta Noua is a bit of a mess, but at least he manages to get that sense of fear of fear. This is a rare chance to see Polanski himself as a major player. His talent in front of the room was as good as behind it, and he is absolutely perfect as Trelkovsky die. Another outstanding performance is that of Shelley Winters, who, most of the time, was neglected as a concierge. In fact, it is rather a star cast, although many of the familiar faces do not look into this strange, gothic European film. Also, unfortunately, many of the French actors supporting the roles are called outrageous in the English version. The tenant is more polished and less demanding than repulsion but has no suspense and character that makes Rosemary's Baby so delightful and fun. The tenant is good without major flaws, and Polanski is in top form as a director, but he is not one of his most important works.
