Anthony Mann's entrepreneurs with Jimmy Stewart earn a slow position for that director with John Ford and Howard Hawks as the best film director in that genre. He certainly knows how to give size to the beautiful Stewart - in Mann's films there is a margin for Jimmy, which is easily demonstrated to the public. WINCHESTER '73 was Stewart's relationship with his brother and how he turned it into a revenge figure. Here is a "I trust only myself" attitude, which leads to one complication after another. Just before the movie starts properly, he (like Jeff Webster) kills two of his cowboy employees who helped a hunt in Seattle because of a dispute (we are never clear about it - whether they wanted to leave the cattle, tried to steal the cattle). <br /> <br /> He meets his match in Skagway, the port he needs to get to take his flock to Dawson. Skagway's head is a man named Gannon (John McIntyre) who remembers one of Skagway's real boss in "Gold Rush" Jefferson "Soapy" Smith and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that neither Smith nor Bean would have been as harsh as Gannon to turn every opportunity into a chance to make some money. Stewart's ancestor interrupted a public hang-up - so (as a fine of punishment) the flock is seized (to be later sold for Gannon's profit). Stewart is a partner with Ben (Walter Brennan - who has strangely won his last Oscar role-playing role, Roy Bean). They also join Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) and also meet two women, Sophisticated Rhonda Castle (Ruth Roman) and Renee Vallon (Corinne Calvert), friendly and helpful. Rhonda works closely with Gannon, but he helped Jeff to flee the Seattle authorities earlier. However, it has a similar attitude to "I Just Trust Me" over Jeff. He offers him a job to make his supply for Dawson. He, Ben and Rube go, but at night (while others sleep) they come back and restore their cattle. Renee follows and warns them that Gannon and his associates are following. Jeff keeps Gannon long enough to bring the herd of cattle across the Canadian border, although Gannon points out that since Jeff has to come back through Skagway, Gannon can wait until he clings to him. The reunified party of Rhonda and Jeff split up on Dawson, Jeff opting for a longer and safer route. Once it turns out right, I go on its route and reach Dawson only to find that there is a lawless element that threatens the community because of the gold fields. The herd is sold to Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Rube and Renee are beginning to thrive. Soon there are two groups in Dawson City. One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson wants to build a decent city. But Mounties will not install a Dawson station on Monday. The other, centered around Rhonda's "dancehall," is in a cohort with Gannon, who has an extensive jump scheme using a gang of pistols (Robert J. Wilke - truly scary in a single order with Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen, Jack Elam and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to get rid of both sides and head off with his new fortune and Ben for a farm they want in Utah. But will they get there? And will Jeff remain neutral? Performances are dandy here, including Stewart as a man who is willing to confront all coming, but would otherwise be quite quiet. Brennan plays one of the old old coders whose love for good coffee has unexpectedly bad results. Flippen is a boy at first, but his tragedy and responsibility shake him in a better frame of mind - and one who has the chance of verbally killing Stewart in his heart using Stewart's words against him. McIntyre will perform a television role in WAGON TRAIN, replacing Ward Bond, but his work in Mann's films shows his skills as a negative character (such as his commercial opportunist who defeats WINCHESTER '73). He is, as is said elsewhere on this thread, very weak - but he has a sense of humor. The novel is an interesting mixture of opportunistic and human man, whose fate is determined by his better feelings. And Calvert is both a voice of consciousness and a border "Gigi" aware that she is more than a young girl, but a developing woman. The best of all this is the Rockies Canadian background - as wonderful in its way as the use of Monument Valley by John Ford. Mann has certainly made a top-notch job directing this film, and the spectator will appreciate the results.
