Roman Polanski is considered one of the most important directors of our time, like the minds behind classics like "Baby Rosemary" and "Chinatown". Probably what makes Polanski's cinema a very interesting one is that, while being able to create commercially attractive films such as the masterpieces mentioned above, he is also fond of making films smaller sizes that have a more personal character. "Le Locataire" or "Lessee" is one of those movies; a horror / suspense story about paranoia and obsession that is among the best works and probably among the best horror films ever made. Polanski plays Telkovsky, a young man looking for an apartment in France. When he finally finds out that he's empty, because the previous tenant, Simone Choule, tried to commit suicide by jumping out of the window. After Simone dies from injuries, Trelkovsky begins to become obsessed with her, to the point of believing that her death was caused by the rest of the tenants in the building. <br /> <br /> While sharing the same sentiment of claustrophobia with his other "thematic-apartment" movies ("repulsion &" Rosemary's Child "), this film focuses on the bizarre conspiracy that may or may not be totally in Trelkovsky's head, the catastrophic effects paranoia has on his mind, and the bizarre obsession he has with the previous tenant. Trelkovsky's descend into the dark is portrayed perfectly by Polanski. it seems strange and wooden, slowly, it turns out that Polanski acts in this way, because Trelkovsky is meant to be acted in this way, as a bare-bastard with almost no life, retaining himself in this mad sub-world , which happens to be inhabited by a collection of bizarre people supporting people has really given life for the people in the building to create memorable characters th to are very important to the success of the film i. <br /> <br /> Also, the beautiful cinematography Polanski has in the film, it helps to increase the feeling of isolation, and gives a beautiful building life, which serves as a cage for Trelkovsky. obsessive images Polanski Uses to convey the feeling of confusion and madness are of a supernatural beauty that makes them both scary and attractive. <br /> <br /> If a defect is to be found in the movie, it is that it is definitely a little slow at first. this may seem a stop but, in fact, the slow pace of the beginning works perfectly, because it mimics Trelkovsky's boring life and gradually enters another field. Also, the complicated story is certainly not an easy understanding because of the many complex layers it has. However, more than a defect, it is a joy to face a provocative plot like this one. While the "tenant" can not be for everyone, those interested in psychological horror and surreal story lines will be pleased with the accumulated experience. "Le Locataire" is indeed one of Roman Polanksi's masterpieces. 10/10
