This is largely a story about the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman). Instantly enjoy Jeff in a brief meeting on the ship's deck to Skagway and a longer look when he's hiding in the cabin while the authorities are looking for a murderer. They learn they have something in common, besides an animal attraction. She does not trust a member of the opposite sex, apparently because both were married to the spouses who cheated them. Gradually, they learn to trust each other, traveling from Skagway to Dawson. But Ronda has a clear relationship with the corrupt sheriff Gannon and engages in some shady practices in the Skagway Castle salon. Eventually he has to decide between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, Rene, a naïve young French woman, likes Jeff as well, but instead becomes an insulting one. However, she sticks to him on his trips from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. Together with Ronda, he takes care of him again after Jeff is dead by Gannon's gunmen at his golden request. Walter Brennan, as Ben, serves as a journalist for Jeff. He does not have a food role, but serves to soften Jeff's heavy edges. His symbolically death opens the door for a female replacement for Jeff. John McIntire (like Sheriff Gannon) probably makes the most charismatic boss bad town you will ever see the movie, oozing the charm and humor to go along with his aggression. Obviously, he sees something from him in Jeff, saying repeatedly that he will. He makes a credible incarnation of infamous Soapy Smith, who spent his last years in Skagway as one of the premier cones of his time. Jeff is the quintessential antihiro, one (except Ben partner) who does not want to keep his neck for others, even when he knows he is the right man for this job. In this sense, he very much resembles the character of Burt Lancaster of "Vera Cruz", for example. Thus, Jeff not only disappointed Dawson, he is convinced to leave Dawson after Gannon's gang moves with clear intent to take over all the poor gold claims of all, eliminating some miners, and suggesting that the rest hurried out from Dawson. Even Ronda suggests that she and Jeff make a hurried exodus from Dawson while they are still alive. Then Jeff has a sudden heart change, apparently still nursing his revenge for shooting Ben and himself. It changes from the anti-hero to the hero, leading the expulsion of Gannon's group from Dawson. In this sense, it differs from the character of Lancaster, which is never reformed (But Jeff is really changed or just giving revenge for mistakes made against his interests?) The main problem I see with the plot is the main woman. Clearly, Ronda is taken care of as the right woman to tame Jeff. Although she is clearly characterized as a "bad" girl, Jeff has a recent past that shot at least 5 men in the United States or Yukon and stole her cattle from Gannon. Ironically, shortly after Jeff changes from anti-hero to hero, Rhonda makes a similar change in running on the street to warn Jeff de Gannon of the imminent intrusion. She dies as a result, and Jeff asks her why she does not just look for herself (her supposedly just creed!). It is clear that Corne Calvert, like Renee, just does not make a credible substitute for dead Ronda in Jeff's mind. However, the apparent involvement of the partition is that they meet, even if Jeff never reveals a kiss or a hug. Her image as a good, even naive young woman is compromised by her ministry in Rhonda's wondrous salon that puts her gold dust, pushing the dust spilled onto the floor and recovering it later. I am also very unclear about her relationship with Rube Morris, a middle-aged mining who followed her around her and made a complaint with her (she is not her father). Another problem is the amateur manipulation of fighting guns between Jeff and Gannon's gang. If Gannon had some sort of skill with a gun, he would have to kill or seriously injure Jeff under that parchment before Jeff did the same thing. And how suddenly Jeff's right hand suddenly exploded, becoming suddenly good enough to shoot a seemingly easy gun? I also wonder what Jeff and friends have done to save avalanche victims. They were too far to take them alive from the snow. And why were not Ronda's horses and molds buried by the avalanche? You will see a series of faces, perhaps unnamed but familiar, between the miners and Gannon's band. The sequences shot in Canadian Rockies offer a stunning backdrop for action. All-in-all, a very entertaining Western, with most major defects concentrated at the end. Undoubtedly, this film has some great liberties with history and geography, especially the part that takes place in the Canadian Yukon, which in fact has been more fallen than Skagway.
