EXTREMITY is the disturbing, but rattling version of a play by William Mastriosimone (who adapted her own screen piece) about a woman who is attacked one night by a rapist on her way home and is frightened when he realizes that the man has taken his purse and knows where he lives. After her roommates go to work the next day, the guy appears at her home and tries to rape her. The story has a surprising twist when, at some point, the woman turns the tables over to the man and is able to defeat him; but when he realizes there is no way he can prove to be a rape, and if the man is arrested, he will go down, decides to keep him in the house until he can get a confession from him. Taken away? May be. Disturbing? Sure, but there is a wonderful claustrophobic feel about this movie, especially about the middle with only the woman and her attacker, that you can not feel completely part of what is happening. I did not see the song on Broadway, but I would imagine that a piece like this works better on the stage, but that does not make this film ever empower the experience. Farrah Fawcett, one of the last actresses to play on Broadway, has been given the role of Marjorie in the cinematic version and offers a very tangential and moving performance as a victim who refuses to be the victim. Many critics have discovered that Fawcett's performance is a note, but to me, Marjorie is a woman completely numbed by what has passed and performance works for me. James Russo, in making his career, is thin and threatening as the rape violator who sees Marjorie as a much greater challenge than he assumed. Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid collaborate as Marjorie's roommates, who come after Marjorie defeated the boy and typed him and filled him in the fireplace upon their arrival. And it's the arrival of roommates who take the story to an unexpected level because they have not seen what I saw Marjorie and therefore, I think they should call the police and let them deal with this guy. Not for the weak of the heart, but if you can support it, a captivating movie experience anchored by a lead performance that will surprise you.
