(SPOILS IN THE FIRST PARAGRAPH) The anti-German feeling of this film seems painfully dated now, but it is a brilliant example of great war propaganda. It was done again when Cecil B. DeMille was still a great director. (Ignore all the latest Best Picture Academy Awards, he never made a good sound movie.) This movie does not have the comedy of most of Pickford's other movies and really was DeMille's film, not his Pickford. Germans' vulgarization can be compared to how the "Patriot" of 2000 did the same thing to the British. The only good German in the movie was a reluctant bastard who had the ironic name of Austreheim. They even made Pickford travel in a luxury boat on a luxury ship that is torpedoed by a German submarine. So, what will make the Americans more agitated up to the war? Sinking Lusitania or watching America's favorite Canadian import sink into it? Throughout the movie, DeMille leads his protagonist from sort of horrible misfortune to another, barely escaping from death, hypothermia, depravity, rape, execution, and explosions that are in the right place to keep it unharmed. The way it is saved from a firing team is no longer credible except how the people of the "Jurassic Park" were eventually saved by velociraptors. If I were more vague about such a propaganda, I would punish myself because I had a German parent. <br /> <br /> Was it a good movie? Apart from the fact that an American who is abroad thinks he is untouchable? which was apparently a joke even then? you may not be entertained. You will find more than a little melodramatic and obviously unilateral, but the first thing that came to mind after I looked at it is that it was a few years before Potemkin's false portrait about a massacre to revolutionize the language cinematography, and the potential of the propaganda film. I was wondering what happened to Cecil B. DeMille? Somewhere between the appearance of sound and "The Biggest Show on Earth" seemed to lose its ambition. Ben Hur looked expensive, but not ambitious. In a sentence, this film is for 1) movie historians, 2) Silent Film, 3) Mary Pickford fans, or 4) DeMille fans, if there is such a person.
