This spring story about the gold story brings great enthusiasm, romance and James Stewart to the screen. "Far Country" is the only one of the five Stewart-Mann vestiges that is often overlooked. Stewart, once again, takes a new look at the personalities ever present in the five Stewart-Mann vestiges. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is rude, always looking for himself, so he is so surprised when people are nice and kind to him. Ironically, he wears a driver on the saddle, he will not travel without. This shows that he could take care of one person - his girlfriend, Ben Tatum, played by Walter Brennan, since Tatum is the one who gave it to him. Mann, again, takes a new look at the personalities ever present in the five Stewart-Mann vestiges. It displays violence, excitement, plotting, romance, and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, end up in the rapidly enriched city of Dawson, alongside Calvet and Flippen's golden partners, and the best, but beautiful, novel and his hired employees. They are not able to leave, because the sheriff, Gannon (McIntire) and his "deputies" will hang them because the only way out is through Skagway, Gannon's town. But eventually, McIntire comes to them, but not to collect Stewart and / or the fine supposedly owed to the government. Why is McIntire out there? He is there to deceive miners from their claims and money. People are killed. A sheriff for Dawson is considered necessary, and Calvet chooses Stewart because he is good with a gun. Stewart, however, refuses the job because he intends to get all the gold he can and then pulls out. He also refuses, because he does not like to help people because law and order always kill somebody. So, Flippen is chosen instead. A miner is killed because he's trying to get up with one of Gannon's men, a simply evil evil bearer, called Madden, who carries two weapons played by Wilke. Flippen tries to arrest Madden and see that justice is done, but he can not stand up to him, so he gets drunk. A man named Yukon replaces Flippen. Stewart and Tatum are starting to retreat, but they are ambushed by Gannon's men. Tatum is killed, and Stewart is injured. Eventually, Stewart realizes he has to do something, or Gannon will take over Dawson, set his own rules and become his own city, just like Skagway. The public also realizes what Stewart has to do. Another thing that the public does is that Stewart is the only thing that lies between the city's inhabitants and Gannon. If Stewart leaves, Gannon will take over the city. If Stewart stays and continues to do nothing, the city's inhabitants will be killed one by one, ruthless and useless. Here comes an extraordinary scene. Stewart entered the cabin. He's got a sling on his arm. For a few seconds, his weapon in the seatbelt clings to a post near the bed, the gun is close, Stewart is in the background, right inside. She looks at her for a few seconds. He throws dust away. The sling is on the back of the seat and falls on the floor. This is symbolic, because he throws out his old life, which is to take care of no one but himself. He enters his new life, helping people when they need help. What the film finalizes is a burning show of guns, blazing, angry, kindly against evil, and a really good sense that everything will be fine.
