I really enjoy this show. I can easily see how he obtained the status of worship. It's original and provocative. For some reasons, however, I have never felt the kind of resonance that I could get. She does not pack the open door type, the winter cooling she had to have from such a wonderful premise. Every time I watch an episode, I find myself scary and pushing her to answer an unnamed, formless question. Before continuing, let me pretend this by saying that what follows is my opinion and opinion only. Different strokes for different people. I would have liked to have seen several scenes in the "American Gothic" that were shot at night. There is too much daylight in this show and I think it had a tendency to counteract suspense. We are not afraid of the daylight, after all. We are preoccupied with why they are in the shadows. The Devil is not always in detail. What we do not see is often the most scary. <br /> <br /> Second - and this is probably the one that will probably lead to tar and feathers: Gary Cole is an extraordinarily talented actor ... character of the actor. I followed my career on The Brady Bunch, which is why I'm afraid to say that it was probably a mess like Lucas Buck. It is almost too petrochemical, too pleasant to be the embodiment of evil, even according to biblical standards. Lucas Buck is a narcotic. It's Heroin. He is free in a kitchen lab, near a gallon of Drain-O. You keep coming back, even if you know the end will be madness and death. It should be like the final shark of the loan. He is a book producer, and an unbearable condemnation. Sure. You have the money and, earlier, you will also have broken fingers; a cut-off hand, a beheaded head, and finally a cursed soul. Returning to Buck is an act of despair and, whenever it is around, there should be an immediate final, surrounded by ambience - with a complicated daily interest - in the air. Everything is more, all the strings attached, and until you realize that, you will know it's too late. Which leads me to three: Buck showed a little too often. It's in most scenes, in fact, what can make it lose its edge. The sheriff would be like the next mythology. It is apocryphal knowledge. Many would know of him, but only an unhappy few would really know him. It would be flashbacks and cryptic discussions, and the perfect person to deliver this plot exhibition would have been the deputy character Nick Searcy played. Four, the show could be very self-reverential - in a guilt one might say - and this is represented by the "Meet Me At the Hole" whistle in the series pilot. I think we've already figured out what Cassidy and Raimi did to be anti-Andy Taylor. I probably do not need the concept delivered through the Fed Ex. I gathered that in the first five minutes, so for me the piano on my head was not necessary. These remarks are about what, FOR ME, would have done a great show. I also understood that the producers had their own unique style and that there were many hands in the soup. In an eternal quest for LCD programming, the network played a decisive role in the demise of this series. At least these jerk-off suits could have made the air of episodes in order. <Br /> <br /> Make it. <br /> <br /> However, it is a serious loss to both sex fans and occasional viewers.
