Surely spoilers in this review! I adored the ** American Gothic and I have done it since I first saw it late at night, when it was first released on Ch4 in the UK when I was 14 years old. Comparisons made with Stephen King are good. It's a small supernatural city, but with fantastic layered characters. The best thing and the reason I love him so much is that he did not have the courage to never be white and black! Lucas Buck, though he has no consciousness, often works, as he says, giving people a sufficient rope to be able to close. Manipulation works only because of the poor morale of other people. Caleb, though, in general, a caring, good and wise boy can sometimes show the latent dark side inherited from his father. None of the characters are entirely good or bad, even if Merlin, angelic, showing a part driven by reckless revenge in The Segue Plague. Not only that, with Gail, the closest thing to a mother figure for Caleb, you not only sleep, but that I fall in love with Lucas, despite all she knows, made me realize that this show would just go there and do not apologize. I'm Buffy's big fan, but when the show tried to go really "dark" in the seasons later, he failed miserably because he lost his humorous part and did not fully engage in his ideas . AG shows that you can have a moral character in bankruptcy right at the heart of the show and still have a laugh to do. I can not think why it was canceled, I'll be too angry at the ridiculousness of everyone. So much waste on television and good, original shows are hit and stamped. Thanks to the appearance of the DVD, at least I can see the show in its entirety! Yes, some of the viewing images are given now, but the strange atmosphere is pretty good for story lines. Actresses also offer performance so perfect that more than it does for a strange camera activity. The only reason I think someone can not like this show is that it's not like X-files where there are cases of "solving" or losing if there are enormous unsolved questions. It is quite obvious from the fact that Lucas Buck has some evil powers and that the show is related to the struggle for Caleb's soul. So this show could frustrate people who are looking for an "unknown" truth or purpose to find. Yes, there are some mysterious questions unanswered, some really about the Gails parents, but unlike the Lost and X files this show is not about trying to find out more "facts" about what is happening in the IMO. These are characters and how they have to face moral choices in the twisted world of the Trinity. Personally I would just take such a blow to see Lucas turn every situation to its advantage. All in all the main thing I have to say is CHECK IT OUT. I'm pretty sure most fans / horror fans will love her. However, even if it was canceled, all the characters have arcs and in the end there are enough to give a little sense of closure. The only hanging thread was Dr. Matt. If it's not in the final episodes it's weird. <br /> <br /> I would have done something for a second season, but there are at least 22 episodes and probably, given the way some TV creators seem to be I should be glad that this show wonderful was done at all! !
