This time, Blackadder is no longer royal (or even very close to being such a thing) ... instead, a butler of the king's prince, portrayed by Hugh Laurie (who replaces Tim McInnerny, that hole is not never filled up ... his character had an innocent charm ... while he was a wandering and complete madman, we can only help him but care for him, which is not at all true with his replacement) as being intolerable Daft (which probably was, according to the Trivia page), not to mention the loud voice and no threat. Edmund can now just do what he likes and does so. Why is he so frustrated and angry (honest, sometimes depressing)? Yes, his master is a buffoon, I am always. It does not seem to lack money, nor is it in danger. In the second series, the Queen was mean and childish and would have cut off someone's head - or marrying them - in a whim. Here is never enough in the game for any conflict to be interesting and interesting. There are still comments and even a little satire. Too often, they seem to have thought that history was funny on their own, so they just repeat it, without getting tired of turning the facts into jokes or jokes. And I can not tell you how many of them I realized before they were finished, literally more than a minute away. It's usually not positive when you know punchline before it's delivered. Baldrick has not changed since last season ... he's still pretty pathetic and stupid, leading to "silly" humor. Frankly, the sum goes through the roof. Do not make me start with this thing. The sarcastic, verbal task can still be good, albeit much less than before. I would say that about half of the episodes were fun and even funny, while the other three did not bring me at all. I was disappointed by how predictable it was some of his scenes and developments ... I've seen many of them coming a mile away. Some of the material is trying too much to be fun and winds meet as incredibly forcible. It continues with the tradition started by "II" to let plans work from time to time. The theme is the worst in the group, the credit slots being the least creative. In general, this is by far the least favorite among the four. I recommend fans of franchise and British comedy in general. 7/10
