Just saying you have a movie about John Holmes is a guarantee to make someone in front of the screen, but writer / director James Cox offers much more. A movie "Rashamon" from Hollywood, the film dividing the 1981 Wonderland murder, through a variety of angles (and movie films), but especially through John Holmes's nearsighted brain filter. In a movie full of bad guys, Holmes is either the strangest, the most pathetic or the other. Several versions of the story appear and merge, while Cox illuminates jump intersections and rotation of title cards amidst the effects and emptiness. Dialogue is quick and natural and never sounds fake. While the film takes place two years after Holmes fell out of pornography and a really bad drug of depravity, Kilmer emanates an unusually intense sexuality that can be measured in centimeters. This sexuality at its edges creates a feeling of pretense that hangs over the whole movie almost as strong as the violence in its center. These crimes are teased throughout the film, although they are never clearly shown, not even at the climax, although their violence continuously infuses the whole picture and many blood is sprinkled over the walls and photos of the scene of the crime. Once again, Val Kilmer, as Holmes shows, can act better than anyone else who works. Strutting, cringing, praising or begging, Kilmer is constant in character and the character is constantly a fascinating wreck of the machine. The performances near Kilmer certainly include Ted Levine as chief investigator in the investigation and Lisa Kudrow as Holmes wife. The trio of criminals Holmes falls with the inclusion of scary big-energy Josh Lucas, the ever-interesting Timothy Blake Nelson and an absolutely unrecognized Dylan McDermott in an essential role as another teller's version of the teller. Cox suggests that no matter how much we learn about Wonderland, there is always a worse version, but the search for despair surrounding it is far more fascinating than understanding the truth.
