Unfortunately, in such cases, there are so many conflicting stories, as anyone trying to blame others is almost impossible to get a clear picture of what really happened. This film is a victim of such circumstances. The writers (too many of them) have decided to take all the stories and give them to the audience to allow them to decide which version of the truth they like best. As in real life, there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and the public is left with a general cut to be unfulfilled (such as caffeine-free coffee or climax-free sex). Whodunnits without whodunnit are generally frustrating and makes you wonder why someone did not research before putting them there. At least your film is a fiction, if that's what it means (and that's not). That does not mean there are not great shows here. Kilmer (Holmes) has an important role to bring some humanity to what otherwise is a miserable character. Kilmer, life-lovers and friends who consulted the film allowed the public to see a selfish and disturbing human being who, although his mistakes were many and great, was loved and cared for by many people (except himself). Kudrow, as Holmes's wife, offers only a glamor of dramatic actress that can be, but it is an unforgettable and unforgettable feeling. Bosworth's character was not as emotionally complex as it could have been and should have shown more inner confusion to believe what happened between Dawn and Holmes (6 months after they fled to Florida). Bosworth's display of pride is annoying at some point, sometimes touching, but it does not show any of the backbone that the real Schiller must have. The other characters fade into wood that is sin. Lucas is a great interpreter who could have sank his teeth into this role if he had been strengthened for him. Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly capable in his role as a biker dealing with drugs. <br /> <br /> The guilt of this film is not just about writing, but writing. Too many chefs spoil the soup, and this kettle, full of promises, leaves you hungry. Story and characters could have been less than sympathetic, but in what movies are they not? Other movies, such as the 1989 Cowboy Drug, with Matt Dillon (who was asked to take this role and refused), worked on similar topics and mastered it to such an extent that you felt it kinship with the main character until the end of the movie what he had done. Van Sandt could offer James Cox and his crew a few lessons. If someone were to bother trying to find the truth, it would have been an interesting story. As such, you'll find the tasty WADD document (on the DVD with 2 discs) and much more informative. You will realize from the DVD that Holmes was not a bad guy, but not a very good guy either .. are most people.
