John Holmes is so famous, he is infamous (as the three amigos would say). This is a story similar to Rashomon about the events surrounding the wonders of the early 1980s in Los Angeles. The story is made up of the resumption of some of the participants. There is a story from a friend's perspective, namely David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He is a participant in the assassination of the robbery at Eddie Nash's place (Eddie Nash is an infamous drug dealer - and is supposed to be the same character that Alfred Molina played in Boogie Nights) and is strong in the drug scene. There is the perspective of John Holmes (Val Kilmer's role), which makes him a pawn blocked between two kings (with a severe cocaine craving). There are also the memoirs of John's wife (Sharon - interpreted by Lisa Kudrow) and his girlfriend (Dawn - interpreted by Kate Bosworth) that complements the spaces between the two stories. It's essentially the same time we look at, the version of each character. The only thing missing is the perspective of the dead. <br /> <br /> Boogie Nights by Paul Thomas Anderson plays John Holmes as a slightly heroic character with a tragic but comical karma. It's a caricature of a real person. He was less, a mixed child who received what he got through his "big" endowment. Director James Cox turns the comedy and makes this episode into John's life in a nightmare for all of us watching. The details of real-life crimes make this film even more stunning. Val Kilmer took what he learned about Jim Morrison from Doors, he improved performance for Salton Sea and then improved to bring us John Holmes's damage through cocaine. All actors give a very realistic portrayal of cocaine junkies. Josh Lucas's performance is one of the best in the movie. He plays Ron Launius (I think this character is supposed to be the same as Thomas Jane's character at Boogie Nights). Ron was the leader of the band, he liked to have John Holmes as a novelty, and he had a cocaine craving for the sharks to enjoy the blood. Cocaine use seems to be so realistic to think. Did they really use Splenda? <br /> <br /> If Boogie Nights has a pop bubblegum feel at it (a lot of color and 70 nostalgia), Wonderland is dark. The action is fast and angry, with lots of jumps. It is motionless and granular. There is no comedy, just an endless rhythm, as if the director is trying to put us in nervous cocaine, fast, powerful, to make us feel what the characters feel. This is a graphic movie. It has one of the most violent scenes I've ever seen in a movie. It actually shows the crimes themselves (through John Holmes' eyes at first and then from a third person perspective). It's so graphic, it seems like evidence of a police crime. I had to pause after this scene and remind myself that it was just a movie. This movie is not recommended for everyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights, for those interested in John Holmes's other sides. <br /> <br /> Celluloid Rehabilitation
