Lately I've come to the habit of buying any interesting DVD released by Criterion. I think that, even if I do not like the movie, Criterion usually supplies enough extra material to compensate for any shortcomings in the real movie. I read them and bought them which are the most interesting for me. Le Million is my last purchase and I have to say that I was not disappointed with the film. It is cheerful, fun and romantic. Everything about this is very good. The songs are wonderful. If I had understood the French, I would probably have sting them and played them all day. The actor is very good for this type of movie. American musicals from the Hollywood classical era relied more on songs and dances than on characters and stories, but in Le Million the characters are quite well developed, and the story, while not very impressive, is not at all missing . I liked the evolution of relationships, especially the relationship between my best friends Michel and Prosper. Romantic moments are also very well developed. The direction is almost perfect, with a few memorable moments. Perhaps the most perfect scene of the movie takes place immediately after the lead couple has an argument. They are hiding on the scene of an opera show, and the opera singers sing lines that the couple, Michel and Beatrice, interpret in their own way. This is definitely one of the highlights of cinema history. The scene managed to make me laugh, win with a very sweet love story and make me wonder how smart the director was. I give this movie 9/10. - Some information for anyone who has the same faith in the Criterion they are doing and intends to buy. Among the Criterion discs they now have, Le Million contains the fewest features. All he has is a photo gallery (not all that is useful, you may pass it once) and a rare TV interview with director Rene Clair. This piece is of interest. He was one of the many directors who started in the silent film, and when meetings arose, he said they represented the death of the film. I think most people who understand the movies understand what these directors meant when they said that, but it's interesting to hear it explaining it. Also, if you've read the description of this movie on Amazon.com, please note that they are wrong in an important aspect: not every movie in the movie is sung. Actually, it does not contain more songs than a regular musical. It's actually much more like a Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers movie. My criticism of the disc is not so important. Heck, Criterion has the right to shoot me to make these complaints. In fact, their people have probably spent hundreds of hours to define a movie that only 20 (now 21!) Voted for imdb, and only about a hundred people, if ever, will ever see the movie. Heck, if you look at the Criterion website, Le Million is not found somewhere. I have no idea why not. It's something that you should really be proud of (of course, their website is surprisingly horrible). They did a good job on this movie. Bravo! They deserve all the money I can give them!
