Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), an exchange student in Japan who began to do social work, is sent to help an elderly semi-catatonic woman, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), after her previous carer Yoko (Yoko Maki) disappears. Karen soon learns something is wrong in Emma's house, and she's trying to "see how deep the rabbit hole goes." Maybe there is a delayed influence from the success of M. Night Shyamalan's films, but the moderate, undervalued rhythms are a recent trend. In some cases, such as Hide and Seek (2005), the approach works remarkably well, and in others, such as White Noise (2005), stimulation tends to kill the film. I did not like The Grudge as much as Hide and Seek, but this is still a very good movie - it's 9 out of 10 winning from me. Grudge has some significant differences from other recent examples of this trend. It is well known that this is a remake based on the Japanese film series that began with Ju-On (2000) (especially, it is very close to the first half of Ju-On: The Grudge, alias Ju-On 3, from 2003). Two, as with many Japanese horror films, the slower pace here is not so much in the realm of realism as surrealism. As is also the case with a high percentage of European horror, The Grudge should be looked more like a filmed nightmare. Takashi Shimizu director, also director of five Japanese entries in Ju-On series so far (the fifth one is in production) and writer Stephen Susco have largely renounced the linearity and they are not overly concerned with logic or holes when it comes to the horror behind the story. Instead, the idea is to present a scene of dream scenes with a dreamlike logic that emphasizes the atmosphere, humility, unexpectedly, and many spectators - the scarecrows. How well the movie works will depend largely on how well you can adapt or get used to this different approach to the film (although some of the apparent gaps are, of course, complemented by previous Ju-Ve series inputs). Traditionally, American audiences believe defects leave hanging plants and abandon the "rules" for "monster." A more poetic, metaphorical, surrealist approach to the film is not yet accepted by the mainstream in the US. However, even if you are not used to it, it is worth trying to suspend your usual film preconceptions and give The Grudge a blow. This is a well-directed, well-written well-played film filled with unusual properties, such as the story of a great number of "main characters" (which is better here than the more episodic Ju-On 3), cinematography good, subtle design design features (see on Gellar's clothes that match the color and texture of the exterior of Emma's house when Gellar approaches first), and horribly effective horror materials. <br /> <br /> Even if your slower pace is your average horror movie, the pace of stimulation usually increases eeriness, and there is no bizarre event to keep distracted horror fans. The supernatural premise of the film is absorbed and, based on interviews on the DVD with Shimizu, pushed me to pay more attention to Japanese beliefs and folklore. Though the most interesting sub-genes would probably appear with a more intimate knowledge of Japanese culture, it is interesting to think why so many Japanese horror films are endowed with scary children and adults who look like scary children. <br /> <br /> We dropped a point because the movie leaned lightly across the mystery / thriller with a flashback, but it was pretty well done, 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Now that I said all of the above, let me finish with a mini-rant: It's not that I'm anti-remake, but it's ridiculous that distributors and US studios consider that we need remakes of foreign movies to make them suitable for consumption. The original versions of these films should only be played in theaters in the US. in broad version. There is no need to present an almost identical film, just to replace American white actors with non-white or foreign actors. Yes, The Grudge is a wonderful movie, but I would rather see something original using this talent and treat the latest horror films - not just Japanese but also Indian, Spanish, Chinese, etc. to my multiplex. In the hope that someone with some studios reads this, it's even more cost-effective to do this because (1) you can completely avoid production costs and simply make domestic distribution agreements from which you get profit, and 2) makes money from fans like me who otherwise raise foreign DVDs in variants made abroad or even bootleg.
