It is said that David Lynch's films and pants will not appeal to everyone. Neither Dumbland can, more than ever. I have the feeling that Dumbland, as people meet it, will be a real sign of "I understand" or "what the hell". It's not exactly surreal, but absurd at the point of not coming back. It's also very, very, very stupid. But in this stupidity it can be a kind of ironic intelligence for her, that the producer knows so well how childish and repulsive that is, and this self-consciousness is a plus, not a diversion. <br /> <br /> It's just a bunch of shorts that could not make Hertzfeldt and the judge's animation show (which, of course, Lynch has a lot to do with both directors in lummox centered work with an IQ of 20, having a constant trembling wife with fear and a child that looks like a cross between sweet ginger and / or a stranger. Episodes include small situations like a failing treadmill , a salesman who can recite Gettysburg's address, watch a sick brother in the law, an ant hallucinations, and just pour on the couch with noise all around. All the time, Lynch continues to experiment because it was constant for good or worse during the five years he has done on and outside the Inner Empire. In one thing, he turns to the roots of his first short six figures of becoming sick six times in use of repetition as one It sometimes works very well and sometimes not. Sometimes, as with the episode sitting around the house that does nothing, as the teeth bleed and a tussle fly around, absurdity is being waved and draining without a good effect. And even an episode as well as the friend of the guy who comes, it's funniest - for Beavis & Butt-head comparison (both laugh like idiots and are equally afflicted with killing things like fish and sheep). What ends up by working is how Lynch presents the delirious abstracts from the front in the crudest imaginary ways and excessive violence. <br /> <br /> As far as surrealism approaches the "ants", man erroneously breaks the bugs (simply called "Kill," one of the cheapest, but fun, from Lynch, to social conventions) ants in a choral musical line, including solos. And one of the funniest fun things I've ever seen from the director of the movie is "take out the stick", where we see the guy that his son cheers, getting a stick in his mouth. Soon, the neck breaks, the eyes burst, and once the cane is removed, it does not look as the traffic flows like a mouthpiece. Other moments appear in unexpected crevasses and are drawn as if they were on cheap paper, with a dazzling shock of dirty language (especially from the man as well as from the "grandmother") who in one of Lynch's voices the characters are the deepest of all) and a poor quality that recalls the culture of Hertzfeldt's (the beginning) culture. Still, I'm still not sure if Dumbland is something I would put in someone's hands if they did not see too much of Lynch and leave nothing else to him. There are few points on society made through complete exaggerations that may or may not be in Lynch's mind closer than we usually think to those in real life. However, in general, there is not a lot that should be read in it, that is why I would say more than half, who see that she will hate her with a passion. Those who dig up the bottom-bottom animated comedy, be prepared have an explosion.
