Dumland focuses on the life of a family (American) ... Father; a violent and obscene person who loves to lose and use profanity and has no redeeming qualities. Mother; who seems to be a psychotic paranoid, never tells too much. son; a small repetitive obsessive man. Animation is simple and unpretentious, but has the soul of stories and characters. Episodes were originally only available from davidlynch.com but were released on DVD. There are 8 episodes on DVD and a brief description: 1 - Neighbors: Meet the neighbor from the next neighborhood and find three things about him ... is a very nice shed, he has only one arm and likes to do naughty things with installments. 2 - Treadmill: We find out that the wife has an affinity for the exercise, but the husband does not really think it's a good idea. Finally, treadmill exercise is victorious. Doctor: The father has an unfortunate accident with a live thread exposed ... the doctor's examination is rather in-depth (if not unconventional), but the diagnosis is "you're perfectly normal" (but I knew that). 4 - A visitor visits: After an altercation with lift new clothes, a friend comes to visit (Believe it or not, he has one, but when we meet we can understand why), no surprises when we say that hobby- are there. 5-Get The Stick: We meet another neighbor, he has a stick stuck in his mouth (although we never find out how he got there). Unfortunately, removing the stick from his neighbor's mouth ends up being harder (and violent) than expected ... but it is ultimately victorious ... Jesus, some people are ungrateful! <br /> <br /> 6 - My teeth are bleeding: this was my favorite episode ... and it was also the most repetitive and annoying (hmm, what does that say about me?). You do not know why the son's teeth began to bleed, but believe me when I say it's minimal to the story plot. What is an oxymoron because the story has no plot. But it had a funny end (which involves a fly)! Uncle Bob: After meeting Uncle Bob and Uncle Bob's wife, we have a distinct feeling that the Dumbland gene pool is very deep. Uncle Bob is sick (I will not elaborate, so we will not risk it for you). Uncle Bob's wife wearing just pants in his family and father ends ... definitely the hardest part of her wrist (and spends the rest of the visit cocoţându into a tree in the backyard). <br /> <After home seeps with ants and a wrong attempt to spray and bubble crush ... ends spray face with spray and begins to hallucinate. Entrepreneurs have made a fabulous song and a dance ... go berserk trying to kill them, wrap in a full plaster ... and lets just say that ants their revenge in the end. <br /> <br /> As bad as these stories, there is something that forced me to look at them. They give another perspective in the mind of one of my favorite directors. David Lynch. Perhaps they were a starting point for him to escape some of his violent thoughts? In fact, I laughed aloud at many points in the episodes. Many aspects are absurdly funny!
