Dominick (Nicky) Luciano wears a "Hulk" T-shirt and works every day to carry out his duties as a garbage man. He uses his physical strength to pick up the garbage of others and drag him to the neighborhood of the city. Read stories of comic book heroes and loves fighters and wrestlers, Going to WrestleMania with his twin brother Eugene on their birthday is an annual tradition. Speak with courtesy to many people with whom they come in contact during the day. He reads comic books he finds in the trash can with a boy who often goes to the trash. Unfortunately, Dominick has a diminished ability to use his mind. He has a handicap. Dominick's insufficiency came as a result of a head injury in which he suffered a cerebral trauma (TBI). This injury left him slower, although he has not changed his basic feature as a strong person who helps protect others. Dominick is actually more capable of living independently than he seems at the beginning of the movie. She lives with Eugene, who studies to become a doctor. Dominick provides the main source of income, while Eugene is out of the study. Eugene must confront the fact that he will continue education in another city and that he must move away from Dominick. Eugene also develops a love story that begins to separate him from his twin brother. The film deals in particular with domestic abuse and how it can affect individuals, families, and society as a whole. The strain that escalates between Eugene and Dominick, as Eugene realizes he must eventually leave Nicky, exploded on his birthday. Eugene screamed at Dominick and threw him to the wall. At this point, Eugene has to face his fears of being his abusive father, the father Dominick protected as he himself became the victim of abuse. This event cemented the love of the two brothers, who has since become the best friend. Although they needed each other, they needed both independence and the ability to grow and develop relationships with others. The fact that they must be part of the path has become a very real emotional pressure. However, by the end of the film, Dominick is able to say goodbye to his brother and wishes him luck. Eugene is able to leave his brother with the confidence that he has begun to make a social network of people who care about him and help him with his independence. When Dominick testifies to his friend's abuse, he is forced to face the cause of his own trauma. In this state of extreme stress, Dominick stops almost completely. Then he leads after the ambulance to the hospital to see what happened to his boyfriend. After learning that the boy died, he faces an abusive father who, fearing his testimony, tells him that he sees nothing, knows nothing and says nothing, and that if he kills him. Now that his life was threatened, he went and found the handgun that Larry was killing on the rats. He goes to the old deceased boy and his gun, kidnaps the child's troubled family. He escapes from the scene and hides himself in a building. When the police surround him, Eugene enters the building to talk to his brother. Eugene then reveals the cause of Dominick's handicap and brings his child back. The abusive father then has a threat weapon to kill Dominick, but Eugene stops him, and Dominick tells the crowd that he saw the father throwing his son on the stairs. By the climatic end, the problem of dysfunctional behavior appears. Although Dominick's instinct for saving the child can be understood, we see how bad this response is. Dominick put the life and life of his child in a serious danger. The larger societal consequences of these events are not directly involved, but rather reflected by the closure of the films. In spite of the more optimistic final portrayal, perhaps another succession of events might have happened, in which Dominick is accused of kidnapping and possession of a firearm. It is somewhat difficult to believe that this was completely unmistakable. Moreover, even if Dominick is not accused, there could still be a stigma against him in the community, not that there was none before these events. Instead, the film shows that we need to be able to recognize problematic behavior and act to stop it. Dominick and Eugene were released in 1988, the same year as another film, Rainman, who won 5 Academy Awards. While Rainman was an achievement and contributed to raising visibility with the person with disabilities, it could be argued that Dominick and Eugene have less valuable lessons for society. While Rainman demonstrated that American society can learn and take care of a "scientist", if the "scientist" is the heir of a big building. Dominick and Eugene show that a person with disabilities could take care of and help save members of American society. The message of an independent person with disabilities may have been too strong for 1988. We hope that someday society will see the strengths of people with disabilities not as a threat but as an imperative for the strength of society.
