I'm collecting horror movies everywhere and I've seen good and bad - Zombie Bloodbath is a low-budget movie. Sure, the act is bad, the story is basically a combination of all the zombie films thrown together, and the quality is low in some places. The thing you seem to miss is that it's still fun and fun. The effects range from, as someone here said, face-down zombies that look like KISS, rejecting the really good ones with amazing latex work. But the reason you buy a movie with a title like this is for gore and this movie is amazing in that area. The effects are great for such a small movie. Someone called it a party movie and it is. 100% fun party film. I have heard from various websites that this is actually a "rough cut" of the movie that has received a general version, but the current "director cut" comes on DVD and is of great quality. I will buy it and judge it for me. The story is actually a nuclear station that goes bad and makes zombies. The gov't closes him, hides the story and sancts the houses to be built on him. Some of the plants are still underground and these undead rise and attack the area. Several actors do a great job, there is a fairly social comment that is full of wisdom and truth, good music, great light, effective suspense and tons of blood and sick gorges. A guy is attacked and taken from the bottom to the top if you know what I mean. Then, his courage is removed from his mouth. Another is broken in half as on the Day of the Dead and they have done a good job in this regard. There are a million gore gore and almost every action. I say you're no longer a prudent one, you enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and the meat market. Two amazing epics. <br /> <br /> OK - UPDATE !!! I just got the DVD and here is what I thought: much better image quality and because once I was able to see DIRECTOR'S CUT the current movie and it's a much better movie. I liked it before, but now I can see what Todd Sheets is trying to do with it. And the commentary also helps, listening to Sheets, talks about the film in detail, he knows it's a zombie movie, but he shows respect for all the people involved. Sheets also has a great sense of humor and humble integrity that others can learn from the field of film. Behind the Zombie Bloodbath scene is quite fun. I felt it was almost as fun as the movie for which it was created. There are some extraordinary interviews behind the scenes, mixed with movie news from some important venues like CNN, FOX and MTV. Everywhere, a fun little movie that's VERY HARD on the edges, but still I had to laugh and enjoy the walk! I've seen many DV movies and some videos, and many are pretty boring, but it really was not. While newer DV movies are technically superior, they are not that fun! PS - Have I heard that now I come back on a big budget ???
