Zombie Bloodbath is a movie made by zombie fans for zombie fans with true love of Horror. As I have understood from the commentary and the things I have read, it was done during the massive Midwest flood in 1993, when half of Missouri was under water. The buildings were under water. the cars and the houses were under water. An article said the zombies and the crew in this movie would help the river sand after filming every day. The fact that this movie was made at all is a miracle. It's like a huge game of every zombie movie ever made through a Troma filter. It's a party movie that can be enjoyed with friends who like spell and goo. And it is fast rhythm, energetic and very funny. A toxic leak accident in a nuclear power plant causes people to melt or turn into zombies. The local government covers it, breaks the factory and builds houses on it. Some ground changes (?) Determine an opening of the cave, and some new inhabitants find the cave and unleash the oysters on the newly built community. From there he just becomes mad and mischievous. I've read these reviews here several times. And it seems to me that the same person has attacked this fun movie three times as a different commentator, using false names. They use the same words and sentences. Zombie Bloodbath is cheap. It's cruel. It has a bad action. And half of the films made. There is plenty of LIGHT than this fun movie. If you hate this movie so much, do not buy it. There is no need for personal attacks and call the crew or send "Trash Trailer". And it is obvious that you are not from Australia or England. It's just annoying that this wonderful service, IMDb does not attract users to use it just to destroy others. There are bad reviews and good reviews, and I do not mind them. I give myself both bad reviews and good reviews. But it is obvious that a mad just wants to use this forum to attack the director of this movie personally. Sad. Some of these so-called "reviewers" even sue the "review" just to promote their own films. One called this Boring movie - well, love it or hate it, a thing you NEVER can say about this movie is that it's boring. It's moving fast and never has a tedious place. Oh and this reviewer in the Netherlands ??? - LIAR. You tried to post the same review to Amazon and it was taken out there. The same review just said it was from Missouri. This nonsense must stop. Love it or I hate it - make a real review or write nothing. It's obvious that you have not seen the movies. But for the record, I have, and although this is not nearly the best I've seen, it's far from worst. And even the worst would give a real REVOEW and would not attack the personal director. I hope this review helps some people to see through the stupidity that is happening here.
