I just have my DVD copy this set of discs and while not perfect, I have found the overall experience to be a fun way of losing some time. I have to say right in the face that I am a big fan of Zombie movies and I really think the good people who made these movies must be too. I also have a weak place for people who try, sometimes against all the chances, to live a dream. And again, these people do it. Is this an award-winning collection of amazing movies? Not. Not even close. But for what they do on their weak budgets, these films should be recommended. For me, the bottom line is always, were we entertained? Did I feel good about this movie? And the answer to both questions was "Yes". The first in the series is also the most crude. It opens with a kind of accident at a nuclear plant and people melt or not. Cut down a few years later and a new housing community is built on the old site of the reactor. Some kids who make a movie fall into a hole and find themselves stuck in the lower levels of the building. They are saved, but the hole is not sealed, and the people at the opening begin to sink from the hole. Soon, the whole city is overtaken by the undead. And these zombies are fun. They go from rotting to the cheapest palm on the white side, but it's fun. The whole film culminates in a showdown between the area's ultimate survivors and the undead, our heroes enter the lower levels of the reactor to take out the meat and eat the zombies and seal the hole forever! Pretty cheesy, but I think it was supposed to be. Still, it moves very fast, has buckets of terrible effects and even tries to have a certain style. The act is uneven, but some good performances shine and one should actually listen to the comment piece. I went back and looked at it again, and I realized there was little information about the trials and the fun that the crew and the cast had experienced in the film. Director Todd Sheets seems quite proud of this, his first film, but he also has no delusions. He knows it's a zombie movie, but he shows respect for those involved. Sheets also has a great sense of humor and humble integrity that others can learn from the field of film. Behind the Zombie Bloodbath scene is quite fun. I felt it was almost as fun as the movie for which it was created. There are some extraordinary interviews behind the scenes, mixed with movie news from some important venues like CNN, FOX and MTV. Everywhere, a fun little movie that's VERY HARD on the edges, but still I had to laugh and enjoy the walk! I've seen many DV movies and some videos, and many are pretty boring, but it really was not. While newer DV movies are technically superior, they are not fun! On the whole, this is a solid release, if it is a little defective, with extra extra and TONS of gore and splash. While we do not break any big rule to make moves, I found the series to be fun and always a laugh, so I give this set a solid recommendation. Todd Sheets did not try to make the award-winning art here, he tried, sometimes against all the possibilities he seems, to make a zero-budget fun, a spattery of splattery, and to that end, he managed to slip.
