So, Todd Sheets once said he believes Zombie Bloodbath's 1993 film Z-epic is his first feature film. Anyone who has ever seen a beauty called Zombie Rampage knows exactly how untrue that statement is. I mean, what makes it much higher? Well, again, Zombie Rampage does not include that guy, right now? <br /> <br /> In order for one to understand exactly why Zombie Bloodbath is actually considered, it is worth remembering what was in the 90's for bad horror lovers. A decade in which we all have been good-bye to cinemas B and Z, as we've met. Technological advances, strange trends and the internet will eliminate the mysterious charm of the golden years of the big boxers. And anything that resembles the quality shock was too self-conscious for his good, basically defeating the purpose. Fortunately, not everyone changes with the times. Enter Zombie Bloodbath. And I think this is where I explain the exact same premise of the 500 zombie films of the last 40 years. Well, a kind of accident to a nuclear plant infects everyone on sight, turning them into a zombie who eats flesh, falling in love, provoking some of the worst but humorous gore-scenes of the 1990s. The first 20 minutes are crowded with the strangest conversations you can imagine. Conversations that let you know it's not just a low-budget zombie movie, it's a Z grade disaster, the guy. a hysterical crowd, an inexistent active to go around, and that goes triple for Mr. Mullet. This guy really is the highlight of the night. The fact that Todd Sheets believes seriously that Zombie Bloodbath is the best of the Zombie Rampage amuses me endlessly. I mean, both are whole jokes on celluloid, but then again, so is Redneck Zombies, so obviously Todd Sheets is in the company of a lawyer. Until 1993, an evil film would undoubtedly be a parody, but Mr. Sheets is on the ground, giving us some old-fashioned scents, as he ought to be, without knowing, without blemish or useless . God bless Todd Sheets. For anyone looking for surprisingly valuable B-Horror in the 90's, the darkness of Leif Jonker should be at the top of your list. As for Zombie Bloodbath, if you are a gorehound who was bored sometime around 1990, then '93 would be the perfect time to pick up. 8/10
