One of the most favorite of all time, so funny, so funny that it is extremely attractive to him cheap and stinko nickel'n'dime, a creature of independent horror, a wonderful pleasant horror, which was released by a a formidable Crown International Pictures team, so they could play many dubious bills at the many rear drive in the '70s, and eventually revived as crazy on several small bypass stations over the years 80. I saw for the first time this glorious, astounding, ugly abomination on late night TV, on a Saturday fest during adolescence, and I had a deeply rooted, though completely irrational, boldness for that ever since. A meteorite falls from the sky and collapses in the stationary waters of a quiet lake in the country, causing the dinosaur eggs to eventually bind. Of course, the dinosaur baby immediately becomes a gigantic, giant giant, gnashing the prehistoric teeth, with empty holes, extended throat and a huge mouth full of small, sharp, stalagmites. Our Loch Ness Monster table cow immediately begins to clean up a few local villagers in a quiet and sleepy, hillbilly residential town. This is Richard Cardella, helped by Glenn Roberts and Mark Seigel's duel duel, by Kacey Cobb and Bob Isman, who got to the bottom of things along the coast, journalist Jurassic ruins tourist trade, eating all tourists and fishermen, that a hick monk makes money from him. Director / co-scriptwriter William R. Stromberg displays a terrific and profoundly inactive incompetence when it comes to rhythm, atmosphere, extended narrative construction and, in particular, a strong, credible sound acting from his speech, without hope, to the amateur rank of the community theater. The performances are uniformly abisal: Cardella is too soft and wooden to cut it like a solid heroic lead while pitifully Narcotizing redneck comical laughs Roberts and Seigel cause mournful mumble mumble - they are not laughing with these two bestial clinging as much as they do, especially when incompetent monsters discover a cut head that rolls up and down in the clear waters of the lake. However, better, a plump integrated sub-plot of a vicious killer, leading to a spectacular serpent crime that degenerates into a stupid hilar mini-massacre when a young lady buyer interrupts the artist in the middle of the robbery! Further tracking of cars is also very strange; is so clear and unimpressive that he feels more relaxed than scared when the monster suddenly appears to devour the angry fugitive. Moreover, David Allen scared off the herky-jerky animation dinosaur movement is the authentic nodurous article, designing a certain raw primal charisma, sneaky reptilian personality and the global presence of force screen that makes all human characters horrendously SCENARIO seem like unpalatable pathetic no one boredom, in comparison. With regard to the conclusion that the sheriff takes drunkenness with a bulldozer, the operative word for this thrilling confrontation is everything.
