I can not say anything about this movie except all the comments on the front page, except - as Jesse says - "are berries". All commentators on page one have eloquently written - almost the same as the dialogue is in this movie. This may be one of those illusory things that we hear so much, but they are usually made by the actors who give the lines: a beautiful script. Perhaps Robert Redford has had a strong influence on actors / actresses during the film, so that the beauty of the story is not lost. I also attended the church when I was very young and in my late adolescence. The pastor of the church spoke very eloquently and quietly, as Rev Maclean did in his church. This, in itself, is a completely different picture, which is represented by Southern Baptist churches - without a church. It was a great church with many different programs to keep occupying the congregation - perhaps the most inspired, perhaps, was the music department, its huge chorus and almost classical hymns. Also, the congregation on Sunday evening was almost entirely younger. Are you even aware that it was once safe to go to church Sunday night? I'd like to be there again! Watching "a river running through it" is very similar to hearing a beautiful sermon in a church whose members are fully involved in life. As has already been written so beautifully, the sermon for this movie is the beauty of the open space in Montana - yet there are also missile silos there? Fly-fishing or any other activity that attracts family members closer together for a happy life - and a profound understanding of each other - becomes a blessing. Although you see some of the deepest aspects of life, then the simplicity of the story also gives you a lasting impression on your heart if you let it go. Speeches and prostitutes are counterbalanced by the simple encounters of old-fashioned picnics, as this film contains - in heavy contrasts with modern families who take their children to Disney Land to poke and say "one day together." It is not wrong with that, but, as the "River" demonstrates, part of its taciturn beauty can only make life richer. This is the third movie I've seen Tom Skeritt (?) Playing a father, all the different styles and acting brilliantly. Brad Pitt, especially an undiscovered talent, with the exception of "Thelma and Louise" "Meet Joe Black," and all cast members deserved a lot of awards. The little stories he has said wonderful will receive 10 to 10 from me for any film of violence, dirty, nasty language and "action." I'm thinking especially about "Crash" and most of Arnold's movies. What a rescue for peace this film is.
