(There is not much in terms of spoilers because there is no plot to disclose them, but, though, I think I'm describing a few of what's going on ...). This is the most absurd movie I've ever seen. There are simply no words to describe this movie, though "bizarre" "ridiculous" and "ego trip" are quite close. half an hour of opening or so are indeed really strange music videos, with absolutely no plot or continuity, except that MJ falls in some of the previous. One of the most important moments in this part of the "film" in the section where MJ is flying on a joyful plane, by what seems to be a half-burst of bonds, also rejects sections cut from the yellow submarine (dear sir could do). Then, with just over an hour left, "the movie" begins with a lot of plague (a part of it really horrifying) that sees "our hero" and follows an autograph. Obviously, this left us those who are still unhappy (discount songs), somewhat worried and manage to temporarily lose them. She'll be happy for him, because it means he can witness a falling star and, again, do not do that, turn me into a rabbit. He uses this disguise to try to sneak past them, but for reasons that I can not remember right now, they see her through it (oh no!) And the scary watch begins again. Cue another song (big shock there). Shortly after the end of the pursuit, MJ brings some rabbit to life until caught by a policeman (in the middle of the desert), because it is, apparently, illegal to dance there. The rest of the movie is just as strange, it also includes MJ cleaning a bar in Smooth Criminal tone, including shooting a man with his finger, not just killing the guy, but burning his shadow in the wall, nuclear fission nuclear weapons. Another good moment is when MJ, seeing, Mr. Big (Joe "what the hell happened to his career at this moment?" Peschi) kidnapped one of the children he was friends with, magically create a firearm and at another moment of violence that ignites this seemingly random film, opens the fire to everything that moves. A final moment I will mention is when MJ, surrounded by Mr. Big and his private army. Seriously, this guy has dozens of people working for him, and they're more like commando units than mobsters, which I think they are. How does he come out? Why, he turns into a robot, complete with weapons and shield. This is the third of the four transformations he makes, almost always when they are turned around in a corner and / or on a run. This film is pretty, quite surreal, little in the way of the plot, and virtually no continuity.
