Mr. Michael Jackson is an artistic phenomenon. His short films, music videos, are simply the best. I do not care if I have a healthy feature from this guy, but I care about moving her crazy dance, shouting the roar, choreography with the cold crowd, and a few bit of CGI and animation. There should also be some uninterrupted videos. All I've mentioned is here. A bad plot and a "top vanity deal" are not a problem when I witness Michael Jackson in action. For me, he will always be the ultimate king of musical videos (not the "king of the pop" that sounds terrible, more for us, Russians, because "pop" sounds like a Russian word for "donkeys" and MJ is certainly not "donkeys.") I can see my best music videos (which are artistically beautiful) and I was not tired of them. My first impression of this movie was "What is this ...?" (bits of different video clips, some drawings, jumping uneasily from one theme to another, the absence of any plot line coexistence, some children who are wandering, etc.), but as I saw it to the end, I could say that it was wonderful and in reality nothing but anything else on television today. What I like here is that it never shows me teriously shy and can be watched by the children with ease. Without Michael Jackson, the universe of musical films would be pretty weak. Even the best classical videos of other artists can not come close to the energy hyperbole of MJ's musical madness and artistic quality. He knew how to get audiences of different ages and knew how to remain a man with moral principles. When I see a correct version of Michael Jackson's DVD, I know it's worth buying even if some clips have already appeared in a previous version. "HIStory I", "HIStory II" and "Moonwalker" are all wonderful, though only "Moonwalker" is more like a movie (with a thorough theme "Smooth Criminal," paparazzi theme) > I'm not fan of MJ I can still give this movie "like no other" a solid 9 out of 10 (I was hit by "Smooth Criminal" for safety and major complaints are as follows: the initial segments of the movie could have been abandoned , while the main "MJ anti-drug campaign" should have received more "insanity and stress" and should have been more "moonwalking"). Thank you for your attention.
