Ah, Moonwalker, I'm a big fan of Michael Jackson, I grew up with his music, Thriller was actually the first musical video I've ever seen apparently. Do you believe there was a time when Michael Jackson was like God for people, a time when women fainted at his sight before he really faint before seeing his sight, I'm sorry, Michael. But Moonwalker was what began to be a tribute to all of Michael's success since he released the famous album Bad, which was a record record, was the first album to have 6 top ten singles. Michael is an incredible artist, there is no doubt, he writes, plays, dances, but when it comes to acting or keeping a direct story with his audience? not so much. We start very simply: Jackson's music, life, career, success and anger, which was the world's biggest star in the world, Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson is a 30-year-old style gangster who uses his powers as a crime character to protect children. When Jackson was allowed to be close to the children, I cut him to him playing in a field with their children and their dog. The dog is running and, in his search, Jackson and the kids discover Mr. Big's lair, Frankie Lideo, a mafia-related drug with a squat army that wants to make the entire population of the Earth-dependent drug-dependent planet Earth beginning with the kids. Mister. Big discovers Jackson and the kids, but they escape; Jackson tells the kids to meet him at club 30, which turns out to be a haunted abandoned nightclub in the 1930s. The story goes back to the mob attack on Jackson, and here it is revealed that Jackson is actually a magical gangster , which draws its power to shoot stars. As he passes by, Jackson turns into a sports car and descends a few of Big's patrons. The story takes the kids to Club 30, and at first the kids are afraid, but when Jackson appears, the scary atmosphere of the club is changing and the children are back in the 1930s. The club is now full of zoo gardens and swing dancers. Jackson participates in a dance with the other members of the club, which serves as a musical video for "Smooth Criminal". At the climax of the play, Mr. Big is besieging the club and kidnapping one of Katie's children. Jackson follows them back into Big's bar and ends up surrounded by his patrons. Mr. Big appears and crushes Jackson, threatening to inject Katie with highly addictive narcotics. While Katie manages to release Joe Pesci's glasses and get rid of the injection, Mr. Big decides he has had enough money and orders his men to kill Katie before finishing Jackson, but not before star to fly. Jackson turns into a giant robot and kills all Big Big soldiers. Yeah, you want more weirdness? Watch the movie. Moonwalker is fun for the first half hour, seeing Michael's success and all his hard work makes fans appreciate him once more. Is it the most part to improve my album? Yeah, I like how he spends his first 25 minutes praising how wonderful he is, then we go to his play "Let Me Lonely," which is pretty hypocritical, not that it 's not a great song. Then, when we miss the action of singing, the story was incredibly poor: the bastard calls his name out loud, while Michael and Katie spy on him, lol, Michael is transformer at once, the bastard's big monster plan is to make high children? The villain also has a kind of massive weapon that would make Marvin red Martian. But if there is a new thing that's incredible the movie gives us is the new Smooth Criminal video. This music video is perfection, it's choreographic, it's setting, it's song, it's a smooth style, Michael always goes over and beyond perfection and Smooth Criminal was incredible. I loved Moonwalker like a child, I'm still looking at the fun to this day, but it's not the best movie by any means, it's pretty stupid, but it's good if you're Michael Jackson fan. <br /> <br /> 7/10
