SAPS AT THE SEA is obviously a game on a Gary Cooper movie, SOULS AT THE SEA. The title fully describes the star team, Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. who are on an ocean trip to calm Ollie's nerves just to run in the murdered murderer, Nick Grainger. As interpreted by Rychard Cramer, this killer is both amusing and refreshing, making him a good sheet for the boys' comic characters. Despite his strong presence, Cramer never raises boys, a homage to Stan, and Ollie's charisma. That's how it should be, because boys should be the protagonists in this movie. This is the charm of Laurel and Hardy's characters that they raise the average material. For SEA at SEA it has slow spots. For example, as a previous commentator observed, a little bit of a doctor (scary James Finlayson) is trying a balloon called "lung tester" on Ollie, he has no punch. The script is very episodic, with the first part, which takes place in the Boys apartment, almost completely independent of the second part where they go to the sea. But overall, the movie is a very enjoyable entertainment, with a sufficiently short duration of operation, so it can not be worn out. It's a bit of a vision of the final collaboration between Laurel and Hardy and producer Hal Roach. I did not see all of Laurel and Hardy's post-1940 films, but the ones I've seen do not even measure the worst Hal Roach products. In these films later, Laurel and Hardy seem to be in a foreign environment lacking such dye players as Finlayson, Charlie Hall and Marvin Hately, and LeRoy Shield's musical scores. They are also not well-understood and optimized bumblers we know and love, but in later films, whether they are exasperated by blocks or pathetic pathetics. It is a pity that many Hal Roach Laurel and Hardy films are now generally unavailable to the public. Even in a minor entry, like SAPS AT THE SEA, one can see that Laurel and Hardy were great comedians. This is because Hal Roach, for the most part, has allowed Stan Laurel, the leading force behind the team, to have complete artistic freedom. Once Laurel lost its autonomy to other studios, the team lost much of its uniqueness.
