This is the third comment here trying to connect two legendary cinematic comedy teams: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The connection here is the year 1940. That's when the first had their last movie in their home studio by Hal Roach. I will mention the meaning of the latter later. In addition to being the last time Stan and Ollie worked at Lot of Fun, it's time to get along with well-known actors like Charlie Hall and James Finlayson who appeared in most of their films. It is also the last time Art Lloyd will serve as their cameraman and Marvin Hatley - who has composed his thematic song, which will be known as "The Cucky Song (Dance of Cages)" - their score. And it would be the last time Stan Laurel had the right to exercise full creative control over the film. If there is a much more structured structure than the usual one in this L & H movie, it's good to know that most of these gags are really funny. This includes most of the sound and visual effects, the latter being provided by Roach Seawright, employed by Roach. In this case, Ollie has a "hornofobie" to work at a noisy horn factory, so Dr. Finlayson prescribes the sea exit for rest. Ollie does not like to go with the boat, so Stan suggests that they have only rented one that has been hired, so he should not go anywhere. After finding one who likes them, we find out that convict Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) has just escaped ... I will stop there and say that this was a good LH for L & H house for a long time. can hope. It's hilarious, especially from the beginning to the end and knowing that this is their last, because the man who is partly responsible for their fear is really stunning when someone thinks about it. Oh, and I still have a couple of memories: it's Harry Bernard's final film, playing a port patrolman after years of meeting Stan and Ollie as a policeman, and Ben Turpin's cross-sighted comic in New Orleans, a few hours away from the current Baton Rouge home town, whose second appearance L & H had previously "married" with the boys in our wife. The last performer has a real comic moment. Okay, I mentioned the year 1940 being the year when Stan and Ollie had their last film released by Hal Roach studios. It was also the first year in which a comedy team, both born in New Jersey, would make the first picture of what their home studio, Universal, would be. The director of that film was the one who guided L & H in The Flying Deuces last year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. P.S. During the filming, Virginia Lucille Jones scene supervisor had an accident involving a carpet run. That incident causes Oliver "Babe" Hardy to send her roses to her hospital room. They fell in love and married on 7 March 1940. It lasted until Babe died in 1957.
