Next BLOCK-HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD, two movies that are hard top. Not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad movie - it's the last good comedy (if you do not insist on JITTERBUGS or another in the later films) that Laurel & Hardy did. It's just a small movie without the fun of BLOCK-HEADS, or the stunning view of Stan's "real" character in "O CHAMP TO OXFORD" to enjoy it. The 57 minutes is shorter than the other two movies a bit, but it's not really a bad point for that. He has enough time to get his right notes. It's not as special as the other two. Stan and Ollie work in a horn-producing factory. I suspect there has been a little Chaplin influence in this sequence (recalls a similar incident in MODERN TIMES assembly just four years earlier). Ollie's nerve bones finally twist, and he continues to struggle. He goes home and, of course, his roommate Stan does not help them - Stan has a music lesson with an eccentric professor on his instrument (you have a trombone). After beating the poor teacher, Ollie has trouble with the incompetent engineer engineer (Ben Turpin in a nice short look) and then faces his doctor (Jimmy Finleyson) and his nervous tester (a balloon that swells while pushing the air from Ollie's Stomach). Finleyson announces that it's a bad case of "hornifoobie", and Ollie needs a long silence and goat's milk holiday. They go to a ship, but Ollie and Stan know nothing about sailing - so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately, the goat plows the rope until it breaks, and the ship deviates. Also unfortunately, on board is Richard Cramer, a dangerous criminal who escaped. This will not be a peaceful vacation. SAPS AT THE SEA (such as A CHUMP) could have been three shorts, one at the factory, one at the apartment and one on the boat. Everybody would have been a successful short film, and they all make a funny movie - but the sewing of the pieces together shows. There are very funny moments in the movie - the discoveries about how Turpin's inertia causes countless irregularities with water taps and stoves in the apartment; Charlie Hall's accidental remarks when Stan or Ollie drive him and ask for guidance ("Can you help me find the basement?" Stan asks - "Of course you can not miss it - it's down!" says Hall , who realizes what stupid comment he was doing); and Cramer's maltreatment of the two slaves' slaves. He calls Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (an allusion to the Dean brothers of St. Louis cardinal teams in the 1930s - see Dan Prince of St. Louis). Cramer makes the boys cook some food - and they make a synthetic meal (booties for spaghetti, for example) to get him sick to be overloaded. When they realize what they did, they force them to eat the table alone. Their reactions are brilliant. SAPS AT SEA is not on the top line of Laurel & Hardy films, but it is a good film overall and a good conclusion with their best years of career film (1927 - 1940) when they were with Hal Roach. In the early years before the appearance of the boys and Roach had serious problems involving production costs (OUR RELATIONS, where Stan was a film producer), artistic problems (scenes from SWISS MISS were rendered meaningless) and contractual arguments Ollie who appears with Harry Langdon in ZENOBIA). Stan and Ollie struck back with FLOWER DEWESS, where production was not just Roach's, but Boris Morros's production. Finally, two controversies from A CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS at the SEA concluded the arguments and problems - and, moreover, the boys left Roach. Unfortunately, they have never found a subsequent film relationship with such a satisfactory producer as this one.
