I liked this film much more than anything I had anticipated; from reading other comments here, I suspect they have a lot to be seen on a full screen in cinema, in the company of a cheerful and enthusiastic audience. I was lucky enough to have that experience, accompanied by countless laughter from all sides, and she had a really good time with this undemanding comedy. Because it's like a comedy that shines, if it shines anywhere. Music is nothing special - in fact, I did not realize it was * a musical, and it was very surprised when the assembled ancestors burst into lyrical half-speech - but I must admit that half the threat, half promise of "Oh , what am I going to do ... "turned out to be more appealing than it ever seemed at that time, because it still goes around me and around my head! , as it happens, pivots largely in the past of homonymous Francesca, a sixteenth century portrait, wearing a distinctly anachronistic hairstyle and fur. Her idea of ​​marriage holiness does not doubt her distant descendant, Countess Angelina, and almost the story that squeaks at stitches under the pressure of the Production Code is heard to ensure that heroin becomes unbearable in the marriage bed late with the right man ... Romanticism does not scatter the earth, and actually the first scenes, played fairly well, righteous, boring. But where the screenplay and the movie really come alive, they are in the next gender battle. Douglas Fairbanks Jr's impudence of Betty Grable, married to Angelina, is equal to following Betty-Grable-as-Francesca in turn, culminating in a complete resumption of the role in the hilarious fantasy sequence, where - literally - his foot. This is probably the culmination of the plot, though the consequences of the colonel's confusing confusion are solved with a bold touch in the other two "acts" of the operetta, and Fairbanks's awakened happiness is more or less worth the admission price on the account own. Grable is entirely convincing in setting two contrasting characters with wisdom becoming almost all (limited) singing opportunities, and shares honors where swathes of quotable dialogue in various verbal duels. But in the unspoken field of reaction, she is truly overtaken by her masculine rulers; Fairbanks in particular is an absolute treatment in a series of words without words, whose configuration and humor is worthy of silent screening. This movie is too uneven in style to be a classic, ranging from broken to tedium. But at best, it is really very honest, very funny, and brought a round of spontaneous applause and laughter along the audience at the end of the light. Suddenly, he may not have been able to attract the contemporary audience - but on this show he really does not deserve to be denied by either Grable or Preminger, the director (unbelievable). This is not a masterpiece, but a minor work of amusement, and I find myself grinning all the way home.
