* SPOILERS * <br /> <br /> This is just the second pay-per-view that I've given 10, the first being the 1991 Royal Rumble. It was full of exciting games that were not memorable, just disposable entertainment. And that's why I like it. <br /> <br /> The opening match between Razor and DiBiase as well as Ludvig Borga vs. Marty Jannetty were the only weak points. There were good matches, but DiBiase deserved better in his final viewing view on view. These days, a match like this would have run-ins and a higher climax for Razor's first shot. And Jannetty, the freshman of an Intercontinental title, might have had a better fit with Borga. But I do not think anyone cares. They only needed a borga loan on pay per view TV. IRS and Kid were wonderful, like Michaels and Perfect. I wish Perfect to have won, but Michaels is not standing for anyone. Notice how well after that she left WWF, so she should not have worked with Razor. Bret Hart had two big beats with Doink (see how the best match of each is against Hitman) and then Lawler. Their rivalry was a classic; the reason why the feud of the year of that year was not important. How often do you see that two legends win the Feud of the Year in this late career? The Steiners-Heavenly Bodies match was one of the best of the year. Who knew the bodies could keep their own against one of the best teams ever? Many say the Undertaker-Giant Gonzalez match was a waste of time. But I loved it. Remember, what made the old WWF (as in, pre-WWE) a mixture of athletics and strange performance. Is there a soul out there who did not like Akeem? The main event was not bad, although it is not close to the match with the status of years. They put Lex Luger in good shape, but they made a wise choice for Yokozuna to hold the belt. It was the first hell since Superstar Graham kept the belt for more than two months. Now the heels are champions all the time. But at the beginning of the WWWF, through WWF in the 1990s, if you've blinked, you've lost your heel title. Like an old fan of the wrestling school, he and SummerSlam '88 are my favorites.
