This was the first PPV in a new era for the WWE as Hulk Hogan, The Ultimate Warrior, Ric Flair and Sherri Martel left. A new crop of talents had to be pushed. And all this started with Lex Luger, a former world champion at NWA, who received a shot against Yokozuna. Lex traveled all over the US on a Lex Express bus, to inspire Americans to rally behind him in an attempt to beat the Japanese monster (which was actually Samoan) and to receive the WWE championship back in the hands of the Americans. As such, there was much anticipation for this match. But every good PPV needs an undercard and this has had some good things. The night began with Razor Ramon defeating Ted DiBiase in a good match. The story was that DiBiase chose Ramon and even offered him a slave job after losing the shock to the 1-2-3 child on RAW in July. Ramon, angry, then had a team with the 1-2-3 Kid team against the Money Inc label from Ted DiBiase and Irwin R Shyster. To solve their differences, both have given one on one of DiBiase vs. Ramon and Shyster vs The Kid. Razor managed to solve his business after he hit Edge Razor. Next came Steiner Brothers, putting the WWE Tag Team titles against the Heavenly Body. Determine Body Corp Manager Interference Jim Cornette, who hit Scott Steiner in the throat with a tennis racket, managed to make a victory in a decent match. Shawn Michaels and Mr. Perfect were disposed to Wrestlemania IX when Shawn Michaels faced Perfect after Lex Luger's loss. Perfect then cost Michaels the Intercontinental Championship when he distracted him in a title match against Marty Janetty. Michaels won the title back and put him on the line against Mr. Perfect, but Michaels now had a strong ally in his corner in his 7-foot Diesel body garage. Micheals and Perfect had an excellent match here, but Diesel was the one to prove the difference by pulling Perfect out of the ring and throwing it in the steel steps for Shawn to win through the count. Irwin R Shyster avenged the loss of partner team label earlier in the night, easily representing 1-2-3 Kid. The next came one of the great games of the night, while Bret Hart was preparing to fight with Jerry Lawler for the WWE's undisputed title of king. But Lawler came out with crutches, saying he was injured in a car accident that day and that he arranged another opponent for Hart: Doink the Clown. Hart and Doink had an acceptable match, which Hart won with a shield shot. He was then leaped back by Lawler. This bought WWE President Jack Tunney at the ring that told Lawler that he would get a life ban if he did not fight Hart. Hart then destroyed Lawler, winning with the assault, but Hart refused to let go, and the referee reversed his decision. So after all this, Lawler was named the WWE's undisputed king. This match was followed by Ludvig Borda, destroying Marty Janetty in a short game. The Undertaker ended his long rivalry with Harvey Wippleman, which began in 1992 when the Undertaker defeated Wippleman's client Kamala at Summerslam and continued when Wippleman's last monster Giant Gonzales destroyed Taker at Rumble and then at Wrestlemania, with a decisive victory over Gonzales here. Gonzales then started Wippleman, dancing after a poor game. The next time was for the six men to mark the action as smokers (Bart and BIlly), and Tatanka defeated The Headshrinkers (Samu and Fatu) and Bam Bam Bigelow and Tatanka with Samu. This brings us to the main event with Yokozuna, flanked by Jim Cornette and Fuji, placing the WWE title on the line against Lex Luger and everything was on board Lex Express. Lex attacked, but Yokozuna took control. Lex returned, though he managed to avoid a drop of banzai and then kill Yokozuna before pulling him out of the ring. Luger then attacked Cornette and Fuji because Yokozuna was counted. Luger won a good game !!!!! The balloons have fallen from the ceiling. All the heroes came out to congratulate him for victory. Yokozuna would have retained the title, but Luger would have proven he might be beaten. The only question was: Who could beat him in the ring and get his title off him?
