Spider-Man is in my opinion the best superhero ever, and this game is the best superhero game ever. Although it may be somewhat gentle, you have to play several times to get all the costumes and comic books, which makes it easy to get through the game. It might seem hard to control from the start, but once you hang on to it, you'll be web-slinging like Spider-Man himself. The bosses, while the levels are somewhat gentle, are fun. The first boss, Scorpio, is incredibly easy to beat, which should not be so because, as the comic book fans know, Scorpio is one of Spider-Man's deadliest offenders. The second boss, Rhino, is also very easy. The third boss is Venom, which is, in my opinion, the lightest boss in the game, which certainly should not be. The fourth boss is Venom again. This time, he's a bit harder to beat, but still easy. The 5th Chief is Mysterio, who thinks he is the most funny boss in the game. He is also one of the bosses harder, but once again, still quite easy. The next head is Carnage, that is, you guessed it, easy to beat. But Carnage is a kind of fun to fight. The seventh boss is Doctor Octopus, which is easy as all the other bosses, but not as easy as others because he has a shield. The 8th and last boss is exclusive to the game, never in a cartoon or cartoon. I will not spoil it for you for those who have not played the game but the boss is the only boss in the game that is not too easy. It took me four or five attempts to beat, while the others beat the first or second attempt. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very good game. I gave her 8 out of 10. The reasons why I did not give a 9 or 10 are that once you get all the costumes and comic books, it gets a bit boring (getting what the thing will take some time ) is not very accurate depending on comic books or cartoons, bosses are too easy and should have used Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as boss, I think it would be fun to fight someone flying in the air ! They have never used them to continue the game! Well, Green Goblin is the bastard in the upcoming Spider-Man movie, we hope they will make a movie based video game.
