Jacknife is a war movie that is as far from war as war films. It's hard to classify as a war movie, because the only way any war has an effect on storytelling or characters is in their memories of it, and they have never been shown. He puts very interesting questions about life, especially as the slogan of the film says that only one of them is really alive (and, by the way, even if the slogan only refers to Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro) talks about all three characters in the movie). Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam War, and Megs returned to take Dave out on a fishing trip they planned much more than you guessed. <br /> <br /> DeNiro offers a perfect performance of Megs' character, who are not very sure if we would like it or if he really is like nuts like Martha thinks he is. Dave remembers Martha several times that Megs is not his friend, just someone he knows. There is a wonderful scene at the beginning of the movie, where Megs went out to take a pack of beer from the breakfast car and is right in the corner of the room when Dave says that. Megs pauses for a moment and then enters the room with a smile and a huge greeting. Only then did you realize how Megs would have felt when he heard that, for it was he who remembered what they intended to do on this day. It reminds me of the old fake, "Sure, let's do that," something people say so often to each other, with no plans to do such things. Ed Harris delivers great performance like Dave, which has never surpassed the effects he has had on him. Even so many years later he failed to overcome the death of a friend during the war, blaming himself until today to drown his life in alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. All he wants, he says, is that people leave him alone. This is not a man who lives his life as he wants, whether people leave it alone or not, he is a man who tries to forget that he is alive, to be as detached from the world of the living as possible. Martha's sister reminds me of me, at least as far as my roommates are concerned. I have two roommates who are 21 and 24 years old and both act like they still live with their mothers, waiting for their mess to disappear just when they leave the room again. One in particular (the oldest, quite sad) has absolutely no idea how to take care of himself, I am surprised that I do not have to wipe his chin while eating. Martha must do the same for her brother, waiting for her in her hand and her leg as she passes through life, from one hangover to another. Martha and Dave are stuck in a stagnant life and none of them can come out of it until some major changes, and Dave is the one who must change. <br /> <br /> I tend to complain about romance in movies that simply do not belong as much as Roger Ebert complains about those low voltage pathetic devices, the red digital reading. But in this case, I do not think the romance that develops between Megs and Martha had a negative effect on the rest of the film. On the contrary, it made it more interesting, because it was not predictable. The problem with romantic subtleties in Bruckheimer movies and what is not that they are so predictable that you only wait for the obvious ending and hope that something interesting will happen along the way. In this case, however, it is not so obvious that something will happen between Megs and Martha because we do not know enough about Megs. Martha might be right about him, he's one of Dave's war friends, and he's not the kind of man he's supposed to meet. Dave certainly encourages this idea. A few years after this movie, DeNiro made Cape Fear, where he plays a killer embarrassed to take revenge against the lawyer who landed in jail, a character who, in retrospect, is quite easy to think that maybe the end of Jacknife Martha she realizes her mistake, escapes from Megs and she and Dave are competing for saving her from a terrible relationship and then deciding to clean up her act because she did something good for her. I was half expecting this to happen, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs stayed together and even more surprised when Megs Dave asks all the questions about what they planned to do after the war. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this is a slow moving drama, but Jacknife is fun along the way and has a huge payout at the end that manages to be amazing without being cheese. There is almost an excess of emotion at the end of the movie, which does not match the rest of the movie, but it's so good that nothing can be done by the movie until that moment. Everybody involved offers great performance and is one of those rare movies that makes you stand up and crush your victories in the air.
