The combination of reading Novella and watching this movie inspired my wife and us to new levels. Recently we discussed a statement made by artist Thomas Kinkade in one of his inspired books; He said, "You and I were not designed to breathe in the wandering air of five-year traffic. I do not even think God had banal television programs, hype media, worthless purchases, and polluted soul in mind when it created the universe ... "I did not see" a river that passes through it "in a few years, but after I thought of Kinkade's statement, something attracted me to watch the film with a spiritual eye. I watched her and I saw a whole new world in the movie and inspired me to read the book (I have to read). I have always been frustrated in Southern California, but somehow he was caught up in materialistic society. The film really asks how we should really experience the creations of God. A combination of Macleans' story and my desire to come back to the northwest led me to move to Montana. I want my future children to be able to leave the landscape, to go with me, to ride with me, not to travel horses in anything other than open ground and clear lakes in the mountains. A place where you rarely worry about crimes. I look around SoCal, and everything I see is malls, muddled men in Mercedez Bens, miles of vehicles on congested motorways, gangs, racial turmoil on the verge of violent rash, and all skeptical about everyone's intentions. <br /> <br /> However, the film is very inspired by a brilliant action and a deep story about the fragile connections of loved ones. There is a lot of deep thinking in this movie. The landscape deserves to be seen by itself and actually helps to lower the tension. You should end this relaxed but full of perspective on your own life. It requires a compassionate, intelligent and spiritual person to really understand the meaning. If you do not understand the art of cinema and how a director achieves his goals through dialogue, tone, light, color, landscape, angles / camera movement, etc. Then this movie is not likely for the crowd that thinks "Furious" is the biggest film. Granted it was fun, but a little deep. Bottom Line: This movie helps you realize that life is not about how much money you have or what you own. Rather, it's about your relationships with family and friends, and about the experiences you share together. QUALITY IS NOT QUALITY
