"Italian" is one of the greatest or almost wonderful 1915 films available today. The year was a turning point for the long movie, especially in America: Lois Weber's "Hypocrites", "The Cheat" by Cecil B. DeMille and, of course, D.W. Griffith "The Birth of a Nation" has established new landmarks for art. In addition, that year, Russian director Yevgeni Bauer made two of his best pictures, "After Death" and "Daydreams". The French "Les Vampires" still have admirers, although they do not agree with them. The emergence of the feature film was led by Europe, mainly from Denmark, France and Italy, but the dominance of this market and, to a certain extent, art changed over the Atlantic in 1915. <br /> <br /> the important artistic achievement of "The Italian" is his stunning and often innovative cinema. There are some scenic sunsets, mobile ramps, including a short sloping jump of the Italian race to buy a wedding ring and another blow by him on a moving car and generally there is wise use of the different angles of the room and expert fully enlightened. A particularly striking blow is a shutdown of the Italian annoyed, as he slowly approaches the camera for an extreme approach to D.W. Griffith "Musketeers of Pig Alley" (1912). He's so upset that his environment just starts to shake around his anger. Unfortunately, the cinema seems to be unknown. The director, though initially without credit in the film, is now known as Reginald Barker. Five or so of other films made for Ince are also available today, but they are rather unimportant. "Civilization" (1916), which he worked on, was a great production, but a profound erroneous film. By the way, I think that one or more different cinematographers who worked on "Civilization" also photographed the "Italian". In addition, the whole production is very advanced for then. Venice and New York are well-suited despite the film filmed in Los Angeles (for Venice) and San Francisco (for the New York slums). There are extensive flashbacks, though probably one or two too many. I especially like the intelligent framing of the narrative as being read in a character book played by the same actor, George Beban, who is also the main in the main narrative. Reading the story is still framed shortly by opening and closing at the end of curtain curtains, to the theater, which is reflected in the inner story during the culmination of revenge in the child's room, with the opening and closing of window curtains. Parallel editing, dissolutions and irises in the room are treated professionally. Besides, Beban and Clara Williams, as a wife, play their songs well. On the other hand, the "Italian" has some disadvantages. The early moments of the film contradict rather disharmonically with the last parts of the harsh and heavy melodrama, although the environmental changes from Romanized Italy to the New York naturalist work well, especially because it is supported by lighting and photography. The harsh dissolution of the American dream in this film, enriched by strict photography, must have been cunning for immigrant classes with a disproportionately high population of cinematographic audiences ever since. The Corrigan character should have been foretold; its short campaign introduction for another politician seems inappropriate for the subsequent centralization of the Italian return. In addition, the directors were either medically naive or negligent not to explain the lack of breastfeeding the child and the unjustified belief in the healing powers of peace for the other child. Apart from the deficiencies in the plot, the "Italian" is particularly well done.
