Did you see The Graduate? He was hailed as the film of his generation. But a river goes through a story about all generations. Long before Dustin Hoffman's character was wrapped in the traps of the modern suburb, Norman Maclean and his brother Paul faced the same crushing pressure to grow as they tried to find their place in the world. But how could a place like Montana be a showcase for the American family, at a time when the wild West has not yet completely disappeared? Just what did Maclean do in such deep blows we all are, and what do we have to go to find us? While the movie opens, Norman is an old man, he flies beside a rushing river, trying to understand the course his own life has done. The film is literally a journey through its own stream of consciousness, against the current of time and back when it was a boy. He and his younger brother Paul were the sons of a presbyterian minister and a devoted mother. Parents are in their roles. Mother takes care of home and home. My father does the Lord's work. Boys think what they will when they grow up. The norm was reduced to a boxer or a minister like his father. Thanks to the choice, little Paul would be the boxer because he said his first choice of pro flyfisherman does not even exist. The boys grow up and fall into trouble with their troubles, struggle to see who's tougher and do the things the brethren do, while attending the church and taking part in all other spiritual issues, such as fish fishing. They are in similar moments in their life before college. But when Norm returns to Dartmouth for six years, things are very different. Paul is at the top of his game. Master-flyfisherman. The degree of a reporter near the college and the newspaper who knows every cop in the beating and every judge on the bench. Norman is amazingly well-educated for his day, but he has little idea what to do with his life, even if his father grieves about what he plans to do. You left the feeling that at least at Pops, God will call you to the work of your life. But you have to stay open and ready to receive it - all your life. The father always took his boys to reflect on the side of the river and contemplate the eternal words of God. - Listen, their dad urges them. It's both Zen and Quakerly. Pretty radical for a Stoic cleric. But with all the beauty and contemplation, and even if the Mackleans are really a God-fearing family, who fear God, how is the family of Father Maclean unleashed? Paul is true perfection as he crosses the river but feels good luck and headaches while his family does not know how to stop him from winding up where he seems to be heading. Mom, dad and brother seem to have the same quiet despair of not knowing what they should do and why they can not help. Pauly shook her with a grin and irresistible charm. But the junior brother is losing adhesion. Norman begins his life on the right path, finding love and career, but Paul continues to slip. The family who loves him pursues it impossible. Mother, Father, brother of Brother in their own way, trying to help, but none very effective. How can a family that loves so much so poorly equipped to cope with this situation? How can one be so artistic and gracious when he is in the nature of God, and still be somewhat inadvertently or foolishly fit into the construction of society that the people of God have made for themselves? All these are questions Norman will think all his life. Eternal words under the smooth stones of the river haunt him forever, but he keeps their secrets. The movie is beautiful to watch. This is definitely the land of God, and the film has won an Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays with the story in the book and tries a little narrative to follow the emotional model he presents and works well. But go back and read the book. You will see that Norman has ties with his old man even deeper than he can suggest the movie - and you will see the places where the narrator's words blow and sing from the page with the exuberance of a river that passes through it to the unknown.
