This is a very well done movie. Sumitra Bhave has always made a sensible cinema and this is my favorite movie. This film should have won the National Prize and it would have been my choice to represent India at the Oscars. He is at least a thousand times better than Shaaws, who is going to Oscar in India this year. He is of the opinion that the information about this film (and about all the other films in India) on IMDb is missing and sometimes even wrong. Sadashiv Amrapurkar played a very important character in this movie and is not even credited on these pages. The rest of the cast and crew are not mentioned at all. Awards and nominations for this film are not even when Sonali Kulkarni won the National Film Prize for this film. There was no vote voted for "Doghi". Doghi is not a Hindi movie. It is Marathi and, fortunately, escapes the song and dance sequence, does not get involved in glamor glitter and designer witches. It is a real, soul-filled story with a rare understanding and respect. Doghi, which can be translated as "two women," is a story of two sisters, Gauri and Krishna. It's really a very simple story, Sumitra Bhave does not venture into several sublots, which makes the movie very difficult to guide. The whole movie is set in an unmarked village in Maharasha, and the screen rarely ventures away from the house of the two female protagonists. There is no aesthetic sunset in this movie. The movie opens and we are introduced to the entire house, preparing for Gauri's wedding. Gauri's and Krishna's father being a fertile farmer, the home is full and happy; there is nothing to want a simple life. However, on the eve of the wedding, Gauri's wife encounters a fatal accident. Gauri's father can not stand the tragic news and suffers a major stroke. Without a strong and efficient member, the house could have collapsed, but Gauri's mother assumes responsibility. She works as and when she can, but she can not meet. But her life is lighter than Gauri's. The superstitions, which people are trying to forget, make Gauri a real wretch. She is defeated by society. Gauri's mother writes to her brother. Desperate for help, accepts his proposal. He takes Gauri to Mumbai, where he is made to work in brothels. Gauri sends home the money they earn and their conditions improve. Gauri gives her life for her family. However, when Gauri returns home for Krishna's wedding, her mother does not come out to know her. They do not leave Krishna next to her, and they do not allow Gauri in front of the guests. He loves Gauri, but he is afraid of Krishna's life. It completely destroys Gauri and she decides to return to her unhappy life. But Krishna runs away and holds Gauri. He asks his beloved sister to come back. Krishna promises to stand beside her. Are they promising to face the world? together. <br /> <br /> There is nothing unnecessary in this movie. Everything is necessary and sufficient. Gauri goes to Mumbai, but what he does there is never said? subtle dialogues tell us what we need to know. It's just the empty story, which is profound in its simplicity. Doghi is a responsible cinema. He is respected by the subject he occupies. Is he respectable to his audience? she does not think they have the mental capacity for a four year year. The actor is first. Is the direction awesome? silences carry the story in a way, without words. The scenario is well researched. All those who appreciate good cinema are obliged to like Doghi.
