I read the story of Norman Maclean, and the film was right to write Norman Maclean. My husband tends to recite it from time to time, and I myself read it and the scenes of the film come to my mind. We have videos of many Redford movies and have watched "A River Passing Through It" several times. Redford is part of the "famdamily," as he is always around. We never get tired of Redford's perception of Norman Maclean's writings and the beauty of Montana. The script reminds me of my own education very much, as my dad had the same call as Mr. Maclean's father. According to a "River Run Through It," "Methodists are Reading Baptists," a line that, by the way, is not in the short story, but I think it's a funny line! My husband and I are well read by Baptists! I heard a film critic who said that the rhythm of this movie is too slow. I disagree. As a search for inner peace, this is the type of film that will make you contemplating the beauty of nature in three / four rhythms of the metronome. The photo is remarkable! The actor is great. I like the scene where Norman and Paul, like boys, spoke and wondered if someone could be a flying fisherman or a boxer! Then the adult Paul plays Brad Pitt (Se7ven) is the "perfect guy" who needs help with his alcoholism, but he will not accept it. The same goes for Neal Burns, who uses worms as bait, and he needs help, but he would not accept that he needed help. The scene in which Paul refuses to eat oatmeal and the whole family has to wait an eternity to say grace! Finally, after hours, everyone kneels around the table to say, "Thanks!" and they all go. But the oatmeal remained on the plate! The scene in which the two love the birds and their tattoo posteriori! It's funny! Sunburn! The Road to Home where Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to cross the train line! Nice dialogue when Norman proposes to Jessie because he wants to come to Chicago with him! Redford himself does a great job as a narrator. I could not stop to compare Brad with the young Redford (Barefoot in the park). The nominated director, Producer, Actor, is a visionary who deserves to be praised for his advancement not only in the US cinema but also around the world. I'm glad to live in nineteen hundred, because I saw the start of black and white television, movies and all the technologies and special effects to watch movies at home and live in the same century as Redford because I had the chance to to see his works. Redford does not need special effects to show us the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. The river for me means the line separating life from death, memories and realities. Redford shows the hands of the Creator so wonderful and a river passes through him.
