Do you remember Ralph Bakshi? The guy who was an animator on Terrytoons, then Paramount Cartoon Studios, after which he was director of Fritz Cat 1 & 2 and Heavy Traffic? Well, that's Coonskin. And actually it's pretty good. Racist, but good. The film takes place in Harlem Nights (no, spirit, it was a work title), but with a twist that becomes a lamp of a Disney movie, Song of the South. It is about Sampson (Barry White) and the Preacher (Charles Gordone) rushing to help their friend Randy (Philip Michael Thomas) escape from prison, but they are stopped by an obstacle and ending in a shootout the police. As she waits for him, Randy listens unexpectedly to papy colleague Pappy (Scatman Crothers) as he begins to tell Randy a story about "three guys I met, like you and your friends." Pappy's story is narrated in animated animation against live wallpaper and movies. Brother Bear (voice of Thomas), Brother Bear (White's voice) and Preacher Fox (Gordone's voice) decide to pack and leave their South settings after the bank mortgages home and sells it to a man who turns it in a brothel. Arriving in Harlem, Rabbit, Bear and Fox you find that not everything is done. They face a con man called Simple Savior, a false revolutionary leader who claims to be the "cousin" of Jesus the Black, and gives his followers "the power to kill white." In a brilliant show in the church, the Savior acts brutally with the symbols of the black oppression represented by the images of John Wayne, Elvis Presley and Richard Nixon, before asking his parents for "donations." Rabbit heads first against Madigan, a white racist and homophobic police officer, and the man for the mafia, demonstrating disdain for African Americans in various ways, including the refusal to bathe before a meeting anticipated with them he thinks is not worth it). When Madigan learns that Rabbit is making his payments, he and his cohorts, Ruby and Bobby, are headed to a nightclub named "The Cottontail." A black stripper distracts him while a LSD sugar cube is thrown into his drink. Madigan, while under the influence of his spiked drink, he was then sexually manipulated with a stereotypical homosexual man and then pushed into his clothes that women were representative of the racist archetype, adorned with something racist, and eventually pushed back to the club where he discovers that Ruby and Bobby are dead. Then, as he recovers from his delirium to be drugged, he shoots his weapon around randomly and is shot to death by the police after shooting one of them. The rabbit, Bear, Fox, and opponent's boxer hurry out of the boxing arena while blowing up. The live action story ends with the escape of Randy and Pappy as he was shot by different white cops, but managed to make it alive. This film was controversial at the time of release and was re-edited by the director several times under the title Street Fight, which is obvious because Street Fight is a documentary about street racism in 2005. In fact, this film has the same subject as the documentary. That caused Bryanston Pictures, the distributor of this film and the classic Tobe Hopper classic, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, to get out of business. Because Paramount wanted to produce and distribute this film, but because of racism, Bryanston took over Bakshi's production. Despite the controversy, it's worth the fun. The animation was great at the moment, the plot makes sense and is actually fun too. <br /> <br /> FINAL VERDICT: 9/10
