by Dane Youssef "Coonskin" is the film, by the only Ralph Bakshi, is a satirical accusation of blaxploitation films and black negative stereotypes, as well as a look at black life in Modern Modern America for the day, I mean - 1975). Paramount left it like a hot potato that just burst into flame. But this is a Bakshi, controversial, thrilling film and you have to see it almost exclusively by definition. Not just another "jock shock" of a movie that tries to shock for the sake of shock. It's by Ralph Bakshi. Anyone knows the name knows if he made a movie, he has something to say ... Although the roots are based on cheap blaxploitation, "Coonskin" is not just another "off of mainstream white film or any kind of film thrown." Coonskin "wants to be more, it aims to have bigger goals and to keep bigger fish." The film does not have much fun with this genre, nor does it accuse the blacks, but it looks like love, beauty and heart in strange places Coonskin tells the story of some convicts waiting for a jail break The fact that it is even possible to burst out of a prison in the "Coonskin" world makes them old-fashioned One of the detainees tells the story of a prisoner a trio of black brothers in Harlem called Brother Bear, Brother Rabbit, Preacher Fox who want respect and action and are willing to get it through all the necessary means. The name of the great black music name: Barry White and Scatman Crothers, and Charles Gordone, the first black playmaker to take Pulitzer home. Something great happens here obviously. The film behaves like a descent in this world, this part of the racial division. From an angry black man, hip, deep, soul, with a hatred in the heart and a gun in his hand. Bakshi's films never know the meaning of "sub-leasing." Apparently he never heard of the word. But maybe such a subject needs extremism. Real snow satire. Some subjects can not be approached easily. Bakshi is unhappy with God. Here, no member or minority in the Harlem scene appears untouchable. The characters here are "animated" to "real", all depending on the state of mind and the situation. Animated and human characters share the same reality and are meant to be taken as literally. Bakshi does not just show ugly cartoons just for the shock value. He always has something to say. Black is not free. Here, unlike Spike Lee's "Bamboozled," he seems to use it to try to say something. Of 99.9% of all of Bakshi's films incorporate animation and live action. Usually, at the same time. Bakshki is not just gimmical here. All of these techniques are intertwined, mixing while they say something. Somehow, this is inevitably dated. Many of these types of films (included in Bakshi) are very current, very impulsive of the moment. They reflect a certain trend of the day, but, after looking at them later, there is only an unmistakable sense of nostalgia (as well as timeless truth). Even though music, clothes, slang, and city clearly show that photographs that belong in a time capsule, attitude, spirit and heart remain the same no matter what the royal ear is. Anyone who really saw the movies, the state of affairs and was in the company of people know what I'm talking about. Even some of the black characters are a bunny (junglebunny) a big bear and a fox. One of the most accusatory and disgusting racist characters is a dirty policeman from Harlem, who is hot on the trail of these "dirty" after the death of a policeman. But for him, it's not just business. Neither the other brothers carry the shield. It's just the sadistic racist pleasure of wounding blacks. The sequence involving the Godfather and his lady is one of the most moving parts of the whole movie, many of which are many. It plays as a work or ballet. Promotional Line: WARNING: "This movie offends everyone!" This is not just hype. Continue with extreme caution. <br /> <br /> You have been warned ... by Dane Youssef
