Coonskin could be my favorite movie, Ralph Bakshi. Like the best work, he is in front and not ashamed of it for a second, but unlike some of the other work (even when he is the best before and after Coonskin with Heavy Traffic and Wizards ) is not at all unequal, despite appearances to the contrary. Bakshi, of course, takes stereotypes and perceptions about the race, but in addition he does what seems to be a free exploitation film; Near blaxploitation, although Bakshi does not just stop there. If it was only a blueprint with inventive animation, it would be enough for a substantial trait. But Bakshi's goals are bigger: throwing these grotesque and exaggerated images of not only blacks but also Italians / Mafios, homosexuals, Jews, and New York genres in the Manhattan urban neighborhood in the 70's realistic. The most common creation depicted in the "true" search is, in fact, a naked woman painted in red, white and blue. In the mockery of these stereotypes and conventions and horrific forms of racism (that is, "tar" - joke, child "joke, yes joke, plus black face), we look at abstraction to a great degree. And best, Bakshi is not take too seriously, unlike Spike Lee, with a movie like Bamboozled, to convey his message. That's why, for the most part, Coonskin is a hilarious work, where some of the pictures and things made and suddenly overturned and, of course, scenes of strange behavior (I liked the scene where the three real characters are animated by the real white couple in life and in the dress, as if they look "colored" and the like), there is too much to laugh at. It's not just the image, which is incredibly "over-built, but the script is sharp, and this is the key to Bakshi this time considering it has a fairly coherent narrative to craft in improvisation and insanity. <br /> <br /> Folos at first the live action, then the animation and then a highly intelligent match of the two (ironically, what Bakshi later made in commercial form with Cool World is here at a T with less money and Pappy and Randy waiting in front of a prison wall for a friend to escape and Pappy tells about the story of Brother Rabbit, who, along with the bear brother and priest Fox, go to Harlem and become high-sticks with a rabbit in direct opposition to a character Jabba-Hut-esquire Godfather. This is obviously a take off on Song of the South with the intention of Happy-Go-lucky and the plot and animation here taken out and shown for how rotten and offensive it really is. But Bakshi goes for a break in the combination of forms; animated characters are behind and move alongside live action environments; when violence, gunfire and fights are taking place, is as bloody as in 1975; when a dirty policeman is at a bar and is drugged and put in black and dress, he moves in a way that Disney could not reach with Dumbo; a boxing match with Brother Bear and an opponent as a climax is filmed in wild motion; the archive of movies comes from time to time with old movies, some and some of the 20's that are just tasteful. Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick or, more recently, South Park, Coxskin's Bakshi works as the first entertainment and then the second-thought-provoking. It is also a bold, independent film; everything from time to time, and endlessly deformed drawings of the characters (all based on the theme of the play) all serve in the scenario where B-film's plot opens a lot more for interpretation. To call a racist loses the point; resembles the pro-atomic disorder of Dr. Strangelove or the state of the Confederate States of America for slavery. And, for me, it's one of the best satires ever made.
