After watching Song of the South for Walt Disney on myspace, I decided to follow Ralph Bakshi's response to that movie - Coonskin-on Afro Video that we linked to Google Video. This year, during the live action sequences, Preacherman (Charles Gordone) takes his friend Sampson (Barry White) with him to pick up Pappy (Scatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas years before adding Michael to his name professional intermediary) because the last two escapes from prison. During his attempt, Pappy tells Randy a story about Brother Rabbit (Thomas's voice), bear brother (White) and Fox (Gordone) and their adventures in Harlem. As expected in many of these Bakshi efforts, there is a combination of live animation and action that provides a unique point of view for the writer / director who is sure to offend some people. Another fascinating animated character is Miss America, who is a great woman - like giant in any way - a white blond white woman dressed in stars and red, white and blue striped stripes that has a small black man and shot him in one of the most violent sexual paths that has been amusing to me! There are plenty of such scenes sprinkled across the picture, of which another on Brother Bear's front anatomy has also offered me great rashes. There is also a segment of a woman who told the child that she was a "beetle" with whom she was a friend with whom she left, touching that side that seemed to be a homage to comic artist George Herriman. I was also fascinated by hearing Grover Washington Jr.'s version of "There is no sunshine" that I heard as part of the score. The most convincing part of the image was to see the scatman himself with his head in silhouette during the lending sequence that sings and scribbles into a song that makes him use the N-word in a satirical way. When I saw a VHS coverage of this film years ago, Rabbit described how insolently what Warner seemed to be, with the slogan "This film will offend TOETE." This is a great warning to anyone who thinks that all cartoons are intended for children. That being said, I definitely recommend Coonskin to Bakshi fans and any kind of animation.
