An amazing achievement takes place when a phenomenon occurs! Do it, the goblins leave, confessing a robbery, a hurricane that devastating is nothing in its way, or any other spectacular event! However, with the Maclean family, revelation was something that was not more complex than in everyday life. Monta at the beginning of the twentieth century was a harsh and tumultuous environment ... The Maclean family was made up of four people, the father, a minister, who was ideologically led to raise his family properly. His wife was God-fearing and faithful. The two boys were, okay ... BUMBLE! ... What else can you say? ... Brad Pitt starred in this movie before it really is THE !! Brad Pitt and his performance in this movie was, at least, remarkable! .. His brother, Norman, was the brain type, was touched by authentic emotions and motivated by a set of values ​​that Missoula, Montana have agreed! Paul (Brad Pitt) was an offset defect and lived on the edge ... You would think that Montana did not have such a thing in the 1920s, but somehow gambling, drinking, and violence were just as bad part of Paul, like a fly fishing rod! Flying fish!! I said this? Parenthetic, this was the core of this movie! The recreation of the fly fishing served as a cohesive bond that homogenized the related spirits of the Maclean brothers and, to a lesser extent, the father! I would describe the role of this film as incredibly credible and the cinema has overcome the sensation. Put it this way, anyone who sees this movie will want to live in Montana. The unforgettable filmography of the mountains and blue blues captured the youngsters and the effervescence that the Maclean brothers had for life ... Rarely from the film, confessed by the feelings immediately invoking an embarrassed tenacity to accomplish what is possible that someone wants to achieve it. The Maclean brothers have lived to the fullest; better or worse, the father knew that this would be the only way the two could become men ... Robert Redford directs this film and tells about Maclean through the larger brother Norman's perspective ... Norman gets a position at the University from Chicago at the age of 26 and marries the woman she will always love ... What this film looks like is that the younger brother Paul has achieved an achievement of his own, being the symbol of a fisherman outstanding flight! The most wild part of life predominates in the existence of the younger brother and exerts an insidious form of consternation for the Maclean family! Because of the most human shortcomings, the Maclean family made the light of turbulent water (literally) and therefore set the unit as a family by putting the necessary blinds on! The end of the movie, The Runs Through It, presents an epigram of life through the eyes of the older brother. For Norman Maclean, stoicism is a prerequisite for perseverance in his emeritus! Such a fate is largely due to the fact that reflecting on his life is equivalent to the desire for the people who died! The pleasant memories of his brother, his wife, his mother and his father must now be seen philosophically! For Norman, his life has been demoted to stubborn facts that have led him to his dubious vision and precarious determination! Something as simple as saying, "This was your life and that's how you lived it," is a grim remembrance of the joy, pain, regrets and love it gave, and was the recipient! Best placed in the last sermon his father heard, his father said: "We can love someone completely without fully understanding them." Whether you agree with what happened in your life or not, it still happened! Norman Maclean must understand that his life was fragmented by misunderstandings! Norman Maclean has become a descendant octogenarian that is polarized by virtual conclusions to his life! The troubled waters of Montana's scenic rivers serve as a vicious and desolate finish to its years on earth! Undoubtedly, the very prolific statement of "what seems complicated is really very simple" has a very grim message in this movie ... More simply said ... The people and places that were important in Norman's life are now just sweet memory ... just a painful rumor of events that are aggravated by the haunted waters of Montana's beautiful rivers and rivers ... Which, for the entire Maclean family, "all things merge into one and a river passes through it "
