There's a murderer's legion of Mick Garris, who feels he can not lead a horror movie if he should. And, SLEEPWALKERS (the script written by Stephen King) is often used as an example in this regard. I like SLEEPWALKERS, though I know that Garris just says "F" and lets all hell lose about fifteen minutes in the movie. Forget the character or plot of development that needs them anyway. It is the violent chaos and the bloody massacre as a pair of mothers and son of sleepwalks (creatures that form human felines that suck the force of life from innocent feminine spirits, move from city to town, live a nomadic existence, truly strong) the eyes of a teenager who does not surrender without a fight. First of all it is said and done, many will be sacrificed because a mother will not tolerate the possible death of her beloved son. Garris does not waste too much time to set up those who are going to be executed, as a professor (Glenn Shadix), suspecting that it would be the handsome American Charles Brady (Brian Krause) to be someone very different from the one he he claims, takes his hand and his neck torn. Charles attracts enough virgins in his arms, attracting his energy, in turn "nourishing" his hungry mother, Mary (Alice Krige). The fresh objective is Tanya Robertson (Mädchen Amick), and she seems to be light meals, but this will not be the case and when Charles is injured in a fight (thanks to a Clovis deputy), Mary's revenge will be picked all those who make their way. Mary, come hell or high-water, he will recover Tanya in order to "rebuild" his dead son. Like many teens, I had a passion for some actresses that I watched in the movies. Like Amy Dolenz, I was hit with Mädchen Amick. It's just adorable in this movie and I like biting her lower lip, showing an obvious attraction to Charles, who does not know about his later motives. I only knew Mädchen Amick was destined to be a screaming queen, but that would not be the case. Too bad because I'd have it with my arms open. Krige is a delicious little girl as a threatening, sexy, but vicious and average woman who wipes out a whole police force and poor Tanya's parents in one shot in less than ten minutes. Fight someone in the back with a corncob! He bites his fingers from the poor Ron Perlman, before breaking his arm (a prominent bone), knocking him unconsciously with his elbow! She toss Tanya's mother through a window after she broke a vase of roses over her father's face! A deputy is stabbed in the ear by Charles (Cop-kebab!), Who falls on the pencil for an extra impact. Poor Tanya is dragged by her hair home by Mary, led to Brady's house and forced into a dance impregnated with the monster exploded! The sheriff is thrown on a stone fence and we see how cats fight sleepwalking as opposed to humans. We see that Mary and Charles's skills "diminish" themselves and their car, using an invisible power. Writer Stephen King finds time to include his horror film friends and directors in a scene of the crime scene, with Clive Barker and Tobe Hooper as forensic officers, Joe Dante and John Landis as photo experts. shot in a clear manner, let-all-you-tell it, music that dips properly this technique at home. It's about ultra-simple violence, an upset behavior, and a black humor of the jet, which compliments Garris' direction and King's scenario. The incestuous angle of somnambulism is a bit offensive and in front of you. Without a deception of complexity, this is closer to King's own dementia, MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE than to his more serious work.
