Batman and Superman. Iconic. The best part of the old century. Who does not know about these two? There have to be countless fans who would die to make a movie about them. Sandy Collora went ahead and put together a trailer for such a movie (which does not exist and is not created, much less by this team). Maybe what happens most to him is how polished it is. Over time, cinema is solid. Editing is spot-on. Production values, even with costumes that resemble their comic counterparts rather than feature films, are quite large. Looks pretty "Hollywood," this trailer. Physical types fit, as far as I can tell, to each character. Lines are reasonably written. The photos are well thought out, well done and quite efficient. However, it has problems and, despite the fact that it looks good, does not fit well enough with Grayson's energy and skill (which only had the problem of turning too far back and forth between a short and a trailer, as well as as endless passion that leads to the inclusion of too many characters and ideas). The actor is probably the most obvious. It's not good. Even some of those who have only one line and / or do not appear at all on the screen manage to fail to deliver good performance. The actors in the parts seem to have been chosen more for how much they look like the characters they play than their talent. Then is the writing. Indeed, the plot, well, what tiny amount exists (this team and this team, something about a bad plot ...) is fine. There is a problem in characterization. While most of the characters seem to fit, "Two-Face" is as good as a cock crazy (which is pretty simple, as far as I understand, not what the character is) as it was in Batman Forever, your portrayal of any element of the Batman universe in comparison to Joel Schumacher's efforts can be considered the biggest insult to a fan. Also, putting that character in this direction will make comparisons between this trailer and the movie (honestly, Collora asks for it with such a similar initial discovery) and, let's face it, loses in every respect . Michael Antonik does not really have Tommy Lee Jones on the screen, and makeup (which, in the revelation mentioned above, is essential) is not as strong as the movie (whether or not it was good in the movie is another matter). The sad thing is that Fiorella (John, who created Grayson) seems to be much more in the comic strip and bring them, their depth, better (not to mention having more ability to come up with a Grayson had enough material for half a dozen feature films or more), Collora seems to be the one who has access to funds and the one who is more likely to have contacts (due to the fact that he has non- indie in his filmography) have a chance to make a real trait feature. I intend to look at Collora's other activity. But Fiorella is one of the two whose works I will be most interested in. I recommend this to the characters' fans. 7/10
