I'll say this to start with: ... Why, oh, why, WB can not do what these short directors do? Sandy is obviously an amazing director and deserves credit from WB and DC. But I suspect they have been put on edge when a man with a $ 12,000 budget can make a fan of the superhero drop. The best movie in the world is one of the best short films I've ever seen, Trailer or not. I think choosing a bodybuilder (Mike O'Hearn) to play Superman was a choice of genius. To deal with people, Superman is not a super-model. It can be nice, but a GQ Stud is not. And I do not know what Major has said with some comments on top of me, but Superman is actually pretty good (did you ever read a Superman comic?). I think this fact just makes me stand up ... It seems to be an obvious choice to get someone with a real muscle mass to play a superhero, rather than a pretty face. The same thing for Batman, Bartram is in incredible form and an excellent Batman ... I do not know boys ... If they are given a bigger budget and their own movie ... I think Bale and Bartram would be Neck and Neck. Bottom Line, This is one of the few of the few superheroic movies with actors that really look at the side. The actor is pretty pretty, too. I do not know what everybody is talking about, O'Hearn is not that bad. It's overwhelmingly convincing that Superman and Bartram ... Well, he's Batman. I mean, come in, this movie had a budget of $ 12,000, what did you expect? All the others are great, except that Two-Face seems to be louder than usual ... But hey, we only have Tommy-Lee Jones as a reference. Oh, Lois is pretty hot too. SFX are sweet and sweet. I mean, seeing Superman raises his car ... MAN, how cool this is. In addition to Grayson's "Tank" scene, maybe I should put it higher, since Mike actually looks like it's flying and it's easy. Flight sequences left something to be desired, but once again, with a larger budget ... Oh, and even used a Batmobile! (Probably a model, but it seemed convincing). <br /> <br /> Overall, the only drop in this trailer was the lack of a serious budget. And WB refuses to admit that Collora is a credible director and must be a kind of Project ... But no, they (like most Marvel projects) will continue to get these hackers executives that do not look almost for fans and for what interests them, and keep them. Thank God that Superman Returns was a hit, or that it would have been his end. World's Finest is great, and in my book, Superhero is considered.
