"World's Finest" is a unique project. It's a trailer for a Superman / Batman crossover movie that does not exist and will not exist, at least not in this form, with these characters, actors and the plot line. a big whistle, even more than daily real-life movie trailers. The trailer will make you all without anything. In this sense, I really did not like this short project. When you look at this trailer it makes you hungry and excited for more and sad at the same time - and maybe you will be cheated afterwards when it turns out that a long-lasting movie of this trailer will never exist at all. How much makes you wonder why this project was done first. Sure enough to show Sandy Collora's abilities, but he could not have done that with a real short movie, just like his previous "Batman: Dead End" movie. But when you have to judge this short for what it is, so from a technical point of view, it is a very good one. It's a great and much more professional look than you might expect at first, although people who have already seen Batman: Dead End will already know better than expecting a short set of cardboard, cheap costumes, rate by actors. The short is not constantly impressive and, of course, the budget has not been raised, but it is largely impressive and professional, with beautiful costumes, sets, special effects, cinema and lighting. the short has a quick and regular trailer built, probably too few too many pictures can be found completely credible, but hey, it works well for the trailer style. It has some impressive photos, but a few pairs of blades, especially the Superman flight sequences. It was obvious that the guy was sitting on a moving car with a camera pointing at him from an angle below. I even found something quite ridiculous to follow. But indeed, better and more spectacular moments compensate for this. Michael O'Hearn seemed a pretty good Superman / Clark Kent, though obviously he is not the greatest talented actor around. Clark Bartram repeats the role of Batman again and Kurt Carley looked like a wonderful Lex Luthor. The rest of the distribution also served its purpose quite well. It is especially interesting to watch this short after the recent modern interpretations of the two main superheroes of this film in "Batman Begins" and "Superman Returns". It is interesting to compare the style and treatment of the character of those films with it. It's actually amazing and fun to hear how much Kurt Carley sounds like Kevin Spacey, the actor who played Lex Luthor in "Superman Returns." It's a beautiful and well-built and built trailer, yet it makes you hungry for more, even if you know there will be no more. Whatever happened to Waner Bros., is he planning to create a full length Superman / Batman? I thought the evolutions were in progress for him a few years ago, but nothing has been heard of since then. Instead, two new separate Batman and Superman films were made; "Batman Begins" and "Superman Returns". <br /> <br /> 7/10
