When John Wayne filmed the story of Alamo, he built a complete set of Alamo in the city of Brackettsville, Texas, which is still there and quite tourist attraction. As long as things stand, we will have a set for future Alamo screen performances. Such a thing with Dennis Quaid and Billy Bob Thornton was done this century. But I'd say that Alamo: Thirteen days to glory is the best Alamo story I've ever seen. John Wayne's film is a good one if it's too much, but it's a John Wayne movie with a redone story to fill up John Wayne's screen character. Brian Keith plays Davy Crockett here and offers a wonderful interpretation of his role as a border character. It's much closer to Professor Lon Tinkle's book about The Alamo than the Wayne movie and who read the book of the past years can prove it. Tinkle's book is mentioned as a source in both films, but Tinkle, who was alive when Wayne was made and was not pleased with the outcome. Alec Baldwin was at the age of young William Barrett Travis, the idealist fighter of freedom, incidentally, a slave owner. Today no one has seen the ironic contradiction in this respect. One thing that was not explored and which was not, was Travis's hyperactive transmission. He was Casanova from the southwest, he even kept a diary of his libidinal conquests. But the man who always takes the paint is Jim Bowie, played here by James Arness. He was a hero to the Alamo to be sure, but his career in front of Alamo was that of a bastard. He was a smuggling smuggler, a slave trader, a landowner with a questionable title. But his heroic death certainly redeemed him. No indication of this is in the portrayal of Arness or the others I've seen Bowie on the screen. And, of course, he designed the Bowie knife, according to his specifications. This man needed such a weapon. However, the main thing that Alamo: Thirteen days to glory is a heartfelt portrait of Antonio De Lopez The Santa Anna, the President of Mexico who comes personally put down the rebellion provoked by the North American Americans who came to settle in Texas at the Mexican invitation. Unfortunately, these Americans came up with some preconceived notions of freedom that just did not do so far south, at least freedom for the white people. River Julia interprets Santa Anna, who remains a more controversial figure in Mexican history. He was also quite a villain, but he was the best Mexican product until a real reformer named Benito Juarez appeared. This movie was Lorne Greene's farewell performance, which appears briefly as General Sam Houston. Greene is not really my conception of Houston, it was really too old for the party, Houston was in the early 1940s in 1836, was not yet the patriarch of Texas. But, within the limits imposed by him, Greene does a good job. For a romantic story of the Alamo story, see the version of John Wayne, but for historical content I recommend this movie a lot.
