Being a fan of genre, a 80s child and a hard rock fan ... this movie has a special place in my heart. It has everything you may want in a supernatural movie: action, special special effects (for 1986) and a glam rock soundtrack. It was definitely the movie for all heavy metal fans of that time. I did not see this at the cinema, because it was never released theatrically here ... but the popularity of the film from the mid to late eighties ensured its cult status and eventually led to the launch a DVD (sad, mediocre) in 2002. If you're not a fan of scary movies or rock music, then it probably is not a cup of tea ... but, believe me, there are worse movies of this guy there. and, ridiculously ridiculous, Trick or Treat is certainly a joyful riff over the usual horror rate. You will never look at the stereo in the same way again. Or should I say MP3 player? TRICK OR TREATED TRIVIA - Marc Price (Eddie) played geeky Skippy Handelman on comedy comedy comedy comedy "family ties." After a series of direct-to-video flops, including "Little Devils," "Killler Tomatoes eat France," and "The Rescue," she gave up acting for a stand-up comedy. Recently, he was considering a TV comeback. Glen Morgan (Roger) is now a great Hollywood producer / screenwriter. He has written and produced several important movies and TV series, including: "Space: Above and Beyond"; "The Final Destination of X Files" "Jet Li's One''Willard" and the latest "Final Destination 3". <Tony Fields (Sammi) started her dancing career on the TV series "Solid Gold". He appeared in several low-budget films and TV shows before taking the role of the evil Sammi Curr in Trick or Treat. Unfortunately, Tony died on February 27, 1995, of AIDS-associated cancer. Doug Savant (Tim) is probably best remembered for his pioneering role as Matt Fielding's Twentysomething Homosexual on the popular sitcom Melrose Place. Since then he has had a long and varied acting career, appearing in such films and television series as: "The One''Godzilla''CSI: Crime Scene Investigation" and short series Joss Whedon, SF "Firefly" . Currently, he can be seen as Tom Scavo in the hit series "Desperate Housewives".
