I've heard about this movie when you watch VH1's "100 Most Moments Metal." On the segment, Gene Simmons (who played a cameo) and several other interviewees discussed how terrible this movie is. Unlike most people, I'm often more curious to check on movies that have a reputation for being ridiculously bad, for example, a masterpiece of cinema. The advantage of having such attitudes is half the moment I find that movies are not as bad as people and I have enjoyed them much more than I originally expected. That was my experience with "Trick or Treat". Now it's hard to make a movie about a teenager who receives messages from a hard-dead metal star, playing one of his retrospective recordings, without people beating the premise. Sure, it is certainly a strange premise, but one that has never been done before! Give Pete manufacturers original points of origin! If you're looking to buy the DVD without previous film knowledge, do not be fooled into thinking that Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are the stars. Still, although Simmons has a novel role, Ozzy has a funny cameo as the Reverend (who is right, a reverend!), Who Speaks Against Heavy Metal. First of all, it's fun to see Ozzy with short hair. And for another thing, you can not laugh at irony. Sure, it's a cheap, but effective one. The actor is pretty good. I found convincing performance. Teenage characters are terribly clichéed. Expect usually the range of jocks and nerds. And as in each of these films, a cute girl is a decent person who has sympathy for the main character alienated, but continues to go out with his jock boyfriend. Why is he leaving with such a bastard in the first place? Because the parcel needs an obstacle. No other reason. But I can not deny that one of my guilty pleasures is to see how the robberies of evil in these films come down from when I was a high school high school. The film has kept my interest for the most part, but the third act is far too conventional and they have led me to change my mind, because there is a predictable situation after another. But the whole movie is not bad at all and it's worth watching on a rainy day. (7 of 10)
