Undoubtedly, the best metal element of heavy metal in the 1980s, which of course does not sound too much, considering how often there are many other entrances to this weird sub-genre such as Hard Rock Zombies , Blood Tracks, "Terror on Tour", and especially the blind Jon-Mikl Thor with the role of "Rock'n'Roll Nightmare". Beyond that, it still deserves props to underestimate the excessive and useless use of special flashy f / x razzle-dazzle in favor of focusing on high school adolescents characters that are described with greater acuity and plausibility than the norm for a frightening teenager. In addition, the film's sardonic parody reached both ridiculously ridiculously overburdened 80 heavy heavy metal and the ruined bad luck of the conservative murderers who claimed the devil's music was very intelligent and the funny money (the famous Greed Decade heavy metal god Ozzy Oscarne has a bit of hilarity as an anti-metal television evangelist!) Marc Price ("The Craves of Family") offers a surprisingly strong and winning performance like Eddie "Ragman" Weinbauer , a passionate, socially weird and severely persecuted metal heavy metal who is constantly chosen by the stingy thugs who make up the majority of the students' body at Lakeridge High School (the cruel and horrifying spirit of high school students is with a painful, credible precision ). Eddie's life turns bad when his rock idol, Sammi Curr (an impressive portrait hit by Tony Fields), loses in a fire at the hotel. The local shock jockey Nuke (KISS companion, Gene Simmons, in a cool cameo) joins Eddie with Sammi's final album, which, when playing back, revives Curr's evil evil spirit from the dead. Sammy encourages Eddie to put all those who do the poor, making Eddie's poor living proverbial life alive, just to have a gentle Eddie prove to be the most reluctant possible accomplice. It's up to Eddie, assisted by the beautiful fantasy Leslie Graham (similar to the one written by the beautiful Lisa Orgolini) to stop Sammi before things get too out of her hands. Ability directed with awe-inspiring thoughtful sensitivity by actor Charles Martin Smith (who also appears briefly as a school teacher) written by Michael S. Murphy, Joel Soisson and Rhet Topham and acted in a uniform manner with a handful of "jumping" moments (a scandalous attack behind a car by a lethal grotesque reward of long mutants), a "Carrie" dancing slaughtering sequence using Halloween setting, revenge being fairly portrayed as a business with really ugly and a solid central message that you should not make a private person over-hyped your hero strictly because of the anti-establishment calculation, that special status.
