The best film about the Battle of San Antonio, Texas, in March 1836, was John Wayne's 1960s THE ALAMO. In one job as a director producer who temporarily linked him financially, Wayne demonstrated he was talented in films, beyond his ability to play the role of icons, personifying the West. in a review last night, and I pointed out that Wayne and James Edward Grant (the screenwriter) have approached some points that have just been mentioned in previous movies about the fight. They brought the issue of slavery. They also discussed the contribution of Mexican landowner Juan Seguin as an important leader in the war for independence alongside Crockett, Bowie, Travis, Austin and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there was only one weakness (though well hidden) in the movie. Wayne has worked hard to throw him properly, thinking of many people for his lead role in it. But he did not properly deal with the leader of the enemy forces, General Antonio De Santa Anna. The role was played by an obscure actor, Ruben Padilla (on this forum his thread shows only three credits listed). Padilla did not have any dialogue talk (even in Spanish). And while he has one of the last photos in the film, he is shown as a silent tyrant, noting the burning of the bodies of the Americans and their allies. In spite of several weak choices in (ALAMO: THREE DAYS FOR CLORI), it is the best film in which he showed the man who was (from 1836 to 1854) a high-speed thrower for American decision-makers. River Julia was a wonderful stage actor. I was lucky to see him in a production (in the late 1980s) of Manhattan weapons and man as Sergei. He was never boring and usually primarily in his action. Here we see the selfish monster at the worst thing. Nothing is acceptable that does not match the wishes or activities of Santa Anna. It may be the failure of an orderly person in the army to bring something he asked quickly enough, or it may be the temerity of these "foreign burgers" (as the Americans saw) not to collide with himself, Napoleon Occident. Santa Anna served as president of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855. He claimed to have been involved first in overthrowing a president because that president did not respect the constitution of the country but the power prevented him from going year after year. It is a sad comment that it was the most important Mexican historical figure in the two decades. No political figure or military figure would stand up to him until Benito Juarez did it in the late 1850s. He initially claimed great liberal ideals, but he once recognized that people in Mexico were children who had they need guidance a hundred years before they can dominate (and so it sounds like Gilbert Roland in CRISIS talking about the people he helped lead against Jose Ferrer). The amazing thing about him was that he managed to come back. His policy was disaster. While we know about his attack on Texas (to make a revolt there), he also tried to expand into Guatamala (and probably seen controlling much of Central America). He won at Alamo, but with great prize money. His massacre at Fannin's Coliad at Goliad was inexplicable (a case of destroying the Alamo defenters who fought to the end, but Fannin surrendered). Then came the disaster at San Jacinto, where his army was erased (did not take the appropriate precautions to oversee US troops). He was captured, humiliated and forced to sign a surrender of Texas. Houston was good to him: the troops wanted to gather him. Except for the loss of a leg in a battle against the French in 1838, he managed not to get hurt in most of his wars. He rejected the forced surrender of Texas, but could not distract him in a military manner. Instead, he will lead Mexico in defeat in the 1846-48 war against the Americans, leading to the Mexican Session. The United States was "fairly decent" to pay Mexico $ 15 million for the Southwest, but Mexico lost half of its territory. He was president for the last time in 1853, in time to give the terrible evil government to Franklin Pierce, is a moment of glory - Santa Anna sold the border of Arizona and New Mexico ("Gadsden Purchase") to the US No other Mexican president (not even Porfirio Diaz) did not cost his country so much (Diaz sold foreign business interests, but he built Mexico's economic muses). He was exiled in 1855 and settled in Staten Island. There he managed to do his most creative work: he introduced chicle into the US. and became chewing gum. Some achievements! <br /> <br /> Julia's Santa Anna is younger than the cynic practiced and the schemer who has become America's best land acquisition agent. He will not stand the opposition and he jumps in a moment of rage. Most of the time, his principal deputy, Col. Negru (David Ogden Stiers, here a British born officer) keeps his tongue - he does not want to be in front of a burning team as it may be. But Stiers is secretly less than delighted by his boss. At the end, when he is alone with the new widow's wives of the dead Alamo Defenders, Stiers suggests they tell the world what Santa Anna really is. And they did it!
