How many times and when I said that if people do not want remakes or sequels, they should never see and venture into the world of independent film. He said that, though, the last time I saw an independent film, it must have been easy six months ago. So here is a review for an indie that I had the attention I drew on Youtube; Cure. Immediately, you can say that the film is going for an avant-garde film approach, which is telegraphed into extreme ear use, scopophilia, and fast editing. He is proud of the way he looks - and he has the right to be. For the most part, it is a very composed piece, except for an unexplained ignorance of the 180-degree rule and a bad comic warfare effect, which is a phenomenon that seems to be the business card for self-funded projects. <br /> <br /> However, despite these amateur mistakes, most photos are actually a pleasure to look. We are presented with a good use of props and locations, a good visual action, and a very fluid and fluid editing that is made more commendable, as this is certainly something you will not see very often from a YouTube referral . The plot is fragmented and although the basic premise is quite simple, some might find it difficult to follow exactly what is happening, but what we see here is the avant-garde story at work; you can not really expect a direct structure of three acts and if you may not be ready for this type of movie. If the film is, unfortunately, disappointed, yet the sound. What you will hear over time is a distorted voice that often sounds unhealthy, and worse still is background music that goes through minimal changes and does not add much to anything. So much attention is paid to images that the sound sounds to be neglected, and this really becomes apparent when you realize that you have just lost almost four sentences of the narrative, and you have to withdraw to pick up what has passed your attention. > <br /> So give it a watch, but do it with the sound off. <br /> <br /> Last thought; was someone else reminded of the cover for Doug Naylor's novel, "The Last Man," from the beginning of the movie? If you have the book, you know what I mean.
