Often Mistaken for Zabriskie Point's meaning is Antonioni's political film, Antonioni's American film. From a stylistic point of view, it is followed by "Blow-Up," which means that rhythm is faster than previous episodes, certainly not less idiosyncratic. In principle, the common mistake is that the film glorifies the hippie generation. It's not like that. The two protagonists come from very different environments. It marks the young "rebels," Daria from a real estate agency. But, in Antonioni's real way, both are alienated, both trying to escape their surroundings. Mark leaves a rebellious student meeting and Panthers Black disappointed with verbose rhetoric, while Daria keeps on moving with her car. Antionioni, the master-director, after portraying the revolting youth as confusing and little, then moves to the city. An environment saturated by corporatism, panel ads, meaningless, which must continue to expand to allow for a similar expansion of the population, generating a profit at the same time. This is the context in which the two protagonists evict, although they seem largely coincidental. Indeed, when Daria stops by a small village in the desert periphery, the environment is just as suffocating, and the people as lost, best exemplified by an old boxing champion, now reduced to a shadow of himself , sitting around drinking and smoking and talking nonsense. An amazing sequence of melancholy, made even more powerful by the inclusion of wild half-children living around them brought by a "benefactor," but "destroying a genuine piece of American history." In an unusual symbolism, there is Antonioni's opinion of the hippie. Just a half-positive look in the canvas of human alienation. And then there is the desert, the usual landscape with devastating effect, pure and terrifying, dangerous, wild and dead. The succession in which the two protagonists make love, "gathered" in fantasy by the "flower" generation, reflects the similar sequence in the "Red Desert" where Giuliana tells his son a story. It's a colorful break in a colorless landscape. A half fantasy lives in a suffocating reality. The end probably belongs to the pantheon of great finale in cinematography, the western civilization blown into pieces. A catharsis, an exorcism. The two "international" movies of Antionioni (British "Blow-Up" and "Zabriskie Point") are less effort than previous masterpieces, faster rhythm and controversial inevitably settings (cradle London, America's Flower Power). But when it comes to it, it is clear that it has not lost the edge.
