I have to admit that it has always been difficult for me to see Antonioni from start to finish on the first attempt, and even for him, I have come to see him in three parts repeatedly. Finally, I realized that maybe it was better because they forced me to stop thinking in common terms and to enjoy the scenes one by one. <br /> <br /> The first part seems much more fragmentary, which is not a bad thing, but just more effort to follow. When it reaches the scenes of the desert, all efforts are reimbursed in its entirety. The amazing film is just a part of it, which makes it really unforgettable how the landscape is made in an overwhelming presence, its silence and its magnitude, the feeling of sadness and freedom, the way it combines and contrasts with those two young characters. The desert is dead, but at the same time it feels less distant and alien than the urban scenes in the first part. Dance between the flying plane and the car's car makes for a series of great shots. The scenes of love in the desert are simply beautiful, it is hard to imagine such an approach from a movie of our time. There is, of course, something very stylish and studied about them, but at the same time they manage to express a sense of natural, spontaneous innocence, which is very rare these days. Everything feels weak and unspoken (thanks to undervalued attitude), but this is the result of a manic attention to detail and shape, which reaches the climax of the series of explosions at the end, a truly fascinating show. It leaves you amazed. I am not really interested in some common objections: boring - well, yes, it is if you want all the movies to follow a classic partial development and be wrapped up with overturning action, but if the whole cinema was like that, it would be really boring and sad; pretentious - perhaps, but when this ambition is coupled with abilities, depth and style, the pretense is a compliment. The "political" criticism has the least meaning for me, I do not see the point of approaching such a film with ideological blindness or worse patriotic demands. Simply defeat the purpose. Perhaps it is true that, as noted by a previous commentator, Antonioni saw these young "hippies" and the politics of protests and riots with the police, with the fascination of a stranger, but I think that adds something rather than distract the film. It is not true that the hippies did not exist in Italy at that time (think of the protests of '68, as in France), though they were obviously different from the American counterpart and, in some respects, even more militant. But his interest in this film was not strictly political. Events seem to be a pretext for a film whose appeal is universal and endless. A special mention for the fantastic soundtrack. Among other things, this film, together with Easy Rider, is probably one of the main precursors of the contemporary music video "artsy", as well as the concept of a movie soundtrack that could stand on its own, but unlike the first, uses music in a much subtle way, mixing it with the landscape, rather than with the action. <br /> <br /> If you want a traditional narrative in a movie, then it does not bother you. If you want to be amazed, be patient and you will not regret it.
