I saw ZP when it was first released and found a major disappointment. His screenplay was forced, arched and too fake. The policy is too advanced and ridiculous. And to face this, I was still under a love spell known as BLOWUP: and I have not yet completely shaken him. Now "love" is twisted with all sorts of nostalgia that it evokes and, well. . . Good luck to me! But time marks and time was good with ZP and time was a teacher for me. I review this movie every ten years and become better and better with age. And ZP is its own "experience" and is only related to BLOWUP by its creator, late, the great Antonioni. Twelve years ago, I was fortunate enough to see an absolutely original print, designed to the right size (immense), restored by an Italian governmental cultural agency who knows a good artwork when she sees and knows the importance of maintaining such a thing of beauty in good shape. Until today, I remember my mouth from the public when the first Death Valley hit. It was like a thousand-volt visual shock that Antonioni intentionally gave him to wake us up to a new level of awareness. And indeed, what follows from this point is a kind of completely different place. What's amazing for me is how this movie comes in its own. the second time I saw her - in the early 1980s - I began to feel affection for the film as a whole and especially for Daria and Mark. Since, before these two looked like a shadowy version of Zefferelli, Olivia and Leonard (read: Romeo and Juliet), they had now engaged, in particular, The Girl, in her insistence. She took it. . . To live. Everything, everything that dies around her. At the captivating of the theater, the light of Reality's day quickly began to wipe out my new "pleasure" found. 80-year-old whirlwind field whispered "But it's a hippie fantasy --- let her go" The force of Antonioni's vision had, I realized, already worked inside my FIRST while I answered "80s" with a "Uh-Huh" and kept my "love" in my possession and jealousy. But that's what good art does in you, and if you like, has the way and "loves you" back: secret, jealous and possessive. And you've changed. He was delighted to see that Turner Classic Movies decided to present ZP in March. Undoubtedly, ZP needs to be seen on a giant screen so it can really take you to its built environment. But, sometimes, even a glimpse of a girlfriend in a newspaper photo is no better than to see at all. Today hit the reality, ZP was mysteriously withdrawn and replaced with the antics whines of ALICE'S RESTAURANT. <br /> <br /> So it's still too "difficult", too "disturbing", too "what"? Perhaps, as with all good arts, everything dies around him. <br /> <br /> Pace.
