When this film was made, the hippie thing entered the mainstream. The ideas of the counter-culture have been well established, so this film can be made so great. However, she has something to say and is very nice. Apart from those who are just waiting for the stuffy stuff, this film is given credit for its beautiful scenes (which, in itself, is more than enough reason to see the movie) by the most. The soundtrack of this movie, which has actually become more popular than the movie itself, is another addition. Pink Floyd "Attentive to that Eugene ax" fits well with explosions, the absence of music in other scenes gives the film a quiet mood. But. It seems the messages in this movie have been overlooked the most. If you have not understood this, which seems to be the case, I will give you some suggestions: Man (the hard guy, which is his name - Mark?) Is part of a "reality group". He lets this group say something like "I'm willing to die but not boredom." Later, he goes for a joyride with a stolen plane, probably to seek some action. While in the air, Grateful Dead's Dark Star (from the Live / Dead album) plays. This song contains the phrase "Let's go as we can," but this can not be heard in the movie. (Can it stretch a bit too far, which means it is essential?) On the plane, he checks a girl (Daria) who leads the car at a conference (giving the typical suburban family the chance to live in a place super-relaxing in the desert, where everything is so simple and beautiful for the whole family!), Diving down, almost hitting the car. He landed the plane and joined the girl on the way to Detroit. They stop at the Zabriskie point where they enjoy each other of living and naturelike creatures. Later, a family with a big car (the type of sleeping) and a speedboat is shown a visit to Zabriskie Point, the father saying something like "what ruins it driving all the way up here," and the child sitting in the inside of the car, grin. I felt that "it was not much better than television attitude." Daria takes Mark back to the plane that is now painted in psychedelic style, with the identity number changed to "no war" on one side and "no words" on the other. "Bucks Sucks" is also written on the plane. Mark takes the plane back to where he stole, telling Daria before leaving "Do not risk anything" or something, one of the few clues about not taking too much care of his destiny. (Because he has the feeling that the environment does not give him anything - "I wonder what's going on in the real world.") At the airport he meets with police officers who shoot him, even if he's just back on the plane. Daria hears this on the radio, but decides to go to the conference in the luxurious mansion. Here she feels alien after the adventures with her just killed friend. It enjoys fresh water that descends on a cliff, more than the pool. Inside the viewer's house is once again given a clue about anti-materialism. He peered through a glass wall, holding his hands on the glass as if caught. Business people are arguing, a party willing to do a big deal, the other afraid of losing money. Daria leaves the house and looks back at her, visualizing her in the air. After the house, several other things blow up, for example a TV. She smiles, happy to have inside her destroy what she after meeting with Mark is staring at something negative. To sum up: Mark obviously experiences the "reality group" as not being very useful because they just stand and talk without taking any action. He clearly has bad feelings about things as they are, and he seems to feel that it is not at all useful to fight against him. He wants to leave. It helps Daria, who is "in the mind but not in action" to see his point of view. If his sense of confusion proves to lead to his death, one can hope Daria uses ideas in a way that will become more constructive. In the movie, you see how a city (LA) is polluted by commercials (too bad you have to show the commercial to do that), you see business people who decide what the future is, and so on, and you see people are unhappy with these and other situations that are parts of the modern world. I saw the movie only once, so I was not able to capture all the points, but I certainly had the feeling of what this movie has to say, and it seems strange to me that this movie can be called meaningless. If you say the points are too obvious, I understand why this movie probably intended to turn to the post-hippie radicals "digging" the anti-establishment thoughts. Even so, he has a lot to say, and his message is still needed today, with things evolving pretty much in the same direction as before the sixties. Zabriskie Point is a wonderful movie, telling a story about fairly young people (not far from the hippies that get stuck around the peak on acid, digging everything) looking for what they perceive as real, dissatisfied with the conventional. And it is done in a truly beautiful way.
