I was told it was one of the movies, "whether you love it or you hate it." Well, I liked it. Obvious hippie era, dated and easy symbolism and everything. So I probably have no taste when it comes to Antonioni, but that and La Notte (made exactly a decade earlier) are my favorite among my films so far. Done two years before I was born, Zabriskie Point should have been the great American epic of Michelangelo. But it seems to have turned out to be a flop. I really do not understand why. Before watching her, I read it was pretty boring, so I prepared for a very slow film - although I liked a slow movie. For my taste, Zabriskie did not have a boring minute in it. As I watched him, I made a wonderful note of how European as a director was using billboards so often in almost all urban stairways, enormous panels that penetrate into any human form. This recurrent visual element is obviously there to emphasize how consumerism crushes the individual in American society. But then I looked right after L'Eclisse, which was established in Rome in the early 1960s, and noted that Antonioni often includes billboards. After all, the use of mastering of landscapes, architecture and inanimate objects in every frame with or without human beings is an Antonioni brand? this is precisely how he evokes the psychological states of his characters, with more or less underestimated power and a great visual impact. He is practically uninspired in this ability. Zabriskie Point played two very appealing stars, who should have become big stars in the 1970s, but never did. Mark Frechette, whom I have already seen in Francesco Rosi's well-established film, Uomini Contro, had a very tragic life and died aged just 27 years. According to his biography, he donated his income from Zabriskie to a commune. The mark of Daria Halprin, apparently Dennis Hopper's wife later, has a stunning, natural and attractive beauty of a young Ornella Muti? one of those bright beauties that do not need a piece of makeup to turn the heads. Just like Frechette, she made only a few obscure films and never became a star, but at least she did not die tragically. In particular, Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original sex scenes ever filmed - one that brings home a young playful feeling like the few that I have seen - and a strong cathartic end. Perhaps it is the most banal sequence ever filmed in its symbolism, but I do not see how one can give up her beauty and a wonderful sense of emotional release. He never had such a blast and so poetic explosion. It seems to be an explosion that restores order, rather than bringing chaos.
