There are not many times when I see a movie and I'm going "huh, what?" But that was one of them. Perhaps, after seeing Zabriskie Point, I felt the same way Woody Allen felt after seeing 2001 - she just liked the movie after seeing it three times over a two-year period, realizing that the director was before him in what was happening. Michelangelo Antonioni, in one of her few attempts to make films inside the US (after the Red Desert, made the film Blow-Up, this film, China and The Passenger, filmed outside his native Italy), I felt he tried almost learn about the ways of the country through its own mastery of the environment. The results show that he does not have the means to present images, feelings, tones, colors, sounds and a visual representation of this era. "A director's job is to be seen," Antonioni said once. Whatever that means, he does not disappoint for the admirer of his post-fifteenth work (say after fifty years, because we have not seen any of his L'Avventura films). <br /> <br /> What he lacks is a point, at least that point that Blow-Up and Eclipse can bring. You have the feeling of what is around these characters, which the themes bring to consciousness, however, in this case, the characters and the actors do not bring much conviction or purpose. Antonioni, who comes from the neo-realistic film school, does everything he can with most of the unprofessional film (those who look the most like real actors are subjugated to the roles of corporate characters), but the two stars Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin seem to be subordinate to Antonioni. Maybe it was the point. The story is divided into three acts, fortunately not too confusing, as Mark escapes his existence around the life of the dangerous campus, which takes place in the area of ​​the late '60s, and Daria is sent from LA to reach Phoenix for a business meeting. They accidentally meet as Mark's plane (how does he know how to drive, perhaps a little background information there?) And Daria's car meets and spends some time together in a sort of existence existent in the desert. Apart from a weird sexual scene, if it is bizarre, much of this act is not at all interesting. <br /> <br /> The two leaders are fair enough to look, but what attracts them excessively beyond curiosity? Ideas that appear (in part, from a Sam Shepard co-written scenario) are not too revealing, except for a brief moment when drugs vs. reality is high. Then the film moves to the third act, as Mark decides to do good in disastrous situations, and Daria gets to her boss's place, just to be disappointed (not taking the five minutes into consideration). Although the film spent the time telling the story, I did not have the same problem as when I made the story hiring only a certain spectator. I understand and feel with feelings, doubts and fears, as well as with the self-confidence of "anti-establishment," but Antonioni may not be fully aware of himself. In some scenes, the director and the editor (and Alfio Contini's often stunning film) find the landscape and background much lighter and more relaxing than the people in the foreground. Not to mention that Zabriskie Point's technical part does not imply to some extent (this may make some feel sleepy because Antonioni is probably much larger as a documentary director, being a theater director, like Francis Ford Coppola). <br /> <br /> The deserts, the sky, the city and even the faces of the close-ups are filmed with the eyes of a filmmaker loving the art of bringing things to the frame, bringing us. The soundtrack is equally impressive with a major stroke that includes a sweet song of Rolling Stones at one time, then a surprising, surrealist Pear Floyd song (taken from "Careful with that Eugene Ax, one of the best If only the performances were not so unilateral, I might find it equal to "Blow-Up" or "Eclipse." It is an unconventional blow of genius on the one hand and on on the other hand, a boring achievement of the hippie / radical movement of the late 1960s But, hey, what can be boring for an American like me born in the eighties can not be for others outside the US like that be Italy, for example, and requires not to be thrown immediately after a view.
