I know this is an unpopular position about Zabriskie Point, but I loved this movie. I know, I know - a fanatic Antonioni can legitimately be called. I like L'Avventura, I like La Notte, I like L'Eclisse, I like Red Desert, I like Blowup, and I like Professional: Reporter (alias "The Passenger"). The only Antonioni movie I do not love, the only one I ever gave less than 8/10 (and one of only three that I gave less than 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse being the other two, though I fully admit I have to see both of them again), is beyond the clouds, which can really be called a dreadful movie. However, there is no worse film if you catch my drift. So if you are not a Antonioni fan, you just have to ignore me logically. If you are even a casual fan, though, and you wonder if this particular film, whose name, when spoken, is often followed by a spitting, which is generally despised by Antonioni's admirers, is all worth see, the answer is YES. Okay, the reason people tend to hate is that 99% of film supervisors take care ONLY for the narrative of a movie. Well, it's not really true. If a movie is amazing in a certain aspect, say cinematography or cinema or direction, and just decent in its narrative, movie observers may well love it. But a movie may be the most amazing visual masterpiece and has a cruel or illogical story - another thing that has destroyed the cinema over the years: logically - then I absolutely hate the movie. I will agree with that in some respects. As much as I like and want to change my point of view, it is really difficult to love a film whose narration perceives it as poor. However, other people tend to get angry at a loose narrative. This is certainly what the viewers at the Zabriskie point must remove. I could tell you the story, but you probably think it's meaningless. It's actually for me, though, that I've just done the most fantastic and beautiful work. I would really compare favorably 2001, which is my favorite movie. However, 2001 is perfectly consistent with the impatient narrative of this film. What puts Zabriskie Point on the hook is the mood. Music helps a lot; the score includes a lot of papers of the day, including Pink Floyd. The mood is similar to the mood of Antonioni's other masterpieces, lonely and deserted. Also, the freedom that comes from this. The best sequence in the film is when the lead man and woman (her name is Daria, I know, but I do not remember the name) pull in their vehicle near a historic marker on a desert highway. There is, beyond the stone wall that was raised to prevent the car fleet, an ancient lake. It's practically a rocky desert, and the two of them are going to play in it. Setting is extremely beautiful. The woman says, "This is such a beautiful place. What do you think?" Man: "I think he's dead." There is no inclination as to whether it is a good thing or a bad thing. This is very similar to the feelings expressed in other Antonioni films - the characters are constantly willing to disappear or become invisible. Instead of David Locke, the protagonist of The Passenger, harassed by journalism, we have the young hippie sick of his friends' politics - he thinks he's talking too much and does not behave what he feels right or at least he says he does. It seems to me that he just wanted the situation. The movie is also just amazingly visual. Antonioni's films identify with only a few frames, but his visual style has always been built. I like the passenger more than I on Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point might be his final achievement in this matter. Well, it would seem weird - L'Avventura and the Red Desert are amazing. I think room moves are amazing here. Obviously, he made a ton of money on Blowup, which was the greatest artwork of the day, the biggest one ever at that time. He's spending it here, especially with aerial photographs. One of the biggest sequences of the movie involves the man who stole a man's plane, bombing Daria in the car. The only thing that can be quite criticized is the politics of the film. They are certainly light. Not that the hippies were relieved, but that Antonioni's vision of the hippie - they did not exist in Italy, of course - is bizarre and, well, filtered through the eyes of the stranger. There is a pretty childish critique of advertising, but there is a criticism that still exists today. I say, can not you ignore it? What is it hurting? Go around shopping that you do not want because of billboards? Or there is criticism of capitalism. Daria, a secretary, works for a company that steals land in the desert - the land that she and the man liked for themselves - to make cheap, suburban homes for families. Rod Taylor, a highly underestimated actor, whose most famous roles were in The Time Machine and The Birds, performs her boss. The end, which I will not destroy - you must see it - is almost offensive to inexpensive. I can, however, understand the treatment of police officers. Not that they despise them in general, but they were terrible at the time. Now I can be terrible. They have always had too much power. These arguments against the American way of life still have little influence on my opinion about the film. I'm very interested in this filtered image of America. I really do not think a hippie would have agreed with Antonioni. 10/10.
