About two hundred members of a cinema company in Cleveland, Ohio, USA, called Cinematheque, gathered on August 19, 2000 to see a cinematic film filming of 1970's "Zabriskie Point" by Michelangelo Antonioni. Cinematographic director John Ewing, who is doing a superlative job of getting the best work for his series, shared to the public beforehand that this print was made especially from Italy, because it only shows the audience. he kept brilliant when the film unfolded the artists on the huge panorama screen. Watching this gorgeous print, he showed how Antonioni intended, and realized that it was indeed a modern artwork. It was all the more appropriate that the series is housed in the Cleveland Insititue of Art in the Circle Universe. <br /> <br /> Antonioni's compositions are created for the Cinemascope landscape. Its beautiful balancing of images, the striking use of colors, choreographic movements, all are the work of an authentic artist, using the screen as a cloth. Ultimately, the public could understand the "Zabriskie Point". How the narrative broke out, it became obvious that this work is not about the story per se, but rather an impressionistic interpretation of some of the passing images of its subject. Setting up more turbulent activities in the sixties provides only a dramatic engine for the artist's collage. <br /> <br /> Antonioni is not related to conventional narrative standards and can pause at any time to creatively create an event with grandiose ornaments. The audience voluntarily traveled with the flow of his remarkable imagination, his huge images on the massive canvas taking one into attention. While the audience could only engage tangentially in character relationships, he realized that the subject is human lamentation, the recurrent theme of the director. <br /> <br /> He was also aware that no prints of any quality lower or lower than the original one in Cinemascope may be right for this particular rendering. The audience was all the more apt to see "Zabriskie Point" in its original, stunning format and burst into endless gunshot applause.
