If Saura had not done so before, Iberia would be a milestone. It is now worth including to honor a great director and a great cinematic conservator of Spanish culture, but he did much more than before, and although we can applaud the riches he has given us, we have to choose and choose the favorites 1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salomé (2002), and Tango (1998). I would choose Saura's Flamenco in 1995 as his most unique and powerful cultural document, along with Iberia's pales. Iberia is conceived as a series of interpretations of Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz's music (1860-1909) and especially the Iberia piano suite. Isaac Albéniz has been a great contributor to the outsourcing of Spanish musical culture - re-formatting it for a non-Spanish audience. He moved to France in the early thirties and was influenced by French composers. The Iberia Suite is an imaginative synthesis of popular Spanish music with styles of Liszt, Dukas and d'Indy. He traveled around compositions, which are a kind of beautiful standardization of Spanish rhythms and melodies, not as homogenized as Bolero's Ravel, but moving in that direction. Of course, the Spaniards resumed Albéniz, and in Iberia, interpreters interpret his compositions in terms of various ethnic and regional dances and styles. But the source is a thin and thin form of musical culture and Spanish dance compared to the pure Spanish flamenco. Flamenco, coming out of the Andalusian region, is a deeply felt amalgam of Guatean, Israeli-Arab and Jewish cultures. Iberia is simply the peninsula comprising Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; even the concept is more diluted. <br /> <br /> Saura's flamenco is an ethnical mix of music, singing, dancing and noble preening peacock that is the essence of Spanish style, the way a man and a woman bear pride verging on arrogance and elegance, and panache - even bull fights and torero moves are full of it - in a series of electrical sequences without introduction or conclusion; They are. Saura has always stressed his collaboration with choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In 1995, Flamenco renounced any pretext of a story and simply singers, musicians and dancers move around and start from a large sound stage with screens, screens, flats and mirrors set by Vittorio Storaro cinema, another important collaborators. The beginnings and the end of the Flamenco sequences are often serious but atmospheric, marked only by the noise and rust of mixed legs and a mixture of voices. Sometimes the movie feeds when a show ends and you see the dancer bent, sigh or laugh; or someone says something unexpectedly. In Flamenco, more than any of Saura's other musical films, the intense interaction of singers and dancers and the rhythmic bent of participating observers crying out his impulsive oil, which is the "story" and creates magic. Because Saura really did magic and maybe best when he gave up any conventional story. Iberia is in a style similar to some of Saura's purest musical films: no story, no dialogue, titles to indicate the type of song or region, starting with a pianist who plays Albeniz's music and gradually a series of dance sequences and a small singing. In flamenco music, the fundamental element is unaccompanied voice, and the voice is the most unmistakable and unique contribution to world music. It also refers to other songs from other ethnic groups, but nothing is equal to its brutal, unique, ugly and beautiful cry that defies you to do anything but listen to it with the utmost care. Then comes the stomping leg and stomping, then the dance, combined with the other elements. In Iberia there is only a flamenco song. If you love Flamenco at Saura, you will want to see Iberia, but you will be a little disappointed. The style is there; some of the big voices, dancing and music are there. But the source and conception of Iberia make it less power and make it a less rich and intense cultural experience.
