Students often ask me why I choose this version of Othello. Shakespeare's text is strongly truncated and the film contains materials that have earned him an "R" rating. I have several reasons to use this production: First of all, I did not see a description of the Moor that actually did and I agreed with Othello until I saw Fishburne play it. I saw James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer playing Othello and Iago on Broadway, and it was great. Plummer's energy was particularly noticeable. But in spite of Jone's incredible presence, physically and vocally, the character he played seemed too passive to fulfill from me a complete emotional purity in the Aristotelian sense. Jones, in fact, said what I felt when, in an interview, he noticed that he played Othello as a passive - seeing Iago as practicing. Unfortunately, this has ruined my pain for destroying character. So I felt sympathy for Jone's Death, but not the horror of his corruption by an evil man. On the contrary, Fishburne's Othello is a strong and vigorous figure familiar with taking action. Thus, Iago's temptation to actively deal with what is presented to Othello as the unbelief of his wife is a perversion of the general's positive quality of being active and not passive1. The horror of the story is that this good quality in Othello becomes perverted. Therefore, Fishburne's description is, in turn, tragic. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Fishburne is the first black actor to play Othello in a movie. Both Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins made fine film versions, but they were white men in black. 2 Why is this important? Why should a black actor be the black man on stage? 3 Of course, on Shakespeare's day they used the black face just as the boys used to make girls. Maybe then, the reason is the same. Female actors bring a special quality to female roles on the Shakespearean scene, because they best understand what Shakespeare's genius was trying to present. A talented black actor should play moth because his experience in a white-dominated culture is vital to understanding what Shakespeare's genius has admitted: the pain of being marginalized by race. An important topic in Othello is the isolation caused by racism. Although it is a mistake to introduce American racism into a Shakespearean game, there is no doubt that racism still works among the characters. Many, including Desdemon's father, believe that a union between a white Venetian Christian woman and a North African black Christian man is UNATURAL. Third, Shakespeare has never been evaluated. It never was. His scenic productions have always been strong violence and language. But Shakespeare's genius uses these elements not as a sensationalism but for artistic honesty.
