I'm pretty much in conflict. The show is, on the one hand, awful, the acting is terrible (even when we get the names of actors like Brad Pitt and Bill Moseley in one episode), the dialogue is moronic and the premise / morale of each episode feels like something high in -50 years of short education. You can not scare for a moment from any of these episodes, and the Robert Englund's cameo is short, meaningless and somewhat black-eyed by Bob Saget on America's Funniest Home Videos somehow. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this is one of the funniest things I've ever had on TV. The 80s models, the light focus makes actors look like them on the set of The View at any given time, the premise gives the material more for self-parody than for scare, so we have an episode in which a high school kid is fears that if he fails to tell his girlfriend to let him and his parents reject him, another is afraid that she will be imprisoned because she is a non-conforming mother (her husband is played by Brad Pit ), another fears that all the parents in the world are in the league against him when he runs away from home, another fears that he will be confused with his retarded twins in society, another fears that he will not divorce his mother and father will get killed to have a party at his home. The list goes on and on. Since they are dreams, I think you could look over ridiculous plot points and devices, but they are so far away from the left field that there are no opportunities for writers to actually hope for the public. You have characters dressed like something from a theme nightmare in the '80s, wandering around an evil dialogue in a very strange way and making illogical decisions that serve no other purpose than to move the story to the next odd parcel point he usually watched as a peripheral character something incomparable to a healthy person, while the main character looked aggressively and too shocked to do something about him.) If you are looking for something that scares you, you will stay away. If you look, on the other hand, for one of the funniest things going out of the 80's. Watch her. It was recently shown on Chiller TV (almost every day) and I watched earlier from morbid curiosity and now just to get a good laugh every day. With the development in arrest and exhumation in the air, this is officially the most funny on TV right now.
