I still have serious views, late night, cableless, cheap VHS from this show at waaaaaayyyy back when, late night commercials and everything, when I would stay up until what strange hour would show this show - so I could bandwagon . The series was not really about Freddy Kreuger - only the first two episodes involved him, in fact, as anything other than a reporter, Rod Serling-esquire. Instead, each episode was a distinct nightmare, using traditional horror themes about horrible childhood, dating, cannibalism, dating, money, death, meetings and ... hmm ... dating. an episode in which a teenage boy accidentally says "I will love you forever" the wrong girl and is stuck with her (literally, at least for a moment, they grow up together ...) with the one in which a young stewardess goes home with a weird man, just to find himself in his cabin, where he has a trophy room full of other stewardes, and reminds him only vaguely that he compared blind data with hockey (and with the injuries and sanctions that happen to him) the encounter was definitely the most frightening thing in the series. One episode had Jeffrey Combs (Re-Animator, etc.) as a pizza dealer motivated with a new, delicious, secret ingredient. Not original but still creepy and fun .... Even so, some of the episodes were wonderful. My personal favorite was "It's a miserable life," in which a young man is caught up in his parents' burger community when he wants to go to college. Stuck talking to himself and making small puppet shows with old cheeseburgers - until late at night, when a strange guy comes through unity and suddenly, his life is not the same. No, not Freddy, just a bully with a gun - proves that the whole episode that breathes in the mind is just that - the last thoughts that go through the baby's head ... along with a bullet. the second half of the same episode (many of Freddie's nightmare episodes were, in essence, two short short stories), followed by his girlfriend who was injured but was not killed in the car and was taken to the hospital "- clutches in all nightmare clichés of hospitals, and then some - accidentally sewn - or waking up during an operation - to try your dead friend and lure you in the morgue for a little wax /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Once again, that was my favorite. Some of the episodes were much stranger, such as MORE FOLLOWED WERE FURNISHED ON THE VIDEO.It put the angry ones as showcases, and then no one likes it, thinks the show is tired and then I do not put it on the video. It's a miserable life is only available on DVD chip in England - but I still will buy it.
