"Home Room", such as "Zero Day" and "Elephant", was inspired by the recent hit of school. But unlike the other two films, "Home Room" focuses on two survivors (not the ones killed) after filming. Make it less exploitable and more useful because little effort is scattered in asking questions for which there are no answers. Do not give up on this little movie in the first 20 minutes, you have to set the real story, but play as a "Hill Street Blues" episode rejected. It's a limp, but with it, it at least matches the running length enough for the movie to be classified as a feature. I recommend that you jump in this whole thing and just go to hospital scenes - there is nothing here that you can not pick up from the rest of the movie. Like many good movies, this was creatively a show of a man like Paul F. Ryan was both a writer and a director. While this arrangement does not guarantee a good film, it is usually a good sign, as it will mean a certain unit of construction and execution, which is often lacking in dramatic budget features. Since the "Home Room" scenario is the real force, he is happy that the writer has also executed the production and assured that his vision was on screen. Ryan has a huge chance with the end that tests the limits of the sentimentality tolerance of the average viewer. He leads her right to the edge, but against all the logical leaves you cry, instead of cracking. Why the final work is a combination of the public's need for a reward at the end of this type of journey, Sarah McLaughlin's "Sweet Surrender," which comes with the amazing editing of the last minute. > The other strength of the film is represented by the protagonists of Busy Phillips (Alicia) and Erika Christensen (Deanna). Although Phillips plays her ally teenage role and Christensen, her smart daughter of a good family, both bring more roles than ever. The family life of both girls is more than satisfying and little interested in Ryan. What's happening here is all about the two, despite a tormented story about a police detective wandering around the city trying to tie Alicia on the lonely shooter. If you re-cut and cut the movie, this side story should be condensed. A story about two extremely disparate faces that binds and helps each other is hardly a new idea and Ryan could easily direct this film into a cliché and predictability. Instead, his script makes them engage in a fascinating and convincing sparring match, slowly moving to each other and sharing moments of vulnerability just to retreat inside. Deanna's song, "I'm inside," just tears you - I can not even think of any other movie I felt as intense as the other. She desperately needs a connection that Alicia resists as desperate. Deanna makes progress only when he retires. The visitor continues to wait for group hugs that never seem to happen. Ultimately, this not only generates a lot of suspense, it lets you admire both the characters and the two actresses that brought them to life. <br /> <br /> Again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
