I first met "My Tutor Friend" accidentally a year or two years ago while surfing the TV. Before that, I've never watched Korean films in my life, so the MTF was really the first Korean movie I've ever watched. And a delightful surprise! I was very amused from start to finish and I had a great laugh. His comic style is quite different from that of Hong Kong comic films (which I used for my whole life and therefore tired), breathing fresh air into my movie watching experience. I thought there were some scenes and tricks in the MTF, which are pretty hilarious, witty and original. I looked at the MTF a second time a few days ago and I looked at it once, the surprising / comic effect on me somewhat diminished. This has in no way influenced my opinion about the film. Instead, there has been something else - I moved - the story of how two young, seemingly "enemies" who are completely incompatible, are thrown together and gradually resolving their differences and starting to care for one another without realize the feelings themselves, reminds me of long high school days. For me, Su Wan and Ji Hoon ARE are actually compatible because both have something pure and authentic within them, a quality that separates them from people like, Hoon's girlfriend. divided into two distinct parts - the first part refers to the "fight" between Su Wan and Ji Hoon and is more violent and faster in rhythm. After Hui Hoon receives a final exam and Su Wan dancing (in the opinion of Ji Hoon) provocative dance, things start to change. The rhythm slows down and ... Ji Hoon suddenly realizes he cares about Su Wan more than he could ever imagine. So part 2 deals with the development of their mutual feelings, leading, of course, to a happy ending, accompanied by a final disclosure to the boss. Just one last comment. I think this is unbelievable - the fact that a self-proclaimed 21-year-old "bad boy" felt embarrassed to be almost naked in front of her little girl and loses her "coolness" is just a little. . I think this shows that Ji Hoon is just a pure boy on his heart and is not really what his appearance looks like. Btw, Kwong San Woo (Ji Hoon) Do not have a sexy body and a perfect figure! ;-) <br /> <br /> MTF is definitely on my list of top 10 favorite movies of all time.
