What is a fantastic fantasy film "Stardust"? I can easily finish it with that one statement, and suffice it to say that we might consider it a very strong recommendation to go see it. > <br /> At a time when Hollywood seems to have the tendency to force remakes and continue to beat his neck, "Stardust" makes us remember why we go to the movies first - to get rid of reality for a few hours and explore other lives, other times, or other planets. Ironically, "Stardust" takes us to all three places effortlessly and with the joy of a child we all want. Stardust is full of all the characters we remember as children: princes, witches, pirates, ghosts, and villains. Has a distressed woman, the hero, the sorcerers, the obstacles, the spells, the antidotes, the charm, and even a touch of light speed to make it quasi-modern. "Stardust" man from Wall City, which is conveniently located near a wall that separates the city from the magical kingdom. The only way to cross the wall is through a lever that is carefully guarded by an old codier (played wonderfully by David Kelly). One day, a young man on the wall, Ben Barnes, manages the old guard and escapes through his neck. It happens in a charming kingdom called Stormhold, where she meets a young woman (and very sexy) called Una. She is held in captivity by a witch and tied to an unbreakable chain. While the witch is gone, Una seduces Ben and sends him on the road. Ben returns to Wall without incident and continues his life. But nine months later, he is summoned to the wall lever, where the old guard gives his hand what he might expect - a boy child. The boy, named Tristan, grows up to be an unfortunate young man (Charlie Cox) who was hit with a girl outside his league and also engaged with another. However, the young lady (named Victoria and interpreted Sienna Miller) comes out with Tristain and confesses her love for her. After estimating a star that falls, she tells her she can have it if she recovers the star and brings it back. He agrees and goes to his search, which will take him to the other side of the wall. Meanwhile, in the Stormhold kingdom, the old king (perfectly played by Peter O'Toole) dies. He calls his sons who live to tell who will follow the throne. The names of his sons are Primus, Secondus, Sextmus and Septimus. The others are killed by the other brothers in a humorous competition to see who lives to get the throne. Anyway, he throws the ruby's charm in the sky and Voila, that's what brings the star on the ground. Steaua collapses as a beautiful woman named Yvaine (Clare Danes) and she, of course, simply bears the charm. But I know a little bit now that she is convinced by Tristain, princes, and an elderly witch named Lamia (Michelle Pfeiffer), who wants to cut the hearts of the stars to regain her own youth. <br /> <br /> Complicated? Yes. But everything comes together as the adventure unfolds. Tristain is the first to find Yvaine, but he is so blinded by his devotion to Victoria that he does not recognize the link between him and Yvaine. His initial interest is only to return Yvaine to Victoria as proof of his love. But it must first pass through the Princes and Lamia. Princes are not such a big problem because they are constantly trying to kill each other - and as in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" - death has never been so fun. But Tristain also meets the witch who has enslaved his mother (though he does not know it is his mother) and a band of flying pirates led by Robert DeNiro. the most important character in the movie, and DeNiro plays it for a tee. He steals the film with his tenacity and soon we will learn a secret undercover that will leave the audience on the floor with laughter. Although his role is small in length, DeNiro is extraordinary! Michelle Pfeiffer is great as Lamia - a bad sexy witch. Claire Danes is best suited as Yvaine confused and confused. She makes a perfect little girl. Jason Flemyng, Adam Buston, Rupert Everett, and Mark Strong add the perfect dose of levitation to the battle giants who, as they die, return as "Blithe Spirit" and "High Spirits". director Matthew Vaughn, whose only other directorial experience was "Layer Cake," weaves a delightful story that everyone will enjoy. "Stardust" may be too complex for young children, but anyone over 13 will want to see this movie multiple times. It's so good. "Stardust" is what should be movies. Perfectly written, perfectly expressed, perfectly guided, and acted perfectly. In other words ... perfect.
