I was lucky enough to finally get this movie on Turner Classic movies tonight because it's one of the Oscar-winning films in their month of winning Oscar. <br /> <br /> BADKNOBS and BROOMSTICKS is easily a sequential film for MARY POPPINS's previous success. The film was also a great success, and an Oscar winner (Best Actress for Julie Andrews). Like MARY POPPINS BEDKNOBS has David Tomlinson, in a role to teach about parents. It's a great mix of live action and animation. It is in an earlier period of British history (unless it is the Edwijdean-Georgian world of 1912 London, it is the coastline of England in the summer of Dunkirk in 1940). Even old Reginald Owen, here as general in the Home Guard, while he was formerly Admiral Boom in MARY POPPINS. Ironically, it was Owen's final role. The Guard House sequences (not much in the film) remind one of the British DAD'S ARMY series, dealing with the problems of the local guards from the early years of the war. The period is also suggested by the appearance of the three Rawlins children as war orphans in the Blitz bombings in London. And (in the typical Disney style) in the musical number "Portobello Road" appear different members of the British Army (including the Indians and the Caribbean soldiers (complete with metal drums yet!)) With female auxiliary schools and locals in costume. /> <br /> All of this, surprisingly, is a plus. But the biggest plus is that for Angela Lansbury, her performance as Eglantine Price is finally her only plural of musical films. In a remarkable acting career, Lansbury has never achieved the musical role she deserved as Aunt Mame in MAME music that came out shortly after BEDKNOBS did. She was in singing parts (in GASLIGHT with her short UP IN A BALLOON BOYS, and in THE IMAGE OF DORIAN GRAY WITH LITTLE YELLOW BIRD, and - best - in support and conclusion by THE HARVEY GIRLS with the final round of ATCHISON, TOPEKA and SANTA FE). But only here is the role of the woman. So when you hear her singing with David Tomlinson, you could understand what I lost when he did not play Mame Dennis Burnside. The rest of the camp is good enough, Tomlinson learning here that you can raise the opportunity after a relative failure of life. The three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart and Ian Weighill) actually present more interesting parts in their characters than their Edwardian predecessors in POPPINS (In particular, as an opportunistic thought to blackmail Lansbury after learning that it is a witch). The only surprising source (possibly due to the cut of the scenes) is Roddy McDowall, as a local vow who is only in two sequences of the film. With his possible role as an enemy wailing witch, he should have had a bigger part. Also, notes John Ericson, as a German officer who leads an attack at the end of the film, just to find that he faces something stronger than he ever imagined in the British countryside, and Sam Jaffe as a contestant for magic formula on which Lansbury and Tomlinson are looking for. <br /> <br /> As far as the animation is concerned, the two sequences under the sea in a lagoon and the wildest football match ever shot well worth the sight, with Tomlinson fired in it as a referee, badly hit in different accusations and scrimmage. As I said, it is a pretty fine piece of the best work of Disney studio.
