"Bedknobs and Broomsticks" is a magical adventure film with some charm, despite being one of Disney's best works. It has a good overall story, beautiful songs, great characters, good actors, magical and delightful special effects, good settings and beautiful landscapes in England. It also combines live action and animation very well. Animation itself is, of course, quite good. The animation is very similar to the animated film "Robin Hood" in 1973 and the same can be said about the animated characters: there are a lot of wild animals such as bears, elephants, hippopotamuses, lions, crocodiles and others like "Robin Hood" In addition, the king (a lion) seems to be a mixture of Prince John and King Richard, not to mention that the bear looks like Little John.This film is often compared to "Mary Poppins" for one reason.This combines the action live and animation with a similar artwork, both of which have similar settings in London, both of which have their own magic and a magical woman, and the children (Carrie, Charlie and the little little Paul) are a bit like the children of the banks. Robert Stevenson, and both were distributed by David Tomlinson. However, instead of a very serious man like George Banks, David Tomlinson plays a magical and more magical man - Professor Emelius Browne. and some similarities small but significant stories of Harry Potter. Most songs are good. "The Age of Not Believe" and "The Beautiful Blue Sea" are the best. "Portobello Road" is also beautiful. David Tomlinson is great in this movie once again. Angela Lansbury is wonderful as Miss Price and the three children of the actors are also beautiful: Cindy O'Callaghan as Carrie, Ian Weighill as Charlie (a boy in the age of not believing) and Roy Snart as the youngest brother Paul . br /> <br /> I like the black cat. It's pretty cool. It looks a little like Salem, the black cat of TV series "Sabrina, the teenage witch." I find it cute whenever one of the characters is turned into a white rabbit. Rabbits are very cute, fluffy and adorable animals. I love them! Even more funny is the fact that Professor Emelius Browne is turned into a white rabbit, because when he transformed into a man again, he shakes his nose like a rabbit. It's really hilarious, combined with his comic and mustache figure. Generally, this is a good movie, but its end is pretty bad. The first minutes of the movie are nothing special, but then it improves a lot. However, the conclusion is poor. This is my major critique of this, largely because the things of the animated knights are too much for me and also because of the feeling of war.
