If any style of film could be called "my guilty pleasure," it would be this kind of generic fantasy. Guilty is the wrong word for him, however, because I am quite pleased to be a surgeon from time to time. "Stardust" is a good fantasy of the stock, such as what you should expect from Neil Gaiman (or Gaiman's adaptation, as it was). It is not Mirrormask's visual vision, it is not the claim of the adults at Pan's Labyrinth and is not proud of the classic lover The Princess Bride, but it contains exactly what the fantasy lover is quite familiar with to be completely comfortable during the entire viewing. Fantasy lovers should enjoy - special effects work has finally become pretty good and pretty cheap as these things are in the usual production now. Stardust's story involves a young man named Tristan who, in order to win the love and approval of the most beautiful girl in their little Wall town, goes on an adventure to find a fallen star. However, to make things difficult, Tristan's fallen star is actually a woman named Yvaine, and he is not the only one looking for her ... some witches have their greedy eyes on the immortality the star can give , the magical queen leads the killer princes in her direction. From there it is quite predictable, but it involves some fantastic attractive elements, a warm-hearted comment about the nature of love and the best part, Robert DeNiro as a gay pirate. On this note, DeNiro's performance is on the scene ... it is not about the excessive excess that most actors use to describe homosexuals, but surprisingly effective from someone who was considered a tough and gruff typcast joke character around his character, which matches his own opening to other forms of action). DeNiro was not so unique for his own image in Brazil, and that says something. Stardust is probably the type of movie that will keep on the shelves of children and fantasy lovers for a long time. I can not say he's offering something new, but he's not right there. They are in fact the ones most familiar with its tropes that will enjoy it most. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
