It's great to watch Roshan Seth (the bad guy in 1992, "Mississippi Masala"), who once again took on the role of father and chief of the family and more on a long journey set in 1971 in Bombay, India. Besides tightly linked family settings, topics include lost and found by friendship; the unexpected death of a friend (somehow the calm face of a friend in death in the presence of prayers felt peacefully - so also Gustad Noble, the character of Roshan); a chain of events by an artist on the sidewalk - "the wall as a latrine turned into an altar" altar in rumble and ashes "was immediately prophetic and philosophical. It is full of life lessons in different aspects of different relationships: between father and son mother and son, father and daughter, young daughter and father and mother, long-term colleagues, dear dear friends, even a man for man, one whose innocent "madman" try. , is a colorful film rich in substance and story power in textured layers with humor and suspense. For a director who is not an Indian (Sturla Gunnarsson being Icelandic), he made an Indian / Pakistani political film. (singing) The rest of the cast is as powerful: from Om Puri the mysterious friend of a friend Soni Razdan spouses Sustainable; Vrajesh Hirjee the greatest argumentative son; Sam Dastor, long-time partner; Ranjit Chowdhry pavement artist; a superstitious woman's "witch" of a neighbor; a rude "madman" of a man; and a long friend who lost her breast - is a world with many faces and perspectives. Director Gunnarsson has shown a sensitivity in the treatment of this period of time, and the subject has been well researched with attention to detail. He's lucky to have Sooni Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!") He wrote the script. This is really a valuable travel of a movie to participate. Frederick Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Cold Fever" is an Icelandic vacation for a young Japanese who has gone all over the world looking for the specific place to pay his last respect to his parents, respecting the usual rituals for the dead. Such demonstrated reverence and cross-reference to family ties are warming up this day's heart and cyber age.
