The adaptation of Will Eisner's SPIRIT to the TV screen has followed many other developed offers from comic pages or comic books. (Remember that the two are not exactly the same medium.) It is indeed ironic that this is the only adaptation (since it was written) of Eisner's intelligent alter, an intelligent superhero cracker wise and tongue. The story says Republic Pictures was interested in making a movie version and was in negotiation with the copyright owner in the mid-1940s, but never managed to close the deal. The left game on the screen became the series, THE MASKED MARVEL, one of the best republics. Perhaps it was just as good, because the studio had a plea for tinkering with comic material, pulp mags, radio and comic books. Regarding this 1987 made for TV movie, it is quite obvious that he was a failed pilot for a proposed television series. While an old, long-lasting comic book reader like me may be a little harsh in the criticism of an adaptation, an unknown character's viewer may be able to provide some fresh observations without any preconceived idea of ​​what he should look like this screen version like. As I stood and watched the story, with the characters interacting in the waves of murder, Little Lady (my wife, Mrs. Ryan) attracted her with a single statement. "She can not tell whether she's serious or not!" This describes quite well both SPIRIT and his creator, Will Eisner, the true creative genius in comics. The film is a sincere attempt to put Eisner's world on the screen. The casting of Denny Colt / Spirit, Commissioner Dolan and Ellen was really pretty well done. Although in a contemporary setting, it was still in the "old age" tradition, as the costume goes, you know, when men and women still wear hats! That brings one end point, and that's because the director and production have made a conscious effort and managed to give the characters that Will Eisner showed up to face expressions and body language. We say, Kudos for them for their efforts. It's too bad that no series has followed! Oh, well in the world of cinema today, comic adaptations seem to be a hot item. Perhaps a great producer of time and a director could make a first grade SPIRIT production for the Big Screen. We can only hope. UPDATE: Dateline, Chicago, Illinois. 04/06/2008. So far, all those who go to the Multiplexes Commercials have seen the commercial poster of the new SPIRIT movie (subtitled MY CITY SCREAMS); to be released Christmas Day, 2008. Well, we will then see what we talked about. Just keep your fingers crossed! To continue ............. <br /> <br /> UPDATE II: I saw the new movie, made by Writer-Director Frank Miller of SPIRIT a few days ago. Well, we wanted it; but it's a good thing or another case of "Take care what you ask, because you can get it?" Please read our description elsewhere on IMDb.com. THANX!
