Launched just before the suppression of the production code in July 1934, Mitch Leisen's paramount music of all ages is suggestive - even some misogynist claims - and very fun. Two crimes happen on the opening night of "Vanity of Earl Carroll" (one on stage!) But that does not stop Jack Oakie from showing up in a show of lascivious police detective (Victor McLaglen ). Everyone hides something, and Gypsy Rose Lee must have seen the mystery of crimes behind the scenes before writing "G-String Crimes," because the names are similar (though more satisfying here). Gertrude Michael, as a vicious diva, stops the show (in a number of ways than one) with his exotic number "Dulce Marijuana," and Duke Ellington ends with "Rape Of The Rhapsody" truncated. The hit song, "Cocktails For Two," came from this film. A bizarre camp and classic bawdy highly recommended! Here's Louella O. Parsons in "Los Angeles Examiner" on May 17, 1934 <br /> <br /> Earl Carroll's picket picked the beauties on the Grauman United Artists screen in a fig leaf and no more. But September, Morn himself has never had a better figure than those charmers who are made to like his eye, especially the eye of the tired businessman. But do not think for a moment that Mr. Carroll's girls, they have naturelle, are the only attraction. Believe it or not, Murdar at Vaniţii is a thriller of musical comedy, if you know what I mean - a mystery of murder embedded in a musical show. Everything happens on the opening night when the game is in progress and a search is for a killer. Just by suspense, a policeman threatens to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is new to the police. All the time he tries to follow the killer, he keeps his eyes on the beauties of the choir. The mystery of the crime is good, except for the name, which is quite flat. Probably wrong direction. Dorothy Stickney, who plays maids, is as melodramatic as the heroine in a show of ten, twenty-thirty. For no good reason, she evaluates an incessant closure on the dramatic stage. The assemblies of the girls are good, and it is a positive relief to get rid of the inevitable photos. The costumes are beautiful; in fact, this is a musical that Paramount can feel is really trustworthy. As far as Carl Brisson is concerned, he would be a surprise to any show. With a beautiful look, with a beautiful voice to sing and in a light and secure manner, he is everything that press agents claim for him. I also like Kitty Carlisle, who plays the lead role in the show. Gertrude Michael, as a villianess with deep eyes, gives an interesting portrayal if it is fictitious. Jack Oakie, as a stage manager, is the same old Jack, but we do not change it. Jessie Ralph is excellent as a seamstress. Others in the cast are Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. The show on screen is by Carey Wilson and Rufus King, and the direction of Mitchell Leisen. The music is by Arthur Johnstone and the lyrics of Sam Coslow. In addition to MURDER AT THE VANITIES, there is a cartoon Mickey Mouse, a Paramount Newsreel and a reeler, DIRECT BACK. I do not agree with Lolly about denouement, the top. Why would you blame the director? Was it disappointed at the end of the story - or how it was staged? And what is a "show of ten, twenty or thirty"? Note the shot taken at Busby Berkeley and the "gunfire". Equally hard to believe today, the audience was tiring of the Buzz 'schtick until May 1934. Mitch Leisen said: "If you present a scene show that should be in a theater, you should stay within the arc limits proscenic and does not make a Buzz Berkeley routine with a set of scene that is very big. " <br /> <br /> Q: Do not you think Berkeley's spectacular effects justify this freedom? ML: It seems they did it because they revive all their photos and nobody in me, but I personally do not like it.
