I've read a lot of comments about the film and how it's so hard for people to think it's a sequel to Henry Fool and even if it's technical, I think Fay Grim must be seen as a different film. Just because it's a continuation does not mean it has to be a direct sequel to the first one and I enjoyed so much about it. The whole point of the movie was to change the direction from the first, which makes sense because the movie is not called Henry Fool 2, it's Fay Grim. However, the movie, I thought, was so well made and thought I was really surprised. I expected to rent another almost released movie and have to resist 2 hours of bad editing and it's hard to follow the story (the last aka parker directly to watch Oh in Ohio) but that was so surprising well concentrated that it almost does not seem like this, which I absolutely loved. There are so many nuances in filming and writing the movies I want to see in movies, but I never do it. The cinema was brilliant due to its simplicity and really made the movie look "Grim" all the way - in terms of setting. Writing was so well put together, too, whoever said that this film is not as smart as Henry Fool needs to look again and actually listen; Almost can not even begin to explain how hilarious and pertinent. And well, Parker Posey, who can complain? The scene in which Fool and Jalal spoke in the dark was so exciting and moving. And I thought the film espionage was just as hilarious and on the scene (in retrospect, because I agree that sometimes you felt it was lost in your time). The main thing that hit me so much about the movie and I think the point of the film was Parker's love and naivety about the madman, who was so bold, and that he turned back very quickly, from denial to absolute passion. The last five minutes of the movie were perfect. Obviously, there were things that were not excellent, but nothing is perfect; some of the actors were poor, and sometimes I thought that some of the new stories and the dialogue about terrorism became a little hard to watch and handle, but eventually you got them, and you did not even think that at the time he could have slipped from your understanding. (This may have to do with Goldblum's tendency to speak extremely quickly) Generally, I would say that this was probably one of the best movies I've seen this year; stylish, pleasant, intelligent and full of voice, shows that were so impressive that now we have earned a new respect for some actors and a really exciting movie and do not forget a complete departure from Fool. What was the point.
