From a generic point of view, Fay Grim is a very fun thriller that features two of the most amazing names in American films, Parker Posey, unique and graceful, and Jeff Goldblum, a charismatic and inevitable harasser. They have several scenes in the first half of the movie, in which we see that these two unsatisfied appearances stop by each other, even radiating with charm when Goldblum escapes informal maps epitomized by Hartley. However, if someone deconstructs Fay Grim, there would be many situations where countless scenes could have been squeezed for a much greater benefit than they had in being. This type of joke is the sequel to Hal Hartley, Henry Fool, which was made ten years earlier. Posey, who was forced by the CIA agent, Goldblum, had to discover the houses that were the precious assets of the missing fugitive husband, his predecessor anti-hero. Available in them are information that could provide the safety of the United States. Fay first for Paris to keep them aside, but gets swallowed up in a bona fide feast of espionage clichés, which offers everything from machine bombs to ambiguous aids to the Girl's Tracking to pass double to triple-crosses. > My first call for me is that it's such a new approach to continuing a movie about a garbage and a novelist struggling in a small town. In the original Henry Fool, Posey played a simple woman who drove a very simple life. Hartley's talents did not reach the height of many of the other independent beginners in the 1990s, but he admired his wild creativity, making him an inadequate sister, giving him a terrible situation, as did James's brother, James Urbaniak in Henry Fool because it is caught in the head that he or she may still love his overwhelming refugee husband and the problematic plans but Goldblum's forces. Hartley, however, is a fragmentary idea. His story, though complex and labyrinthical, true to the shape of the spy movie, seems to be whimsical. The reason I was not bored was largely due to the rhythm of the story, not to mention the presence of Posey and Goldblum. The problem with the rest of Hartley's plays is that I can not believe I loved the others. It has nothing to do with how obscure they are compared to the relative power of the stars of the two masters of charm, but how they do not seem to stick with them, although Saffron Burrows is certainly approaching. Most of the scenes that do not involve Posey or Goldblum are too light on our feet, they accompany us together with information dumps, we have no choice but to listen or otherwise be totally missed in the next sequence of scenes. They are shot almost entirely in floor angles, as if Hartley compensates for that implacable sense of lack of material. Liam Aiken, however, now playing the teenage son of Fay and Henry, has some praise for him, seemed wise beyond his years, certainly more wise than any of the adult characters. Perhaps Hartley intended this or maybe it was simply Aiken's presence. The problem with a Hartley movie is that you never know exactly what was meant and what just happens to be there. As Scorsese said, "Cinema is a matter of what's in the frame and what's going on." We have to be confident that what we see is a conscious decision of the director to stay in the final movie.
