After watching this movie a few months ago, I continue to regain my consciousness and feel that I have to buy it or at least see it again, even if I watched it at least 3 times when it I rented at that time. br /> I fell in love with Hal Hartley's direction many years ago - I found that these movies might make me laugh at a place that is rarely entertained. It's a strange feeling, and I assume that most people there are not getting it, or makes them feel confused and somewhat uncomfortable - I think I just got it - as if these movies were made for me. Although I do not remember if I laughed aloud during this film, it remains one of the funniest movies I have seen for many years. If you do not see the humor of Fay's luggage from the street to a church at his brother's pub's office at your son's office, you may lack the intelligence to be very impressed with this movie. The bag is a silent character in itself, being dragged around like a maternity icon, usually brash, angry Parker Posey must go before the international intrigue of the rest of the film strikes him. Henry Fool, "the least favorite of Hartley's films." I honestly do not remember it very well-I think the character himself was so despicable that it seemed boring to me. "Hartley's Forte seems to be a development of the female character. by the brilliance of Posey, it was wonderful to see Elina Lowensohn again, one of my favorite actresses, her extravagant naivet is perfect for Hartley's direction, and his ability to make the scandal seems trivial helps him to define his style as a chronic delicious irony in this whole film, erupting in an extremely relevant international story, explaining the political situation in Afghanistan.This is never suspected at first.The complexity of developing this film is unparalleled.This is the symbol of a continuation of " separate. "The less you know about Henry Fool, the more he moves around him, the more you expect his appearance the film's outrage - like a smoking alcohol advertising car, throwing insults at the Islamic terrorist temptation who seems to respect it. As if learning Santa Claus is actually a 12-year-old school bully. Although I was impressed and satisfied with Hartley's recent recent films "Girl of the Month" and "No Such Thing," "Fay Grim" goes much beyond what I expected, with a sense of humor and originality that no winner at Oscar would never dare him.
