I'm one of those people who would have dragged a pile of broken glasses to see a Hal Hartley movie. From TRUST and IRIS to HENRY FOOL and (my favorite Hartley) NEVER, a unique Hal brand movie is an acquired taste. Infusing equal parts of mystery / espionage with a close comedy seems to be his force. Comedy is not necessarily in front of you, and most of the time it runs on the entire scene before it is accomplished. And this is the case with FAY GRIM, the pursuit of Henry Fool. Parker Posey plays Fay Grim, abandoned wife of Henry Fool and his mother, Henry Ned's only son. Fay lives a quiet life until he returns home one day to find a CIA agent in her kitchen. His name is Fulbright (Jeff Goldblum, MAN OF THE YEAR) and he wants Henry's notebooks. There are many Henry Fool notebooks, and they are all believed to contain nothing but crazy wandering. Looks like there's a lot more to them. Secrets of research guns or paths to terrorists? Who knows, but Henry. Agent Fulbright tells Fay that her husband is dead, but this is quickly assumed to be a shame to take Fay out of her home and look for Henry (and things ... but they do not think so). <br /> <br /> Fay fights with several spy rings to gather Henry's notebooks and search for him. She also makes a deal with the CIA to get his brother Simon (James Urbaniak) out of jail (he helped Henry to escape the country in Henry Fool's original film.) Several overlapping events take place in succession Rapid: By the time Henry is found to be safely held by a jihadist, Fay releases her brother but unconsciously risks her son's life, and the CIA hopes to endanger Fay. Hal Hartley loves to play with themes. And he's doing this to the extreme here. Even the names of the characters (Grim, Fool, Fulbright, Fogg) have their own implicit meanings, which are quite funny. The spy movies at the top of the top are given a long time on the screen, as the pistons turn on in stop-motion sequences, without hitting our heroine, even if it's on the line of fire. <br /> <br /> Now that I have praised this creation, I will say that Fay Grim's exaggerated portrait of Posey is not the best part of the film, which is a shame, considering how long it is on screen. I realize that this is probably what Mr. Hartley wanted: an unclean woman with hand gestures at the extreme Italian. But it was still painful to look at moments. Even so, fans will probably eat Fay Grim and ask for more. Though this movie was not my favorite Hal Hartley, I know I'm ready.
