As someone who has seen and watched Hartley's public work for many years, I think much of what was the story of fiction through true stories was raised in obscure philosophical minds. While funny, Fay Grim is another step in Henry Fool's line of thought, where the film reflects the quality of an object in the movie itself. In Henry Fool, the object is memories ... In Fay Grim, the object is the encrypted memories - which are themselves stolen, forged and transmuted into something so obscure that it can not make any sense - that is, the process of script writing and filming in the modern age - in which most blockbuster movies are little more than a mash-up of the past. This is, in a philosophical sense, what Fay Grim is about all. The goal is probably the tragedy that the shock is now clustered and boring (as suggested in the opening scenes at the editors' office). That being said, many of the best movie points are lost if they do not understand the character of Henry and the significance of the memories that are being sought. Henry is a thin wrapped devil, his first visit to Simon as a modern Faust, etc. Without understanding how tragic Henry's character is, much of the quality of Fay Grim's plot and story is lost. pretty "detail" expressed through verbal flashbacks - knowing that Henry Fool's plot can not compare to the "feeling" of character quality as he did in Henry Fool and I think for someone entering this cool movie is about 10 minutes of "what" answers to a very built dialogue and then that's it. However, Henry Fool was also my least favorite Hartley movie until I realized he was evil - rotten and infested - precisely because Henry Fool's confessions were bad ... not just shit or dirty, but inevitably broken. Henry can not even be a real bastard - and this is probably the tragic defect he makes the most bold ... like Gollum in Tolkien's works, Henry is pitiful. This is not the case in Fay Grim, although Henry's dialogue is excellent. What is happening is that the whole movie is built as an encryption - a kind of modeling of another plot around what is over, being another bad story to add to the henry confessions. It's an interesting twist, but one that can not be digested without watching the first movie. Perhaps showing more about Henry earlier would have been better than describing the writer's story of the first film - although this plot is not, in fact, what was the first film - unless it can someone is a casual observer. <br /> <br /> Part of the encryption? It's hard to say ... a little disappointed with sexual tricks. Cheesy.
