Okay, this movie is the representation of many things. For starters, this film is about a disgruntled student who brings a gun at school and shoots about 9 students. A student survives and is in the hospital with head injuries. The main character is what some people think of as "lonely / goth", despite the fact that the movie says it is not. It seems quite mysterious, but he was the only unhurt student in the victimized classroom. She was questioned because she had a history of knowing the shot and recorded that she was on the phone with him the night before. However, she is a very short and distant person who seems to despise society. However, due to some inexplicable unexplained events, she spent about a year of school in the absence of degree. She has the desire to graduate, and the principle basically counts it as the only way to go is to spend time with the survivor, the girl in the hospital. These two leaderships are almost entirely opposite, and they are quite socially. While Alisha is a quiet, naked, ansocial girl, "goth", who spends her time alone (even though she seems to read quite often in a small part of the closet), the other girl is rich, a popular girl " bubble "that always seems incredibly optimistic and caught in her own fantasy world, ignoring the outside world and her realism to survive. I both feel these roles in a great job of representing most of the "clike" in the modern high school, but more importantly it shows how two completely opposite girls who do not know each other finally open each other. While the wounded girl finds a profound and compelling truth about her once-sheltered life in the outside world, Alisha finds that the complete abandonment of society and the blocking of the entire interior is not always the best thing. to the bond between these two faces and see one of the two things. Either a snob, an ugly girl who wants the rest of the world to suffer the way she does, take her out of an innocent girl, or the story of a seemingly blocked, fanciful girl who encounters a defeat in society and teaches not only to no, but she is probably one of the smartest people she knows. In other words, people can see this film as an accent that Alisha teaches the other girl about a life lesson, but that's not about it. This movie is about several things. While it is all about what I have said, it is also representative of how people are experiencing a great catastrophe that changes life. Indeed, this film is not very symbolic, but rather incredibly direct with its message, as long as you are not afraid to open your mind and heart to some emotions, perhaps you are not familiar with being portrayed so miraculous. br /> <br /> Overall, this movie is one of the best I've ever seen. The action is brilliant, the story and the representation are profound and significant, and the emotion flowing through this movie will have someone who not only refers, but can cry. This movie is very frightening and very powerful, and if I ever thought that any movie could change a person's life ... that would be the first one that could change my attitude. I worshiped this movie, if you ever want a movie that moves and has impact, while incredibly fun and REAL, watch this.
