Hal Hartley's Henry Fool was an independent masterpiece of the film and certainly his best work. It has a tremendous depth of character, a subtle and complicated dialogue and an excellent, emotional, exciting ending. I remember having interrupted it several times during my first view to absorb what I had seen and felt. Henry Fool was a complete movie from the beginning to the end and did not need any continuation. So, I was surprised to hear about Fay Grim. Fay was not one of the main characters of the first film and seemed to be more like a disturbing imposing vanity and ignorance in the real world for her brother Simon, who must have to cope with herself as she matures. In her film, Fay matures, though her maturity has a very different path. Simon has gone from autistic isolation to a somewhat introverted genius. Fay starts his adult journey as an immature child, absolutely normal, spoiled and responds to the attack of ridiculous circumstances, becoming a mature adult, totally normal and experienced, who has no advantage. It deals with the problems that any man does, with determination, with little contemplation and obsession. While Simon learned to control his mind, Fay learns to control his emotion. The film contains some elements mentioned by the prequel, but differs greatly in the tone for most of the film. Henry has shown you a rough, dull and ignorant world that contrasts with Simon's inner passion and creativity. In Fay Grim, the world is a lively, crazy, emotional place that demonstrates the deception of her young life and, by contrast, discovers the inner wisdom that had not been previously developed or cultivated by her mum just as weak. <br /> <The film has two parts, the first one to deal with the beginning of Fay's struggle and the subsequent reinforcement due to authoritarian hostility, and the second one deals with her struggle to soften just enough to regain Henry. At first, fans of Henry Fool might as well wonder how the movie can be considered a sequel, and I think it's profane to follow a movie so intense with the spy's antics and physical comedy. But here is the subtlety of Fay Grim. The continuation refers to Fay's journey and, as I said before, she has the role of finding the health that gives life in chaos, not the creative chaos in static order. Parker Posey is an excellent actress who perfectly captures Hal Hartley's language in humor. Elina Löwensohn may eclips her in the emotional commitment of the role, allowing Parker to play both straight and comic men against the lively comet-like scene around her. With Henry's entry into the picture, the movie begins to turn into a sober jump. Hal Hartley's films are all pieces and each piece has to come in the circle. After all, it was shown to you that Fay's character and integrity are descendants of his time with fatally intense Henry, whose losing repentance and unique passion shines a spark to anyone who meets Fay Grim. an excellent film that does not surpass Henry Fool but shows through Hal's range that the nuances of his art are evidence of his genius. Honestly, I think anyone who plays this movie not only lost the point a mile (and especially the subtlety in the role of Parker Posey), but he would not have been very interested in the film Henry Fool.
