Perhaps I would love this movie if I had not been so attached to the characters of Henry Fool. For those who did not see Henry Fool, I would not worry. As Hartley said in jest at introducing him to the TIFF film, the film has a lot of exposure and explanation. This movie is very hard in the plot, which keeps the movie on the move. There are many humorous moments and the movie certainly has the humor and rhythm of Hartley's dialogue. Everywhere, a well-engineered and safe film to meet new Hartley fans who are starting to explore his work. As for older fans who liked previous works like Trust and Amateur, this movie could go anyway. I have mixed feelings about the film and about Hartley's films in general. What Hartley does best is to set his stories in small situations, focusing on the intimate and idiosyncratic modes in which his characters interact with each other. Since the late 1990s, his films have widened in the subject. The media in no such thing, religion in the book of life and now terrorism in Fay Grim. I do not know if Hartley's talents are suited to such a big subject, or if he is capable of doing justice. Very strange, the film can still be reduced to intimate relationships, a simple love story about a woman who is going to look for the husband she loves. The only problem is that I've seen Henry Fool and everyone seems incredibly devoid of character in this movie. You can say that this movie was written long after Henry Fool was finished without the intention of continuing. In a way, the terrorist plot feels comfortable by using Henry's confession books as macguffin (in the hitchcock sense). Fay's reasons for finding Henry seemed to be motivated only by the needs of the plot, rather than what he had been faithful about who was fay as a person in Henry Fool. I think I'm a little disappointed in the movie because it's not true of Henry Fool's characters and it does not work exactly like a thriller straight ahead. There is too much irony and fierceness in Hartley's approach to a big subject like terrorism. It works in a way and does not work at the same time. All I can say, whether you love or hate the film according to your Hartley work and how well you know Hartley's work. Fans of Henry Fool, be warned for disappointment. For the rest, welcome to the Hal Hartley world and enjoy the walk.
