Fay Grim is, in his face, a story of espionage and intrigue with a pocket and a buzz. As a result of Henry Fool's extraordinary success, Hal Hartley creates a surprising blend of noir film and a thrilling thriller of spying, which begins with a familiar smile and a high dose of laughter and turns into a warm and warm feeling any movie I've seen this year. Parkey Posey is Fay Grim, an unconscious Mata Hari caught between the love of her exiled husband Henry Fool and the doubtful intentions of a charming agent of the CIA. As a Fulbright agent, Jeff Goldblum is a master of intelligence and sarcasm, in a role that seems adapted to his talent. He has never been better. James Urbaniak is Simon's brother, Simon, closed, but renowned for his highly popular poetry books. His love for his work and his sister brings a passion to contrast the harsh nature of the spies that eventually populate Fay's world. And Liam Aiken is Fay's son for over 14 years. Although this may be redundant. Aiken's slim style is remarkable "the old soul" for someone of his age. The entire movie is shot in the Dutch angle, the style outside the style, made famous by Orson Welles and used mainly in horror films and psychological thrillers to give a sense of pretense. In Fay Grim, using that style from closing credits is at first intriguing, intelligently misleading following. Just as the viewer begins to fall for Hartley's comedy and intelligence programs, something happens. The film has a dark, but strange twist, as these characters become magically in front of our eyes. What started out as a dark comedy turns into a romantic drama, and the transition is mastered. Slow peace gives way to a stunning action and we are sucked into the vortex. Ultimately, Hartley's sharp dialogue, combined with the stunning performance of a perfectly tailored tower, makes a delicious cinematic cocktail. He has said with the luxury of the one who can write, produce, direct, edit and even compose music, Hal Hartley created a smart and sexy story of spying with a barely planted tongue. Fay Grim is a part of Dashiell Hammett, part of Raymond Chandler, and Ian Fleming's part, agitated and agitated as well.
