I like this movie deeply, despite the fact that it deliberately appears less polished than other Fred and Ginger films, not to mention Harriet Hillard's easy distribution as the main romantic role. <br /> <br /> Once again with these films, the plot has a minor consequence - Astaire plays a fairly unlikely sailor (who happens to be a freshman (formerly!) and Rogers an aspiring performer in the room While their relationship is bright and fun to watch, they are shot by an incomprehensible story about Hilliard and Randolph Scott, who fail to find chemistry between them. Although it was Hilliard was a rather miscast in this regard because he does not have the screen presence to give this film what she needs, despite being sweet and enjoyable throughout. The film could have benefited from promoting a character of Lucille Ball with a wisdom wisdom in a more important role as he just shone in every small scene and would have made a big lateral blow of Helen B roderick's Rogers in this kind of brilliant film See "Stage Door", made the following year, for an example of wonderful scenes between these two fantastic actresses. That Scander's unidimensional character, Neanderthal, falls in love with Hilliard is even harder to believe than Astaire being in the Navy! <br /> <br /> Now, in the important part, singing and dancing: nothing else can be said about "Facing music and dancing", otherwise it is brilliant, moves and runs perfectly and often finishes the viewing this scene with tears in my eyes. However, other melodies in the film deserve recognition as well; "I lay all my eggs in the basket" is a wonderful example of the comic instincts of Astaire and Rogers, and they are almost amazed at their reputation of breaking into spontaneous, perfectly synchronized dances. Other highlights are: "I would rather lead the band" and "Leave it alone", which shows how these two talented people could do just as well as they did together. I almost forgot to mention that this is one of the few (if not only) times when we see Astaire playing brilliantly on the piano; It seems that this man's talent was endless! In general, I really prefer this to "Top Hat" and "Swing Time" (though only just) because it is more earthly and so enthusiastic by all those involved, it's hard not to like the fun factor.
