Plot is never the strength of a film by Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, but the "Follow the Fleet" scenario is extremely mediocre. Fred and Ginger still disappeared - Bake plays Baker and Sherry Martin, dancers whose personal and professional partnership ended when Bake joined the Navy. When they meet again, their love-hate relationship generates some fun comic moments of entertainment. But for much of the movie, they take a back seat to a boring subterranean about Sherry's sister, Connie (Harriet Hilliard), her love for Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), Bilge for another woman, and her old schooner that Connie had inherited from Father. Although Hilliard is quite charming, this plot is uninteresting. At the same time, "Watch the Fleet" is blessed with an exceptional Irving Berlin score, which gives stars the chance to demonstrate their talents. Astaire gets two good solos with "I've seen the sea," and "He'd have driven me a band." He is singing and, of course, electrifying dances - and the sailor's suit makes him look a little boyier and athletic than usual. Rogers sang in the trailer "Let Yourself Go" and later has a tap-dan solo on the same track. <br /> <br /> The three duets really save the movie, even if they are all dressed in foolish scams. Fred and Ginger win a dance contest, making an energetic routine in another resume of the movie "Going For Yourself". Later, she sings and dances "I'm putting all my eggs in a single basket" as if it were an early rehearsal of the number, making choreography with comic effect. Finally, the movie finally shows how to bring Fred and Ginger into evening clothes for a romantic duet - it's part of a show-in-the-show. The situation is controversial, but the play "Facing Music and Dance" is one of the most beautiful things Berlin has ever written (Cole Porter remembers), and the dance fits in elegance. Quintessential Astaire and Rogers. It would be a chore to stay back through most of the "Follow the Flight" dialogue sections again, and in fact, it is not necessary because the rare plot proposes musical numbers. But I could watch the songs all the time.
