If Hollywood is believed to be in the Navy, it is nothing but a bludgeon. Although seafarers may complain about the ocean monotony, it seems that their oceanic duties are totally non-existent, and somehow Fred Astaire finds plenty of free time during the day to offer dancing classes to a romantic fleet. This is the world of Astaire and Rogers. Sand Sandrich's previous film, "Top Hat (1935)," completely ignored the Great Depression, which then brought America to its knees and presented the world with a brilliant and rich world; was the optimistic view of the film on life, which probably contributed to its success. Also here, Sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a naval officer is difficult and draining, instead replacing the duties of a sailor with an assortment of easy-to-understand musical numbers. "Bake" Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) are two former dance partners whose romantic relationships broke up after he rejected the marriage proposal. After Bake returns from his many years of service in the Navy, he finds Sherry host to a San Francisco ballroom. While the other two lovers try to change their minds and change each other, Sherry's sister, music teacher's sister (Harriet Hilliard, who looks really pretty) gets a full makeup and tries to charm the sailor "Bilgey" Smith (Randolph Scott). There are a lot of shenanigans of ordinary sneaker comedy, a few moments of mistaken identity and even an entertaining monkey stealing every scene they are in. Especially fun is the scene in which Bake sabotages the audition of an interpreter to create a window for an estranged girl; unfortunately for both of us, is an unfortunate Sherry who drinks soda bicarbonate and loses his ability to sing. "Follow the Fleet (1936)" was the fifth winning collaboration between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, and the third (out of five) Sandric directed the pair. Irving Berlin provided the music and the lyrics of the film, each musical number being fun and fun even though they are not as memorable as those in "Top Hat" (1935), "Swing Time (1936)" or "Shall We Dance (1937). "Astaire attempts to get rid of the typical man-of-the-city character with no success, but it is hard to imagine the performer without the charm of boys who could not but endure considerable wealth. The side of romance between Connie and Bilge works well with the antics of the two main stars, and Harriet Hilliard (wearing a brunette wig to avoid Ginger's blonde hair) has some solo emotional numbers including "Get Thee Behind Me Satan, "which was originally written for Top Hat.
