The Fleet, an RKO production in 1936, sees Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers in a complex romantic comedy. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers had many similar romantic movies together, RKO helped them once again create a valuable story that incorporates situations that are relevant to society at the time it was made. The Follow the Fleet is based largely on the use of story lines with layers between the two sets of main characters to create a satisfying romantic comedy. The movie's general film is revolving around Bake Baker, Sailor in the US Navy played by Fred Astaire, and Sherry Martin, Bake's former love and dance partner, who is now a singer and dancer played by Ginger Rogers. Their story begins when Bake is on the ship, and his colleague Bilge Smith finds a photo of the two together, and Bake reveals that the last time he saw her asking her to marry him, Bilge suggests trying to meet her when they are on the ground, hoping they could have a friend. The next major scene begins the second scene of the movie when Connie Martin, Sherry's sister, is denied entry into Paradise if her sister works unless she is escorted by a gentleman. She turns to find Bilge behind her with a bag of drinks, so she plays it as if she's been expecting her and she's going to buy Paradise. Connie then finds Sherry and tells her she's depressed because she can not have Sherry's luck with men, so Sherry suggests she got a makeover from her friends while performing on stage. Connie turns and walks into the ballroom again and approaches Bilge again, waking up through her sight. This begins the second romantic tale between Bilge and Connie. Throughout the rest of the movie, the story and the rising action are transformed into altering the comedic relief of the two couples' problems that create more miniature action across the field. Bake and Sherry hit her from their first moments together as they compete in a dance contest and get to win, reminding her of the success and pleasure the two have when they are together. Similarly, Bilge is able to broaden Connie through his romantic attempts to enjoy and retreat to her home. <br /> <br /> This series of happy events is soon followed by disturbing measures that bring back growing action. Bake left Sherry last night to retire to the ship before midnight and told her she would come for her in the morning. Unfortunately, the ship sets the course after the shipmates returned, angry at Sherry and letting them believe that Bake was still a typical sailor looking for a good time when it was dry. <br /> <br /> Mood is again changed because another subplot is introduced into the movie when a "big party" takes a tour of the ship. This alternative story is used to create a buffer between the stories of the two main relationships of the film as well as to help build Bake's overall confidence and pleasure. The party is interrupted by the usual music appearing from Bake and his comrades when they missed the sounds of reporting on deck for the company. Ladies are intrigued and ask to hear them play, and Bake with joy begins to entertain them with dances, which ultimately helps to shine the film's mood, and brings happiness to sailors. <br /> <br /> After returning to the couple's stories, Sherry tries to prove that he does not need his help to get a job. Unfortunately, Bake does not know he hears, and he gives a good word to Sherry when he asks his studio buddy talking about a remarkable audition. Coace takes care of himself to help Sherry manipulate the water, making it impossible to play correctly and destroy the audition. In addition to Bake's mistake, Connie spent all his money to repair a ship he hoped Bilge would take over the captain. She also planned a remarkable meeting for someone when she had to come, but Bilge was aware of her intentions and hopes of getting married soon and not being interested, so she stood up. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie continues in the same action format that rises and goes down until the climax reaches the climax between the two couples, ending the movie with the happiness of both couples. The use of alternating stories helps to build interest and emotion in each couple because they deal with both happiness and pain in each fight. Intertwining stories are also able to relate to each other as well as incorporate other unrelated subplots to help narrative to the final scenes. <br /> <br /> Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have countless movies together including romanticism, comedy, singing and dancing, Follow the Fleet is a unique movie for the two actors who successfully use subplot technique to help narrative between two main characters.
