What a fun movie. Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the Marina. Astaire must return to Ginger in San Francisco, while Scott must be convinced that Harriet Hilliard is worthy of being his wife. Everything does well. Sometimes they argue and understand why Scott's love with Hilliard is not necessary and slows the plot. Very painful are Hilliard's songs of love songs. I could have done it without singing, pretty good, but I discovered that romance touches rather. Hilliard enters the film as a music teacher, wearing a pair of glasses, no makeup, and the worst clothes known to man or animal. No wonder Scott avoids her until she looks sexy under the guard of her sister Ginger and a Lucille Ball. The problem is that, after dressing her, she looks like the same woman as irresistibly simple as before, only with a glossy costume. It's pretty hard for a familiar guy. But at least one man can become rich, powerful and popular, then he can collect women anyway, even if he looks like JoJo, the boy the dog is facing. But what does a simple woman do? The same love paths are not open to her. Henry Kissinger had groups. Was Margaret Thatcher? It must be terrible to be an ordinary woman in a culture as cruel as ours. As a kind of footnote, I must mention that Randolph Scott was rumored to be Hollywood bisexual gossip who need some nonsense to chew and it's kind of funny he has the next line in this movie when he puts it on Hilliard, "Women do not care, sister." The film probably gives more time to Ginger Rogers than any other Astaire movie. And it's wonderful. She is beautiful, sexy, a talented actress and dancer, and the script also offers comic stripes. "Let's kiss and get along," Astaire suggests. "Let's just do it," she says, "that will give you something to do." It is also the only film he has done with Astaire, which gives him a solo number during an audition. (Interpreted by Hermes Pan.) Her performance is accidentally sabotaged by Astaire, which slides some Alka Seltzer or something in her water, and she hiccups through her number, scary being too timeless. dancer, would make me a circus elephant terribly, so my opinion should be taken as that of an amateur, but I think their dances are equal to those they put on the film. Their first, during a dance contest, "Going alone", is the wildest exuberant of those I can remember. And the only dramatic duet, "Facing Music and Dance," must be among the best. The last step at the time of the exit is amazing. I like the movie for personal resonance reasons. I remember seeing it for the first time in a theater in downtown San Diego, next to a shop called "The Seven Seas" that they served to sailors. I was in uniform at the time and I was impressed by the treatment of Astaire's and Scott's naval careers. What I mean is that here we have this sparkling musical comedy that has not given anything to the realities of history, yet, unlike most other teams, it pays its taxes anyway. Jumping the ship, Astaire calls for a "water taxi." I just got a taxi on the shore. Uniforms are correct for the period (as opposed to, say, ones in "On the Town"). And they are properly worn, the hats are placed two finger-widths above the eyebrows and are not bent. And there are two incidents in which Astaire faces a problem with naval authorities and both are treated with perfect seriousness and are completely credible. An officer stops Astaire from conducting a jazz band during the inspection and reports to the captain: "They played when the sound was heard, sir. I'm sure no violation of discipline was intentional." It's what an officer would say - a good officer - and no one laughs. The series became a bit repetitive when it followed Fleet Tracking, instead of putting Fred into society and a tuxedo, it turned it into a chew stick instead. It was a good idea. And the numbers are up to the concept.
