As a massive fan of fantasy in general and the work of Neil Gaiman * especially *, I have been looking forward to this film so avid, so hungry and with such a sweet mixture of anticipation and fear of disappointment that I can hardly believe that is finally here. And you know what? I do not have to be afraid, the movie version is wonderful. Different book, but in a good way - less capricious, more comic, yet deeply sweet and charming. The special effects are absolutely spotless and make the magic feel natural and good part of the wall without being obviously spectacular and intrusive. He was given the right attention to storyline and rhythm, and pouring in principle is a triumph, with ghost princes (whose nominal call read almost as "Who is Who" by British comedy Rupert Everett, David Walliams of Little Britain, two of the blocks from Green Wing, etc.), stealing the best lines and almost all the funniest moments of the movie that are in abundance. <br /> <br /> In fact, the minor criticism that I have for the whole movie is that sometimes the comedy elements become a bit OTT, subtlety goes out of the window to weaken the main story .... Ricky Gervais, For example, it was too much just "Ricky Gervais makes David Brent customary from the persona comedy Office" for me, and in my opinion, created an unwanted and offensive break in the magic spell of the progressive story (though in fairness, that the Ferdy character in the original book was pretty "Ricky Gervais" - to ask when I think about it) .... But this is a tiny story otherwise immaculately cast and scripted, with a good mix of action and Charlie Cox, in the role of protagonist Tristan, captures the right mixture of naivety, subtle comedy and self-realization for a story like this one, where a "humble boy embarks on a quest for change of life" Claire Danes as Yvaine is beautiful, feisty and only a little alien or etheric, a perfect interpretation of her star role; Robert De Niro, where every commentator is talking, really deserves to praise, have fun (seems to have a ball) ... and Michelle Pfeiffer is triumphantly cool and ugly as a wicked witch, Lamia's film performance as a whole. If you enjoyed her delicious performance in the latest "Hairspray," then you will enjoy it in this too. So to finish this review: you will laugh, surely, you will smile and even cry - Stardust is a beautiful fairytale, heart warmer for the whole family, with a golden heart and more sense of intelligence than is immediately apparent. One of my favorite movies over time is the absolutely fantastic princess bride, and Stardust is immediately likened to this reason for good reason because it's a very similar movie type that explores similar themes and territories .... and the same as the Princess Bride remains fresh, intelligent and funny, twenty years after its initial launch, I think Stardust's delicious sweet will appear as a family favorite on our TVs (or a future equivalent device!) for many years will come.
