Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, the Hollywood premiere dance team, were usually dressed in nineteen and went through exquisitely elaborated Art Deco sets in the 1930s. However, they go a little bit downscale for this 1936 trip , the fifth of the ten musicals together. This time, Astaire quits the top hat, white tie and tails to become a cheerleader called "Bake" Baker; and Rogers plays the role of Sherry Martin, who was Bake's partner - dancing and otherwise - before joining. Consequently, unlike mistaken mistakes and romantic hesitations that occur in most of their previous ties, they are already a couple at the beginning of the film. Directed by Mark Sandrich (who guided five of the pairs), the film has a narrative likeness to "Roberta" in 1935, in which there are only one of the two couples presented in the story. In fact, Randolph Scott plays the other male head in both films, this time as Bake's fellow female "Bilge" Smith. He is the partner with Irene Dunne (who, of course, refused this tracking), but Harriet Hilliard. Just married to Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades ahead of Ozzie & Harriet, Hilliard plays Sherry's sister, spinsterish, Connie, which is hard for Bilge. In the bad story, she is offered a makeup by a blonde Lucille Ball young and white, and in front of the mirror is a three-way classic shot of Hilliard, Ball and an adorable Betty Grable in the doll. <br /> Talking about the story, what is one is credited to Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor, and that's what's going on ... Bake and Bilge are on vacation in San Francisco where they get to a dance room with terrible colleagues vessel. Bake finds Sherry working there, while Bilge enters Connie first when he comes as a dowdy spinster and then looks like a glamorous girl. Romantic blooms for both couples. Connie and Sherry have inherited steam from their father, but they need money to keep them afloat. Several misunderstandings occur in both relationships, but it all works when it turns the ship into a theater and puts it in a musical fundraiser. It's as stupid as it sounds, but it's a good excuse for some memorable Irving Berlin songs and a trio of Astaire-Rogers dances. The first two are in the usual tone - a set of "Let Yourself Go" percussion contest where they looked ruthless to win a physical comedy routine aboard the ship that touched them "I put all my eggs in a hurry, one basket ". However, their latest dance is a classic reverie to formality, with a beautiful melodramatic play set to an amazing arrangement of "Let's Face Music and Dance." Indeed, this film contains not only an Asoire dance solo, but the only time Rogers ever had a dancing solo for herself in one of her films, an energetic routine of the tap, once again put to Lasa you are going to leave. " Dressed in a maroon satin suit, she sings the same song, the best winner, near the beginning of the movie. Acting and wise, Astaire and Rogers are usually in comic style here. While Scott plays the role of cockroach virility, Hilliard is an extremely boring presence, and as a former band singer, she interprets two love melodies in Berlin in a frustratingly diffuse way. Regardless, the magic generated by Astaire and Rogers in their forefront makes this essential viewing. The 2005 DVD has some good excerpts, starting with a thirteen-minute feature, "Follow the Fleet: The Origin of those Dance Feet," about how Astaire and Rogers have begun to work together. There is also a live-action "sound" called "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and the Dance Orchestra", a cartoon with the theme of "Let It Be Me" and the original theatrical trailer.
