Hundstage is an intentional, ugly and unnerving study of life in a particularly lively suburb of Vienna. This comes from former documentary director Ulrich Seidl, who adopts a very documentary approach to the material. However, the film moves away from normal types and shows us with characters that are best described as "extreme"? some are extremely lonely; some extremely violent; some extremely strange; some extremely deceptive; some extremely frustrated and misunderstood; and so on. The film combines several episodes less like the plot that intersect from time to time, each following the characters during two days during a stifling Viennese summers. Very few viewers will come out of the fun movie? the intention is to highlight many things that are wrong with people, the countless bad things that affect our society in general. It's a challenging film of thought and its conclusions are quite damning on the whole. An old fanciful fanciful fantasy about a lady in the age of cleaning and wants to make it a stripper for him while wearing the clothes of his deceased wife. A nightclub dancer wonders about his boyfriend's constant and jealous and violent behavior. A grieving couple over their dead daughter can no longer communicate with one another and seek their wife by having sex with other people. An abusive man disturbed the woman, but forgive her from time to time. A security vendor desperately tries to find the culprit behind a vandalism in a job, but reaches an innocent scapegoat. And a mentally ill woman continues to walk with strangers and insult her until she throws her out of the car! The lives of these disparate characters convert over several days during an intense summer heat wave. Despair in the movie is palpable. Many scenarios are characterized by long and inconvenient silence, which is twice as effective as a whole dialogue passage. Then there are other scenes in which dialogue and on-screen events let you twist. In particular, a scene during which the security vendor leaves the female traveler at the mercy of a vengeful guy - be beaten, raped and humiliated (fortunately full-screen) for the vandalism he has not even done - sour, taste almost upset. In another scene, the man has a candle lit behind him and is forced to sing the national anthem with the gun, all as part of his punishment because he was ugly to his wife. While we would like to urge that bullyman to receive his suitcase, we are both leftily left and disregarded by the nature of the punishment. Indeed, such powerful contrasts could act as a summary of the whole film - each moment of light heart is countered with a cold moment. Each piece of hope is combated with a sense of despair. For every character who may like or feel compassion, there is another that encourages nothing but anger and hate. We may go back from Hundstage, dismiss it as a misery exercise, but also highlight some uncomfortable truths and for that it should be applauded.
