The summer was so full of show and the return of the films, not to mention some disappointments of these returns, that I was unlucky to find a movie that I could sit and enjoy. <br /> <br /> If you do not want to read the page further (there are spoilers), I will summarize here: It is more mature than Ella Enchanted (there are some violent parties, a lot of death and a bunch of scenes with little blood, not for young children), but they do not try to be too strange or to overcome their limits. Think of it as a less serious, less magical Bride Princess and you will be close. <br /> <br /> -------------------------------------------------- ------------------- <br /> <br /> I'm probably not as amazing as a movie like the others ... Maybe once or twice a month, if I feel active. I'm also a fantastic Sci-Fi / Fantasy fan. I've been bored with repetitive story lines of remakes and movies with more glamor than filling faster than you can count up to 10, and this movie is rough diamond. By the end of August, I was quite tired of fractured expectations from the big blows I prevented from seeing Bourne Ultimatum in favor of Stardust. After I had the hopes that Transformers made me deceive for fictional dependence, Stardust's preview seemed appealing, but I was certainly cautious. Like many others here, I was completely surprised. I went to think of seeing another generic fantastic movie clattered from here at breakfast. Do not be fooled, it's definitely a story, and it really has witchcraft, magic, and it totally requires the suspension of unbelief ... But the coolest thing I've found is that it's not based on anything, I've seen or have read in the last 15 years and is actually a very good movie. ((Unlike 90% of the other films that seem to reappear as spins on one side, probably signing that Hollywood has no ideas, I could read a book this year and in two years the movie would be another "fantastic epic story, like LotR and the rest," says NYT and others like that))) Stardust did not give me screws in my place because of a jam packed action every turn, swept bullets through a hook plot after a hook that threatened to break a dramatic tension outside and an echo across the theater in a powerful explosion. They did not even use enormous sound explosions to draw attention to what's happening on the screen (Transformers, I look at you). She's not trying to reveal the latest CGI techniques, nor did I offend my intelligence with diminished dialogues and story lines that are pretty simple that I could imagine in the third grade (the boy I hate). <br /> <br /> I just ... I looked. Viewed and enjoying a delightful CREATIVE story, unfolds in front of my eyes. Sure, maybe I knew what would happen in the whole movie, but it makes you forget that. It even made my heart in some parts, but the most important thing I noticed is that I left the theater better than when I entered. After that summer, with so many remakes and movies that were not to be expected, it was like a cup of cold, sweet tea to cut off all the hard work that I made by putting it through the others trying to get out of it with the money they are valuable. It's probably not for everyone, but do yourself a favor; If you enjoy the fantastic movies that are in front of the time test (Princess Bride, Black Boiler, Dark Crystal, etc.) then you should see this movie. This little diamond finds its way into my DVD collection when it hits stores, you can trust me. Simply wonderful.
