There is something special about Austrian films, not only by Seidl, but also by Spielmann and other directors. This is the piercing sense of reality that does not leave the viewer throughout the movie. Hundstage is no exception. This effect is achieved not only by the stories described, but also by the acting actors. In Hundstage, I have never had the feeling that they are acting actors, but real people. So real is visceral feeling of the spectator ... Almost like fucking pensioner lady single film or as you live in your block. Everyone who lives in Vienna can undoubtedly painfully recognize people in the film with meckern / sudern (complaining), their hidden sexual needs and probo macho. This is further reinforced by the Viennese dialect, which is, according to many, especially to complain as a way of life. A special parochialism and a typical arrogance for Vienna are also very well portrayed. The Viennese suburbs have a living presence in the movie with the stupor and sleepiness in which nothing happens. Moreover, they have been transformed into a celebration of materialism with malls and huge stores. Among these are the houses of the people where they indulge in what they think are pleasant activities, trying to stay in touch with their human self, though in vain. Examples are the old man's sexual play with men bordering on rape, the prologue losing his nerves and hitting his young and young girlfriend, who hurt and irritates the drivers. The movie has no soundtrack because it focuses only on its normal / abnormal image. Another characteristic feature of Seidl (and other Austrian directors) is his representation of sex-disturbing images. These include stripping the old woman for her husband, sex scenes in the bathroom, the lady's sexual intercourse with the two men in her apartment, etc. In Hundstage, Seild portrayed the lives of people who eventually can be as much Viennese as they may be citizens of Paris, New York or Madrid. Spectators should not despise or feel merciful for Viennese in the film, because they themselves could become victims of the same alienation and alienation, even if under different circumstances. Finally, I think Seidl's film warns us of the terrible state of human relationships so brutally revealed in Hundstage. And if the spectator does not give up the reasons for this bad transformation, Seidl has achieved his purpose.
