This film has to be considered one of the most disturbing and most ardent films over the years. It's one of the few movies, maybe the only one that actually gave me feelings: even Sálo's Pasolini, to whom this film makes comparisons, has affected me so. I have seen echoes in films from films such as Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I had to ask, what was the movie that made me feel like I did it? I think the answer would be that I watch a horror movie, but one that defies or even reverses the conventions of that genre. Usually, in a horror film, terrible and scary things will happen, but on the civilized society: abandoned houses, abandoned hotels, castles, churches, dead, etc. This manipulation of the subject in horror is, I think, a kind of defense mechanism, a principle of darkness and opacity that functions as a kind of projective space for the viewer's wishes and fears. So from this perspective, Hundstage is not a horror movie; it takes place in a perfectly normal society, and thus does not interfere with the horror film histrionics. But what you see is the movement of certain key themes of horror, especially with respect to the body and its violation, the phases of fear and torture it can do. What Seidl does is to use the settings of a day-to-day, middle class society as a stage where a repetitive game of sexual assault, loneliness, lack and violation of intimacy and integrity is transmitted: just the themes you have find in horror, but subjected to a principle of light and transparency from which there is no escape. Just in this move is the power of Seidl's film. Hundstage deals with these things as a function of the daily newspaper, displays them in everyday repetition, rather than as sites of extremity and catharsis - a movement that you encounter in the horror genre. An important point of reference here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder also had a way of mixing politics with the character in his films, a tactic of the melodrama that allowed him to deal seriously and even morally with political issues such as racism, domination, desire, questions about property, property sexuality and control, fascism and capitalism, etc. Seidl's tactic to transform the mechanisms of everyday society into the subject of his film puts him in the immediate vicinity of Fassbinder; like this German ally, has a kind of political vision on society, which feels it's his responsibility to advance in his films. During a seminar at this year's Gothenburg Film Festival, to which Seidl was invited, he was asked why there would be so many cases of subjugated woman in Hundstage, but no woman struggling back, freeing. Seidl replied that some considered him immoral to show violence against women, but that he himself felt it would be immoral not to show it. An artistic statement as good as any, I think. Thank you.
