This afternoon I took children to the movies and I saw Neil Gaimans Stardust and all I can say is Wow. It's rare to be absolutely amazed by anything, but this is probably the biggest fantastic movie I've ever seen, maybe the best film of any kind and it's all Neil Gaiman's fault. Sure, I could have been breathtaking in the wonderful dialogue that was smart, flowing smoothly and made Charlie Cox perfect as Tristan, Claire Daines is brilliant as Yvaine, and Robert Di Nero almost steals the film as in-depth. The Shakespeare of the Closet. <br /> <br /> Pure joy caused by the humor that managed to be Laughing at us funny, smart enough to make the first Shrek look like an 80s Sitcom and blend perfectly with the rest of the movie would be made a great movie. The special effects were almost perfect, but this was not LOTR or Star Wars SF Extravaganza, but where they were used were exactly what was requested, not too much to distract you from the film itself and mixed in perfect story. is the story? What can I say. How often do you find a story that contains all of the classic elements of the fairy tale that does not just look like another cheap Princess Bride blouse. It manages to be Familiar and comfortable and yet completely new and refreshing at the same time. Any one of these things would have made a good movie, all these combined make a wonderful movie, but they are pale compared to the rich rich world that these elements combine to bring to life well. Once again, Neil Gaiman did it, gave another dagger in my heart, creating a world of fantasy that is so beautiful and delightful that I do almost anything to live in it and just gave me a quick look in her. I did not want to end, I wanted to be sucked by a vortex in the land of Stormhold and meet Tristan and Yvaine in person, to ride through the fields and the valleys, to walk through its squares and meet the inhabitants, both dangerous and friendly, and to stay there for good. It's a feeling I noticed whenever I read something about Gaiman, The Sandman, American Gods, Coraline left me with a deep sense of sadness when I finished reading them because it ended, I've never seen anything in the worlds he created, which seemed to be more vibrant and livelier than the one I'm forced to live and to see Stardust, it was not different. Finally, I'm sure that Neil's writing and this movie will not have the same effect on everyone, but believe me when I say you will not regret the time or money spent watching this movie, it's easily one of the first 5 movies that I've ever seen them and can guarantee you that anyone with a soul at least will love you.
