The power to dream is a wonderful thing. There is a saying: "Not all dreamers succeed, but all the dreamers dream." By exploring our imagination we model the future. Or builds empires. We can overcome our fears, limitations and obstacles. Get wisdom and benefit mankind. Or, simply find the way to true love and happiness. Freud could express such things in symbols. The language of fantasy. Tristan is engaging in an English city called Wall, rather twee. He goes through a break in the wall. A portal. In search of something that will prove Victoria's love (Sienna Miller). Victoria does not take it very seriously. So, he is committed to bringing back a falling star. Stormhold is the world in front of the wall. Discover that the fallen star took the shape of a beautiful girl, Yvaine (Claire Danes). To complicate things, three wicked witches want to take Yvaine. If they can eat their heart, they will fill their young. (One of the witches is interpreted by Michelle Pfeiffer, who makes fabulous young and old transformations of appearance and way.) The "good guy" they meet on their way is Captain Shakespeare (Robert de Niro). It has a strange, strange pirate exterior, but it's a sweet cupboard queen below. The heirs of Stormhold are engaged in a battle divided over the kingdom's inheritance. Ricky Gervais is a supplement added. A merchant with cuttings throwing good Gervais claws. Tristan's spiritual purity awakens Yvaine's love, so there's a nice little triangle. Until he reaches his maturity to discern the pedestrian divas from real women. Stardust is a large-scale fantasy that lends to the multitude of stars. Very positive and written with a clarity that makes it more worthy of psychoanalysis than a covenus filled with Harry Potter to ask. Hollywood rival production values, and the story is free of racial, misogynistic, religious or classical stereotypes than form and perverted so many fantasies on a large scale. That does not mean that Stardust is without its defects. Plot and dialogue have many predictable elements, and fairy-tale quality may be too saccharic for some audiences. But if you want an excuse to let your heart fly, this movie might offer it. As a boy, I remember listening to the albums of Moody Blues (who practiced in a house not far from where I lived). They made records with names like "Looking for the Lost Chord" and wrote lyrics like "Thinking is the best way to travel." I would fill my head with books on magic and mystery, from Timothy Leary to Aleister Crowley. Modeling dreams. Teaching them to make them real. Nowadays, people can talk about NLP or positive thinking. Adults who remember how to dream young people, but with the vision and the application of maturity. Do you like to feel still? <br /> <br /> You are advised not to wait for Stardust on DVD. See it on the largest cinematic screen you can find. And Dolby Digital Surround Sound if you can get it. The actors look like they had a ball. Maybe you too.
