As much as I like big epic images - I will change your many - it's great to give up a few beers and sometimes a simple action move. Films where the plot has a saddle back to set-pieces. Films in which the dialogue is not written so intelligently that it links to endless nodes of purple prose. There are NUMBER of movies that match the bill ... but in my opinion Gone In Sixty Seconds is one of the best. It's an update to the movie that shares the name. It also shares the ethos of that image, but not the execution itself. Everything that was great with the original has been rationalized. Anything rationalized has been amputated and thanks to a larger budget. Often, these kinds of efforts are recipes for complete disaster - see the huge remake of Italian Job for the one who blew it - but here, thanks to a distribution of largely excellent actors, sixty succeed. <br /> <br /> Crying and much of the dialogue is not much to write about IMDb. Often you will have scenes where the same dialogue lines happen between actors, each of them will speak with different inflections. Many people found this annoying; It seems to me a smile. Each actor gets a chance to present her style of style, and Cage, Jolie, and Duvall are leading the package, of course (and it should be noted that it's funny to see Mrs. Pitt not give her the first bill here). The chemistry between good Saint Nick, the most estranged (see review date) and Angelina leads to some beautiful moments. The bastard is not even scary - I saw Chris Eccleston playing but before telling me he could handle it, I think he was deliberately directed to make his role inconsistent so as not to distract his attention from the action. We know that the heroes will, in a way; we're just in the car with them, enjoying a ride. I think many of these scenes have been played in a language so subdued that it has crossed the head of a large number of people who have given a weak note. In fact, I would not have realized that some sort of scratches on the fourth wall at the camera: it's just a kind of movie. Still this style and not so much substance - something that often exhausts my patience if it would not have done * only * so - would be worthless if the action was not there. And, for the most part, it is. That's great. I have noticed that it seems to be a common trend to use fast, fast-moving photos to act directly nowadays. I personally find this tiring. I prefer movies like this, where the waterfalls are impressive enough not to need artificial tension that spreads through violent blows all the time. I was told that Cage actually did as many car stunts as he could remove without losing his insurance (in fact, I mean - his character does not care clearly) and looks. Man can really move a vehicle and this is put to good use in the slow climatic finals, where he leads a Mustang into the earth in the most extravagant way - and FUN - possible. , this film is not a "post-9/11 movie affirming life with a mandatory social commentary." Peace is uneven, some scenes could have been cut off and not all actors pull the line. But movie cars rarely come better than that. So if I hate cars ... why do you even read these comments? I would take over the many iterations of "The Flaccid And The Tedious" on any day. 7/10
