To do this short and not to hurt everything, the film is about Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a car thief, who is messing up a big deal of stolen cars (50 in total). He is then threatened to be killed by the man who gave him the "order." The objective is now to steal 50 stolen cars in three days with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), a retired retiree, as well as Kip's brother and some of Randall's old friends. As you can see that he is the same old man, the big brother has to take him out of routine and, of course, Randall is the best thief there. Of course, as with all the other films, there are some shortcomings and surprises you have never thought of, but sometimes it is also predictable, so there is nothing interesting about the story. <br /> <br /> You're probably wondering why this is about 51 times HOT STUFF, because there are only 50 beautiful, fast, cold and costly cars that need to be stolen. Well, the other hot thing in this movie is Sway (Angelina Jolie (which will be a big star (believe me))). She's not only very convincing in the role of car theft, but she's pretty hot too. OK not hot, like in pretty, but hot as damn cold and sexy. She was very credible in this role, probably because she is also a wild woman in real life (she does not believe me, read her biography) and for the sexy side, well, just see for yourself. I just know she plays the kind of girl she likes in this movie because she's not too proud, a little alternative, and she even comes with a tattoo. OK, only the disadvantages I felt while watching this movie was that there is not much action, there is a totally unrealistic scene, the story is fine and there are not many jokes. Hey, but after I've seen the whole movie, I have to say: WHO WILL WELCOME. Why I have to say this, because it was still fun; had a few cool car races; good music; some Bruckheimer scenes (where the combination of music and the actors' lines makes you feel your eyes); good actors who have done their job; beautiful cars; a sexy lady, sexy, sexy (yes, that is Mrs. Jolie) and last but not least very beautiful and cool tools to drive cars. So some drawbacks here, but still a pretty good and fun movie. All in all the best ways to describe this movie is that it's a good general OK movie with a cool? just like Nicolas Cage, all right? He is, in fact, one of the most popular actors in the genre of action today, after films such as Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes, and finally. In addition, what actor has so many good actions / thrillers in recent years as well as successful? Well, no one! Maybe Jackie Chan, but he's one of my favorites. One thing that is true, though about Mr Cages Bruckheimer's movies is that he's getting worse. The Rock, it was a clear 9, Con Air was nice 8 and this well this is clearly a 7. Not that that brand is bad. Does not it show that his Bruckheimer movies are getting worse and maybe Cage must think more before accepting a role in a movie and probably should make fewer movies? He does not show us that because almost all of Cage's films have been successful in recent years, with the exception of 8 mm and Touching the Dead. 8mm was not great, I admit it, but that was never Cage's fault, and the story seemed good to me. I can not say anything about the last movie, because I have not seen it yet. One thing, though I know for certain, if Bruckheimer had asked me for the three films, I would have said to all of them. I would have said yes to The Rock, because the story was great and because you were playing with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would have said yes Con Air, because it would be a lot of action in it, because the story was good and because you have to act together with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. In this I would have played because I would have earned a high salary, I would have been able to ride some cool and fast cars and because I could have kissed Angelina Jolie (I can not wait to see her in Lara Croft). This was a good choice for Mr. Cage, and he definitely deserved a look at the theater. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10
