It's gone in 60 seconds / (2000) *** (out of four) <br /> <br /> "Gone in 60 Seconds" is an energetic, slim and elegant action picture with high octane power and a lots of amazing cars. If you are a car-viewer, this production by producer Jerry Bruckheimer ("Con Air", "The Rock") is worth seeing just to celebrate the eyes on glossy vehicles. Although the film secrets a sense of weakness in many areas, its precise sense of action and emotion make it a moderately successful summer walk. The film calls Giovanni Ribisi ("The Mod Squad") as the crocodile youngster named Kip Raines, who, after opening the film, fails to deliver a long list of expensive cars to Raymond Calitri (Christopher Eccleston). When Kip's life is threatened by them, his older brother, Randall "Memphis" Raines (Nicolas Cage), a retired, but skilled, thief, is called to perform a task in exchange for his brother's survival: fifty- - model, color, year, and make-in only four days. Memphis gives the first three days to recruit a band of bandits to help him pull off his head. The team includes Sara "Sway" Wayland (Angelina Jolie), a sexy, but gruff male boss who met Memphis through a previous business, a man called Mirror Man (TJ Cross), elder and wise Otto Halliwell (Robert DuVall) Tumbler (Scott Caan), Atley Jackson (Will Patton), Toby (William Lee Scott) and Donny Astricky (Chi McBrde). <br /> <br /> Contributing to filming and tension is a subplot involving two police detectives, Roland Castlebeck (Delroy Lindo) and Drycoff (Timothy Olyphant), who suspect from previous experience that Memphis and his crew are up to well and keep an extra eye on them. There is not much time for character development here; the audience gets to know these people, albeit their robust lifestyle and take on difficult personalities through the tough, elegant atmosphere. To make things worse for the movie, dialogue does not define characters with a strange cultural tone. I do not say I think profanity and vulgarism are necessary for thrillers to flourish; Actually, I'm honoring the director's decision to claim from a very bad language in a movie that could easily have got a rating R. However, I believe in a movie like "Gone in 60 Seconds "To develop the enlightenment of the character, the dialogue must be credible and authentic. <br /> <br /> Despite the problems, the characters are efficient due to the higher growth, the perfectly responsible performers. Nicolas Cage's melodramatic performance is intense and convincing. Angelina Jolie is the assertive look. Delroy Lindo is deliciously robust and credible. Giovanni Ribisi, Scott Caan, Robert Duvall, Will Patton and Christopher Eccleston offer convincing support roles. The film contains a standard structure with a first satisfactory act that elaborates the style of storytelling and the characters' motives, sets a quick action theme, but it does not have a profound and a strong introduction of character. In the second act we are faced with a few other problems: the story scatters much of the time in this segment, never really creates a third act. While the middle of the movie takes a long time and a sex scene offers a solid environment, there is not a lot going on. The third act is quite a depth of adrenaline, which contains an angry wall-to-wall excitement and one of the most intense sequences of tracking ever-covered machines. The soundtrack for "Gone in 60 Seconds" contributes greatly to the inspiring action scenes. There are scenes from car follow-up that make this movie work despite a number of destructive malfunctions. Dominic Sena, whose career consisted mostly of commercials, has an appealing style and a decisive attitude in "Gone in 60 Seconds," which will give the audience two hours of agitation, emotions and emotions, but not much more. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
