Well, now it was certainly a surprise episode. In the series of science-fiction anthology, with all these extraterrestrial beings, with extraordinary occasions and many brushes with the second day, this episode would certainly be unusual. Its seemingly insignificant settings apparently do not give any moral at the end of the story. Or not? Launching with Silent Movie format, no recorded dialogue, but with musical accompaniment. In this case, it is on the sound track, without using the Organ Play or the piano by a sight-seeing musician. This part of the episode, along with the ending section, also made a liberal use of a Title Book, just like "Old Time Films". While these titles are a little exaggerated and exaggerated, they are made so intentional and affectionate rather than any contempt for the silent film. Comedy movie veteran director Norman Z. McLeod has been the man in the chair for half an hour. He has been the director of many of the greatest comedies of all time, with people like the Marx Brothers, W.C. Domains, Harold Lloyd and Danny Kaye. He was not alien to television because he did a lot of work on television shows. It does not seem that he and Mr. Keaton have ever worked together before (as I can not find evidence of this), "but judging by the result of the movie, they managed to do this with flying colors! Anyone who directed Keaton was conscious the fact that Buster was also a director of comedy, as well as a comedy player, was just as comfortable behind the room as he was in front of her, their short partnership must have been a harmonious one , with "yes and no" about how to do things. "It is obvious that many of the gangs were Keaton, resurrected from his own Silent Picture Days, for example, the gag to put his trousers with Rollo's (Stanley Adams' assistance was done by Keaton and Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle in one of Arbuckle 2 Reelers, THE GARAGE (1919). It was a clear example of his craft in a walnut shell. Buster knew we were filming our world with a room, making him an image two-dimensional, this l The film was small and once again full of veteran talent, and Stanley Adams was Rollo and served as Keaton's direct man, Jesse White, the old Maytag Repair Man began working on "Time HJelmet", and Gil Lamb, the serene veteran of the RKO Short Comedy series, was the Cop in 1890. James Flavin, George E. Stone, Harry Fleer, Warren Parker and Milton Parsons were largely silent. Without spilling beans, let's just say yes, it's probably a lesson to be learned here. If one does not already say, "Winter always looks green on the other side of the fence!" Then what do you say, "Be careful what you ask for, because you can get it!"
