This is an intelligent episode of TWILIGHT ZONE, which was rather comical than weird or tragic. Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan, a gatekeeper from 1890 America, working in a laboratory. He is constantly grips about the living issues around him: the meat is too expensive (it's like $ 1.00 / lb. Unheard of!). He always screams at crazy speed (on bicycles - autos have not yet appeared). Grilling to the end, he sees a headset as a device by a scientist, puts it and tries it. Suddenly he is in modern America. The beginning was a silent seven minute film. Now all the noise, all speaks, all sounds, all blowing. Keaton is here only a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better. He enters Stanley Adams, a professor, Rollo, who realizes that Mulligan is in the 1890s (President Cleveland mentions). Rollo always wanted to live in that charming and quiet epoch. It helps Mulligan repair the headphones and come back in time. Rollo gets bored after a while because of the lack of scientific equipment he can use. Mulligan puts his helmet on him and sends him in the future. But now Woodrow is fully satisfied with the quiet and simple age he lives in. He found his satisfaction. For the past fifteen years, Buster Keaton has been frequently on television (often for Allan Funt on CANDID CAMERA, where he could have helped create audience tricks). He did a few movies (the most important thing is a good thing that took place on the way to FORUM and RAILRODDER). But he occasionally appeared in television tracks and episodes. He is in his element here, probably supporting the director (the old comic director Norman McLeod - directed the Marx brothers in FEAR HORSE) about the tricks he could make. Look at how Stanley Adams and he Adams time take him when he is pulling a pair of pants he needs. As for the timing, he remembers one of the gangs he made in the 1920s in films such as SHERLOCK JR. The episode shows Keaton in a fine fettle for a man in his sixties. The appearances of Jesse White (here as a repairer, of all things) are always welcome. But look a little at Professor Rollo. Stanley Adams was a well-known figure in movies and television from the 1950s to his tragic suicide in 1977. The best-known dramatic role was, with an unusual appearance and with a cumbersome voice, the most famous role as the promoter of the fight in the movie version REQUIEM FOR A LIGHT (wants Anthony Quinn to be a fighter wearing an Indian suit). The most popular TV show was the space trader introducing Starship Enterprise into STAR TREK to those small and fertile "Tribbles" (as in "The Trouble With"). Adams always deserved to see (like Jesse White and certainly like Keaton), improving most of the productions he appeared in. I never understood his suicide, but it was a sad end for a top performer.
