Cosimo (Luis Guzman) ends up in jail for car theft and there he gave the plan for the perfect culprit of a defeated prisoner; so he has to get out of jail fast. He tells his girlfriend, Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson), to find a man who will spend time in prison for some money. But no one wants to make time for Cosimo's crime, and yet everyone seems to know a guy to do that. Soon, bad boxer Pero Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) discovers the details of this so-called "perfect job." First, I think this movie was very funny and from my point of view I would recommend for all. This film is the remake of the Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I did not watch the Italian original, so I can not judge or compare these two movies. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is a great comedy for yourself, about four people trying to rob the money in the safe in a home. Everyone has given the brilliance of this film. The very good film for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (the great), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (great), Luis Guzmán, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito, and George Clooney. <br /> <br /> I can say that this movie is just a comedy, it's not fair. More than that. Because of a difference. All the thieves in this movie have very little desires when asked, what will they do with their money? For the most part, it ensures its future in a very humble way. This goes beyond comedy into the hearts of those criminals. And not only them, but also the Babylon, who is presented as a corrupted one; so the Russo directors tell us that the criminals and the police are the same. In fact, everyone in Collinwood is; and not only in Collinwood, for all people to pursue money, legally or illegally. I do not like that all the movies were audience in the end they like and applause for the thieves. But this is an exception. You have to love everyone. Riley with his child and wife in jail. Toto with his pants. Cosimo with his line: "Your mother is a whore!" and all the rest. I'm like the characters in my favorite comedy, Alan Ford. They all try to make some money, but they're just not lucky. But they all did a good job: they gave Riley money to get his wife out of jail. There are all heroes in my eyes, because many honest people would not do that.
