After watching the film for the first time at 14, I remember being hit by the govno (sh * t) hearing for the first time on the still Soviet television (I bet it was * the first time in history? add this to the section trivia? :) ... What a bold openness and freedom, I thought! With the passing of the years, I was increasingly impressed by the film and the incredible act, but my feelings turned into a joy mix of an authentic piece of cinematic art and a bitter achievement of a diametrically opposed concept for 14 years. impression: helplessness. There is an inevitable disaster air that worsens along the film, a primitive degenerate wave (embodied by Sharikov) that increases the lives of the most beautiful minds advancing humanity in their areas ... It is a great metaphor of the Russian revolution in general , inspired by the intellectuals who are ashamed of their superiority and hoping to "refine" the lower classes, only to free the power of mediocrity and to swallow it ... An extremely fine and talented piece, wrapping a really sad idea in a brilliant satirical and elegant shape. From a symbolic point of view, the film itself marked the end of the era of Soviet film traditions before the Hollywood tsunami beat them? it seems to be judged by most of the current Russian films (most of them have been labeled "blockbusters" in trailers and pre-launch posters !!!). Funny, the "govno" episode is in no way contradictory to Efenstor's commentary above the actual language of the current generation ... From what I have already said, it might seem that this could be the movie that has shown the way for this, but it was not like that. A gentle word according to the current standards, it was a little rude and quite rude to show the true nature of all Shariks ... BTW, the story of Efenstor's complaint, is so naive to jail that we are intellectuals and we use a rude lexicon, especially for Russian speakers, where a single cussword might have meanings to take translation phrases! But I regret that ALL of the meaning of today's adolescence speech can be expressed by cusswords. I think this is the biggest problem than choosing the media that is most effective for pregnancy :) Well, this movie and the book are great food for thinking that could change them, or whoever would have a luxury to look at.
