Okay, here's how. I have a 10-component film. Each component will begin inherently with 5 points. He can lose or win 5 points for a 10 or 0 chance. Mood: Action, Romance, Comedy, Drama, Suspension - Give this component 10 points. It had a perfect balance between all five aspects. The action was fun and went out. Romanticism was not overburdened, but still very emotional and on the move. I laughed hard and long along the movie, and yet I was captivated by fantastic drama and riveted suspense. Plot - give this component 10 points. I thought all the good stories had already been said. I found my self, sitting in the theater, I returned to my childhood and at that moment I once again believed in unicorns, evil witches and falling stars that make dreams come true. Cinema Photography - I give this component 8 points. While the movie captured the story very well in most of the angles, I found myself selfless more than once trying to figure out what happened right next to the room. FX - I give this component 10 points. I like to use C.G.I. abstinent. Epic scenes were credible. Magical powers were frighteningly realistic. However, less is more, and that has all! Cast - give this component 10 points. There are no associated names and actors, the distribution was amazing! Michelle Pfeiffer was awfully sorry, Charlie Cox made Tristan come to life, Claire Danes gave star excitement and I will not look at Robert De Niro anyway. <br /> <br /> Action - points. Even newbie actors played their role in perfection. Once again, I will not seek Robert De Niro the same again. Character development - give this component 9 points. This felt a little and rushed, and I think if the movie was much longer, it could have made the characters with better justice. Dialog - Give this component 10 points. Was the dialogue intelligent, intelligent, fun? even the mush had a good dialogue. Score - Give this component 7 points. I can honestly remember one piece of music in the whole movie. I'm not complaining beyond the fact that music might be more memorable. Conclude - give this component 9 points. Almost the perfect ending! I think some aspects of the end should have been more pronounced, while others could have been much easier, but no thread was left naked. Total: 93% Buy DVD? HEL DA! See her in the theater? The safest! Bottom line: great movie for everyone! EPIC! I recommend you to see yourself in the theater, I know I'll come back for a few seconds!
