This film (and yes, it's a movie - it was shot as two ground floor, but the two sides together arrive in just over two hours) is one of the unscrupulous masterpieces of world cinema. A denunciation of the Soviet regime and the kind of person who flourished beneath it, very well handled but at the same time absolutely savage, the film is a faithful adaptation of Mikhail Bulgakov's long prolonged eponymous book. The sets are impeccable, and the director took the brilliant decision to film in the monochrome sepia, adding a sense of authenticity if a dark color incarnation in the 80's did not destroy the movie. I will not say much about the plot, which deserves to be discovered by the viewer himself, but the shows are true Oscar material; special remarks are given to E. Evstigneev, who interprets the old teacher with such a presence, gravity and wisdom, which, with just a word or a gesture, ends by stealing every scene they are in. The second, of course, is Creature / Sharikov, who, played by the horrible perfection of V. Tolokonnikov, is far more frightening than a character than Hannibal Lecter, because not only exists in real life - the whole country was led by men like in history, with everything that's going on. <br /> <br /> While it is a socio-political allegory, it is worth mentioning that the film is humorous, though dark - there are many comedies that do not make me laugh as much as this movie. Moreover, when you laugh at this film, feeling is not only a hobby, but an understanding and understanding, which is always a plus. This is not a complaint I have with this movie - the only slight defect is the tone of the intellectual / bourgeois snob that we sometimes get from "enlightened" characters. But this is a minor matter. Unfortunately, this film seems to have been bypassed by Western licensing companies. It is a shameful shame that one of the best movies around the world is left unrestrained and untranslatable (which should not be incredibly difficult - although all cultural references and revolutionary terminology will necessarily decrease in translation, the main themes of the film should be accessible to everyone). While we're waiting with the crosses for the Criterion edition, I'm thinking about creating English subtitles. See how this works.
