Stardust Another Guarded Review (originally written June 15, 2007) The marketing machine has just begun to do this (no one yet?) So I doubt that most of you have heard about it. In fact, we did not have one (one way). When I received the post, I thought it was another code name, and it was really worried it was Transformers, one of the movies I want to see when I'm not working, so I enjoy it 100% as a simple one mortal filmmaker. Apparently it was not Transformers and I was aware of that back when it was "Neil Gaiman's movie." What is it about? Well, in short, it's a Gaiman fairytale about a boy and a star. Moreover, and I would have given away the plot information that is (a) a violation of the contract, and (b) spoiling your fun. If you really want to know what it is, go buy the book. Noise has it, Gaiman might be a writer. You do not know what to expect in a movie can be so enjoyable if the surprise is worth it. And for that, it certainly was. This examination was "special" in that it included not only movie critics, but also exhibitors (rarely have a mixed screening) and local scientists / fantasy. So, you know the expected audience, right? I mean, with this crowd and Stardust, I knew what to expect. Oh, how nice I was. Yes, it's a fairy tale written by a famous author in the comic book. But he was not the Lord of the Rings. No other Lord of the Rings would have wanted (Eragon). It was much more intimate than all this. But, like Lord of the Rings, it was, well, the humanism of the film that sells the fantastic qualities. It's certainly a romantic story, but with generous humor. And that humor is like Shrekism. It's more in dramedy than in comedy. Before continuing, let's do this review of the movie. The action is at least good. It's always hard to say more than fantastic movies, but I think great roles have been important. Michelle Pfieffer is, unfortunately, not one of these. She plays a villain and does the job. Nothing special. Rupert Everett, however, was a real bastard. That's a big villain. Peter O'Toole is good, Peter frickin 'O'Toole - that's great. Ricky Gervais is perfectly expressed and shows why. Robert De Niro seemed to have too much fun for the most part. When he wanted to deliver the goods, he did. And Charlie Cox (who?), As a main character, was a wonderful surprise from a guy I never know. Claire Danes. Claire Danes. Claire Danes. I always had a mixed opinion with her. It can be great, and then it seems to miss the mark. In this, she is the first. And she is, literally, the star of this film. Sure, her focus is hindered here and there. And, yes, it's not as good as it can be when Cox is not on stage. However ... Well, see for yourself. The special effects are silent yet achieved, and only significant if they should be. The best flying ship yet - I'm sorry Potter. Direction is harmless and flowing nicely. Cinema could have been better, but not everyone filmed in New Zealand. All the rest are the top. <br /> <br /> And now that was done ... ... the writing. Oh, the writing! Neil, the devil. It's hard in today's climate to do something original and, at first, start asking. A kingdom, a dead king, a boy who proves his own worth, witch, ghost, a search (or three) - what's new? But Gaiman's story draws you with its familiarity to the surface just to subvert it all into a sweet original story of a boy and his heart. And, even though you suspect everything will happen, you will start to ask yourself in the third act and, if you are me, you will find yourself struggling in the climatic confrontation and hope for the best. Finally, you will find this story, this movie is what all fairy tales should be, but too often are not. Fantastic and real <br /> <br /> (I'd like to talk about Septimus vs Tristan, but I will not destroy it for you. For those who read the book, make sure it's done properly.) <Br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> What we talked after that had the same impression we did. A great movie for all ages to enjoy, and the new {FOLOSI} for this generation. The bookmark is completed only after the movie is in a broad version because you probably would have waited. You'll know when you leave, anyway. I sincerely hope that Stardust will not be lost among the toothpicks. Even if it happens, it will be a pleasure to push in the hands of everyone I know. <br /> <br /> <br /> I forgot to add the replay {WITHHELD}. I'm a few years late, but ... "A wonderful movie for all ages to enjoy the new PRINCESS BRIDE for this generation." <br /> <br /> Maybe a little bit of appreciation, but I'm still confident that the years are shaping up now, will be the same "Oh, I love this movie," reply to this, as it is now for Princess Bride .
