Okay, after reading some reviews about Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I just want to clarify some misunderstandings about the fact that it's a direct rupture from Nadia: The Blue Water Secret. The only part that was a Nadia ripoff is that the Nadia pendant and the Atlantis pendant carry so many signs of the way it is used, the origin and the way it was created from the source of life that it does not exist no doubt that it is copied. If you want to think about how Kida and Nadia are dressed the same way, you can put Disney too (it was strange for Nadia and Kida to wear bikini style clothes in a sci-fi adventure, not to mention that both move in a similar style). As a fan of the anime, I have to agree that there is some degree of copying, but it's only minor details, and though not many of the ideas are original (such as Laputa's wall-encryption design, Princess's old mask Mononoke, the likeness of the vehicles to the Garfish submarine in Nadia, etc.). The plot itself is very original and it is quite amazing that Disney can take it without Captain Nemo (the main character in the 20k leagues of Jules Verne Under the Sea, who is also the main character of Nadia). As for Mylo and Jean wearing similar style goggles ... As the novel "Lord of the Flies" shows, glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think Mylo, Jean, Stargate's main character and a dozen other "INTELLIGENT" characters would look a little inappropriate for their role if they come without glasses. As for the submarines and how the submarines struggle (with those explosive torpedoes that resemble very much what Nautilius does), I mean that it is a necessary element either for Atlantis if involved in the plot (the latter traces, under water). As for the crew with a resemblance to the Nautilus crew in Nadia, it could be a work of art, but I do not feel any copyright infringement there, because the personality of the character was perfectly original to me. As an anime fan who rated Nadia as the best anime I've ever seen today. I have doubts about Atlantis when I first saw the exam. But now, when I watched the movie, I regained my trust in Disney and I have great hopes for their next films after Atlantis. Overall, the best Disney movie, without shaking the sound of their songs in the middle of the movie, and it's a plus that they have revised their scriptures to make it even better. It's also amazing that they actually describe the bad guys look normal without making them too bad at first (I was wondering who the bad guys are, and just the blonde little girl looks like a bad guy in terms of how Disney pulls -a aka bad guys look really threatening)
