The movie "Atlantis: The Lost Empire" is a brilliant gem in the debris of recently produced Disney Studios. Parents who had to sit through "Jungle Book 2" or even a Pokemon movie will definitely appreciate this movie. The film is one of the few who are trying to make an original story; feature films were just reworking the existing stories. Movies like "Toy Story", "Finding Nemo" and "Monsters Inc." everything does the same, but it should be noted that all were made by Pixar and distributed only by Disney. Recent movies from Disney studios are mostly released directly on video and are a sequel to a successful movie. The quality of these films is in the way of profitability. A new era began with "Atlantis," followed by "Mulan", "Lilo & Stitch" and, most recently, "Open Range". Writers have created all the original story lines instead of past fairy tales. Much of the film is dedicated to trying to find Atlantis, a task that has captured the imagination of many for hundreds of years. Including that of the young Milo Thatch, expressed by Michael J. Fox. Milo is hired by a museum in Washington DC. His grandfather was a renowned archaeologist who dedicated his life to the discovery of Atlantis. This was seen as a waste of his colleagues and they want Milo not to follow him. After not persuading the board of the museum to sponsor the expedition, Milo comes home to find a woman in his dark apartment. She takes her to her employer, Mr. Whitmore. Whitmore was a close friend of Milo's grandfather and wants to send Milo with a team to locate Atlantis. Mr. Whitmore is very rich and paid for the best. The crew accompanying him is the same as his grandparents. The journey is full of many great obstacles to overcome and it is very fun to look at. The viewer finds himself trapped if they reach Atlantis. The plot has an unexpected turn after the discovery of Atlantis, not just the discovery of humans. Just keep the interest of the older audience. Animators have done a great job in the depth of animation. The movie has great success in combining traditional animation with computer-generated images. A feat is not easy to accomplish, most audiences quickly notice the difference between the two. Characters are credibly human. There are some chase scenes with a lot of action. Some queues are full of jokes that children can not get. Creativity of writers really shines. The culture of Atlantis is richly developed, including a whole tongue. The film uses references to Atlantis from historical sources, such as Plato. It explains the disappearance of Atlantis in the world. Credibly, if in a younger audience, magic really exists. The powers of the people of Atlantis are not presented exactly as magic, but can be described better in this way. Although set in 1914, the level of technology used is unrealistic. The trip lies in a submarine that reminds a lot of Captain Nemo's nautilus, complete with underpowers that torpedo fire. The giant excavators are powered by steam boilers, so they have tried for a vintage technology. Feminine characters are empowered in a way that old women would not have been, even holding roles in leadership. This is not a bad thing. It provides a good model for my daughter to look at, rather than a cast male. One reason this movie is my favorite over other Disney movies is that there is no single song ever. A tradition that began with the first feature film "White Snow" and continued to "The Lion King," almost every Disney movie is full of highly acclaimed songs. This is wonderful and all, what would be the Seven Dwarfs without "Hi HO!"? After the eighth moment you would be better off, but that's what the parent forsakes. Not once, every person on the screen suddenly knows the words of a song that no one has ever heard and which broke into the song. I am grateful for one. The story and depth of animation is sure to keep the attention of both parent and child alike. It's a movie I'm willing to watch again and again with my kids.
