Disney, the name of the film that once stood for all innocent and fitting things for all ages, began to realize that in order to survive it must become more diversified. Such diversity has been very evident in recent years. Movies such as "Tarzan" and "The Emperor's New Groove" have made an attempt to move away from the traditional routine of the Disney past and the new unexplored territory. "Atlantis" is the most daring step, but we have to remember: This is still Disney. The first serious movie that came out of Disney's animation studio is an important achievement for them - in fact it is so serious that it does in the PG territory. Maybe why a lot of families have been scared since she saw her last summer. But, despite the more mature subject, this is still a movie that Disney wanted to attract into families with, not just mature so the plot had to be kept simple enough for children to understand, but quite interesting to He pulls out of the "Little Mermaid" sphere and others. So what we get is actually a potentially detailed story, unfortunately suffering the blow to being condensed in a 96-minute film. Finally, this is an action movie about Atlantis, not about the exhibition that precedes it, so we are snatched in the first half an hour, with as many sequences bombing the screen as possible without losing consistency. Stop your mistrust of the way characters get from point A to point B so fast, you're unlikely to find an animated movie to come up in Hollywood! If you want epic levels detailed in the plot, go back to James Cameron's "Titanic." Both films have a boat somehow. <br /> <br /> And let's talk about love, do not you? Yes, as with many movies, the lead man (a Milo Thatch, a fearsome archaeologist) and the colorful woman (Kida, the Atlantean cliché princess) will fall in love with each other. But what I found was not as clichic as I was expecting. By the end of the movie, for once, the characters who touched / felt / kissed the sequence were much more obedient. There are different points in the movie where the attraction increases, but it is not just in the golf park, for example, "Little Mermaid". You might have realized it was rather a cliché movie. Correct. You have the main hero and the main heroine, supported by more than half a dozen crew members on the expedition, all of whom have been given moments during the movie. Many other characters will appear, will take a few minutes of the screen, then disappear. Does not he need a genius to do math? a 96-minute film with an accent on action and visual, and with considerable distribution, has very little time to expand the characters to any major extent. So what is it based on? Clichés and many of them. Each character simulates something that has been done a thousand times before. Do you have the stingy scientist, the attractive princess, the colonel preserved, the rich eccentric, the maniac sleazy, the fatal Russian females? I have to go? <br /> <br /> I do not know why he got to nobody? I found the amorous nature of this pretty funny movie. Okay, that's a serious shot, but do you really expect Disney to drop every trait of their history? At least the writers have tried to come up with a consistent and wisdomful dialogue and sometimes even a little inspired. But, finally, there are those stunning visions that have put their heads on this cake. The CGI animation is truly amazing in places and does not give the characters, which was a defect that leaves the recent "Titan A.E." down. Talking about the characters, Disney hired an outside comic book artist to create the drawings, bringing an anime style to the movie. Infact The visual presentation of the film as a whole owes a lot of anime, much more than any previous Disney trip. This led to a conflict with Japanese anime fans, "Nadia", for the film's similarities to the cartoon series. I have not seen this anime, I can not comment. With the image, there is sound. Gary Rydstrom leads the sound team and what soundtrack! From an opening blow, the sound stage is alive and is a treatment. James Newton Howard treats us in a dynamic musical score that compliments the movie in any way, without ringing it, and always helps build tension or suppress it. Perhaps I lacked the view of the creators they intended. For me, the movie shows that it's an adventurous adventure, though more serious than any other Disney movie in front of him. If you do not like the clichid attitude of the tongue in the cheek, then perhaps the effort that has been poured into the visual will delight. Heck, at least mythology is much more correct than other Disney efforts (* tuse * Hercules * cuse *). This is a positive review, 10 out of 10, from someone who was snapped out of this movie. Do I always suspend my unbelief with any animated film? after all, the real world laws are more than often broken in the cartoon environment. Stay so, enjoy the walk, and maybe whoever can find something to enjoy this movie.
