Honorable men cite Cuba Gooding Jr., as well as real life, Navy Diver Carl Brashear, who defied a man's marina to become America's first Navy Diver. Sometimes, with him and sometimes his opponent, he was a man Carl Brashear really admired. His name was Chief Master Billy Sunday (Robert DeNiro). Sunday in many ways pushed, aggravated and helped Carl become the man he wanted to be. <br /> <br /> I loved Cuba in this movie. His presentation here is as liberating and as powerful as Denzel Washington in the Hurricane. Through each scene, we can see her passion, motivation and stubbornness to achieve her dream. We can see the fight in him as he embarks on making his father proud. I also liked the way the director created and brought a lot of tension to some of the key scenes of diving. Brashear's encounter with a submarine during a rescue mission is inactive and brilliant. <br /> <br /> The only mistake I saw should be in the support. The characters of Cuba and DeNiro are very complicated and interesting to watch. Which makes you a little sad when you have to head your head with such two-dimensional characters. The Poor Lt. Cmdr. Hanks, Sunday wife (Charlize Theron), Colonel of Eccentric School (Hal Holbrook), and love interest in Cuba are the characters I have discovered that do not have too much depth. What could have made these characters far more substantial and more effective would have been a little more time to develop them. Why was the Colonel always in his tower? How was Sunday's wife so bitter and always drunk? Another curious question must be this. What happened to Carl Brashear's wedding? I mean, if this movie chronicles the life of this man, would his wedding not be an important event? Maybe it's just me. Honorable men, however, is a perfect example of the triumph and faith that the human spirit encompasses. This movie will inspire and make you feel about this man's struggle. What I think was the reason why this storyline was told. My hat goes to you, Carl Brashear. I really admire your power. <br /> <br />
