Military training films become so common that they become a genre for themselves. Among the most prominent we have "Officer and a Gentleman", "Top Gun", "GI Jane" and now "Men of Honor". The fact that this happened to be true does not change the fact that the formula is the same. This movie is most likely "GI Jane" because it focuses on the angle of desegregation. The story is actually quite inspired and is probably the best story of human interest among those mentioned above. Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) is undoubtedly a man with great courage and principle, and his power of character shines brilliantly in this film. Unfortunately, director George Tillman has a vision of the tunnel in character presentation and avoids the development of characters of different characters, other than Brashear, in favor of showing Brashear in a constant state of adversity. Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro) is a central figure and, with the exception of the initial scene, the fight of fist and scenes with his wife, we do not know much about him. For example, Brashear sees the scars on Sunday's palms, and we have to assume he worked a plug, but there is no follow-up on that. Mr. Pappy (Hal Holbrook) receives only a short scene where we can judge him. The rest of the screen time shows him walking and laughing. If a director does a story of human interest, he has to humanize the characters. Cuba Gooding Jr. offers remarkable performance as Brashear. It's probably the best I've ever seen. This is a role and a character that is much more complete than any part he has played before, and he stands up to this occasion. In "Jerry Maguire," Rod Tidwell was a fascinating but unidimensional character with the depth of a puddle of rain. Brashear is much more complex and more grounded, and the problems it faces are life crises, making the role more challenging. This is an excellent recovery from Gooding's last role in Chill Factor, a movie so frightening that it was almost an act of professional suicide to take part. After a party trying his hand like a comic ("Analyzes This", "Rocky & Bullwinkle Adventures," Meet Parents), Robert DeNiro returns to his dramatic roots with remarkable performance. DeNiro is not a bad comic, he is just such a dramatic actor, who seems to have no time to do comedy. DeNiro gives Billy a strong rock personality on a Sunday, which combines with a tortured soul. It's a pleasure to watch him work. <br /> <br /> It seems that every movie I have been watching lately has Charlize Theron in it. I saw Bagger Vance's legend, Men of Honor and The Yards straightforward, and I started to wonder if she had every movie in 2000 (she actually made only five). This was a minor role for Theron, but she did it well and managed to stay with DeNiro step by step. David Keith, who starred with Richard Gere in "Officer and a Gentleman," has a cameo here. The DVD has some exciting special features, including Carl Brashear's reflections and some erased scenes. <br /> <br /> I liked this film despite the one-dimensional plot and presentation. I rated it at 7/10. I am a sucker for underdog stories and I have a boldness for stories where the power of the character is the central theme. This film is particularly strong in both areas and brings us two memorable performances that compensate for some of the director's shortcomings.
