After watching two of her silent pants, "Elena and her men (1956)" is my first feature film by French director Jean Renoir and I enjoyed it very much. However, I did not watch the movie for Renoir, but for star Ingrid Bergman, who? at 41? still radiating beauty, elegance and unmatched charm. In the early 1950s, after his scandalous marriage to Italian Roberto Rossellini, Bergman temporarily fell out of public favor. The next five films, directed by her husband, were not successful in the United States, and I suspect that Renoir's latest version did little to increase Bergman's popularity with the English-speaking public (yet she regained her former success with an Oscar in the same year "Anastasia (1956)"). She plays the role of Elena Sokorowska, a Polish princess who sees himself as a kind of guardian angel, bringing success and recognition to promising people everywhere before abandoning them immediately. While working on lucky charm to help with the political aspirations of General Francois Rollan (Jean Marais), she wakes up in a love she can not take away. This vaguely political film works well either as a satire or as a romantic comedy, as long as you do not take it too seriously; is a purely romantic puff simply. Filmed in vibrant Technicolor, "Elena and her men" also look terrible, a butterfly of colors, characters and bright costumes. Bergman's Polish princess is dreamed and to some extent absorbed by herself, not in an impossible way, but hardly a woman with high principles and convictions. She is convinced by a team of scary governmental conspirators to persuade General Rollan to organize a coup d'etat, exploiting with goodwill the love for her to satisfy her own illusions as a "guardian angel." Perhaps the only legitimate character of the cinema is Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then Audrey Hepburn's husband), who ignores the selfish secondary motives of all others and follows Elena just for love and love. This, Renoir suggests with pride, is what the true French does best. "Elena and her men" are also trying moderately successful to expose the superficiality of the French upper class ties, through Eugène's left philosophy (Jacques Jouanneau), who can not make love to his maid master. For these sequences, Renoir obviously attempts a kind of humor that you can find in a Marx Brothers movie, but the movie itself is so relaxed and relaxed that the energy is not there.
