Since I visited the third or fourth moment, I abstained from La Maman et la putain while I was waiting for the DVD. Meanwhile, I read the French script, as well as the monograph of Alain Philippon about Jean Eustache. The second one ends with frustrating filmmaking, eleven films, fiction, dock, and between them, impossible to see, or, in the case of Mes petites amoureuses and Le Père Noël ..., see again. <br /> <br /> Some questions that have struck me this moment: Véronika's French language is quite colloquially (a maximum d '' a maximum d '). Even so, does it have an accent? I think I can say he does. What is missing the absence of colors, especially on the spot, where the edge of the city is perceived? How does this fringe of sleep differ, and the journey that separates the world from the Tempest and the Winter Story? Ditto Alphaville. Could we imagine the past years since we did it, but Eustache deliberately circumscribes the film environment? Is it a charming island? Is Alexander a fairy tale? Alexandre always corrects himself, worrying about how or where to stand or go, what to say when announcing these decisions to who cares less than doing what he does. Or is this his way of trying to correct others by doing it for himself? How different is it from Vertigo's Scottie? (I say, I think very.) What is the difference and there is one, between Léaud, Eustache, Truffaut and Godard? How different is the present Léaud? Still, no matter what, in the recent roles, Irma Vep, Le Pornographe, no matter what comes to old age? Once we arrived earlier for one of a series of Truffaut films, especially Antoine Doinel (the character of Léaud). For a long time, every three or five minutes, down the aisle, a twenty-year-old man would come in the scarf, in the tweed coat, the Leoud hair, with a steering nose. I have no idea if this was conscious or unconscious mimetism. I was this age, but I have no idea what I did then. Without a scarf, at least. Still, I have a brother who seems to have taught his Bresson cart.
