As it is in heaven {SPOILER WARNING} This was a great human drama that stimulated my emotions and imagination. <br /> <br /> This is a parable that revises the life and death of Christ. Daniel is a talented superior musician who is physically and mentally exhausted from his career, and must give up. When he joins the church choir as a cantor, he brings a transformation into the lives of the culturists, as Jesus did to society in Palestine since the beginning of the last century. They laugh, start to speak openly and sincerely to one another, their flaws are exposed, they accept each other, they love each other, they become a vital community. These include the young man with mental disabilities ("Tore"), inclusion. Pastor Stig enjoyed authority by imposing a terrible morality on the congregation, which is gradually rejected by culturists. When Stig rejects Daniel, there is a revolt, and Stig is crushed. Stig represents the Jewish authorities of Jesus' day, whose insistence on obedience to Jewish law offered a strong contrast to the new life through the "golden rule" brought by Jesus. In a dramatic scene, someone says "the church invented sin." Throughout this film, there is this contrast between morality and life (being). True to the story of Christ, Daniel is killed by Conny, when he beats him, he lets him drown in the evil. The next scene, we can hardly believe, when the body of Daniel (risen!) Is dragged into his room (the tomb), dressed in a white sheet (the shroud!) Three women (three women watch vigilant at the foot of the cross Daniel is close to Lena, a warm and beautiful woman who was betrayed by a man she loved and is now promiscuous (Jesus developed a close relationship with Mary Magdalena-Lena - who was probably a courtesan / prostitute With Daniel, Daniel learns to love, something he wanted, and now he finds fulfillment. Gabrielle's solo, composed by Daniel, means living a whole life, unlike the moral correctness that leads to worry about the sin, and what is good and bad. The final stage shows the chorus, which sings / fidget in harmony, as a mantra, attracting the general public, exemplifying the harmony and interdependence of the car It's our true human destiny.
