A famous orchestra conductor, Daniel Dareus, suffers what appears to be a heart attack because he has finished a concert. Suddenly we watch him as he arrives in the little town he left years ago. Since he's gone so young and the change of his name helps to give him a new person. He bought the old school building where he intends to stay. The building needs a lot of work. We could expect a man in his position to have all the comforts of the world he left behind to be installed in his new home, but no, Daniel rises with his harsh winter in his own way. Local pastor Stig, whose church has a small choir, comes to see if he can ask Daniel for help, but the conductor is not allowed to return to the music. Daniel begins to explore his new universe. City people leave him alone. He makes an impression on Lena, who works in the local shop, where he's going to get food. Little by little, he turns around and decides to get involved in choir. Lena will eventually fall in love with Daniel. At first, the relationship between Daniel and the members of the choir is not exactly what he expected. As I know him better, they come to accept and make him one of them. His new position does not fall in love with the woman who was in charge. The members of the choir are a colorful crew, but they realize the change Daniel made in the way they play different songs. The new song composed for Gabriella, a mocking wife, has a huge impact on her and other singers' lives. Daniel's repertoire ideas contradict his own Stig. The vicar suddenly begins to see Daniel in a new light; he is a tormented man who likes to read pornographic magazines before making love to his wife, Siv. His ideas contradict dogma, as Siv points out. Stig decides to try to stop what he considers an unhealthy influence of Daniel by burning him as the choir chief. The choir, who was invited to participate in a contest, travels to Austria. Daniel, who has so far fallen for Lena, has the opportunity to show her feelings for the first time in her life when she begins to doubt their relationship. Daniel, who is late for his own concert, hears them with extraordinary music, even though he is not among them. Kay Pollak, the director of this extremely appealing film, shows that he was the man who directed him. The story involves the viewer from the beginning. Much of the success of the film is about the whole piece that has been put together. William Nykvist, who plays the lead role, is the best excuse to watch the film. Frida Hallgren, Niklas Falk, Ylva Loof, work excellent for Mr Pollak. Stefan Nilsson is the composer for most of the beautiful music I hear. Harald Gunnar Paalgard's film makes the film better show different seasons for the spectator in their beauty.
