First of all, I really enjoyed this film and its message, about which I dare to live to the fullest. Very poetic, with delightful and funny and sad scenes, very lively, it was a pleasure to look. Here are my exceptions: The film was too long and, at one point, continued to add more and more conflicts so it began to lose the story line. But I do not agree with another comment that it is unrealistic to have so many people with "strange" problems in such a small village. I think it was absolutely realistic! There are incredible dramas that happen everywhere, we just do not know about people we meet only superficially. I did not like the end, which was so burdened with symbolism and force. She left a bad taste because it was too much. I did not like that so many big problems were mentioned dramatically in the group (when some accused others of all other important things, people would be more "ashamed" to say everything so personally to everyone, even if these people are a group with whom they work closely). And: defense is the most powerful instinct of human beings. So, why on earth, Daniel would have been beaten and never avenged, not even to defend himself? I mean, he was not weak, maybe at least trying to defend himself when he was attacked, but he just went crazy to see him doing nothing. It was as if the storyteller tried to bring a message like "no violence is needed," but the way he chose to do it was not good. I'm also against violence, but the character loses credibility when he stays motionless despite all the attacks. And: Gabriella ... why a woman who spends years with a man who beats her goes to a man when he is arrested and says, "I do not want you any harm, like all of us." In fact, this has spoiled so much! Will he be a saint or what? It would be normal for her to be bitter, but not nearly as "holy" and therefore not human. Was he working with Daniel and music so great he made her forget what happened to him? Oh, please. So these were moments of wandering. However, I think everything is a delightful movie, which is quite amazing, given my discomfort with a few things. Look!! ;-) "
