Renowned international conductor Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) has a heart attack with stressful work lives and breaks off his successful career with early retirement. He decides to return to his hometown in northern Sweden, where his mother left when he was a seven-year-old boy who was assaulted by Conny and other school colleagues to live a low life. He buys an old school and is invited to attend church choir by local Shepherd Stig (Niklas Falk), but Daniel rejects and refuses the principle. However, she gets involved in the community and feels attracted to Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with a past with a local doctor. His music opens the hearts of the members of the choir, affecting their everyday life: André Sjöberg has the chance to participate in the chorus, Ingela Olsson, Stig's wife, frees her suppressed sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) takes an attitude towards her abusive and violent husband; boss and frustrated Siv (Ilva Lööf) opens his heart against Lena; Holmfrid fat (Mikael Rahm) complains enough against the jokes of businessman Arne (Lennart Jähkel); even Daniel begins to love people and Lena as the love of his life. When invited to take part in an important contest in Vienna, Daniel finds his music opening the hearts of people who make their dream come true. "Så Som I Himmelen" is a sensitive and sensitive film with a very beautiful story. It is impressive how Kay Pollak and scriptwriters have managed to develop a large number of characters in 132 minutes. The performances are the first time, supported by a magnificent music score and at least two wonderful moments: when Gabrielle sings her concert and certainly the last concert in Vienna with the audience, the jury and everyone who is participating in the song, Daniel his dream was fulfilled. As in the "Theorem," the alien changes lives, not only from a family but from a conservative community. In addition, like many European films, the open conclusion shows that Daniel died, at least in my interpretation, reaching peace with the success of his music. My eyes were damp in these two scenes. My vote is new. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A Vida no Paraíso" ("Life in Paradise")
