My expectations were big enough for this movie. Everyone who knows who saw this movie at the cinema told me that everyone there was in credit because they were so touched. My expectations could not have been greater, however great she would be disappointed. I was just disappointed with this movie. I liked how he treated difficult subjects without going through the usual steps that a Hollywood film tends to include. In this film, the characters worked through problems they had for decades, worked through prejudices, learned to open up. But it did not come easy, not just singing a song or two. It was painful, she took arguments, she had confrontations. It felt like a real life. A scene that really left me was the stage where Gabriella plays her song. Helen Sjöholm is one of my favorite singers, her voice is great and you could say that she did not just miss a previous recording during the filming (which I often find in other movies), she really sang with the whole body and soul. You felt what Gabriella felt in that scene. If this movie had been made at Hollywood, her song would most likely have been played at the end and would have made her husband open his eyes and see the mistakes of her ways, and make the other people in the village do one thing or two. Instead, he came halfway and did not come up with solutions. Her husband did not overwhelm her and did what she puts in her way and does not seem to make anyone else in the village lighter. She was beautiful, she was pure and touching, but she does not magically solve all her problems. That sounded real to me, it probably would have been what would have happened in real life. The whole movie kept my real life, nothing well wrapped, but everything with a sense of joy and happiness. You rarely find a movie that feels so realistic. There were a few things that bothered me, but hey, no movie is perfect. If you have not already done so, you should see "as it is in the sky" and be full of joy for life, a sense of hope and the feeling that you have been touched by rare-touch movies. You will be sad, painful, happy and a dozen other emotions. Someone once said that if everybody in the world would sing in a chorus there would be no wars. Seeing this movie, I may agree.
