Kay Pollak's heart-warmer since 2004 Så som i himmelen / As it is in Heaven, it contains every stereotype of Swedish mankind and inhumanity, yet succeeding to be thankful. It contains a lot of ammunition for cynical critics, observers of continuity errors and those who uninstall saccharine, but manages to evoke the colors of life in a small community. The film also runs a wide range of proverbial messages about "finding your own voice" and "just doing it in spite of fear" without completely removing the pieces from the cynics' necks. the multitude of pleasure comes from two deeds. First of all, small films about strangers who bring new life to Christian communities in the countryside offer plenty of possibilities for exposure to hypocrisy, while allowing repressed characters to get out of their hair. In the same year and with a similar Swedish breeze, Queen's Queen of Sheba made her, and Babette's Feast comes to mind. Secondly, any film about the small communities that will take the whole world wide will hit a human chord in our increasingly individual / autocentric and impersonalized world. This structural similarity of the movie with Full Monty, Brassed Off, Girls Calendar and on a clear day shows the indebtedness of the formula. But it is a formula with the life still in it, and this seems to be because people need positive message films that evoke a sense of community almost in spite of them. The stranger is burned master Daniel Daréus on a search for self-rediscovery. The city he visits or, rather, comes back to, is, without knowledge for locals, the place of his childhood. He was brutally assaulted by classmates here, probably because he was a delicate musician without the aspiration to drive a truck. Here, he takes cantor / chommaster work, despite the usual suspicions of artists and outsiders. The place is, of course, inhabited by a wide range of recognizable types whose character arc can be predicted: the tired, straight-faced face that is so beautiful that it almost shines; the local businessman who calls the phone; the woman whose beauty is lost in the midst of domestic abuse; the olar pastor and his less austere wife, who at first seemed to be outside Ingmar Bergman. Also present: jealousy, spinster (Siv) (check); geriatric whose soul still plays (check); an elderly couple who may have repressed the desires of one another for the kindergarten (check); obese person whose job is to point out that we should not laugh and say "fat" (check); from an intellectual point of view, a boy who proves to be able to play a good "A" (check). Pollak's film is not, however, a hot fuzzy. It deviates from "putting a show in spite of the sub-genres of failures and moral opposition." It contains violence and an end that could be a metaphor to die after having achieved creative nirvana. The violence of the film is largely a function of male rage and repression, but there is never a deeper insight into why the school bully that grows up in a beating of a wife is like that. Similarly, the little pastor adheres so closely to the moralist stereotype, wearing a super-Protestant black, that his secret indulgence in girl magazines is not at all surprising. His reprisals and hypocrisies are just there, tangled with no connection to psychological reality. Perhaps the inexplicable photograph of a young boy, probably a lost son, once saw over his shoulder, kept the secret. Perhaps these holes are editing functions, such as some inconsistencies and continuity issues that may be like Siv's unmistakable recurrence in chorus (twice) after the moralistic outbursts. In fact, none of the pieces in the movie take too long and all seem to be solved in a scene. In addition to some strange love scenarios, the movie is 127 minutes rarely shoot, but there is a feeling that things could have been left on the floor cutting room. The film remains massively three stars, despite the holes that can be gathered in it. This is because, in a world of technology-focused filming and material search, any vision of the human community is, deep down, welcome to anyone, even cynical.
