This is a BBC-TV mini-series, which is based on the mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is really a study of assorted characters in the story that lasts for five hours. This is an overall piece where a wide variety of brilliant British actors can show their talents. The real characters presented are really "the kind of people they do not normally meet," people so boring and indiscriminate that it is difficult to admire them. For example, the main character is a young husband (whose wife disappears), who has no job or obvious interest in finding anything. He lives outside the newspapers from his parents. He was once in the army, but he does not seem to have the slightest flicker of any ambition or interest in life besides doting his little family. It's played by David Oyelowo, who is brilliant on his part, who meets up as a very sympathetic person, although his only activities for five hours are loving and grieving, which makes him gorgeous, so someone wants to he cares, as he is, of course, a cute guy. The outstanding performance of the whole series is undoubtedly Penelope Wilton, acting around the circles of everyone in the story. It's simply incredible. She portrays a very neat woman, indeed the only person in the story, who is too familiar to everyone, an idiot woman, elderly, irrational, hysterical, selfish, dense, queer, loving orbiting. Unfortunately, we know them too well. Wilton is one of the most beautiful actresses in the UK (see my review of "Half Broken Things"). She takes a character that could have been two-dimensional and would do it in four dimensions. She is greatly supported by old pro Patrick Malahide, who interprets her exasperated husband, and the two have set a high standard for all younger players. Janet McTeer, a spectacular actress, when she is younger, has become a much less sympathetic guy now that she is older, has stayed in a certain way and gave up, but she is redeemed in the final stages of the story , showing how brilliant an actress she can be when she has a chance by pulling on one of the most convincing and original beat scenes I've ever seen on the film. The big surprise is the enigmatic character Sarah, played with great depth and originality by actress Sarah Smart. She takes a character that could have been unbearably tedious and pure magic that turns her into a deeply mysterious and intriguing person that we are tirelessly asking for five hours. She's so good in coming to ask about Sarah Smart, honestly. I think that's what happens when you do your job well, people wonder where the character ends and the actress starts, if she knows, not many. She has some deeply disturbing tricks with her eyes that spin and tell us she's disappointed, but we're not sure how and why, though we finally find out he has a very violent and traumatic childhood. The mastery of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary. Rory Kinnear is incredibly convincing as a seemingly hopeless man who lives with his mother and is not too much but proving to have hidden depths. (I suppose most people have hidden depths, but we want to do it, that's the question.) His mother is played very well by Margot Leicester. A gorgeous show is given by Lucinda Dryzek, who plays a rebellious teenager of the kind we all afraid to meet but who, in crucial moments, collapses in helpless tears and turns out to be pathetic, with her arrogance only poetry. Three other children are also very good, Lucinda's girlfriend and her half-brother. The younger brothers may indeed be very weak as characters in the story (they seem to be incapable of saying something particularly articulate, being hopeless witnesses to extinction), little to recommend, but for their sweet nature, but that is transmitted to a marvelous effect by Lee Massey as a boy and Tyler Anthony as the girl. Harriet Walter has a small role, but we do not get to see much of it, which is a shame because she is such a beautiful actress that she was wasted here. It could go further, but you have to draw a line somewhere. The series manages to be strangely fascinating because of the depth of portraiture of all these uninterested essential people caught in a network of intense anxiety and suspense.
