Still the definitive program of World War II, World at War is not only long but also very informative. The series contains 26 episodes (each episode lasts about 45 minutes) and includes the events that led to and after the war. Most episodes are about the war in Europe and there are several episodes of the Pacific War. Other episodes include information about the wars in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic and the fronts of origin in Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States and the Soviet Union. There is an episode dedicated to the Holocaust. The series begins with the episode "A New Germany" (1933-1939) and tells about the rise of the Nazis in Germany and German territorial gains before the outbreak of the war. The series ends with the Episode Remember; the influence of war in a post-war world. Remember a good episode to end this wonderful program. Each episode begins with a brief introduction and then with opening credits. Credits are accompanied by a strong musical theme. There are many pieces of music that fit the whole series. Each episode is like a mini-movie. The recordings are fantastic, so is the way it was put together. In addition, some of the materials are colored. The information included also makes memorable and fun episodes. The series was produced by Jeremy Isaacs for Thames Television (UK). Founded in 1969, it took four years to produce, so was the depth of its research. The series was portrayed by Laurence Olivier (one of the most famous and respected actors of the 20th century). The series of interviews with Allied and Axis campaign leaders, including eyewitness accounts for civilians, included men, officers and politicians, including Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis LeMay, Lord Mountbatten, Alger Hiss, Toshikazu Kase, Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Junge and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs says in "Making the World at War" that he sought to interview, not necessarily the big surviving names, but also their assistants and assistants. The most difficult subject to locate and convince that he is interviewed, in Isaac's opinion, was Heinrich Himmler's adjuvant, Karl Wolff. The latter admitted that he witnessed a large-scale execution in the presence of Himmler. The world at war is often considered to be the definitive history of World War II television. Some think this is the best example of the documentary form. In a list of the 100 largest British television programs developed by the British Film Institute in 2000, they were voted by industry professionals, The World at War ranked 19th. The program has everything the spectator needs to know about war. After watching a few episodes, I liked the show so much that I tried to see what episodes were left behind. I've seen some of them several times. There are two other important documentary series that I know might be of interest to the spectator. One is called the Great War (1964), which is about the First World War. The other is called the Cold War (1998), which is obvious about the Cold War.
