This is the first and only feature of Paul F. Ryan. Since then he has done nothing. However, he managed to get an amazing overall casting to describe the characters of his story. I do not know when or why the idea came out in the head, but Ryan wrote a script that later became his own directed film "Home Room". Busy Philipps bears the film on his shoulders like Alicia, a troubled girl; those we always see in the television series. With dark hair and black clothes; a pack of cigarettes in his pocket, weird look and troubled eyes (with makeup, of course). An event took place at her school; a shooting. Some students have died and seen everything. Now Detective Martin Van Zandt (Victor Garber) is investigating the case and, as expected, Alicia is suspect. But filming is just genesis; the film does not refer to shooting. Lying in bed in a hospital room is Deanna Cartwright (Erika Christensen). She is one of the survivors of the hospital. The script establishes a link between them by the school principal (James Pickens Jr). He helps all students recover from the event, but Alicia does not seem to care. It's isolated. So the principal punishes her; she needs to visit Deanna every day until five o'clock. Then the movie starts. I can not even describe how wonderful the film has written. I can identify with the characters and situations they live in; I like reality. These things could happen to anyone. And the things I say are completely understandable. They grow up and try to deal with things they have not experienced; they do everything they can. Without knowing it, Alicia (when she visits Deanna for the first time) and Deanna (when she sees Alicia standing in front of her) start a journey that will define their personalities and ideas for the next step in life; after high school. The director leads Christensen and Philipps through their roles very well. Look at the contrast between them. Deanna seems naive and simple thoughts; no complexity in her mind. When Alicia enters her room and sees tons of flowers, she asks, "Who brought them?" "Many people," Deanna replies; although a few days later we learn that I am from her parents who come every week. Parent numbers are well represented, but they are not as important as the characters of their sons. Deanna is alone. Alicia looks mature and violent; fumigating cigarettes and talking brutally. But after two days of visit, he is found every day in the hospital; even sleeping in Deanna's room all night. When they both fight afterwards, I think Deanna says, "Why are you coming back?" Alicia is also lonely. The end of the film, without destroying it, is a bit disappointing; is something I do not expect. Eliminates some of the power of the movie. Revelation is totally useless; destroying the logical climax that the movie might have had. It was an excellent script anyway; and an excellent direction. A funny movie. When it comes to Erika Christensen, it was the role he had to cover above. Her role in Traffic was impressive, but that was the big step; lead role. Perhaps not many have had a chance to see it in this movie, and that's a shame. He has not made a false move since then. He even went out with good performances in terrible movies. On the other hand, Busy Philipps, who turned out to be very promising in this film (what a transformation), does not have many opportunities for other roles. The same thing about Paul F. Ryan (directed by the curse) and I expect to sit down now on his computer finishing the new script; I'm waiting for the next movie. Hope to be the best for everyone.
