Laurence Olivier's beautiful music and delivery have set the perfect tone for this remarkable documentary. This is another thing that we must see for World War II lovers, the descendants of the participants in the conflict, politicians who think things always go when they expand their foreign policy through the deck of an aircraft carrier (you have heard that George Bush? Anyone else curious or who needs to know who is someone and who has a conflict aspect.The 26 episodes are roughly in chronological order but can be seen from the sequence because they are more or less self- It must be a new perspective for the new spectator, because of the very large volume presented.The actual pictures of the battles are interwoven with the interviews of those involved in the stories Many of the interviews are with second line authorities, main, private, captains, secretaries, eyewitnesses and the like. You will get one the real taste of the war I'm thinking about. I am currently watching the DVD version of the original TV documentary. We strongly recommend this over the consumed, lost, over-valued VHS bids available on eBay. I paid 120 $ Cdn for two DVDs with 2 sides. This new version includes bonus material and is in full screen mode. Menus are easy to follow, there is first a choice of the episode you want to view, and then after you have selected the option to broadcast the different chapters in the episode or to play the entire episode. It is understandable with such a comprehensive presentation that there is a smaller amount of navigation in the menu, but the impact of what you see is not diminished after 30 years, not 60 years after the end of the war. <br /> <br /> I remember seeing the first broadcast on Buffalo PBS just before I moved from London in 1975 and I really wanted to have a copy right from that moment. Now, my desire is finally fulfilled. See this documentary. Tell your friends. Buy a copy for your library. Remember and honor the sacrifices and challenges surpassed by those in America, Russia, Great Britain, Canada and all the other nations and peoples involved in the final victory. What an eye opener.
