This series, probably produced at the most advantageous time after the events of the Second World War, is on a scale that far exceeds the presumption of each individual to criticize. The time of world war production in 1974, worth about three decades after the events of the war, allows an accurate correlation of events in an unclear manner of residual propaganda and tilt. The passage of thirty years allows the story to be supported by an impressive and fascinating panoply of the other involved, ranging from some of the highest military and political figures to soldiers, civilians and survivors of the death camps remained to testify the unimaginable humanities that human beings are capable of. The closest or the best in their age, the interviewed subjects had enough time to reflect on their experiences, and in most cases they had enough time for any propaganda and fervor that had affected them in the past leaving only memories of what they saw and what they did. The information these survivors give, strikingly amplified by the positions and expressions they display while telling their part, gives their stories much more influence. Such names as Ira Eaker, Adolph Galland, Louis Mountbatten, Albert Speer, Gertrude Junge (Hitler's personal secretary) ... the list is too long to bind. <br /> <br /> Today, during the life of the survivors of this enormous lesson, in the amazing price of political ambition, young people are singing the same kind of promotion of the military and nationalist war that led to the Second World War . The DVD series we are discussing here should embrace the core of a subject of compulsory history in schools, that lessons bought at such a horrible cost in those days should not have been wasted, but should be taken to heart by those who did not see the first time terribly pricey. We have almost finished watching the 11-disc set, seeing most of the series when a local TV channel broadcast it more than 10 years ago. It has not lost any effect on me, indeed it has become even more a magnificent chronicle of one of the darkest days of human time. The greatest possible assessment seems to be unworkable to be applied to this presentation. I think the value of this series is beyond counting.
