This exciting feature has a very beautiful story, quite colorful characters and a very stable rhythm. also incorporates a plotting device from "Reap the Wild Wind," and Cecil B. Deille directed that this son-in-law, Anbthony Quinn, directed this film from his preparations, which can hardly be a coincidence. works in both cases, I have to report. The unusual setting tells the spectator that Barataria, an island led by Jean Lafitte, is built on the basis of piracy, but during the war of 1812 and before, he always abstained from bothering the United States ships. Now, General Andrew Jackson has been charged with protecting nearby New Orleans, with only 12,000 men, against 60,000 British waterproofs and 60 ships. Lafitte's people want him to be part of the stronger force; he wants freedom and forgiveness for his people before giving up a strategic point of landing to US forces. There are other factors that work in the story line; pirate Bonnie Brown and her father want to attack the American ships and make it in contradiction with Lafitte's orders, leaving a boy alive without knowing they lost an eyewitness. When his testimony finally comes out, Jackson can not give what Lafitte asks; but Lafitte supports him anyway and in the fog, the pirates and Jackson take the British and go to every destiny that a man who has genius and dominion but no fortune is waiting for. The film of this colorful and physically beautiful film is really good. Yul Brynner has one of the best roles in the role of the pirate king, Inger Stevens is beautiful; as the girl he loves, Charles Boyer has many good lines as a counselor, the mighty Lorne Greene is a rival, E.G. Marshall governor and Claire Bloom are charismatic like Bonnie Brown. Others in the cast included Ted de Corsia, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull, Jackson's counselor, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries and Leslie Bradley. Elmer Bernstein's music is very memorable, and the 1938 remake here has only to be refreshed a bit. The brilliant film was the work of veteran Loyal Griggs, decorated by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, decorated by Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and costumes by Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester. Nellie Manley made the elaborate hairstyles and Wally Westmore makeup difficult. The film contains a good dialogue on the adventure level and a very strong climate battle scene. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, prepared to play the role of a bigger general and then discovered that man was young during the fight; but he is often effective with gray hair or not, especially in his exchanges with Henry Hull as Mr. Peavey. This is an exciting and well-fitting entertainment that looks exactly like C.B. DeMille finished production; is a beautiful and almost beautiful cinematic picture.
