I recently read a book about Nancy Drew 20 years ago, so much of my memory of fiction is probably flawed. From what I gathered, my books were presented to me at a time when the teens were popular with the children who grew up at that time (for me, the 80's and the early 90's), with Hardy Boys, Famous Five and of course "Carolyn Keene "by Nancy Drew among the most famous. I still remember hardcover cards with very heavy cover illustrations, usually quite heavy (for a kid) to lick around, and the thickness of the book can be attributed to the fact that the words are printed in large fonts. <br /> <br /> Well, the character received some updates along the way, because I remember my sister Nancy Drew's books becoming less thick, softcover with an update and a more chic Nancy on the cover. I do not remember if these stories were the same as the old hardcover, but I think these books, being written in ghost, have an equitable part of updating over time. In this release of Warner Brothers by Nancy Drew, the character undoubtedly gets updated to fit the times, but in some ways writers Andrew Fleming and Tiffany Paulsen kept their sensibilities in small towns, preserving some charm and flavor they would appreciate, like me. Her sense of fashion, primacy and kindness, even some strange behavioral traits that make her well, Nancy Drew. The background of her family remains more or less the same, living with her father alone, Carson Drew (Tate Donovan), who also moves her daughter in the big city for a better opportunity to work and to sting her daughter no longer seen in River Heights. My mom is only a distant memory, and the home makes a cameo. But what Nancy Drew did to work is to distribute Emma Roberts in the lead role. The niece of her famous aunt Julia, and she possesses that clever power, the unmistakable red hair and the megawatt smile. Nancy Drew, while at first it seems to rub you wrong, in fact, it will increase you. And in almost what I thought was a scene shot at Pretty Woman, the characters entered a stylish shop with almost opposite reactions. While Dad Carson Drew tries hard to bring Nancy out of her midst and assimilate into the normal life of teenage years, trust Nancy to live in a house whose Hollywood owner was found killed in suspicious circumstances. Solving the mystery is her comforting meal when it is discovered as a kneeling of the local fraternity, and not before we were shot with her on her big screen adventure. There's nothing too black Dahlia about crime and mystery and instead it's a pretty easy play for Nancy to solve, between daughter daughters with Corky (Josh Flitter), a strange friend from school and peacemaker Jealous beloved Ned (Max Thieriot), hiding the truth of her extra curriculum activities from her father. The story is full of brown fun and an old sentimentality that gets tangled up, and together it becomes somewhat scooby-doo. With minimal violence and no bumps or explosions, this is seriously a genre that is labeled clearly with the "babe" alert. I think the film will generate a new generation of fans, revive the old memories, and probably probably trigger a new fashion trend of sports loafer.
