If my expectations were not exceeded, they were certainly met. "Nancy Drew" works both as a mystery and as a comedy. She pays tribute to the books on which they rely and spoils them at the same time. The movie starts with a book lock and a card-like animated credit-like sequence. Then he starts to release the books right away. Writer / director Andrew Fleming seems to realize that the idea of ​​a teenage girl to regularly break the murder rings in a small town is ridiculous, so she does not treat this religious idea. He's having fun at Nancy Drew's ability to do anything like the ace in every classroom school, I know what a perfect baking treat for turning any enemy into her side to make a birdhouse with twelve flybacks and even perform an emergency party tracheotomy. Nancy'd would always be in perfect style if he lived in the 1950s instead of presenting him today. She also carries a "tear kit" full of fingerprint, torch, compass, and magnifying glass. Of course, of course, but it seems to me that I remember Hardy Boys' access at some point for the CIS to be a bit too convenient. And if the private eye with closed eyes is a little smaller than his literary counterpart, it's just a more comical exaggeration of the film. The mystery of the film is treated more seriously. Nancy and her lawyer's father are moving out of their little town in Los Angeles where Nancy collapses in a cold case involving the murder of a Hollywood movie star who lived in her new home decades ago. Nancy looks for clues in some practical ways, such as surfing sites like Google and this and watching old video tapes of the victim's films. When she does something more unusual, you have to admire the girl's ingenuity. Emma Roberts, a child undoubtedly cute, plays awesome retail with beautiful shoes. She's doing too perfect a full-blown, if not quite realistic, love. Tate Donovan is also wonderful as the girl's too-perfect girl, Carson Drew. He is an ideal figure of the father, without being perfectly unrealistic, and shows a reasonable concern for his daughter as he gets in danger. It's less pleasant to take Max Thierot to Ned Nickerson, Nancy's friend. I preferred the portrayal of George O'Hanlon Jr. in the 1970s TV series as Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, where Ned was a weird and weird child with a small shot on Nancy. The character of Corky (Josh Flitty), twelve-year-old, with a love of Nancy, is much less annoying than Ned's Max Thierot's. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker appropriately resemble Nancy, Bess and George's friends, but they only make short cameos at the beginning of the movie. Talking about the cameos, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison "Ocean's 13") and Bruce Willis make all the appearances of surprise customers, demonstrating that you can never guess what movie Bruce Willis will appear in the next movie. The film fails to live up to a potential. It is mentioned from the very beginning that Drews's new house is trapped, but Nancy and her father have finished crossing the traps a few minutes after. Nancy also describes the cold case he is going to investigate as a crime that takes place in an extravagant party that should produce a lot of potential killers, but he has only a handful of suspects. And while there are moments of real suspense during Nancy's adventures, the case solution comes from nowhere, and eventually all the possible threads of plot are too related and who cares - who did it. Ralph Sall's score adds to the suspense of the film, but the contemporary teenybopper songs woven in the soundtrack are blades. However, I really enjoyed this film and, while the film targets first girls, people of any age and sex can enjoy it.
