"La Maman et la putain" is the most beautiful film of all time. And what moves most can be the link between reality and the art of the film, which is directly inspired by Proust's "Prover". "Indeed," La Maman et la Putain "and" In Search of Lost Time ", tell the same story: the failure of love, repeated endless. Name the first woman is always Gilberte and the second woman appears as a double twisted and deformed Gilbert: Veronika is a "slut Gilberte" beautiful as the night, while Gilberte was just "fair as day." After failure of first love, start a second love, but it is as if already was convicted of first. Veronika take the place of Gilberte in Alexander's life and film. She gradually eclipsed, first occasionally, Gilbert comes again when Alexandre expect Veronika, then completely. This shows that the same sad story is repeat the same "unfaithful woman" as Alexandre says, that appears endless - and is unfaithful to Proust highest point of love, which does exist, but underlines illusions sal e. Art is what causes the passage between what is outside - the illusion of love - of what is inside, what is the truth and the learning of this truth. For example, when Veronika noticed that strange way that Alexandre does is bed, he replies that he saw it in a movie and then a movie, "is made for this, to learn how to live, how to make a bed". Alexander wants to live like in a movie, wants his life to be art. This conception of art comes from Proust, with whom Eustache shares the same rejection of "political art" and realism in art. "La Maman et la putain" struggles against a concept of art "principally political" - see, for example, the ironic review of a political film by Alexandre. Like Proust, he says, "Art does not care about all these proclamations and there is only silence." First of all, art is an introspection. And why, why realism or naturalism is rejected: art must transform reality into existence. Proust writes, "We have discovered the illusion of realism, which is a lie." Therefore, "La Maman et la Putain" does not hide artificial highlights how actors "tell" their text: "The more you bet artificially greater," said Eustache. /> Eustache and Proust share the idea that the artist is a "translater" of an inner truth. But Alexandre did not succeed where Eustache manages. "La Maman et la putain" tells us the failure of a character to be what he really is. You can feel that the tragedy occurs when you move on to the movie, which becomes the saddest. You can see it in front of Alexandre, who looks more and more like a dead man. You can see that scenes become longer and that nothing happens after a while. At the end of the movie, when you see Alexander writing, and Veronika asks if he writes his life, you can guess it is not, even though literature has failed. The end of the film shows Alexander's symbolic death, which is crushed by the weight of reality. And in this little nurse room, Alexandre looks Albertine rather than Marcel. To explain this failure, we can say that Alexandre is Balzac's reader. In Forms and Significance, Jean Rousset explains that in Proust, Balzac's readers, who are Swann and Charlus, are not capable of any artistic creation because they are actually blocked, which they mistaken for art. They see reality in art and "are not aware of the transformations that necessarily exist between an artist's life and his work, between reality and art." And exactly Alexandre. He claims, for example, that "he loves a woman for parallel reasons, because she has played, for example, in a Bresson." He is like Swann, who falls in love with Odette because she looks like a Botticelli woman. "Life is perhaps not my vocation." This thought is really Eustache, who committed suicide, even if it is said by Alexandre. However, there is a difference between Alexandre and Eustache: if Eustache is absolutely Alexandre, Alexandre is like a double without art, a horrible vision of the artist that crystallites his fears. By stopping Veronika at the end of the film, Alexandre is condemned to illusions. It is the death that reminds me of the last frames of the film, in front of Jean-Pierre Léaud, as well as the countless breaks of Veronika. Or perhaps it is already hell describing the end, as in Sarte's "Huit-Clot", and absolutely not as in the final release of "Le Temps retrouvé". If Eustache read Proust, Alexandre could not have finished the book, always disturbed by life, and Veronika when she was trying to read it in her apartment or cafes. "La Maman et Putain" is a double inverse of "Looking for lost times," which tells Alexander not becoming an artist, while "A la Recherche du temps perdu" tells how Marcel becomes a writer (Genette). If, as Baudelaire says, an artist says "reality in the light of his dream," is Eustache's nightmare in "La Maman et la putain".
