In what might have been seen as a coup against the sexual "revolution" (I intentionally use quotes for that word), Jean Eustache wrote and directed his mother and the bitch as a poetic and profound criticism of those who do not seem to be enough love. If there is a message for this movie - and I hope that the message will only come after something else will provide this feature of Ben-Hur - is that, to love, honestly, there must be some level of happiness, the real truth. Is it possible to have two lovers? Some can try, but what is the result if nobody can really have what they really want, or can they feel that they can really express what they want? What is the truth in the relationships that Alexandre (Jean-Pierre Leaud) has with the women around him? She is a twenty-year-old pseudo-intellectual, not with any apparent work, and lives from a woman, Marie (Bernadette Lafont) a little older than he is, and is usually, if not always, his beloved, last possible his love - his life left him, and then immediately takes a woman he sees on the street, Veronika (Françoise Lebrun), who can remember her. What is happening soon is the most subtle torrent of love on film, where the psychological strings are drawn with the most crude words and the fewest gestures. At first we think it might be about what will happen to Alexandre, but we're wrong. Women are so essential to this issue of love and sex that they need to be around, talk and talk, sink into something. We are told that part of the sexual revolution, in theory, if not entirely in practice (maybe it was, I can not say I was not alive in the time of seeing it firsthand), was that freedom leading to a lack of inhibitions. But Eustache's point, if it is not entirely a message, is that it is virtually impossible to have it in both ways: you can not love people and expect the satisfaction of a supreme society that comes with "f *** ing "that the characters refer repeatedly. <br /> <br /> The strengths of Mother and Curve, as far as they have the theme, express this horror under promiscuity, the lack of monogamy, while stimulating the intellect in the most spoken word you've ever seen a movie . At the same time, we see a character like Alexandre, who probably loves to hear if it's a movie he's seen or something bad in his past, Eustache makes the movie not pretentious - though it may seem but it's the pretentiousness of what lies behind those who hide the internal defects that they need to use when they are alone in the morning. <br /> <br /> If you thought movies such as Before sunrise / sunset were talky relationship filters, you did not encounter this. But, as Eustache enjoys dialogues, these characters sometimes have trivial or profound or sexual or franc, or sometimes extreme (or overstressed) emotional, never, never uninteresting or boring. On the contrary, for those who can not get a good * talky movie, it's exceptional. While his style does not draw attention to the glamor that came with his predecessors in the vague nouveau with a dozen years ago, touching Eustache's new wave is with the characters and then the reverberation on them. is realism with a peak of attitude, with things while they are sad and sarcastic, cruel and shameless in expression. All three actors are so passionate about their characters that we can never perceive them as "falsifying" an emotion or moving at all in the melodrama. It's almost too good in terms of naturalism / realism, but for Eustache's material there is no other way around it. Fortunately, Leaud offers the crowning chip of his career at that time, and both ladies, especially Labrun as a "slut" Veronika (an affirmation she remarkably rejects at the height of the movie in a single uninterrupted blow). And, as a touch, so often, the director will head in a quiet moment of thinking, a character sitting alone, listening to a recording and contemplation or a quiet agony. This is probably the biggest influence on Jim Jarmusch, who has dedicated her Broken Flowers to Eustache and has a particular scene that is fully (and lovingly) lifted in the Parisian approach. , before I saw Broken Flowers, I never heard of Eustache or this movie, and the purchase became quite a big challenge (it was not available on the American DVD, and the VHS so rarely lasted many months of tracking to different libraries). No minute of that time was wasted; Mum and Curva is a truly beautiful work, one of the best dramas of French relations, perhaps even one of the most astounding lucidities I have seen in the country in general. It is complex, sweet, cold, absorptive and is very long, maybe too long. It is also satisfactory on the type of level I would compare with scenes from a marriage; true revelations about human condition continue to appear 35 years after the release of each film.
