Unfortunately, Jean Eustache (1938-1981) belongs to many French filmmakers, nowadays, to the great unknowns whose films are hard to find and are not released on international DVDs. Because we have a good old fashioned video store in Tucson, we have had the chance to watch this 3½-hour marathon masterpiece, which is not boring for ten seconds. Since we are talking about one of the most discussed (and most controversial) films of all time, allow me to tell you the impression that Jacques Rivette's or Newton's "Nouvelle Vague" endless dialogues, for the first time, seem to be almost ridiculous in this movie. Dialogues are, in principle, monologues, mainly the longest ones that Jean-Pierre Léaud spoke. The most characteristic feature is that the intersections of two people's speeches are almost zero. Léaud, or his character, Alexandre, likes to say more about himself than about the subjects he seems to be talking about. Therefore, we can hardly talk about communication in this movie. It is very possible for the director to have a gargantuan satire in the minds of the way in which political and sociological ideas have been discussed so decisively, but the type of Alexandre man exists at all times, we already find him in Petron's "Satiricon" the work actually has a great resemblance to "Mum and bitch". Alexandra not only has nothing, but has developed a kind of metaphysics about the lack of action, at least acting in the sense of responsibility for the society to which it belongs. It's about the people who go to work at 7am when it's just busy with the last drink before going to bed at the apartment of one of his girlfriends whose money he's living. He can not speak a sentence without quoting one of the main thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanos. Especially Sartre, who is quickly introduced to the French intellectual café "Aux Deux Magots," where Alexandre is sitting all day, must serve as an excuse for the lifestyle of Alexandre and his colleagues because they suffer from an existential crisis to bourgeois nausea. However, Alexandre's intellectual speeches appear to be rather pseudo-intellectual, and the phrases they cite seem to come from a quoted dictionary rather than the actual reading of those books. it is true: this film requires a very wide European knowledge, especially the knowledge of French existential philosophy and consequences on the student revolutionary movement, but if you have this knowledge, you will enjoy 215 minutes of your life, watching you amazed in TV and laughed like you probably did not do it for a long time.
