Jake Speed ​​is a movie that does not have one thing? a charismatic leadership. Unfortunately, that's one thing that really violates the whole movie and it's a shame, because at heart it's a nice action movie with a spell-filled scenario and an exciting premise if it's derived. Although it is genesis, perhaps it can be traced back to the success of the Indiana Jones trilogy? the movie plays a little more like "Romancing the Stone", though the other way around. He is not an author of romantic adventure-driven fantasy character-character character that resembles one of her creations is an adventure fiction character (which happens to chronicle her own adventures) by leading a regular woman at one of his adventures. /> <br /> When a young woman disappears in Paris, her sister, Margaret (played by Karin Kopins, appealing), dresses with Jake Speed ​​(Wayne Crawford) and his opponent Dennis (Dennis Christopher) either real and very deprived individuals in an adventure that takes them to the heart of an African civil war state, and ultimately in the clutches of two brothers Sid (John Hurt) and Roy London. Is that the plot? it is not a labyrinth and is not complicated, but the story it says does not need a great depth. The sequences of action are appealing to start, and it is certainly true that the heroic trio is put in their footsteps either trapped in the battles between governmental and rebel forces or dropping into a pit full of lions) and there is certainly some pretty funny lines. However, the film seems to struggle to find a finality and, unfortunately, the sequences of action that are quite appealing to start with do not go anywhere and, finally, it becomes a bit mild and irksome. But that was not a problem if it was possible for Jake Speed, but because of Wayne Crawford's performance it's harder to care about what's going on. Now I do not know if he stretches a little thin, being also the producer and writer of the film or simply not a good actor (as I have not seen in anything else), but never convinced that a roguish mix of Doc Savage, Indiana Jones and Jack Colton. This is a shame because most other characters play their roles well ??? Karen Kopins is funny and convincing, and her character shares a beautiful robbery with Jake (unfortunately never convinces him). Dennis Christopher is perfect as an archetypal boyfriend, and John Hurt plays the role with the kindness of the camp? almost as if it had been in a Batman sixty-episode. He heads to some of his scenes that bury himself in a ridiculous cockney accent, putting in a show that almost belongs to another film. Sid is not Moriarty (he's portrayed as Jake's nemesis from a series of adventures / previous books), but he's always fun to look at. Jake Speed ​​tries to channel the same fun movie B as "Night of the Comet" (a movie produced by Crawford a few years ago) and almost succeeds but misses? which is a shame because Jake would have been looking forward to several more adventures and could have been better served by a series of television. I would recommend this call out of curiosity, but ultimately leave bitter because most of the items were there to do something really good.
