Comedies often have the unfortunate reputation of having a real depth. Arms and Man, proves that the notion of being false. Shaw's game is full of comic drama, combining a fun plot with a true philosophical depth. On one level, Arms and the Man is a successful and somewhat unique, romantic comedy. The young, melodramatic and superficial Raina comes from a military family deeply involved in a war; her fiancé and her father are both military. She is shocked one night after the arrival of an enemy soldier. She saves her, knowing she will have to keep the incident secret from her family forever, and the soldier finally leaves. Of course, once the war ends, that soldier returns, forcing each of the main characters to re-evaluate their values ​​and relationships. It is quite interesting how the Shaw layers mean the standard comedy composition. Shaw manages to comment on the class constructions, the absurdity of the war and the very nature of love. And, of course, doing so with the Shavian spirit and in a satisfactory plot. There is so much here to think that I think a lot can be missed in a single view. Arms and the Man is an excellent comedy drama and is certainly one of Shaw's best works. "Arms and the Man" is both a fun and challenging film that retains relevance even today, when it was first conceived. Shaw plays the popular theories about war and love and combines a military satire with a comfort on love and family structure. The song has a flashing light, humorful humor and bitter sarcasms. A good example of Shaw's dialogue is Captain Bluntschli's statement to Serguis: "I am a professional soldier: I fight when I have to, and I am very glad to get rid of him when I do not have to. An amateur, you think fighting is a fun." Indeed, as a Swiss hotel son, Bluntschli had no reason to get involved in the war, and it is in this absurdity that Shaw questions patriotic feelings. Shaw explores the whole concept of war and soldiers on both sides of the battle and ultimately shows that the feelings of both camps are not so different. Dialogue and sarcasm used for common notions life is confused with a mild assurance of the movement of the story to a fairytale ending. The end in which all characters are rendered happy and lovers exchanging and loving exchanges is what emphasizes the essence of this drama as a comedy. This is a film that sustains the image of having a universal appeal and is still fitting today when the concepts of war and patriotism, love and marriage have changed dramatically. Shaw's "Weapons and Man" should maintain relevance as long as there is love and war.
