Ironically, for a piece unavailable on film or video so much, ARMS AND MAN has remained fairly constant on stage over the years since its debut in 1894 - to a small extent, because it has grown so well as a solid satire on the nature of heroism and war affairs. Whenever the world sinks into battle, ARMS and MAN seem to be multiplying in time and relevance. This is the piece that Oscar Strauss has turned (renouncing most of Shaw's ideas) into the successful operetta, the Chocolate Solitaire (when Hollywood came to that, they left Shaw's last vestiges rather than pay his rights - he was, until then, an Oscar winner in his own right). While Shaw has always been his ideas and dialogue rather than his empty plots in ARMS AND MAN, the plot shines and the master manages happy terms for all concerned. <br /> <br /> Young Raina (Helena Bonham Carter), the daughter of an officer and the richest man in her city, is betrothed to a prominent officer in the Bulgarian cavalry, and everything looks good until a Swiss mercenary (Pip Torrens) the other side ascends to the drainage channel running away from the battle where his army was headed. As usual, in a Shaw satire, nothing is the way it first appears, and the conventions of society lie on their heads in light of the simple - and not so simple reason. There are no "good boys" or "bad guys", but only people of a variety of classes who get used to as well as life - and of course, Shaw, (1932) the cinematic version (from his own script Shaw) of this most traditional and traditionally funny Shaw scene satire and one of his first who made a real hit on this side of the Atlantic has long been among the missing. Shaw did not sell the screen rights for his plays - he granted them licenses for only 5 years and it seemed that the 1932 sound technology that quickly developed seems primitive only a few years later, Shaw did not renew the license to to miss . Consequently, we are great in the debts of the BBC because we finally sell their version of 1987 in a DVD box with nine other sparkling parts. (Sometimes, PYGMALION, which many see as Shaw's best, comes the least well on this set in a production with Lynn Redgrave and James Villiers.) Even a pair like a DVD- with less impressive an act, a man of dessert, weapons and man makes for a real treasure. Helena Bonham Carter continued, after cutting off her teeth on television roles like this one, in an important career in the film that will bring many viewers to this early role. They should not be disappointed because Mrs. Carter performs a show in line with the layered innocence her audiences have come to expect, but under the somewhat pedestrian direction of James Cellan Jones (and despite the beautiful and good uniform physical production observed BBC), the role of malicious fire (and its indignation of being underestimated in the last act) is banned to about 80% of its potential. Likewise, we can say about the real star of the play, Pip Torrens, as Bluntschli "Switzer". It is a pleasant, appealing performance, but it does not go for the implicit physical comedy in the early stage where the young soldier can barely stay awake despite his deadly danger. However, these reserves are a solid production of a wonderful game transferred to the small screen with aplomb. It deserves to be seen on a large scale and ideally to provoke a livelier remake, with the style and dowry of Wilde IDEAL HUSBAND's recent remake. Virtually every weapon and man must be cherished and, with good luck, we'll probably even get to see the original version of 1932. "Up to one or the other, this production will please anyone who loves Shaw.
