Doyle never wanted to resurrect Holmes from his joint death with Professor Moriarty in the FINAL PROBLEM PROBLEM. However, the financial considerations made him (in 1901) write "THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES", which is still considered Holmes's best novel and probably the best novel. But it was a "memoir" of the great detective, written before his death. Only a bigger deception from his audience led Doyle to revive Holmes in the ADVENTURE of the EMPTY CASE, published in 1905. It is not that the new stories (and the latest novel) are really bad. Perhaps three of the stories are even terrible, but even the terrible ones are very easy to read. Several of the later ones (like the SOLID CYCLE ADVENTURE) are indeed very good. But the inequality of production (especially after the stories of LAST BOW (1917)) is becoming more and more obvious. He repeats the story lines of the past and shows Holmes's really negative aspects. In the story THE ADVENTURE OF THREE GABLES Holmes shows a shocking sarcasm to a character who is of African origin. <br /> <br /> SPOILER is happening: ADVENTURE CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILLVERTON deals with Holmes trying to recover compromise letters from Milverton, an extremely successful blackmail. This is an interesting example of how Doyle could make an extremely legible story with a minimal plot because there is little real detective activity in the story. Holmes is committed to trying to negotiate with Milverton on buying letters, but to bring them back no matter what! Milverton proves not only that he does not want to consider a smaller amount for newspapers but is preparing to protect himself from Holmes trying to look for his person. Later, we find out that Holmes entered the Milverton household by making him serve a disguised job. At the end, Holmes goes with Watson to destroy Milverton's house. He and Watson are in the house when they find that Milverton is expecting a new business in his study (someone with information that Milverton can use). Carefully hiding, Holmes and Watson pursue a woman who turns out to be a victim of collateral damage from Milverton's past activities and who shoots the murderer. Holmes and Watson are able to fire Milverton's collection of compromising documents before they run out of the house and then discover (for themselves) the identity of the woman. The police (under Lestrade) do not find out who are the two mysterious men who saw running from Milverton's house and are so disgusted with Milverton's activities (they never managed to bring anything against him) that it is obvious that killing will not be resolved. The story is not one of the fascinating, with a real detective activity involved as the SPECKLED BAND ADVENTURE or SILVER BLAZE. It's a story of mood and late action - the problem is that Holmes and Watson will get newspapers or be caught by Milverton? It's not one of the best stories, but it's mostly stories as being very well said and interesting. At the time he wrote CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON, Conan Doyle had some police experience with his sometimes amateur detective / crusader activities. An artist was found killed in his London workshop, and Conan Doyle began writing his opinion about the murder. Then he stopped - apparently warned by his friends at Scotland Yard that he did not look at the crime. The victim had been a homosexual, and the police were sure it was a spitting lover who died terribly. For the sake of the victim's family (this was in 1905), Doyle lost interest in this case. So he was aware of the fact that sometimes the British police were restrained on matters that did not seem to justify their full probing - such as Lestrade's reluctance to the one who killed the negative Milverton in the story. Considering the description the story could have been said in the normal version of an hour of the series. But the teleplay for MASTER BLACKMAILER spent some time showing the horrible dilemma of the Milverton victims (in the Victorian / Edwardian England) they are facing. We see that a young officer of the aristocratic army suicides when faced with a homosexual exposure because of Milverton's extravagant claims all at the beginning of teleplay. And not just homosexuals. Men and women of good repute in heterosexual marriages could be torn off by discovering illegitimate children or indiscriminate relationships in the past. Indeed, in the story, the woman who kills Milverton avenges the destruction of her husband (a prominent nobleman) destroyed by the blacksmith. <br /> <br /> Milverton is well played on the most poisonous adventure by that handsome actor Robert Hardy, who even when faced with the unexpected fury he has unleashed is totally unperturbed (he shows he will only have the angry woman shown from his home at a time). Brett and Hardwicke are doing pretty well in their Holmes and Watson roles, as expected. How serious was the loss of character by rumor or titles in 1905? In 1898, one of the heroes of the various imperial wars, and the leader of the last victorious allegation in the Battle of Omdurman, who destroyed the Mahdi army (see FOUR PAWS), was Sir Hector MacDonald. He was Governor of Ceylon in 1903, when suddenly, unexpectedly, he resigned. Sir Hector returned to London and shot himself in a hotel while waiting for some kind of hearing. Later, it appeared that "Fighting Mac", commonly considered the most popular army commander in the UK, was caught with sleeping arrangements with native boys. Milverton would have ate it very quickly ... or his real-life counterparts would have.
