It's not an easy-to-follow movie - it's over three and a half hours and it's all composed of conversations. However, he is so incredibly convincing and merciless to observe the human character, that it is, in my humble opinion, one of the greatest movies of all time. The film is depressing, cynical and cruel. (If you want to lift something, you see the fantastic Jacques Rivette Céline and Julie Go Boating, which was made at the same time). This shows that idealism at the end of the 1960s is nothing but the society that it is trying to change. This involves a supposedly released ménage-à-trois between Alexandre (played by Jean-Pierre Leaud), Marie (Bernadette Lafont) and Veronika (Françoise Lebrun). However, Alexandre proves to be just as chauvinistic and jealous as any other man. Women are exposed as being willingly subordinated and defining their femininity by looking at the male. The film is an extreme glacier of the new, revolutionary new wave of France. This movement was one of the most important moves in the history of the film and had a profound effect on cinema as we know it. Jean-Pierre Leaud was one of New Wave's leading actors, playing (among other films) the influence of Les Quatres Cent Coups (1959) by Francois Truffaut as a rebel teenager. Director Jean Eustache is not as well known as other New Wave directors, but he should be. There is no improvisation (as opposed to the similar films of John Cassavetes in the US), and the dialogue comes from real-life conversations. The film resonates with Eustache's personal experiences. For example, Francoise Lebrun was Eustache's former boyfriend. Eustache himself committed suicide in 1981, and the real-life man on whom the character Marie was based, he did. Anger and bitterness culminate in an aggressive monologue by Veronika, delivered directly to the public, destroying the objective coldness of the rest of the film. This fascinating, personal and honest cinematic statement remains one of the most revealing films of human nature around.
