In the same way, Frank Miller and Sin City's comedy used black and white to express themselves (and the influences of the film noir), as well as Christian Volckman with the Renaissance. It's 2054 in Paris. In the science fiction tradition, the future is a brilliant, brilliant, multi-tearing gem. This is a jewel in a context of misery, unfairness and darkness; bright and beautiful on the top with a dark sub-cotton underneath. One of these "bright" people at the top, a scientist from a very large and influential global company (Avalon), is kidnapped. Known and effective, Captain Karas (expressed by the new James Bond himself - Daniel Craig) is entrusted with the task of finding it. The terrain and appearance are not very original. He is strongly influenced by the noir movie, Gibson's Neuromancer, and other detective stories, along with films such as Blade Runner, Sin City, Fritz Lang Metropolis, and the Minority Report. There is the main plot, surrounded by other possible sub-plots that connect at the end. It's not hard to find out everything. <br /> <br /> The strength and originality of the film are in its intense presentation. Paris is a complex range of levels and sub-levels. At its core is the more primitive industrial infrastructure. As the city rises, so does its architectural complexity and luminosity. However, in this structure, the top does not equal the elevation of the ideals and human behavior. Paris was really animated and set in brilliant black and white. The film is closer to the Sin City (comic book), then Sin City, the film was with the source material. This is made easier because it remains in the same environment; animation. Much the same way a Scanner has pushed the visual aspects of the story darkly, so do so. Light and dark, black and white, create an atmosphere of contrasts as well as visual ambiguities. Correct and wrong, black and white can lose any meaning, at the same time it is right in front of us. The film demonstrates how white and black can be ambiguous and obvious at the same time. According to the spirit of the film, they can be both critics and fans. I can love and be in the same light. It is certainly an experience I recommend for visual arts lovers. So, pour another Black and Tan, get into the hollow and enjoy the ride.
