"Renaissance (2006)" was created over a six-year period, co-funded by France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom, at a cost of about 14 million euros. The end result is a stunning achievement of comic book animation, aesthetics similar to what Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller achieved with Sin City (2005), but this film captured motion with live actors to transpose faces and movements a completely animated format. Presented in black and white, the film looks as if it had been exalted right from the pages of the graphic novel on which it was based, and the futuristic city of Paris is rising fiercely over us. Directed by French director Christian Volckman in his feature film, "Renaissance" draws significantly from other science fiction films, and the techno-noir story is not something we have not seen before, technically , is irrelevant. The year is 2054. The city of Paris is a metropolis that crashes full of dark alleys and debris, the recent installation of modern technology offering only a thin mask to the poignant degradation of dark buildings. The city's largest corporation, Avalon, has gained wealth by offering citizens the promise of beauty and youth, and the company's research department is constantly trying to invent better means of eliminating the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (expressed by Romola Garai in the English version that I chose), a brilliant scientist, is mysteriously abducted on her return from work, so it is the legendary detective Barthélémy Karas where . Eventually, taking the key to the woman's disappearance, is Bislane (Catherine McCormack), the older sister of Ilona, ​​whose trust is in question, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), the dedicated doctor who adored Ilona as her daughter. <br /> The bright, illuminated city of Paris reminds of Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner (1982)," and some of the technologies seem borrowed from Tom Cruise in "Minority Report (2002)" {coincidence, was also set in 2054}. However, despite this familiarity, Volckman created an interesting world for its inhabitants. By combining classic-noir and science-fiction, the result is an attractive collage of harsh enlightenment and dark shadows, which I should warn about occasionally becoming difficult for the eyes of the viewer. Dialogue is sometimes a little trivial, and the story, though hiring, does not offer anything surprisingly original (except the end that I thought was a bold turn of the usual formula), but "Renaissance" is meant to work best as a visual treatment, and that he succeeds in this can not be denied.
