The entry point in the opening credits is a frightening man who has a strange, too real nightmare. Closed in his distopia film 2054 Paris, the film begins to follow a woman in a grungy club, where she and a bartender meet on the deck. They throw exclamations on each other, in the sense that they owe him more money, though he thinks he paid everything. Another woman prevents the violence of becoming, only to have a bitter struggle with the woman herself. The initial woman stops and she is kidnapped. The rebirth of Christian Volckman seems to be one of the most recent views of a recent science-animated film, but despite being true or not, he tells a detective story that keeps us in the darkness of his opening time, even as we introduce Karas, the hot policeman whom we recognize from the beginning as the man awakening a terrible dream. The classic noir films are all struck without anachronistic changes for all intents and purposes. It is in the hardness of the monochrome that the French thriller of Volckman has not followed an example. For filmmakers, anxious about the physical illumination challenges they should normally face, they were able to start with a completely black frame and apply a total white color depending on the action on the screen. As they scrupulously mimic the effects of real light sources across the radius, the distinction between black and white is full, without even the smallest shades of gray, to tone up with the less clear moral codes of the characters. the result is a harsh vision and judgment of the direction in which the commercial civilization unfolds, sporadically challenged to submit to the gentle and ruthless enlightenment. The artistic study of the film noir is taken to the visual limit of its philosophy and nothing has so far divided the same execution of this visual concept. All the characters in this decent film of cyberbullying if they simply left a gothic cartoon book with black ink, but together, their physical responses, their movements and the nuances of their facial expressions show on land in a clear humanity . Normally, films that try new animation developments allow their technical advances to develop on all other aspects of production. Sin City, for example, left the substance and a good general adaptation of the screen from its source material. just to be appropriate, but Renaissance, made for $ 19 million over six years, not only feels like a real noir instead of a shameful allocation, but is not secondary to all visual innovations played as if would be haphazard. One does not think how cool it is when Karas avoids bullets shot through a crowded Parisian street, but more about the weighting of life and death, how life's tragedies, such as death, make life meaningful.
