In 2054, Paris, Avalon, a computer-generated system, controls the city, and when a young woman is abducted, Detective Karas (Craig) has to go against Avalon to find her. Renaissance is a splendid blend of film blending with a conceptual futuristic narrative that illuminates the screen in a shocking mansion with a noir-themed ideology and conceptual fittings that should delight many. Pixar are the animators. Their many Oscar winning films are endless from the charming Story Toy to the mystical Wall-E, so any company or director has a real challenge to beat them. Renaissance is not a movie for the young audience and, like Persepolis 2007, brings a strong and mature approach to animation to make an older and more challenging film for its older generation. > In 2005, Robert Rodriguez launched a Sin City, which shaken all night, which shattered the entire use of the green screen, with a splendid black-and-white shooting with strange colors, and a year later, Christian Volckman began Approach similar to this film as video master. <br /> <br /> Volckman's image is still a full animation, but it does not seem realistic for most 1 hour and 40 minutes of operation. The faces of the character are well illustrated and, in particular, this film must be the best ever to use the shadow. The fact that we never know if his nights or days are irrelevant when we just look at the stony faces, the shadows mingle over their expressions. It is almost an intelligent use of a pathetic error and is very well targeted. <br /> <br /> For anyone who has seen Persepolis, you have come to the conclusion that it is one of the best animations ever directed for simple but highly conceptual artistic style by Marjane Satrapi <br /> <br /> Renaissance is equally in relation to that image, and in many situations rivals it with a stronger graphics and a darker tone to reflect the state of mind. A scene, especially when Karas appears from the darkness, is beautifully shot. The narrative revolves around a stubborn and frightening political government that keeps the paintings on every citizen. The opening of Paris is heading for the mysterious Avalon, which we do not see enough to gain the essence of its true domination. Renaissance controls the story about trying a tired policeman to save the mysterious woman, and then we see Craig's tired and boring cop trying to rescue him while struggling with other elements. There are many things wrong with scripting, not to mention the routine of exhausted tired children, it is now old, but there is a lot of gentle adrenaline and spring banter between the characters to keep it alive until a wonderful shocking last shot two stages.
