Every second of the movie is superb. And that's why he wins a 7, because the plot is not particularly deceptive and thinking about me in the last 90 minutes, I've never felt any emotion or investment in characters. If not, the graphics and luxuries have made some scenes (for example, the tracking machine) more pedestrian than they should be - not that they do not look great and have a very original design and sometimes unusual room angles - but they are missing kinetic motion and close-up photos that are part of the language for any normal thriller action / thriller. The first hour is multiplying and the dialogue feels very edited and a bit spicy - people expect each other to finish and do not always react in a natural cadence, which would be a separate record of each individual. In rare cases, voices in the voices do not match enough with those on the screen; something that should have been avoided. Futuristic architecture is very attractive (a lot of glass walls / screens, wonderful smoke / mirage / special effects) and beautiful cars, but again - it's more a graphic design exercise without having a real impact on the story . I would argue that the whole point of use of animation drawn (instead of actors / CGI) is really to push the limits of imagination and design; to do what is too difficult / impractical in other environments. Although the animation of the Renaissance is certainly stunning and incredibly well done, I never felt I have seen anything that has not been done before. Immortel, another French film CGI, also suffers from a beauty imbalance over story and rhythm. To be fair, some wonderful and engaging French films also have a dizzying rhythm, and long pictures of the look in one's eyes or the rain on the Paris pavements can evoke extraordinary emotions - but the animators must understand that while animation brings unique strengths, has weaknesses compared to real technique. Perhaps it will break the rules of the noir that the film wishes to respect, but I think filmmakers have missed a bizarre opportunity to further explore their future society - social strata, fascist adherence to corporations, etc. . <br /> <br /> I have no problem recommending Renaissance to anyone who enjoys stylistic and / or animation design (fans of "Manga" in particular), but I would not make my friends who I love the movie to stand. It breaks down sumptuous images and is a medium-sized film.
