I'm glad I can say just about positive things about the film with Karas and the sisters of Tasuiev, RENAISSANCE. First, it looks like it should look; an adventure of boys, RENAISSANCE is the story of a policeman's search for a missing scientist, Ilona Tasuiev, geneticist and researcher of Avalon. The story of Karas, Ilona and Bislane is, though much less known than SIN CITY, the best and most appreciated film of connoisseurs. For the comic strip fans it will be even more significant (I have enriched the French comic collection last week, although I'm not so much to meet). The atmosphere, the music, the characters, their lines, the plot are all pleasant and bold. A top Parisian policeman, Karas, is exposed to find a young woman who has been a rising star in medical genetic research, Ilona Tasuiev - a gentle blonde whose sister Bisbelana was a favorite erotic, I think. <br /> For me, a comic strip veteran and TV series, RENAISSANCE, a wonderful cartoon, was like a resumption of a WILD WILD WEST episode here, a mythological past replaced by an equally mythological and blasé future, but, somehow, as thrilling. RENAISSANCE is not suspense; Does not it look very good? paced; but it is seductive and hypnotic. Moreover, manages to sketch, though for a short period, a world, a real world? And we will think of Avalon, Nakata, Jonas Mueller, sisters Tasuyev and Goran, Farfella and Karas telling him about his distant childhood in Kasbah? . I liked the sense of RENAISSANCE, a certain kindness and adventure, and also the professional, safe look; Among these new cartoons, this and the adaptation of Dick Linklater (the only and the first Dick adaptation ever) appeared to me as a work of authentic beauty and enthusiasm. I thought futuristic devices were suited and, when they were not conventional, vividly strange (like invisibility suits). As is advisable, the characters have exotic names, such as Bislane and Farfella, gathered mainly from the arts and entertainment world (Goran and Ilona and Naghib?). None seem to have noticed that the RENAISSANCE poster looks similar to Rourke - that guy is Marv; which does not make it a SIN CITY, but not a paragon of originality, and in fact there is a greater resemblance to Miller's story, namely the futuristic aspect of a fallen society, the hero's brio (in fact, a cross of the Willis character and Rourke's character in the previous movie?), on the other hand, this cartoon breathes more public air, an edge of straight adventure and, in a word, is SIN CITY for children? Well, the kids are still nagging, I mean, because there's a little nudity on the screen. To what I have said, it could be repeated that the features mentioned are characteristic, even as clichés and common places of the futuristic aspect of many adults; quite true, and it was the old Miller that brought these things to the screen and RENAISSANCE bears some resemblance here and there. Now, it is also right that each RING has its ERAGORN, so in every city of sin, its renaissance. I admit that I'm quite partial to these futuristic stories, a rather unusual specialty.
