Imagine the classic noir story lines infused with Frank Miller Sin City's stylized black-and-black visual effects. Then a distorted, science-fiction thriller such as Steven Spielberg's Minority Report or Richard Linklater's Darkly Scanner. An amalgam above would be a good way to describe the gloomy and atmospheric visionary Frenchman Christian Volckman in the future in his feature film debut. But although Volckman's volume undoubtedly refers to the films mentioned above and the ones similar to them, such a simplistic hybrid does not make the Renaissance, Volckman's final result, justice - the film itself is a much more complex piece than that. > <br /> Hybrid genre is usually a hit and business run, especially in a contemporary context, with the individuality pit that seems to be exhausted. As such, the Renaissance is laudable at least as a cinematic experiment, with the unique intrusion of the pirated nihilism of the detective neo-noir thriller and the allegorical fantastic terror of the Dystopian sci-fi drama that serves to complimise each other's stories conventionally strangely . The scenario is intelligent and intriguing (though it is understood that many of the lines in the script would have been more effective in their original than in English translation - the title of the movie is also more pointical) managing to stay ahead audience. Though many elements of the plot will seem pretty familiar to those who attend such science fiction thrillers, the script throws unexpected ups and downs and returns to the exact moment to keep the viewer on his toes, making for truly convincing work. > <br /> Volckman's film truly excels in its visual composition, and the stunning black and white animation is easily highlighted by the super-moody and stylish movie that shows how extraordinary aesthetic effect is the simple use of two shades. With an extraordinary detail paid to the composition and appearance of each photograph and the superb use of noir shadows and interesting angles to enhance the emotional tension of the scene, the film appears directly from a comedian Frank Miller but with a twist, the end result being consistently summatically visual. <br /> <br /> English teachings The film is also given added credence by its very matrix casting assembly of voice. Daniel Craig's terrible voice is an absolutely perfect piece of casting for Strasford policeman Karas, and Catherine McCormack is a strong presence as the mysterious woman whose disappearance a sister is investigating. Despite an overwhelming English accent, Romola Garai does a great job as the frenetic sister in question, and Jonathan Pryce is threateningly suited as the overshadowed head mega-corporation Avalon. Ian Holm's performance is also a strong choice as a mysterious scientist, and Holm makes a strong impression in his short scenes. All together, Renaissance boasts an amazing, unique and convincing futuristic thriller, as well as intelligent because it's fun. Although the story may seem familiar to those who attend such tickets, and the occasional weak line may inhibit the film from being the deadly masterpiece it puts, the superb animation itself easily carries the film through its occasional doubts. For the fans of each interconnected genre of Frank Miller's graphic or graphic graphic novel or those who want to appreciate a futuristic, futuristic architectural scenario, the film is undoubtedly worth considering. <br /> <br /> <br />
