One of the reasons that Pixar has resisted so well and has been so successful is that while their films remain technical wonders and visual mosaics, they have a story that fits their style. And often a very moving style that affects, charming and crossed. Many anime (who speak in general terms) and many other animations do not match their technical virtuosity with real substance, I think (and I might be wrong), partly because neither manufacturers are bothered by character and plot, and focuses too much on sound and image or that the great effort to make some animations is so enormous, so annoying that they do not have the energy to create a really exciting story. we can not say about the Renaissance. There are deficiencies in the plot, but I'll get to that later. The same defects, however, are not reflected in the visual - Renaissance is not now stunning. Ultra-high contrast images (sometimes such high contrast, which is only a face or a visible light beam) and incredible details are always impressive, always a joy to look at. The futuristic Paris on display is the descendant of Blade Runner and Brave New World; dark, dark, rich and even clean, but shrouded in intrigue, malicious, obsessed with beauty (eventually the podium's capital) and disguising the misery and neglect of his labyrinthine passages with a veneer of monumental and sophisticated architecture. <br /> <br /> It's an all-encompassing environment, not entirely original, but very good too. The motion capture technology of the movie and incredible attention to human and design make the images that a black and white photographer would die for. It's not that the details hinder entertainment, because Christian Volckman performs some gorgeous action sequences: a skin care pursuit, a series of huge (more imaginative) murders, more villains in the dark, and a dirty dust in a gloomy apartment. The locations are excellent (I want to visit the nightclub). While Karas's central character is your regular policeman, the other two female characters (who are sisters) are the real motors of the movie. Coming from East Europe, war-torn, warfare, diaspora and family excuses, they are a convincing metaphor for Europe as a whole. The film is extremely atmospheric, dizzying, camera movements and adult tones for a very exciting experience. However, the plot ... It never becomes more interesting than the initial hook, in which Karas unhappy has to find Ilona Tasuyev, a gorgeous and pioneering scientist, after being pulled from the street. The sinister corporation Avalon (who is ever a corporation that is never sinister?) For whom she worked for "classified" projects, she is daring to recover and soon Karas rises to her throat in official repression, smoke and missed bullets , and who fall in love with Ilona's sister, Bislane (very fondly expressed by Catherine McCormack), while he plumbs the depths of the sordid underground of the city (and her past). - in other words, while I liked the film much more than Sin City (towards which a visual overtones are seen), the plot and the resolution are boring, the theme of immortality being high but never examined; The Avalon Shenanigans who roll, Paul Dellenbach, are also boring, underlining many dramatic tensions. The basic ideas are materials known in the sci-fi genre and there is a feeling that the images and the atmosphere conceal banal material. However, the film as a whole is lucid and perfectly coherent, even though some of the scenarios in which characters become occasionally feel like excuses for technical witchcraft exhibits. But it is the design of life in Paris around 2054, the vision of the community and the creation of another city at the bottom that makes this film see something. I might take it too seriously, and if so, at least I can say it is wonderful done, extremely fun (and quite mature), and with an atmosphere like another.
