A dark scanner, the minority report, the blade runner, the town of the fool and the captain of the sky and the world of tomorrow? if you are a fan of any of these, then this will be good to check. <br /> <br /> The French animation project "Renaissance" lasted seven years to make a shocking budget and tonight I finally got to see him at a private screening for the International Film Festival in Stockholm. My spontaneous reaction is veneration; my future reflection is "huh, neat" and a closer analysis unfortunately has a resounding "meh". It's a superb science-fiction triumph at the surface, but scratch it or even beat it a bit, and the useless complex plot becomes obvious, just like flat characters. <br /> <br /> However, it is clear that people from Onyx movies did something spectacular with the above mentioned surface. The pictures are amazing. They used the motion capture of live action animations in keyframe animation, with black and bright jet blacks and a deeply shaded rotoscopic bottom. For those of you who are not down with "technical lingo", the movie looks like a fully animated Sin City. Its fluid, transparent, dark and stylized model is complemented by a powerful lightning strike. It's a vision. However, much credit is also due to clear sound effects, which take the form of swirling futuristic weapons, tense music, heavy rain drops and glass cracks. It is the wet dream of any technician ... The film is shrinking in a futurescape in Paris, where a large corporation called "Avalon" has begun to interject alive the citizens with oversight (I think transparent screens from the minority report) and genetic engineering . The latter leads to the mysterious abduction of the young researcher Ilona (expressed by the wonderful Romola Garai). Cut to our tough policeman and protagonist Karas (Daniel Craig)? a man who takes the law in his own hands? who is assigned the case to find and recover Ilona. In this case, he is helped by Illona's sister, with whom she also begins a love affair. A very in love business, if I could say that. The world of the Renaissance is remarkable. Director Christian Volckman makes a right hit on the melting of the noir themes and the result is an urban jungle filled with gifts, rats, femme fatales and lonely detectives hiding in the shadows of the poor slum. The problem is that the creators undoubtedly felt the need to have extremely sharp and spelling-out archetypes in the film, or the film would have been "too surrealistic" to the general public due to its animated format. It follows that we have a lot of clichy characters, such as evil laughing criminals, criminal murderers and tough chickens who breathe smoke, all the chances they receive. It revolves around our faces and is not necessary. What is worse is that the dialogue is a little controversial. It seems that each line exists for the sole reason of propelling the plot. This is nothing fatal, because intrigue is so complex once it starts to go that it needs a clear direction. Daniel Craig helps here too, bringing a nonsense attitude to his character as a policeman. At some point in the Renaissance, he is seen in a live hunting car, which is certainly one of the most adrenaline-pumping and top notch sequences of the film. Unfortunately, the novelty of sci-fi images followed this tracking machine, and "Renassaince" could benefit a little shorter. In conclusion, a comic book experience very interesting but erroneous. <br /> <br /> 7 of 10
