I saw this movie in the avant-premiere at the Monaco Imagine Festival. I saw the first trailer four years ago and from this moment I was waiting to see the final result. I was not disappointed. It is a full 3D movie with a high white and black contrast. Clearly inspired by comic books such as those from F. Miller. In this perspective, it goes one step further than the excellent adaptation of "Sin City" by R. Rodriguez. This time, almost no gray color, no middle color, but a graphic style you have never seen before in a realistic animated movie (the dark scanner can not be expected) The massive use of Motion Capture gives a lot of life and credibility towards the characters, and we soon forget the technical aspect to focus on more classical elements such as direction or plot. The direction remains awake and controlled, despite the infinite possibilities of the environment, and is a very good surprise. The futuristic story (Paris 2053) makes it a classic SF movie and keeps interested in the viewer until the end. In spite of a basic classic plot (an investigation that far exceeds the initial expectations), the atmosphere and some recent interesting themes (genetics, the absolute power of certain companies ...) give this film a special interest. is an animated movie, this is not obviously made for children. You will not find here a funny animal or a bad moral family, just the cold reality. It's much closer to a good noir movie. We have found that setting is one of the best aspects of the film: we still feel well-known Paris, but it is transformed by a fine futurism touch. However, I regret a few mistakes. Mounting is sometimes a bit flat, one or two very slow-loosening effects and some bad dialogues. Even though the technique is excellent, it shows its limits in some romantic sequences (a kind of "final fantasy"). These small things make it 7/10. Overall, it is a successful artistic challenge that you have to look at if you can. The director, Christian Volckman, knows not to fall into potential traps (fortunately, they did not ask John Woo to do his job!). In conclusion, it is a film with visual effects, a smart story and a wonderful art direction. Watch her if you can! Please excuse me for spelling mistakes.
