The story says that on December 28, 1895, a small group of thirty-three people was gathered at the Indien Du Grand Café in Paris to witness the cinema, a supposed new invention that resulted from the work of two photographers called August and Louis Lumière. The small audience reunited on that day (some by invitation, most of all due to curiosity) did not really know what to expect from the show, and when a stationary photo appears on screen, most believed cinema was just another slide-show projections. Until the photo began to move. What those thirty-three people experienced in astonishment on that cold December day was the first public examination of an on-screen motion picture; history was written and the cinema, as we know it was born that day. Of the 10 short films that were featured on that historic day, "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" (literally "Exiting the Lumière Factory") was the first to be examined. The film shows many workers at the Lumière factory as they pass through the factory gates, leaving the building at the end of a busy day of work. While a "current movie" (a film that illustrates a true event), the film surprised everyone in public, because their concept of shooting was limited to Edison's "Peep Show" (Kinetoscope), the invention of the brothers was like as they have not seen before, and so the audience was in danger as people and horses moved along the screen. The idea was not entirely new (Le Prince filmed the first film since 1888), but the way the film was presented was simply revolutionary. La Sortie Des Usines Lumière would become the first in the long series of "up-to-date films" that Lumière would produce over the years. This primitive form of documentary was the favorite film of the brothers because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than the uses that the Cinema could have. Despite the initial lack of enthusiasm, after the first show the Cinema became a great success and "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" quickly became an iconic image of the first view. It was definitely not the first movie the brothers shot that year, and it probably was not the best of the 10 films shown that day (I personally think "L Arroseur Arrosé" was the best one 10); however, it is really significant that the first film was the opening of a gate of gates, literally, this film opened the gates of the cinema as we know it. 8/10
