All the films made before 1912 must really be viewed with a sense of time and place. In 1894, the Lumiere family (father: Antoine (1840-1911), sons: Auguste and Louis) owned and operated a factory that manufactured photographic plates and paper. It is not a small enterprise; the factory had more than 200 employees who benefited from pensions and social security benefits - innovative for that time. It was located in Montplaisir in the suburbs of Lyon, France. What caused Louis Lumiere to become interested in building a cinema in 1894 remains open for speculation. My suggestion is that the appearance of Edison's Kinetoscope (peep-show machine) in Paris in the autumn of 1894 provided the catalyst. W.K.L. Dickson, from Edison's staff, invented a moving camera about the size of a vertical piano that was patented in February 1893. It was electrically operated (using energy from heavy-duty batteries). This massive machine pumped tape celluloid company "Eastman") went through a lens of about 40 frames per second (fps), being an almost real estate in "Black Maria" (essentially the first film studio.) Kinetescope machines presented more phased presentations less than a minute) that were filmed in this studio. In 1894, Louis Lumiere enrolled to invent a moving camcorder, determining that even at 16 frames per second of celluloid, the persistence of human eye / brain vision would allow perception of a normal movement. His camera, called the Cinema, had the size of a large shoe box and was provided with a detachable film magazine that provided storage for enough film to make a last drag for about a minute when it was cranked past the goal at 16 fps. The camera's lightweight size and weight (could be transformed into a printer or projector by adding a light source) has made it portable enough for it to be taken anywhere to record an event (provided there is enough sunlight). In the spring of 1895, Louis filmed: a trick by some cavalry men; a fire house with firemen arriving and putting the building swallowed with water; and a host of other scenes in and around Lyon. Using a Molteni light bulb, he turned the camera into a projector and presented the films of the assembled scientists in the Revue Generales des Science magazine. The images were projected on a screen five meters away from the lens. The screen was stretched out in a door between two rooms. At a meeting of professional photographers, in the same year, Louis photographed delegates arriving and the same evening he showed them cinematographic films of their arrival. With prizes from both the scientific and the photographic communities, Louis decided to have a public exhibition of his invention by the end of the year. Since each of his films was one minute, he needed at least a dozen films to make a good presentation. For one of these films, he set up his camera at the entrance to his factory, photographing the departure of his employees at the run-time. The public place chosen by Antoine - who offered himself as a "barker" for the Cinema - was the Great Cafe Salon Indies on the Boulevard des Capucines in Paris. It was a winter Saturday night on December 28, 1895. At the first audience there was a projected exterior view of the Lumiere factory (with gates closed.) Some were shagged that they would only see a routine Lumiere picture presentation. But then the crank on the camera / projector was rotated and the movement started. Louis had an inborn sense for filming. This film has a beginning, a medium and an end. At first the doors are open and people start to leave their workplace; In the midst of the time, people are sneaking - many are trying to ignore the camera and the cameraman because they seem happy to leave a day behind them. Finally, the factory gates are closed. And this was the first movie designed for the entertainment of the general public.
