I just came back from the late cinema and it was really a quiet way because most of the audience analyzed the black and white images of the partition, the freedom movement, etc., which reminded our lives very much "our ancestors faced! In the midst of this context, your mind, there was no tel / fax / Internet in those times, but for the very voice of Truth and non-violence, the cinema infused some spirit with the cruel reality of adversity in the middle of Raj. <br /> Gandhi is presented as a working lawyer in South Africa, who stood up for his basic ideologies and gave every degree of conviction to spread awareness of the same thing with humility and sainthood that at the speech given to General Smut was presented as a nice goodbye on. He had a beautiful remark when he said that we are praying to the British in India now that Gandhi, the politician is settled on In the background of a large family with many children, there must be mentioned a clear divine attention and love that had to hide the psyche of the unfortunate child who was left alone to aspire to unrealistic ambitions. Harilal knew very little about his aptitude, and he became emotionally distracted with small pleasures in life and fails in front of his father's giant idol. He tries to move away from the mentor ship that is the basis of any success that should be seen by the lucky neighbors in the streets of Gandhi's residence when Harilal Holes his frustration into the open. This means that he becomes poorly mentally and becomes psychologically disordered in A measure he is forced into conversion and religious alcoholism, with debt and disobedience, fuel his negative thoughts. He had shown sincere love to his mother through sensitive scenes, and even Gandhi's humble expressions that made Harilal forgive him, gave him no conclusion in his mind, as he always feared the Father, Gandhi. could not digest the fact that Gandhi could not share his love with him, as he expected and was led to revolt when he could not understand the delivery of scholarship money by his father to his cousin where he saw an opportunity study did not succeed for the advocate in England. <br /> <br /> This had to take him with the toll in him thrown into the street like a beggar when the whole of India celebrated independence! The life of a poor never changes what might come, but the way in which the sad death of Kasturba & Gandhi is brought into silence. Finally emotional the last turbulent thoughts of Harilal Death is presented as a flashback to keep the audience grip and wondering where the father of the nation went wrong? he was intelligent enough to be mentally powerful to lead a man army and use his courageous son as a weapon to show the British and rival forces that when it comes to the interest of the nation nothing happens between us. though to read the heart of Mahatma, you must live outside of his family and see which harilly naive emotionally can not see he lives inside ... A pity that such naive harillas still destroy the efforts of many fathers Mahatma-like in many families in life directly took to drugs, alcoholism and God knows what thoughts !! Here is a message to all the sainik brave (soldier) -sons Please respect the father of the nation! Please submit, and happiness will be given, or else it is a disaster waiting, is not it?
