It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to do Gandhi (1982) - it was just a story of a great individual who did not go to this planet long ago. By comparison, it must have been much more difficult for director Feroz Abbas Khan to make his directorial debut in order to make Gandhi's father, who has entered a heroic anti-hero against an international hero, both of whom are true individuals from a historical and ironic father and son. The events in the film are mostly real. Mahatma Gandhi lived as shown in the film, setting high moral standards for the world to follow. However, these standards have overshadowed the aspirations of his eldest son, Harilal, to be a reputable lawyer like his father, to end their education and get a job in India, thus providing income for the family its nuclear power. the film does not dishonor Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi, his mission was greater than his family's aspirations. He loved his family and cared for them, though his thoughts about their damping were crowded with his ideal of taking care of the masses. He stood for equality and dignity among all people and, in his opinion, to offer special special benefits to his son, who was watching other worthy people, opposed the basis of what he preached. The film analyzes an unusual case of parents, where an idealist parent places voids for a less bright descendant. <br /> <br /> The film presents an unusual scenario that has happened. A son marries his childhood boyfriend, upsetting his father. The father faces his son's educational aspirations at several key junctions. The fragile connection between a devoted son and a father breaks, while the son wants to stand on his own feet and care for his nuclear family. While the father gradually becomes the father of a nation, the son shoots himself in search of identity and survival. His marriage breaks and seeks consolation in religion, the defeat between Islam and Hinduism. Through all his troubles he remains in touch with his mother until he conceals him because he is drunk. Feroz Khan is, in essence, a director of plays that makes his entrance into cinema. He wrote and directed the play Mahatma vs. Gandhi, which had a considerable impact on the Indian theater community. The play and subsequent film were based on two biographies, one by Chandulal Dalal and one by Nilamben Parekh. The success of the stage was an obvious reason for Bollywood's commercial actor, Anil Kapoor, to produce this remarkable film. Every time a good director tries to direct the cinema, there is evidence of a lack of confidence in the environment. Peter Brook is a great director, but less competent as a film director. The opening images of Khan's film promise a great cinema, a dead Harilal Gandhi is brought to Zion Hospital, Bombay (Mumbai), just mumbled that his father is Bapu (the popular name of Mahatma Gandhi), father of an entire nation. Hospital authorities do not recognize him as Mahatma Gandhi's eldest son, die in poverty and loneliness. Apart from the dramatic opening, the film unfortunately presents only a wonderful story and some extraordinary pictures of the father and son meditating in silhouette. For an Indian film, there are some high-quality production that goes hand in hand with a lack of interest for details (most of the film's indians wear fresh and freshly washed hairstyles, modern actors and even Shefali Shetty plays Mohandas Gandhi's wife, a century ago, with her tattered eyebrows), grandfather of the Indian cinema. Since Feroz Khan is a theater personality, he has invested much more effort in working with actors in character development than cinematic details, somewhat like Sir Attenborough, another person who is also a product of the theater ( Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts). <br /> <br /> Knowing very well that, to criticize Gandhi in any way, asked for problems, even if there was no direct criticism in the film, producer Anil Kapoor made a remarkable decision not to pose of the film to be accessible in India, fearing that some might break the poster or could respect it intentionally or unintentionally. <br /> <br /> With all the mixture of greatness and mistakes, Gandhi, my father throws more questions to the spectator. Is a mother tied more strongly than a father-son tied to his parents? The closest family is less important than humanity in general? Are they seeking refuge in religion and alcohol only when they encounter worldly problems? In this film, Harilal, struck by adversity, goes from one religion to another, while his father cites the scriptures, "Forgive them because they do not know what they are doing" when they are beaten and thrown to the ground by an African policeman South, convinced of the value of religion and persuading others. The film won the award for best actress at the Tokyo International Film Festival for Shefali Shetty (Shah) and an Indian award from critics. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor treated very well a sensitive subject and achieved above average performances of the ensemble of actors. I hope that the international success of the film will pave the way for a director able to shoot another glamorous Indian game Gughish Karnad, Tughlaq, meeting international quality standards one day.
