Ferod Abbas Khan's Gandhi My Father, a film that sheds light on the fractured relationship between Mahatma and his son, Harilal Gandhi. For such a dramatic story as the one this movie is trying to say, it is a pity that the director fails to tell him dramatically. Gandhi My father was told you as a boring historical lesson that brought you to bed. Now, the film aims to convey a very interesting point - the fact that Gandhi, in his attempt to be a fair person, has become an unjust father. This point is made in the film many times, and one of the examples given to do so is that the scholarship in England, which Gandhi twice refuses his son. Instead of showing how Harilal really treated this betrayal and what happened in the head, the director is just heading with the story without letting us witness the increasing resentment Harilal feels about his father. Therefore, when we finally see a break from Harilal, it will show that it would react too much. The point I'm trying to make here is that we never understand why Harilal became the rebel he did. We never understand why he turned to Islam and then back to Hinduism. The point is, we do not understand Harilal at all. That's because the director of this film is too busy concentrating on Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the fight for freedom, a story that most of us already know. To simply say, my Father, Gandhi, promises to examine the father-son relationship, but does not show us where the cracks in this relationship first met. We understand that Harilal had to live with the task of being a Gandhi son, but show us why it was a burden to begin with. Show us incidents of their early conflict. For example, it is not enough for Gandhi to say only that he opposes Harilal's early marriage, to tell us why this opposition? It is not enough that Kasturba accuse her husband of the way his son proved - because he steadily drove him between the schools of Gujarat and South Africa because he made him move every time Gandhi needed to move. The words are not enough, show us how these incidents have formed the character of Harilal Gandhi. Moreover, instead of missing out on the delicate theme of this weak relationship between Gandhi and Gandhi, the film stops too many tangents, which dilutes the central theme impact. This has never been a movie about the struggle for Independence, and yet, in many situations, it seems exactly because the director feels almost bound to take us through all the main events that led up to that historical moment, much of it has no relevance to the underlying premise of the film - the relationship between father and son stormy. So you see the problem with this movie is not that it's a bad movie, but it's certainly a very confusing film. What happens to Harilal's children after his wife's death? Does he ever have a relationship with them? Where do I suddenly disappear after that scene we see with Mahatma and Kasturba? None of these questions is answered in a movie that aims at relationships in the Gandhi family. The cinematic version of an extremely popular piece, directed by Feroz Abbas Khan himself, Gandhi My Father, is a disappointment, no questions. Cinematically, she strives to translate the ambitious intention of the screen shot. Basically, every scene in the movie opens and closes with fade-ins and fade-out, never without any leadership in each other. On the positive side, there is inherent nobility in the movie that you recognize. The director makes every effort to provide a balanced narrative, trying hard not to take part, never judging his father or son, never violating as a villain. What makes the film, however, is clear that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch whose ideals formed the nation, but obviously alienated his family. Of all the actors in the film, it's just Akshaye Khanna that really shines in the unlucky Harilal Gandhi. It's a great performance and it's not easy, because the role covers virtually the whole life of the character. But Akshaye brings a rarity of innocence and despair to that side and manages to make Harilal a pitiful figure. You just watch him in that scene where he discovers that his wife is dead and you realize how much he transmits them only through body language. Meanwhile, Darshan Jariwala, who plays Gandhi Senior, adopts a cartoonistic approach to playing Mahatma in his last years, but it is how he humiliates man in his early years as a lawyer in South Africa, which is the most actor's good contribution to that role. Shefali Shah, who is very talented, interprets Kasturba, the woman who wants to be torn into this father-son conflict, but if she fails to bring that sense of helplessness, then it's not her fault, for it's the blame of a risky scenario. Much of the effort went into making this film and this is obvious throughout the movie, but the film suffers from that inevitable flaw, which you will eventually remember about it when you leave the cinema - it's so boring. of Feroz Abbas Khan, is a sincere effort, yes, but also a movie that could have been made with a much stricter script. What we find out in the film is that Gandhi and Harilal have been very unhappy. And with this film, the director does us too.
