For a long time, we see Gandhi movies. And more, light is always portrayed as a freedom fighter or guy with principles. But when I hear that a film that will highlight Gandhi as a Father and focus on his relationship with his Son, it has caught my attention instantly because it is a territory that is at least explored because it has its own part darker and fewer people showed courage to live in it. Fortunately, Anil Kapoor (producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (Director) have done. The story begins with Gandhi working in South Africa and his relationship with white men and his wife. The last Akshay (Harilal) joined his father to become a barrister, but his dream overturned when his father (Gandhi) pushed (or motivated) him to become a fighter for freedom. It shows that Gandhi believes more about practical study than about formal education. Harilal also tries to follow his father's footsteps, but soon he failed because his love for his wife, his children and his dream of becoming a great success changed his way and then began to repulse from father to son. He ultimately defeated his father in pursuit of his dream and leaving him in his terms. He wrote back to India, but then began his unsuccessful stories, which are getting bigger with time. I let the reader see the movie to catch the next story ... Performance. First Akshay. He gave the best performances of his mandate so far and is absolutely convincing in his portrait like Harilal Gandhi. The scene where he gets into the room where his wife's dead body is, is where you can see a fine actor who is hidden / developed in Akshay. Darshan jariwala is also good as MK Gandhi and able to live such a larger character than life. He did well and easily. Shefali Chaya (Now Shah) as Kasturba is a brilliant actress and has already proven herself in the TV series. And Bhumika chawla had a good performance, but the actress of her candidacy is wasted in this kind of role. Other actors have also justified their performance. Technique and makeup are also good cinema, especially since the picturing of the Duo tone was too good. The costume looks and fits the context. In general, a movie worth seeing, which is slowly slow in progress and anxious people can look boring, but it gives you a picture of the area that is not brought on the silver screen so far. Also, the way the story of the progress and the connection of the scene can seem to people and critics especially for a film observer like me is still enough to make me busy on my chair until the end.
