Although I've been a fan of Peter Weir for a long time, I have not watched any of Australian movies until I looked at The Last Wave. And it was a pleasant and unpredictable surprise. Richard Chamberlain plays David, a lawyer invited to defend five aborigines accused of killing another aboriginal. For David's classmates there is a clear case of drunkenness and they think they should plead guilty and serve a quick sentence. But David believes there is a mystery under murder, linked to tribal rituals. As the investigation unfolds, he learns not only about his clients but also about himself. To reveal more would be to ruin one of the weirdest movies I've ever seen. I can only say that this movie is going in directions that no one will expect. There are many elements that make this movie fascinating: for example, in the role of Chamberlain; but also the performances of David Gulpilil, who plays an aboriginal young man who introduces David to tribal places; and Nandjiwarra Amagula, who plays an old aboriginal that is a spiritual guide. The relationships between these three characters make the heart of the movie. But there is also how Weir suggests the supernatural in the film. David has dreams that warn him about the future. Australia is going through terrible weather, with storms, hailstorms and even a mysterious black rain that can only be a pollution. But it is also related to the case in which David defends. This is one of the great revelations of the movie. From the few events, Weir manages to create an atmosphere of fear and oppression, suggesting future horrors without showing anything. Charles Wain's score is fantastic, especially the use of didgeridoo. The photo is also pretty good. Russell Boyd, former Weir's president, who won an Oscar in 2004 for the Master and Commander, describes a mysterious dark and creepy world. I also find it extremely remarkable that for an aboriginal film, turn into an accusation against white culture or a celebration of their traditions such as Wolves Dances or The Last Samurai. This movie is too smart to be so simplistic. Sometimes it can be frustrating and may upset viewers who expect to finish a movie with everything that makes sense; but for those who do not mind a strange or ambiguous, The Last Wave is a great movie to watch.
