Director Kinka Usher keeps her true credo, "Play it right and laugh", and with the help of a superb cast she created what should become the best cult movie of all time, Mystery Men. When an evil villain, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is released from a psychic institution, surprises the local super hero, Amazing Captain (Greg Kinnear) and threatens to take over the city's champion, three superheroes, The Shoveler Macy) and Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) come to rescue. Frankenstein was associated with a multitude of assortment of foam in the underworld, however, and became a formidable opponent. Trio realizes that he needs help and decides to recruit; what they end up with is nothing less than the most memorable team of "superheroes" ever assembled in the history of cinema. Mr. Furious has anger; The Shoveler, his shovel; Blue Raja throws silver (mainly forks, and occasional spoon, but never a knife); the invisible boy (Kel Mitchell) can become invisible as long as no one looks; The Sphinx (Wes Studi), a hard hitter from the south, is very mysterious and can break the weapons halfway with his mind. May be; Bowler (Janeane Garofalo) can throw a ball with moral precision; and The Spleen (Paul Reubens) has a flatulence that can damage a whole room. This is a brilliant ensemble that offers laughter without ever becoming condescending or patronizing the public while playing it right at any given time. The dialogue is alive and the performances offered by Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are exemplified. There are a number of memorable and hilarious scenes, especially the one where a pool party and a barbecue are to be recruited, and interviews with an amazing association of applicants; and another in a bar, when Bowler has a conversation with her dead father, whose skull was implanted in his bowling balls. The funniest of all, however, must be when the team actually tries to save Captain Amazing. But these are just examples, because the whole movie consists of a hilarious scene after another, with a subtle humor that will make you laugh and think about it for a long time. The real secret of his success, however, is that Usher continues to be real; relationships between characters are true, and the whole concept of being a "superhero" is played out as being entirely reasonable, which in some way gives a sense of credibility to the whole process. In this world, the aspirations of Mr Furios and the rest are sustained, and Usher continues to laugh coming in without ever resorting to the hammer or gangs of sight. Also, Lena Olin (Dr. Annabel Leek), Eddie Izzard (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (Mother Blue Raja), Jenifer Lewis (Lucille) Pras .). "Mystery Men" is a truly inspired movie, which can be seen and repeated with a new chic to have with every view, guaranteed. In the immortal words of the Sphinx, "We are the number one! All the others are the second or the smallest." It's an Oscar-worthy film, but for a good moment and a lot of laugh, treat this comedy masterpiece; is the real deal and you will not regret it. I've rated 10/10.
