I saw the Mystery Mystery on my birthday in 1999 when I was on vacation. When I returned home, I went to see him again. Remember, I was twelve, but at that moment it was the best movie ever. I have even collected the very rare figures of action (I have all but the Bowler, which is the hardest to find.) They made Mr. Furious, The Shoveler, Blue Raja, Spleen and Captain Amazing, if you ask. There is a figure of action of William H. Macy in existence!). I have followed it several times over the years and still remains a favorite of me, especially due to the wonderful childhood memories. It's not a perfect movie, but it definitely deserves another look and maybe a next cult. Story: A bunch of low-level superheroes saves the day. This was again performed in the mediocre, direct-to-video film "The Specials". But this is the other end of the spectrum: big budget (huge budget, almost $ 100 million think) studio comedy. Yes, the effects are exaggerated, and the huge sets and wonderful production design are a little more into consideration in the plot. But do not you think this movie is a stupid film, especially of superheroic effects - it's a parody. He's fighting a villain called Cassanova Frankenstein, people. He has a psychopractor, no matter what he is (he is a judge, he will take over the world, yada yada.) And the super-hero resident Captain Amazing (a Zapp Brannigan-esque Greg Kinnear, with commercial-produced logos on his costume , nice touch) is kidnapped. Time for the Masters: Mister Furious, The Shoveller (William H. Macy, beats people with shovels), The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, British throws forks), Bowler (Janeane Garafolo, Bowl), Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell, guess what he does), Spleen (great Paul Reubens, farts), and the Sphinx (Wes Studi, cut his arms half with his mind, do not joke). The rest of the characters' fantastic characters include Geoffrey Rush as Cassanova, Lena Olin strongly edited as Cassanova's bride, and the only Tom Waits as a mad gun dealer. So ... with Macy, Kinnear, Olin and Rush there are four Oscar nominees (and a winner) and Tom freakin 'Waits! But it's not perfect. It is extremely long and there are some corn rocks here and there (The Shoveller is full of them). Dialogue definitely exceeds the physical comedy, which is sometimes lacking (there is a guy who knees for his power, a closed case). Dialogue is surely a climax, cyclical spells of the Sphinx, the mixed metaphors of Furious, etc. It's a funny movie (it almost makes you forget that it was the movie that left "Smashmouth All Star" out of the world.) Unfortunately, the film did not do the same thing with critics and audiences as it should have . A sequel was originally planned (the film is based in fact on a comic book and comic book character "Flaming Carrot." The Flaming carrot was planned for the sequel that I think) but this did not happen well at the box office. It could have been great news, a super-hero comedy with the guy at "There's Something About Mary". It could also be that it was released on the same day as "The Sixth Sense" - which was the biggest blow for August - and "The Thomas Crown Affair." Two other unclear classics were released in the crowded, strange weekend - "Dick" and "The Giant Iron". Critics gave MM acceptable reviews but was quickly forgotten. Unfortunately, on Jerry Stiller's comedy center, comedian Jeffrey Ross commented to Ben Stiller that "I saw Mystery Men" and I kicked out my agent. Ben then saw the words "I should." Do not listen to him. Give him "People of Mystery" a chance.
