You know the people in the movie are in their favor when the king-size hail frames fall out of a clear blue sky. In fact, the weather remains pretty bad during this atmospheric thriller, and only Chamberlain lawyer has the answer. But it is too much European rationalism, I gather to get in touch with that inner being that reveals itself only through dreams. An original, mysterious mystery about metaphysics written by writer-writer Peter Weir. He has already proven his talent to flirt with other sizes in Picnic at Hanging Rock (1975). Here is the arcane world of the Australian Aborigines who are confronted with the fact that the well-ordered world of predominant whites. Something strange happens inside the aboriginal community when I kill one of their numbers for no apparent reason. Advocate Chamberlain lawyer has to defend them in a white man's court. But the more they look at things, the more mysterious things come to pass, and the more an old, old, aboriginal man who comes into it. And then there are the dreadful dreams that come and go in strange moments. A well structured scenario deepens the interest throughout life. One of the reasons why the film works is the normality of Chamberlain's wife and young daughter's background. Audiences can easily identify with them. And when their little world squeezes into forces beyond the usual framework, normality begins to bend, and we get to the feeling that the world is starting to collide. Chamberlain overlaps everywhere, especially during the underground breakout tour, where I think he should have been more aware of him than he did. After all, it's the lifting of the mask that holds the key (believe) in the riddle, but its reaction does not really record the revelation. Of course, the notion of breaking nature has some resonance now, thirty years later. In the movie, the concept is wrapped in a lot of hocus-pocus of entertainment, but the subject itself remains one who says. One way to bring a central irony to the film is the symbol of the opening scene. A white white SUV barrel passed an aboriginal family, leaving it in historical dust. The land looks like an inner tribal reserve, of no great importance for the coastal meat of the industry. However, it is also a region that will survive the best wave of destruction. Perhaps there is something about the past and future about which to think about here. Anyway, this is a very good movie that will probably stay with you.
