"Home Room" came as a total surprise. He had no idea what he was talking about, paid a long time because he does not have a shot and what we see is how life changes by the act of a disgruntled young man who has decided to make his classmates who are the innocent victims of its revolt actions. Paul Ryan, the director, who works and edits his own material, is a talented man who is rewarded with an amazing adventure from all points of view. <br /> <br /> Alicia Browning is a bigger girl trying to graduate from high school. She was away for a few years and does not seem to be the same wavelength of the other students. For one, she is a rebel with a look of punk, a lot of makeup and a mouth that will cut anyone who dares to approach her orbit. Alicia was among the students in the home room where nine students, supposedly killed by her boyfriend, died. Alicia, we realize, is an injured girl who has gone through a terrible attempt in her life, but we are not given any clues to that. What follows is the tragedy, focuses on a surviving young woman. Deanna Cartwright is a rich teenager who should not have been at school. When a ricochet bullet hit her, she is hospitalized with more than a wound. Try to go over this dark period in her mind, but nightmares do not let her forget. Alicia is made to go to the hospital by the school principal. Because he does not cooperate with the police, the head of the school wants to see Deanna in her terrible state and maybe she will soak and tell the authorities what she knows. Alicia does not like Deanna, but in a matter of days, both girls will make peace. We do not realize until the last sequence that really happened that terrible day in school. Busy Phillips makes an excellent Alicia and Erika Christiansen is as good as Deanna. Victor Garber, James Pinkins, Taylor Holland, and the rest of the cast expressed as an ensemble. The film has an intensity because it is not explicit to show how the shooting took place, which helps the tone that Ryan wanted to give this film.
