Spoilers I loved the episodes later from college and on, but I would like to get the last season on DVD. Unfortunately, the most recent thing I can get is the first college season. The teenagers were still sweet; although they focused on magic, they also made it a character that teenagers could relate to, deeling with teenage indigenous children and children in divorced families. This show was very innocent; have not entered into morbid teenage issues such as sex and drugs, but have pressured to fit. I liked to look at her growing up to deal with her magic on her own and try to convince Aunts to let her go as she left the nest. Older episodes were nice, but it was better to see her (as a teenage witch), but an adulterous witch. I loved Roxy and Mortgan; they were so talented! In previous episodes, aunts were great actresses, but they were so strict, kind and loving, but in some ways they treated her as a small child, but not in all respects. I mean, they put it to the ground for any mistake she made with her magic, that is, to let her learn from her own mistakes once! That's what I liked about college episodes; she was able to learn from her own mistakes without relying on everything; that was annoying. Let's not leave Hilda and Zelda. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and was perfect for Sabrina with her Perky personality. I liked the last episode in which she ran away from Harvey's marriage, but as someone else said, it would have been nice to see what happened afterwards. I mean, I think it was obvious they were married; if someone else would run into the bridal gown? But I would have liked to have seen that. I supposed they want to let the viewer choose the end rather than the spoon, which feeds him, as do the most comedies. Someone said he could show him that they were getting married and going to school at home, but they already graduated from college. Sabrina had a good job for a magazine, and I think Harvey had a good job because he lived in a beautiful apartment that we only see at the end, but they never say what he does. As a child, they always talk about how he does not want to be an exterminator like his father. When Sabrina moved home that season, they never explain how it happened. In fact, there is a lot of show does not explain, but we assumed it should be to leave it to us and give it a mystery. Before Sabrina and his friends move to the house, she shows Hilda the marriage and all the spell that ends with Zelda turning into a child. Hilda returns in the last episode (and Zelda exists in another form, but Beth is not in the episode) but does not show Zelda's husband or what happened, as if they had children? Perhaps they did not want too much to happen in one episode. I also liked Hart's sister, who played her spoiled cousin! She was beautiful and great actress and it was interesting to see her aged! I canon think it was six years since the show left the air! I still love reps! Also, I do not know if anyone has noticed this, but in earlier episodes, the city was called Westbridge (a faith-built city close to Salem), but in later episodes, it does not mention the name of the city Westbridge is being asked and I think I call it Boston, unless this is where she worked. I also wanted to add, we found the "Wild Wild Sabrina" episode where it is learned about the importance of the rules, to be insulting. She was 18 years old and was too old to be earthed; I would have been insulted if my parents landed me at the age of 18. And I think while an 18-year-old can do harm as he did, he has to learn the consequences on his own. I think at 18 they know the rules are important.
