I have this movie on DVD and you must have seen it thirty times so far. I have to like it very well, right? Well, not really. I was a surfer earlier in my life, and I loved the sport. So far, I'm fascinated by good navigation. Riding Giants has a lot of that, and therefore I'm a sucker for work. But I certainly have some bones to choose with her. (Peralta, are you listening?). First, the film has little confidence in its subject. Cutting and editing waves is such that most are a kind of ruin. Very, very few waves are actually shown from the beginning to the end. Peralta seems dependent on a hyper-kinetic, cut-and-pace method. It happens very badly in the middle section of Mavericks in North California. No wave is taken to start. Almost all of the section about Mavericks (one-third of the movie) is a jarging of clips with an equally offensive soundtrack. I can understand the effect that Peralta is trying to touch with the Mavericks, because the place is a truly frightening mixture of waves of bruising in the frigid tail of the open ocean, but he goes too far. Mavericks is not just an acidic journey. Waves are actually traveled there, even with great performance. It would have been nice to see some of them. If Peralta thinks this is a great sport (and I'm sure he does), then why does he insist on mixing so much with the subject? Sometimes editing reduces the movie to the insignificant. There is a quick clip in the Peahi section of Hawaii, which I still can not understand. Even if I use it slowly on DVD, the image is too fast to be deciphered. There must be some frames in length to the maximum <br /> <br /> Secondly, the boys who have done this have ever learned about underestimation? It's especially gullible to watch the directors' direct version on DVD. These guys sound like two girls in the valley. The same feeling occurs in the main production. Everything is always so amazing "amazing". A character, in particular, is simply unpleasant - Sam George, editor of Surfer Magazine, who basically suspects in pants every time he has something to say. He is a super cute in the movie. There is an enormous amount of effort that has entered this movie. I mean, just to get the old movie photos you have, and also all the interviews. The movie is a wonderful story and I think it's generally amusing entertainment. The theme is well established, the three parts focusing around Greg Noll, Jeff Clark and Laird Hamilton. There are some uses of photographic photography that are phenomenal. In the director's story, they say it's a new type of 3D technology and it really works. The three main characters shine, both in their interviews and in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He raises at the top of his sport in a way that I just saw Michael Jordan in basketball. And the story of his encounter with his father is a jewel. She really touched me. The movie could have been so much. The last part of the movie, when the credits roll out, gives a clue as to what might have been. There are some beautiful panoramic wave pictures with a magnificent soundtrack. (The soundtrack of the rest of the movie is garbage though you may like it if you are a fan of the modern rock school.) Anyway, they're my two cents ...
