I remember seeing this when he was released in a theater in Palo Alto and I did not expect too much. I mean, an Australian movie? But eventually he came to me. Here's a scene. Richard Chamberlain stands cross-legged on the floor of an apartment in Sidney, facing an old Australian named Charlie. Chamberlain: "You were out of my house last night, you scared my wife. And Charlie, at a deliberate pace, responds: "Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Are you a fish? Are you a snake? Are you a man? Who are you? a striking scene, all shot, with Chamberlain's handsome face that fills the screen, in contrast to Charlie's shadowy vision, unseen, bearded. The two guys could not be any different, and this film is the story of how Chamberlain accidentally collides with the humble advocate's existence in the inexplicable, almost inexplicable uncertainties of Charlie's world. "I do not think he'll go on with the plot anymore, it's kind of an apocalyptic story, but I have to say that anyone who has done research on Australian systems of aboriginal beliefs should receive a plus A. They have everything here, from showing bone to dream time, a kind of parallel universe in which dreams are real.It is a very scary film, without musical winds or splendid special effects. Charly's world just starts entering Chamberlain's dreams, for reasons that have never been cleared. If there's a problem with the script, that's all. Nothing is ever clear. Does Chamberlain, who seems to have an extraordinary report with Aborigines, die in the last wave? Do the Aborigines? Has all the Sidney? The basic premise is a little hard to accept, though we admit it is a fantasy. Aborigines are invested with the kind of spiritual power that Americans give to American Indians, while mythology is mythology and while a person can be more complex or more satisfying - more elegant and beautiful, if you like - mythology is still tries to overcome an ordinary, demanding, and sometimes disappointing physical existence. Charlie's mystique is much more convincing than the miracles of Moses in Cecil B. DeMille's "Ten Commandments," but they are brothers under the skin. But I do not care about that. Taken as a movie, this is good enough and is especially important for celebrity director Peter Weir and the Australian film industry. This was the first of a great wave of antipode films, some of them drooping, like "Mad Max," and some subtle and dramatic, like "Lantana." I like the things of Weir, which looks like Nicholas Roeg, being pregnant with subliminal horror. Try "Picnic at Hanging Rock" for an example of how to make a really cool film without a drop of blood.
