Wow! Stacy Peralta followed Dogtown and Z-Boys with an equally stunning documentary about the history of the high-speed navigation culture in America. Sharing archive images together with interviews from surfing legends, we are transported to the bold and free life of early pioneers, whose absolute passion for this sport has spawned an industry that touches the lives of millions of people. <br /> <br /> These icons and their stories are known which give the film the warmth. You can feel Peralta's respect for this group as we hear Greg Noll's accounts moving from a pack of surfers thrown to the beach to specifically cause 50 feet swelling off the coast northern Hawaii. Or Jeff Clark, sailing on Maverick, with dangerous scandals, off the coast of northern California, alone for 15 years before being discovered and became the surfing destination in California. And the history of Laird Hamilton's stories, the today's navigation icon. Hearing Greg Noll all refers to Hamilton as the best surfer who ever sent me chills. (In addition, Noll, Clark and others were at the Sundance screenings.) Noll humbly described it as an old one, was deeply moved by the reception of the audience and the movie. Both he and Clark were just as pleased as they were in the movie.) Passengers Giants pay tribute to these extraordinary athletes, rewarding us at the same time with an understanding of the magnitude and scary power of the waves they are trying to conquer them, the vertical drops of the intestine that had to enter them and the almost impossible combination of adrenaline and the fear that surfers experience each time they take a swell monster. All this, and the movie has more. For those of us who did not live in California in the 1960s, we get a glimpse of the impact of surfing on American pop culture. (And, to my surprise, the impact of Gidget on navigation!), Peralta also weaved a mayor on some technical aspects of sport and the history of innovation in equipment. I'm not a surfer, but like the rest of the Sundance audience, I was absolutely captivated by this movie. Peralta places her claim as "Big Kahuna" of American documentaries.
