Riding Giants is a brilliant documentary that sinks deep into the world of one of the most underestimated sports and brings to the surface a very human and raw emotion that only director Stacy Peralta can capture. Everything from the structure, the players to the amazing films of the picture, even in the style in which this film was filmed, only strengthens the beauty and power behind the surfing sport. Of all the surfing movies I've seen (Endless Summer, Billabong Odyssey and Step into Liquid), this was the most consistent and relevant. Beginning with the early ages of surfing (a brief lesson of history), which lasts until Laird's infamous walk, Giant de Riding goes further into the mind, heart and soul of the sport than any other documentary. How does this work? Offering us the whole story, from beginning to end, without fiction or jigging from wave to wave. <br /> <br /> To begin this film was structurally sound. In the other movies I've seen about surfing, sometimes you find yourself jumping from a new person to a new person, wave to wave, event at the event, you do not know why or who? In Riding Giants we have a very small distribution of veterans and beginners. This allows you to go deeper into everyone's mind. Also, instead of wearing only waves, we are given more history and more personal understanding of the world than before. That's what really attracted me to this movie. I was impressed that instead of showing all these great waves (because it is a big wave movie), we listen to the stories and see first what these surfers had to overcome to reach those waves. I liked the information about "beach batons" or my surfing father. I'm still surrounded by stunning stories by Greg Noll and his early adventures in intense blue. Then, to see him in person, talking about what was going on in his mind, added more fuel to the fire. The simple structure that Peralta followed me allowed me to follow and go with more knowledge of sport than with any of my previous films. Peralta shows so many emotions and passions that you can not help but be amazed at what these courageous people have done and where this sport takes place. Add to an immaculate structure an intense and creative cinema and you have almost perfect movie perfect. Using the techniques I've seen last time in The Kid Stays in the picture, Giant riding creates scenes that feel almost as if they were jumping from the screen. While it's not 3D, it's that flat dimensional feeling you get when you put two images one on top of another. In this movie, it worked. It has created more depths of scenes and has really added not only the value of the shock (the man these waves were huge), but also the danger these guys have constantly encountered. If they broke otherwise, or if they were mistaken, these waves would kill them. Some died but did not stop the sport. It created more enthusiasm and more passion to do better. This love of ocean and sport leads me to my final point. The human element. So many of my previous adventures in the navigation documentary world have left me beautiful waves, but very little about people. The movies knew people were watching the waves, so they had to go from wave to wave to wave, maybe a brief second of that person. This movie was the opposite. Peralta created this masterpiece, still giving us the waves, but paying so much attention to the surfers and the immortal question about why they do it every day. What moves through their minds, which pushes them to go further, and the ties that form while they are there on the wild blue river. I felt like watching this movie not only because I knew more about surfing but also about the emotional side of the sport. It was an element not so developed in other films and pushed the Giant Riding to a whole new level. <br /> <br /> In general, this movie was brilliant. I have never seen so much passion, devotion and love wrapped in a solid film from a structural point of view. From start to finish, I was impressed. I would be very happy if this film won Oscar this year for the best documentary and to see a new revival in the surf world and to open more doors for such films. ** of *****
