The movie "Noir" is a huge expression when it comes to the description of the films. Every crime scene seems to be a "noir." But "where the pavement ends" is indeed a good example of the genre. Very briefly, an exaggerated detective (Andrews) accidentally kills a non-bunnik who works for mobsters. The murder is accused by the father (Tom Tully) of a woman who meets with Andrews and falls for (Tierney). To save his father from Old Sparky, Andrews captures the rest of the mafia and returns in. The guilty moral policeman is driven by past impulses. His father was a thief who was killed trying to shoot his way out of prison. But that does not excuse his actions, after he accidentally takes the non-bridegroom into self-defense. He goes straight to the phone to report the incident, but hesitates. He is already in hot water with the department and he might end his career. Then, at the wrong time, the phone rings. Andrews's partner, and Andrews tells him that the suspect I'm following is not home. He hides the body and later removes it by shooting a guard and throwing the body into the river. What motivates a guy to do something so stupid? Good. His job was in jeopardy. But now he has committed several crimes. At least I think they have to be multiple. I considered the obstruction of justice, the assault, the layout of a body without a permit, the sliding, the first mover, and the false witness against his neighbor. Finally, we do not know whether the root for Andrews or not. The suspect does not deserve to die, but it was an accident, because Andrews did not know he was a hero of war and "he had a silver plate in his head." Maybe that ambiguity did what was noir, among other things, like characteristic enlightenment. If noir involved anything but black and white, murder, murder, mystery and suspicious women, then we should include all of Charlie Chan's films under this heading. Andrews is pretty good. It's a kind of Mark MacPherson (from "Laura") that has become bitter. He never laughs and smiles seldom, even when sitting in a table at Gene Tierney, a situation that could cause smiles to many men. He has no sense of humor. A few witches I've made are down. When he pushes a stool into a taxi and the stool says, "Attention, I almost hit my head," Andrews's answer is, "It's okay, the taxi is assured." Andrews may seem like a kind of wood at times, but this is a role that requires stubborn determination and humor and takes care of it well. His subtlety is perfect for that part. Small whistles or blinks project their thoughts and emotional states. And I think the director, Otto Preminger, stopped him from saying a bullet like "BOO-let" and police as "poe-lice." I could never think of Gene Tierney. She does well in the role of Tom Tully's daughter, a model, but it's just like Marilyn Monroe in that you can not separate the manners of the real personality traits. Did Tirney actually have such an innocent person, close to holiness? When did she answer her phone at home, her voice has the same quality she has on the screen? Poor Tierney has gone through some bad psychiatric things before there are effective drugs for bipolar disorder. And Andrews, a great guy, though he seems to have been, got into alcohol before he eventually recovers and makes public service announcements. Peter Muller's DVD is awesome, informed and sometimes funny. /> <br /> However, this is a good movie, as well as a good example of a noir movie. Good guys are not all good, though bad guys are bad. Perhaps this ambiguity is what makes her an adult image instead of a popcorn movie. For children, one shot is burned on the screen and no one's head explodes. Sorry.
