A Turkish bathing sequence in a noir movie located in New York in the 1950s, which must be a clue to something! Something curious in all previous comments, no one has pointed out, but it seems to me essential to understanding this movie Turkish Baths: a night-back, the entrance to a disordered sauna, and Scalise wrapped in a sheet, making his thighs massaged. Steve, the masseur is a tough young boxer (Beefcake!) And another guy, a bodyguard? finish dressing. Dixon obviously hates what he sees there and gets brutal right away. We know he has a reputation for hurting the suspects. A good, but easy to escape policeman. Why does he hate so much? <br /> <br /> It might be that he hates himself. This part of him he inherited from his father? The dark side that could lead him to the end of the pavement in the trough? What if the dark side was hidden in a "closet"? Remember: Whenever Dixon meets Scalise (3 times), the guy lies on a bed and has only men around for the company (the irony of the "Girls" poster fixed to the wall near the bed!). Scalise acts amusingly: the affected manners, overturning the arrogant, defiant neck, pushing the inhaler (poppers?) Into the nostrils every time he talks to Dixon. Dixon, with a vengeance, bends to catch Scalise, who does not seem to understand: "I've never seen a man so hateful as you, I think it's almost as humorous as you only came after me". as if I were someone special! Why? "Because Scalise is indeed a special person: he is the direct heir of Dixon's father:" Your father liked me, "" Your father has put me in my office. "Dark and totally, he prefers the company of men Dixon knows well: "Who killed him (Paine)? You or one of your playmates? "Playmates" See how Dixon manages Scalise every time they meet: he takes his letter card out of his jacket, hugs his face, strikes him, scrawls: "I warn you not to touch me!" Dixon's homosexuality is obvious or may be different : his unexpressed homosexuality Dixon, Dixon's child, is the son of a thief, in response to this, he decided to become a cop, a good one, but there is something wrong with him, a dark part: he is a violent furnace, , a liar. In addition, he is not married, brings "a blond blonde" to his known food venue from time to time, but nothing else. The waitress thing says she does not know how to make love with a woman. Dixon has a deep sense of guilt and is hated for these reasons. A hood and a mobster like the old man. Blood will say. "Finally, to get the redemption, Dixon decides to sacrifice: if he changes his shield, Scalise will release him from guilt and release the girl and her father. <br /> The end of the movie brings us back to the sequence opening: Scalise is pushed into the trough and Dixon deserves the right to go on the sidewalk and win the lady's love. <br /> The unspoken theme of the movie might be very good for a man who, to cover his repressed feelings, wants to experience the love of a woman (Jean Douchet) much for the commentary of Jean Douchet's film on the French DVD edited by CarlottaI
