"Where the Pavement ends (1950)" opens up properly with the names of Dana Andrews and Gene Tierneys on the pavement, as dirty water flows between the bars of a sewer grid. Walking the sidewalk is respectability, integrity and morality? Only criminals and delinquents walk in the trough. But even the most honorable of men tend to accidentally lose occasionally and when the sidewalk ends suddenly, it sometimes turns out to be impossible to avoid shoe closures. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in the gutter, his father, a professional criminal, and spent his entire life scaring his way back onto the pavement, perpetually balanced on the edge of the curb. As a police detective, Dixon only wants to display the decency and integrity that his father lacked, but he possesses a trickle he can not escape. When his temper quickly leaves a murder suspect to die, Dixon wakes up to become the father he despises, a cheating killer who has cheated and lies to cover up his crime. "Where the Sidewalk Ends" was the only film that brought together Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and director Otto Preminger after "Laura (1944)", although the two films, in terms of noir, could not be separated . While the previous picture has the strong intimacy of a crime story, this film is more conventional as an urban police drama. Given her remarkably remarkable performance like Laura Hunt, it is regrettable that Tierney is quite inadequately used here, taking the typical niche of romantic interest, quite helpless (just like that year in The Night and the City 1950) "by Jules Dassin)}. Andrews, on the other hand, was rarely better, exposing an uneasy hardness and anger that I did not expect from him. Gary Merrill is usually smug like the head of the Scalise crime, but he does not seem to be big enough for the role, and I think an actor like Richard Conte (who played Mr. Brown in "The Big Combo (1955)") I did not realize this, but Conte appeared a year earlier in Premier's "Whirlpool" (1949). "Tension, while Dixon tries to cover his accidental crime, is absolutely riveted, surely among the most suspenseful sequences of his era, though I feel that the situation has not yet been exploited to its full potential." The taxi driver is the only person who could have decisively identified Dixon as a perpetrator, but Preminger hastily escapes when Dixon walks down the stairs If the witness was brought while Dixon re-established his own moves outside the entrance to the apartment , could we have some authentic fireworks, and why was it not possible for the taxi driver's testimony to immediately release Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) of the suspicion of murder? they highlight another excellent script from Ben Hecht, which infuses his criminal criminal meditation with wise police and wise criminals. and implosive, he applied the law, tormented by rage and remorse, rarely was done better, at least equal to Robert Ryan in Nicholas Ray's "Pe Dangerous Ground" (1952).
