New York Police detective Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a guy who has to deal with his own demons every day, at the same time as he struggles with the normal descent of everyday life. The strain caused by its internal struggle and deliberate hatred towards the criminals causes them to make serious errors of judgment and does not recognize the need for any code of conduct to be respected in its relations with the people from the wrong side of the law. He has a history of treating suspects and criminals known brutally brutal, which has led him to conflict with senior officers who have censured him for the amount of violence he has used regularly. Dixon can not reconcile these detention calls with his extreme and irrational hatred towards all criminals. He is tormented by the fact that his father was a killer and has remained with a strong need to live up to his father's reputation and to avoid meeting the low expectations that many people have had. <br /> <br /> When a wealthy Texan is killed by gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill) gangster night, Dixon is assigned to the case. Scalise tells Dixon's superior officer, Detective Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden), that the victim had been accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney), and that Paine had committed the murder. Dixon goes to Paine's apartment and questions the suspect, who is both inebriated and uncooperative, and when Paine hits him, Dixon takes revenge and Paine collapses and dies. Dixon continues to eliminate the body in a nearby river. Paine's wife is questioned, and after describing what had happened at Scalise's place, she added that her father had gone to Paine's apartment later that night to question her returning home with bruises facial. Paine had previously attacked her several times, and her father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), threatened that if it had happened again, she would beat Paine. This information leads to the fact that Taylor was arrested and charged with murder. No one accepts Dixon's explanation that Scalise killed the Texan and then killed Paine to eliminate him as a witness. Dixon continues to make various attempts to condemn Scalise, but ultimately realizes that the only way to successfully accomplish his goal is to write a testimony of his role in Paine's death and its coverage. He does this and also records that he's going alone to confront Scalise, so the police will arrest the gangster for killing Dixon. The confrontation with Scalise and the possible means by which Dixon gets his own redemption, offers a tense and fitting conclusion to this rough thriller. Dense and troubled expressions of Dana Andrews convey the perpetually troubled character of his character and anxiety while dealing with a series of misfortunes including and following Paine's accidental death. Dixon, however, is not the only one who faces misfortune like Morgan, a successful model loses her job due to all the problems surrounding her. Her father, who was granted a diploma for assisting the police for several years, is found guilty of a crime he has not committed. Ken Paine, who had been a hero of war, had unemployment and a loss of self-esteem that led to alcoholism and beatings, and Scalise, who was set up in business by Dixon's father, also suffered his misfortunes . /> "Where the Pavement ends" is an interesting story involving a group of interesting and diverse characters and a protagonist who is the absolute personification of moral ambiguity.
