The charm of Otto Preminger's grandiose, visionary film is that he has ambiguous intentions, betraying the bleak essence of the central character, who is still upset to live in the shadow of his murdering father. Dana Andrews, the leaded and avenging policeman, is portrayed as an outsider, irrational and destructive, who can change because she has found a good woman to care for her. The troubled man recovers with his impression of reputation. The brilliance constantly held in the second half of the story by screenwriter Ben Hecht reverberates into Andrews's tense performance, while Preminger saturates the film into a relevant prozaic substance of style. We do not see or listen to the city at night; we feel it because Preminger allows us to see and hear even the most remote and distant factors. Dana Andrews provides a complex character, revealed through the streaks of violence and hatred that always infects them. As the plot develops, he is secretly deceived in situational pitfalls, but is renewed by the outer acts that can be seen in the visceral facial expressions of the noir protagonist of vintage noir before executing them. the specific phase in the development of the genre is a crowded, feral and shadowy film noir that is in the double climate of the underworld, where the hero is so alienated that he always swells with rage and even loses his rational resistance, occupational principle and ethical limits , he is still a good policeman. Preminger looks at the story of a drama of social consciousness about a corrupt community in the panoramic city, rather keeping the thriller on Andrews's shoulders as an existential journey of personal ramifications about a man with an oedipal fixation that becomes disconnected, the law on its side, and an endless perception of right and wrong. Production companies in the early 1950s have highlighted the social problem problem and have made rather "low budget, low-risk trillists", such as this, apparently in an attempt to evade the conspiracies of conservative criticism and social aggressors. But there is an expressionist problem with Preminger's unimaginable approach. He injects every scene with a sense of daily drama as a background for the plot. Each supporting character has to draw its own weight by doing something interesting, but none of them are cartoon or depressive comic relief. For him, every character thinks he is the star, as is stated directly from Karl Malden's self-assertion as a mission police inspector and a veteran waitress at a lunch table. Those who are the stars - Andrews and Gene Tierney, both injured by their unnecessary attempts to subdue their emotional intensity - who do not want to be.
