Otto Preminger, realizing a cycle of noir at Twentieth Century Fox, reunited his findings "Laura" for this dramatic dramatic detective. Dana Andrews again presents a policeman, but this time he was strengthened, cynical and accused of police brutality by his superior - "You do not hate traps, you liked to beat them!" Mark Dixon (Andrews) despises criminals because his father was a crook. He does not want to be "Sandy Dixon's child," so he became a cop, but his methods are tough and ugly. One night, investigating a murder, he unknowingly gives a suspect, Ken Paine Craig Stevens), so hard he kills him. A shocked Dixon does everything he can to cover him, intending to fit a nasty bully, Scalise (Gary Merrill) for murder. However, Paine's father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), whose daughter, model house store Morgan Taylor (Tierney) is alienated by her husband, continues to be attracted to her gambling schemes . Paine slapped his wife, angry her father who showed up at his apartment, but not after Dixon left with his body. Without better suspects, Jiggs is arrested and charged. Marked up, Mark falls for Morgan and gives money to a lawyer. He decides to take Scalise anyway, but leaves a letter to be given to the department in case of death, confessing everything. Finally, he can not live with the knowledge of what he has done and allows the letter to be read by the superior and Morgan. Despite all the tragic circumstances, Morgan confesses his love for Mark and will wait for him. It was great to find this movie on DVD after so many years of obscure television. Eddie Mueller, a historian of the film noir, offers comments and does a good job, but finds his statement that the audience did not get the significance of casting the two leaders because "Laura" was made six years earlier. In this sense, he is wrong because he appeared in the Iron Curtain two years before WTSE and the movie was a box office success. Andrews and Tierney were fabulous together, and Ruth Donnelly is an extraordinary comic amusement as the owner of the Martha restaurant who hunted the flames between the detective and the ladies. The night cities of the city give the film a threat air. Gary Merrill is great as Scalise, who had a criminal past with Dixon's father ("Your father liked me," Mark beats him). Karl Malden and a young Neville Brand are also wonderful. And Tom Tully is just touching and funny that Morgan has improperly accused pop. A filmed noir movie with a fantastic cast.
