Where the sidewalk ends (1950) <br /> <br /> If one ends, another starts <br /> <br /> This is a prototype noir film and as such, in terms of both style and content. The shooting and night settings are the first rate (the Joseph LaShelle cinema leaves the drama dragon in the scene after the scene), and the close-up photos on purely pure expressions. I can watch this movie just for visuals, even when the actors are fighting and the plot is moving. <br /> <br /> But action is the first rate here, and the plot presents what I consider the core of most of the noir films, the leadership of the foreign masculine (representing many men returning home to a changed country after the war and feeling lost). In fact, not only is Dana Andrews really convinced that the troubled, lonely detective has a small, but important man in the movie, the woman's main husband (the first), an ex-GI decorated in heavy times and drink. The fact that man kills the other may have a monumental significance, in general - the ordinary type who struggles through his inner problems to success, while the soldier bearing the medal enters an accidental death with a silver plate in his head. The woman goes from one to the other - suppose they get married and have children as suggested earlier in the movie. Even if this pushes an interpretation after him, we can still see the path of a man with some psychological luggage that goes through a crisis to the highest degree of moral order - turning into a small crime only at the point he really got that. This movie belongs to Andrews. He plays a much narrower and more moving guy than Kirk Douglas plays in a similar role in the history of William Wyler's detective just a year later, and Andrews is certainly less theatrical. You can easily see both movies next to each other for a manual comparison and a contrast session. The fact that Andrews as Detective Dixon is moral in all this, and Douglas as Detective McLeod is not, could explain why a man does his daughter and the other does not. Gene Tierney pulls out a very fond, long-lasting, and finally conventional and "cute" woman - not just a wanted card, but someone Dixon wants to marry. <br /> <br /> The criminal plot is indeed secondary to the main drama, but it is quite effective in its play with types and clichés. Bit parts are kept fast, small details (such as portable craps table) touch handsome, away from character actors or the glamor of gambling in Casablanca. But then, Curtiz's wonderful movie is iconic even in detail - it makes no effort to be subtle, real and penetrating, but instead is great and memorable and inspired. They come to the opposite ends of the war and are opposing possibilities for their leaders. Bogart began his duty, Dixon, and the man Dixon killed. Through, well, but not washed. It's not an accident that many, perhaps most, film noir have what you would call "happy" endings. Man conquers his adversaries and turns his inner self, and someone, then and now, understands how beautiful he must feel.
