I'm a big fan of noir movie fans, and this Otto Preminger movie is easily one of the best I've ever seen! Preminger gathered two of her stars from the hit "Laura" - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, for a completely different movie. Laura relied on love, and this film is based on hatred; while pursuing police detective Mark Dixon, an oven that is already undergoing an examination from his superiors for his hard-working tactics, accidentally kills a suspect and tries to murder a known killer; a man named Tommy Scalisi. The plot is working brilliantly, and Preminger perfectly balances some plot points; but everything comes back to the main moral implications that surround our main character. The fact that the film is in the underground criminal means that the terrain has a great base to work and that director Otto Preminger carefully captures the weakest part of life, presenting the main characters of the gambling, beating one another (and their women ), filming and many more - and this also helps to compensate the previous Laura movie, which has been greatly established in the upper class society. Mark Dixon's role gives Dana Andrews one of the most interesting parts of his career. Here we have a hard-to-reach character that he is so cold - but the fact that we can understand his reasons gives him a simple sympathy and allows the audience to connect to his situation. Character development is well-planned and as we follow this character and his motivations throughout the movie; everything makes sense to the end. His co-star is beautiful Gene Tierney, who does not have much to do in this movie as in Laura; a movie that turned Tierney to his feet. She does well with what she has and yet, and the duo chemistry is excellent and Tierney helps to complete each scene. I can not say that this is a better film than the previous Laura; is a difficult act to follow, but this film definitely falls into the noir formula better than Preminger's previous film. The film also makes a good comparison piece for Laura; that almost everything in this film is opposite to the 1944 film, yet it is very strangely familiar. Highly recommended to everyone!
