At first glance, it seems natural to compare where the sidewalk with Laura ends. Both have noiristic qualities, both being directed by Otto Preminger and both star Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney. But most comparisons are over. Laura dealt with holy, sophisticated people with means that happen to be mixed in a murder. If Endwalks is set in completely different layers. These are people with only two nickels who are rubbing together, who are more accustomed to seeing the underbelly of society than to participate in dress parties. Where the sidewalk ends is a film full of desperate people who solve their problems with their fists or other weapon. The small caps are a dozen dozen, and the cops have usually defeated the confessions of the kidnappers. While I have not seen his entire body of work, based on what I have seen, Dana Andrews gives one of his best performances to the deposed cop, Det. Sgt. Mark Dixon. He is the kind of policeman who is accustomed to handing out local papers if he receives information or a confession. One night he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. He strives to cover him. But things get complicated when he falls for the dead wife of Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father becomes the number one suspect in the murder case. As Morgan's father means the world for her, Dixon has to do everything in his power to erase the old man without getting involved with himself. From a technical point of view, if Endwalks is remarkable. In addition to the extraordinary performance of Andrews, the film always presents Tierney delightfully. It has a quality that can make even the darkest moments look brighter. The rest of the cast is as solid as Tom Tully, while the wrong accused father is indeed a point of view. Beyond acting, direction, sets, lighting and cinema are of prime importance. Generally, it's an amazingly well-done film. If I have a complaint (and, of course, it's a very, very small question), Tierney is almost too perfect for her role and her surroundings. It's a little hard to believe that a woman like this might be mixed with some of these foolish characters. It's not her fault, just the way Tierney meets. It looks a bit too beautiful, polished and delicate for that part. But her soft, good and entrusted nature adds a sense of realism to her portrait.
