When the pavement ends, Otto Preminger brings together Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney, certainly hoping to regain Laura's magic. But they are very different films, placed in different layers of New York (not to mention the opposite poles in the noir universe). A fine Gothic mist rises over Laura Manhattan, with her erotic obsession and smell of necrophilia; If Endwalks is pure urban dust and gravel befouling a city of basement apartments, steam rooms and parking garages. But it is as well a film as his cherished prize, and painted in (in fact, Laura, one of the 1944 films, which the French first called "noir", was still a sophisticated murder mystery). The light of day is only a very temporary suffering, and the director of photography Joseph LaShelle takes full advantage of precious alleys and precious stones, docks and him. This is the major major city - especially Big Apple - noir, just like a few other artists from the 1950s harvest, such as Side Street and Sleeping City and The Stuffed Tattooed and Edge of Doom. , police detective Dana Andrews is on the rug for his brutal ways, especially his vendetta to the crime boss, Gary Merrill (we learn, was set up in business by Andrews' father-ne-well-father ). When an out-of-towner is stabbed to death in a floating carp game operated by Merrill, Andrews hair trigger aspires a witness, causing him a fatal crack in the skull (exacerbated by a steel plate installed in the veteran's head ). Realizing that his job is already on the line, Andrews escapes the body into the river after he showed that the suspect took a powder. Of course, this is far from over. The body is discovered, his thirsty wife turns out to be Tierney, and all the evidence begins to turn to his father (Tom Tully), a hacker driver who not only drove the same streets during the night of the crime but has good reasons to wish death abusive son-in-law. But, the only personalized person, Andrews finds in Tierney a call to his better nature; he tries to exonerate his father, while keeping his own involvement in the whole sordid business a secret .... It's not as epigrammatic as Laura, the scenario for where the pavement ends (by Ben Hecht) shows a pungent his own (in a second dressing, the superior tells Andrews, "Look at you - they all beat like a barrelhouse cellar"). But while Laura expanded his attention to half a dozen characters, Andrews here is the only fire (even Tierney's role is far less central than Laura, the spectral half). And Andrews could never have excelled his performance here. He is tight and taciturn, but never more eloquent than when his face undoubtedly registers the pain he suffers. He is a sufferer who can only be found through the safety valve of violence (he even struggles against his loyal partner, Bert Freed). To be sure, he finds a way too fast for redemption through his handsome co-star agency. But this was the style of the times, and an end of sweetening does not do much to undermine this New York story of violence, corruption and urban entanglement.
