We are far from LAURA. Once again, Otto Preminger leads, Dana Andrews plays the role of a police detective named Mark, and Gene Tierney is the beautiful woman who haunts him, but nothing else about WHERE DOES SIDEWALK resemble the most favorite mystery of sophisticated crimes. Instead of a delicate dialogue, we can get a rough reality. While the previous movie took place in New York's upper echelon, here we are in the low-rent neighborhood, dark streets, boys, cheap restaurants and creepy apartments. Tierney, gorgeous as ever, now works as a shopkeeper's mannequin and lives in Washington Heights (the neighborhood of the "dolls" who received a fox fur from Mark McPherson of LAURA). This time, Andrews is Mark Dixon, an older, sad, and troubled version of the cold policeman in a train coat. <br /> <br /> If the SIDEWALK FUND belongs to a sub-genre of noir, movies about police brutality focusing on policemen who can not control their violent impulses. Like Kirk Douglas's character in DETECTIVE STORY, Dixon owes his terrible contempt for criminals in his father's past. If Douglas is self-righteous and blind to his own mistakes, Andrews is burdened with repressed guilt and self-repudiation. He accidentally kills a suspect and covers his actions with an attempt to cast suspicion on a thin gangster (Gary Merrill) he has been pursuing for many years. Instead, a taxi driver is suspected, because he is Morgan's (Gene Tierney) father, dead and ill-treated. Dixon, in love with the wife of the man he murdered, desperately tries to save his father without going away. <br /> <br /> Among the noir protagonists, Dana Andrews had this distinction: he was incapable of appearing unintelligently. Even when playing a Joe environment, as he used to, he always meets unusually sensitive and perceptual; moreover, his air of being too caring for his comfort gives him the haunted - and haunted - quality that was his essence as an actor. He played regular boys, cops and soldiers, but always with a tragic underground to see and know too much. His conscious heroes are marked by exhaustion, guilt, inability to "ease". No other actor could have expressed so well the bottled anger, the pain that burned slowly, the agonized intelligence of Mark Dixon. He also has a weak sensitivity, a mellow heat and even a humorful humor that makes him tear. That's what happens when he takes Morgan to a restaurant where he's regular, and for the first time we see an evil and brutal man who trades insult to the waitress with the waitress, whose sarcasm does not hide his affection and concern. When Dixon asks his partner to get money to get a lawyer for Morgan's father, he provides it, even if they have backed up recently, and Dixon shot him a shot. There is no word of loyalty, or knowing he is a good guy, but we see everything in the man's silent silence and in his wife's resignation, while displaying jewels on the pawn. Dixon's goodness is found by the reactions of others to him, as well as by Andrews's profound performance. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrews was a minor star, he could be Chinese man forty. He goes through some films that never get his coats; with that mid-century boxlike silhouette, further fortified by the fedora, the bourbon cup, the cigarette that does not pull out of her mouth when she speaks, seems to be locked in the male ideal of hardness and impassiveness. While many notes romanticize the tough guy twice, WHERE WITHOUT THE WORLD OF THE WORLD offers an unshakable portrait of the reality behind the facade, an exciting and melancholy exploration of the roots and consequences of violence. Andrews was sad (he was the only one of the three protagonists in the best years of life who was not nominated for the Oscar, although his low performance is far more convincing than that of Frederic March, beat, beat by Oscar) . Fortunately, Andrews appeared in some of the films that secured his immortality and now, finally, this little-known, best-performing film can be seen as part of the wonderful Fox Film Noir set. This series, including a number of titles released so far (such as NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'HIGHWAY), suggests Twentieth-Century-Fox could have had the best records of all major studios when it came to the noir movie.
