As a young teenager at the time, Airwolf was mandatory for a generation that wanted "cowboys and Indians" to have amazing gadgets and whiz-bang explosions. In many ways, the show was basically Knight Rider in Heaven: a comic book-like technology, a central character that was essentially one and the same concept of a man who made a difference. But in other important ways, it was the themes very different from Knight Rider, Street Hawk, The A-Team and other time performances. First of all, the premise of the series is not based on the desire to help the needy, but on Airwolf's possession by Stringfellow Hawke for essentially selfish reasons (as a lever to find his brother MIA, St. John). Then there is the dark edge offered by the firm set-up of the series in a context of the Cold War in the 1980s, complete with Soviet espionage and dictators in Central America, not to mention the enemy inside. Of course, the team constantly referred to Vietnam and the team's fugitive status, but it was generally done with a slight touch and rarely was central to the plot itself. With Airwolf, the intrigue was the key to the tone and direction of the show - though this was (inadequately) diluted as the series continued. With a retrospect, the Cold War setting dates out the series clearly, many of the stories are bleak and contrived, and much of what Airwolf does is clearly implausible even with today's technology. But that's not true. Airwolf was fun, he tried to tell interesting stories without relying only on the great action sequences and did not cover everything with sugar, miraculously assuring that no one died. Sometimes it failed, but it has often been admirable - and a TV budget to boot. For UK readers, DMAX (Sky Channel 155) has just begun (Jan 2008) daily Airwolf re-runs. Set your Sky + box for this past explosion - we could even get our fourth re-cast, re-cast (and unfortunately extremely inferior) season, which, in my opinion, was not previously presented in the Sea Kingdom.
