George Cukor directs this high-quality story of suspense in the theatrical world with his usual but firm touch. Ronald Colman's performance, which has earned him an Oscar, rises in spite of overwhelming moments? it is hard to forget his haunted face, as he strains nuggets around social functions and tries to find meaning in his life. There are a number of interesting subtexts, and Cukor does a great job of clarifying them without force too much. The script of Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is brilliant, mixing the rare theatrical world with the street world and using comprehensively the elements of Shakespeare's "King Lear", referring both to the main theme of jealousy and to the obsession of Colman's character with his identity. <br /> <br /> More exciting things about this movie? superficially, it could be dismissed as a too flippable treatment for treating the daily problems of the actors. In other words, if the art of acting requires a complete sublimation of individuality, we will soon have an eruption of psycho-methodic actors crossing the streets. But I do not really believe that the main concern of this story is to act or the work / art of acting per se. I think Anthony's fights are a wider existential question, a profoundly buried uncertainty about identity. There is a key, I feel, in his relationship with ex-wife Britta (Signe Hasso). He says he would not or could have become a good actor without her inspiration. And at another point he explicitly states that his extreme identification with his roles began when he married her. I'm not sure what to do about it, but it seems important to me, especially because it's his obsession and jealousy that finally pushes him. Perhaps the implication is that Anthony was in danger, first and foremost, entering into a serious relationship. Marriage involves a "union of the soul" in the traditional conception. It is unusual for male and female protagonists to be divorced at the beginning of the film. It's not entirely unprecedented (Hawks's comedy, "Girl of Friday", she asks, among other things), but it is unusual and probably significant, especially in light of the fact that they do not manage to solve their romantic separation. In a way, the film could mean that jealousy is another form of self-love.
