**** SPOILER ALERT **** In the whole of Australia, the summer turned into a flood of rainfall and hail the size of base balls causing chaos in coastal cities like Sydney. It is under these conditions that tax lawyer David Burton, Richard Chamberlain, was involved in a case as a defense lawyer, involving the death of a local aboriginal who was found dead in front of a Sydney bar. <br /> <br /> With five aboriginal rulers arrested for Billy Cormans, Athol Compton, death is determined by the police officer that Billy died of drowning not by violence, even if he had bruises on his neck and shoulders. However, the court decided to charge the five for his death, accusing them of homicide instead of killing. David defend the five does not receive any help from them in defending them, and the attackers accuse opt to stay enough and keep what happened to Billy and took her out of the yard. One of the defendants, Chris, David Gulpili, starts to invade David's dreams somehow as if he wanted to tell him what really is after Billy's death. David at first does not take his dreams of Chris seriously begins to feel that their reality when he meets him in court. Chris confirms David's dreams, showing him a black rock look that David saw Chris in his dreams. Chris's next encounter and what turns out to be an aboriginal shaman, Charlie (Nandjiwarna Amagula), who came to his house that evening, David tells him that he, like Charlie, has spiritual powers that he has inherited from his mother's grandfather. These powers will reveal the future related to the strange meteorological conditions that flood the Australian continent. Earth, Chris tells David, goes through a gigantic cleaning cycle, with the old world to be washed and the new world ready to take its place. David is confused about both Chris and Charlie, but as the rains continue to rise and the ocean waves start to grow, he feels something terrible will happen. David wants to know whether it is a native folklore or whether there are some scientific or logical facts behind the end of their world-like revelations. So far it is clear that both Chris and Charlie are members of an aboriginal tribe right in the heart of modern Sydney. Only this can get Chris, as well as his four friends, for killing Billy. Since the Australian government will not prosecute the accusations of tribal aborigines, letting any justice be done by the tribes themselves. However, Chris refuses to admit that he is a member of a native tribe, and he and his four friends are condemned for murder in Billy's death, with sentences to be handed down by the judge in a few days. find out what the reason for Chris's silence and why Billy had to die is taken by Chris to the crime scene. Here David discovers that Billy betrayed members of Chris's tribe going there, and Billy was not a member of Chris's aboriginal tribe. David was also shown to have a spiritual connection with Austrailan aborigines, as Charlie and his stepfather, Rev. Burton, David Parslow. The scene is now set for the wonderful and ultimate cleaning cycle that David has seen in both his night dreams and daytime visions. It comes in the form of a massive wave that rolls out of the Pacific Ocean into Sydney's coastal city of Sydney and then sinks the entire continent.
