Ronald Colman plays a famous Broadway actor who has begun to lose his mind and his sense of identity. After years of playing a wide range of pieces, he no longer remembers who is exactly - what are his roles and who is the self. And, much worse, begins to see and hear his play even in everyday life. So, since he currently plays in "Othello," he starts to act jealously and suspiciously - just like the titular character. Ultimately, it leads him to the depth of madness and crime. I saw this movie years ago and I liked it. I just saw it again and I loved it. Now maybe some of my enthusiasm is because I always liked Ronald Colman and this is a great triumph for him - and for which he won the Best Actor Oscar. And, looking at that year's contest (Gregory Peck for GENTLEMAN AGENT, John Garfield for CORP and SOUL, William Powell for LIFE WITH TATHER and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING IS ELECTRA), I think Colman was a very good choice, the area the usual comfort and made a much more demanding role. Now I noticed that a commentator hates this movie because he hated Shakespeare - and that took about half of their review talking about their contempt for him. Still, this film has nothing to do with Shakespeare, and it does not matter if you do not like Shakespeare. I'm not a big fan of Shakespeare, but I've been delighted with the small parts of the play that Colman has renewed - though, as I said, it's not a true Shakespeare movie. Instead, it is a wonderful portrait of an actor who loses his mind and mixes his role as a reality with reality. It could have been anything, but "Othello" was an excellent choice due to the crime scene - which later became active in the film. Generally, a very smart movie due to a wonderful script - with some nuances of Film Noir. Fortunately, the act was terrible, too, because Colman had excellent support from Signe Hasso, Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien (who was especially good - just played his role). And, considering the great director George Cukor, it's no surprise that it's a great movie from beginning to end.
