I like Ronald Colman, who haunts me and tortures me, the one you see in films like If I were King and Kismet. I like a symbol of civilization, as in The Horrizon Lost and Random Harvest. A Colman is not my favorite. But in A Double Life just because his role as actor Anthony John is so offbeat for him, Colman was recognized with the best Oscar actor for 1947. It has become his most famous part. Colman is an actor who really takes the Method pretty seriously. She just finished a successful concert in a mannequin comedy and is quite jovial. For a change in pace, now that the track has finished the Broadway race, Colman brings Othello's revival to New York. About as part of the part you can get. His leading lady in both is his ex-wife, Signe Hasso, who loves him dearly but can not take change when he is at work. Colman loves them so much and wants them back. But he is heading for a mental disorder when he begins to confuse the jealous Moor Othello and Hasso with his role as Desdemona. Sadly, Shelley Winters as a poor waitress that a depressed Colman gets in the way of his madness and she ends up as poor Desdemona in the game. Killing in the same way and now is a matter of homicide cop Joe Sawyer. Colman's performance is so good that somebody does a kind of wonder is this an occupational hazard to the actors? I would have trembled to believe there were unresolved homicides in or around Laurence Olivier and Orson Welles, then they wrote Othello. <br /> <br /> I could not buy the story for this reason, but I'm sure I applaud Ronald Colman and what he did with the side. I'm sure there was a sad regret in winning Oscar, though one of the other nominees was his good friend William Powell for his father's life. Others in that year were Gregory Peck for Gentlemen's Agreement, John Garfield for Body and Soul, and Michael Redgrave for Mourning Becomes Electra. Colman gets support from the rest of the cast, including Edmond O 'Brien, who is in Cassio's unwanted part in Colman's jealous fantasy. However, you will not find any Iago equivalent in "A Double Life," no one invites jealousy, it's all in his mind. And that's one of the most cultivated and civilized minds of the last century.
