DOUBLE LIFE has developed a mystique among movie fans for two reasons: the plot idea of ​​an actor who has become so dressed in a role (here Othello) to pick up the great defect of that character and put him alive; and that this is the movie that won the Ronald Colman Oscar Award (as well as the Golden Globe) as the best actor. Let's take the second point. <br /> <br /> Is Anthony John Colman's greatest role, or even his signature role? I have doubts on both levels - but it is among its most famous roles. Most of his career, Ronald Colman played decent, often in dangerous or atypical situations. He is Bulldog Drummond (cleansed in Goldwyn's production not to be an arrogant racist) fighting the crime. He is Raffles, the great cricket player and a bigger killer, trying to get his best burglary to save a friend's honor. He is Robert Conway, the great imperial political character, who is kidnapped and brought to that paradise on earth, Shangri-La. He is Dick Heldar, going with death to death after he finds out that his masterpiece has been destroyed and knowing he is now blind and useless as an artist. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list. But here is not heroic. In fact, he is unconsciously a villain - he kills a person and almost kills two others. It does not matter that he is obviously mentally ill - his behavior here is anti-social. For me Colman would have had to get the Oscar for Heldar, or Carton or Conway - the more typical for his actor roles. But the Academy has a long tradition of choosing atypical roles to treasure its treasure for its members. Colman's Anthony John is a very good performance, and at some point really scary. When she is alone with Signe Hasso in her home, she at the top of a ladder and at her base, have an argument. She asks Tony to leave, saying she will not see him. She looked at her, her strange face strengthened in a way she never used before, and said, "Oh no, you will not do that!" He starts to move up, scary on Hasso, and she enters her room. He stops and leaves. It is actually the true point of reference for his performance - even more than his attack on Hasso on stage or Edmond O'Brien or the murder of Shelley Winters. He showed his blind anger. That was the moment (for me) an Oscar-like show. But it's just that moment. I'm glad he was recognized for the role, but he should have won the prize for more consistent performance. His real performance as Shakespearian Othello is not great but bearable. Too often he lets the dialogue roll down in a kind of singing style (one asks if this is due to Walter Hampden's coaching, who probably knows how to handle the right role or a reaction to it). Nowadays "Othello" is played by an African-American actor more often than a white one. Paul Robeson's brilliant performance in the role of this new tradition. But the three best-known plays of the play are Colman's Orson Welles in OTHELLO's and Laurence Olivier's OTHELLO film. All three white actors played the role in the black. My favorite personal of the three is Welles, which seems the most subtle. But even if I saw the fine version of Welles' movie, I'm upset that Robeson never managed to put his show on stage (with Jose Ferrer as Iago). Now, the first question - maybe an actor who wrapped a role? I heard different things about it. Some actors admit that they took a role at home with them from theater or film. Others have found a role to stimulate, influencing them to a new cause of action in their life or aspect of life. But in fact I have never heard of someone who turned into a homicide as a result of a role. It sounds like a weird melodramatic idea. In fact, it was not a new idea in 1947 with Cukor, Kanin and Gordon. In 1944, a "B", "THE BRIGHTON STRANGLER," with John Loder, used a similar plot about an actor who plays an infamous "Jack the Ripper" and who starts committing that type of killing after an accident affects his mind. There was a movie earlier in the 1930s, when an actor playing Othello became jealous of his wife (I think the title was that men are not gods, but I'm not sure). But because of Colman's name and career and Cukor's director, it's a double life that people think when they remember this idea of ​​plotting. She even got to comedy (eventually) in an episode of CHEERS, where Diane Chambers helped an ex-convict who could have the acting talent and put OTHELLO at the bar right after saw it with Sam Malone kiss. Only Diane is aware of the personality of the former convict and can not delay production enough (tries to start a discussion in the history and symbolism of the play). <br /> <br /> A DOUBLE LIFE distribution was the first rate, and Cukor's direction was as sure as ever. So the movie is worth watching. But despite giving Colman a different interesting role, it was not the best work on the screen.
