Dragon Legend is one of those little known games that people love or hate. Some people claim that it is much too similar to other games, namely the Final Fantasy series - which is understandable because it was initially intended to be Sony's equivalent of Final Fantasy. Frankly, I can not comment on the similarities beyond that because I am not very familiar with FF games. I think my favorite look of the game is the combat system. Not only do you have the ability to turn you into a stronger dragoon, but every time you attack, you have to be careful to end the attack by pressing the buttons at the right time. Not only do your enemies sometimes attack you back in the middle of a sequence, which means you have to press different buttons to avoid damage. Even the use of certain attack elements requires a bit of mixing the button. If you do not want to attack, you can always keep it, which not only cuts any damage done in half but raises points of blow without using potions of healing. FMVs are pretty good-made, of about the same quality as Final Fantasy 8's. However, the graphics during the game is not quite up to this standard. They are nice, but it could have been - and honestly, it should have been - better. Also, the translation leaves something to be desired. Not only does it raise questions about interesting relationships, but there are some grammatical mistakes that simply should not have passed. Another thing I found interesting was that you missed the party's main characters - one dies, and the other becomes useless for the party and leaves. While the death of one of the characters is often said to be pointless, it makes you realize early that the characters, while the heroes, are still as mortal as the others. People who replace lost characters simply earn all their stats, so the game transition is fairly smooth. Perhaps my only complaint about the characters is the interest of the main boyfriend, Shana. She is the symbol of the helpless female who needs a pathetic rescue to the point of leading a player to scream with frustration. While you can use it in your party, she is insanely weak - I do not even know how her dragon's powers are, as I despised so much that I never used it again. The character Rose, on the contrary, is probably the most feminine character in any game ever. It is not a battle, and some of the dragon's magic is extremely useful. Meru is quite strong, while sometimes he is an annoying madman. Character designers were mostly inclined to make feminine characters appear pretty or anything else, and did not give much thought to the actual utility of the equipment. Seriously, no armor and most of the exposed skin is useful when fighting monsters. But I will give them props because they have females who serve as knights in different countries. I can not comment too much on the plot, as I honestly did not pay too much attention to this where I was supposed to go to the next. I'm not sure if this says anything about the plot itself, or about my style of play. <br /> <br /> In total, it is a very enjoyable game. He has his flaws, but for me he just hit the right balance of having thoughts and pushing buttons and killing monsters.
