This two-part mini-TV series is not as good as the 1966 original but is solid. The original has benefited from a very large number of things - it was black and white, had a great jazz score and was filmed in real locations, including the Clutter family home. That was important because in the book and in the original movie the house is very much a character in itself. This remake was filmed in Canada, which thinks it doubles well for Kansas. The story tries to be as sympathetic to Perry as he dares to do it, and Eric Roberts plays him as a somewhat fey person, his homosexuality barely concealed. Roberts does not work anymore, but because it's hard to believe that his version of Perry Smith would eventually explode in a spasm of murder. While taking over Robert Blake on Smith did not leave you without a doubt that Perry Smith was an extremely dangerous character. Anthony Edwards was excellent as Dick Hickcock, bombed, with great mouth and finally coward, the brain of the outfit. His performance compares well with Scott Wilson's role in the original movie. Since this is a longer film, it allows more time for the Clutter family to develop, and in this respect, I think the 1996 film has an edge. Clutters are just a remarkable, decent family. They have never hurt another soul, and it is inexplicable that such a decent family is finally massacred in such a dreadful way. Still, it seems to me that after Clutters were locked in the bathroom, Herb Clutter did not force the window, so at least her kids would have the chance to escape. This movie has the thought of taking it, but too late. From what I read about the true house that is still standing, the way the bathroom is configured could open the drawers counter and would actually barricaded the door that would force the murderers to explode inside. But maybe "you've bought time to get rid of some of the junkies." Why Clutters did not try this, I have no idea. the crime is committed but not too serious But it distracts the attention of viewers like me who have read a lot about the case The actors playing the cops, led by Sam Neill and Leo Rossi, are equally excellent, much better, I think, in the group , than the actors in the original film, and they know that to secure their throats around their throats, they have to make them confess, and the officers come to an impeccably prepared interview They have already discovered the alibi probably the false story of going to Fort Scott and they split Smith and Hickcock into a trap. "Hickcock is a bs artist who thinks he can convince someone of something and the officers respect him respectfully, telling him reputation but when his boom descends, it crashes very quickly. It's very well filmed and actionable, and very nice to look at because the natural viewer should wander Hickcock especially at this point, a cowardly coward who needs Smith gently manipulated to kill for him. It is assumed that Hickcock later stated that the real reason for the crime was not to steal money from Clutters but to rape Nancy Clutter. At least she was exempt from degradation. Players playing Clutters are very good, Kevin Tighe especially Herb Clutter. The story deals with Mrs. Clutter's most emotional problems, the most likely clinical depression, and Mrs. Clutter has remarkable internal power when she strongly and strongly urges the murderers to leave their daughter alone. From what I read Clutters' surviving family was particularly disturbed by the way Bonnie Clutter was portrayed in the book, claiming she was completely untrue. But, as a part, both murderers linked to the police, as he asked Mr. Clutter not to bother his wife because of her long illness. Capote could do that fiction to make Bonnie's character more interesting, but surely the killers had no reason to portray Mrs Clutter in a false and undoubtedly much of the conversation in the book (duplicated in movies) is right in front of the confessions of the killers. So it would have been meaningless for Herb to say that and not be true.
