Like others, I have seen and studied most of the books and films about Clutter Killings, including a few dramatic works based on the actions and psychomotorism of the participants in the crime - including the Capote himself. As for Capote, I can not forgive him because he deliberately refused Perry Smith's confessions, intimacy and writings, even from the defense counselors. I believe Capote's truths and deeds "reserved" for his "book," which impose Capote's two guilty verdicts and capital punishment, would certainly have supported Perry Smith's successful defense even in the old McNaughton Rule. Capote himself could never write a major literary work after "In Cold Blood". Shame and blame. In my opinion, he encouraged and voluntarily planned the brutal capital punishment to provide the spectacular end to the book / drama. For him, both men had to die for the book to succeed. The book had to be justified by the preface that it is the horror of the capital punishment. His actions and silence ensured this conclusion of ice. <br /> <br /> The book of Capote is not true. It is not factual or journalistic. It is drama and melodrama spiced with its own creative psychotic imagination. What most people think of the virtues of the first contemporary film are the stark images of Capote's mind, which could have been the coldest aspect of all. No wonder the audience prefers ironically, but necessarily, Blake's performance. This actor is the nightmare of Capote's dishonest images. So who's going to tell you how to play the two killers? Who will judge what could make a psychotic defeat essentially poetic from courtesy and excessive kindness to kill? I agree with those few who see in Eric Roberts' work a magnificent show, Shakespearean in his range, but he played sincerity unimaginable. Anthony Edwards has a much more "attitude" attitude to create an astonishing Hickok; but it is one-dimensional and boring, with only a few notes in its television range. Roberts is close to four dimensions, adding physical weakness and agony to a strong body of animals, a Frankenstein creature who thinks in poetry and knows exactly what SHOULD NOT do. Like Leopold apropos Loeb, Robert's Perry Smith falls in love hopelessly with a bad man. Without Hickok or a person of his peculiarities, Perry Smith would not have brought his psychotic mind into a world of horrors. He feared more than he was afraid of anything else in life. Given the freedom to join Dead Caps on Clutter's murder consciousness, Roberts and Edwards are free to create original personalities and psychoses to create another and new production of drama. The same facts, some of the same lines in the case file, but deeper, more complex, with very sharp psychotic stresses - indeed, Roberts is so good at this fluid madness that he demonstrates physically and facially at every moment how little conscience he has where or who it is. What many of our reviewers do not like about this film, Roberts in particular, is that cold blood killing is not shown as expected and has been manipulated on demand. That's because here we see a "life and death interpretation" much more profoundly realistic than it could ever create Capotes - a real tragedy. The current cold-blooded murderer, Mr. Capote, and his inappropriate artistic non-fiction novel does not control these interpretations and performances. If "In Cold Blood" and Capote's effect on life, literature, and truth matter as much as scientists, intestines say, and the talent to describe the truth or a version of truth that is not rank, lie cowardly, drawn from the abysses of the Capote's abyss.
