I'm from Sweden and I just saw this movie and the thing is that I thought it was good. I have seen many misconceptions about it, but you have to remember that many people who follow these two-party ministers are located around the world and not just in the US. Also, remember that not everyone has ever heard of the movie made in the 60's and maybe not in the events (crimes). And even more ... it can be hard to find the original movie, and if so, there are always people around him who do not like black and white films. He feels fresh and colorful and finds his audience. 12 years ago, but I just saw it for the first time. I will try to find out first if I can compare them, but I have not seen it anywhere in Sweden. Ofcorse is internet but not for anyone in the world. The thing here is that it is largely part of a history of American crime and it was great in the 50-60s, in the US, but in the rest of the world, just past. Well, it has been said for some time, but 40 years later, the cause caused by Europe will disappear. We had our own problems and crimes, so if someone does the remake of the movie and put it back in a certain light, it's not a bad idea at all. A new generation can take part in this horrible story and even on the Capote movie that was released just a few years ago, the witch was a pretty good film and I believe. It will increase interest in events that occurred 50 years ago and may have stopped falling into sleep. I started and now I'm looking for the Robert Blake version, so it was not so bad ... right? These are my opinions. Some people will, of course, disagree, but hey ... well. Sometimes it will be good with remakes on old movies. Not every time the elders are good. Filming techniques have grown dramatically and scenes can become more realistic if they want to. It's always a matter of money, of course. There were so many films that were made in the "good times," but they lacked money, bad directors, and so on, and are back today (50 years later) and suddenly they are good to look. My friend has received this box of horror-classic old and s / f films and I can not say I was impressed by the so-called good days. Most of you got cold in the trash directly. They were so bad I just stood there like zombies ... I could not move ... like the dead brain. I can not recommend it to anyone. Some of them have seen their remake and I remember they like ... but not the originals. They were just terribly painful. That's the old story about who Bond was best ... Moore or Connery ... I think if you see Roger Moore you can find the one you trust or like. .. Thank you for me and I'm sorry for my English, that's not good. / Lars of Sweden
