I found that this family movie is pleasant and enjoyable, even if I am not a child. It is based on the concept of a high school girl, Susan (Elisha Cuthbert), discovering that her elevator in her upper class building becomes a time machine when a key on the key chain she received from a blind scientist is transformed in the elevator block. Learn how to control the machine (with some uncertainty about daytime). The film is not a serious science fiction. You have to ignore the usual instability paradox associated with the change of the past through the journey in time, that is, the past is changed to prevent the Walker family from 1881 becoming poor, but the change means that the family has never entered financial problems, they told Susan about the financial problems her mother had, which means Susan should not have had a reason to change the past in the first place! But besides that, there are some beautiful passages in the story, such as the old elevator panel, found in the flat of the woman who invented the secret and installed the time machine without having a space for the lock that activates the feature of the time machine . As in many children's stories, we must assume that a child will not share amazing information about a time travel device with a parent or other adult but hides the time traveler. Also, some poorly developed scenes and unsuitable performances by some adult actors. (The actors of the child (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Boni and Matthew Harbor) were very convincing in their parts.) In a 1300s scene, native Americans notice that Susan notices them and shoots them. But she does not see surprises in the sudden appearance of this blonde, white-skinned girl in a strange dress. Their answer is simply to stop what they are doing and calm down to Susan. In the same scene, an Indian mother carries what a child should be, but it is so obvious a doll (her white skin and her head around her). Timothy Busfield, the award-winning actor who became fame in the old "Thirty Something" television, offers somewhat uninteresting, sometimes apparent performance. On the other extreme, Michel Perron is acting as the head of an Italian building, as Richard Jutras does in his role as an old neighbor. (The name of the neighbor is Edward Ormondroyd, who is the name of the author of the novel on which the film is based.) I suspect that these problems may be the fault of either the director or a possible low budget. <br /> <br /> Despite these deficiencies, I recommend the film for children. In addition to the exciting story, it also has educational value in that it shows how much both technology and social norms have changed in just 100 years.
