Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax lawyer residing in Sydney, Australia, who is beaten for murdering five Aborigini men accused of killing a homemind in Peter Weir's "The Last Wave" apocalyptic movie. Returning to the place where Picnic stayed at Hanging Rock, the movie goes deeper into the exploration of the unknown, and in this process shows the gap between two cultures that live side by side but do not understand the culture and traditions of others. Weir shows how white society believes native beliefs are primitive superstitions, and believes that because they live in cities and have been "domesticated," their tribal laws and culture are no longer applicable. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, Burton is drawn deeper and deeper into a strange network of visions and symbols, where the line of real-time and dream time evaporates. Water plays a significant symbolic role in the movie of the opening sequence where a thunder and a hail suddenly interrupts a peaceful holiday at Burton's school, discovering that its canopy is full of rain and that water is pouring its footsteps. As violent and unusual weather continues with episodes of black rain and mud falling from the sky, the contrast between the light scientific explanations of the phenomenon and the intuitive understanding of locals is clarified. Burton and Annie's wife (Olivia Hamnet) study books about aborigines and learn about the role of dreaming in tribal traditions. When he invites someone from his clients, Chris Lee (David Gulpilil) at home, he is bothered to find out that he is the subject of an investigation by Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula), an enigmatic aboriginal wizard, indicted. Burton's investigation continues, his clients make his work difficult, refusing to disclose the true events around the crime. After Chris begins to appear in his dreams, Burton is convinced that Aborigina was killed in a ritual trib because she "saw too much," although Chris refuses to recognize this in court. Burton, increasingly disturbed by a mystery he can not unleash, tells his stepfather father: "Why did not you tell me there were mysteries?" This is a legitimate question, but, according to the Reverend, the Church responds to all mysteries. Burton now knows that he has to discover the truth for him and enter the underground tribal caves. Although we do not know for sure what is real and what is a dream, it faces its deepest fears in a climax that will let you think of meaning in the morning. /> In this period of history, where the native Hopi and Maya prophecies predict the "end of history" and the purification of the man who leads to the fifth world, the last wave, although 25 years old, is still in time. Aborigines are portrayed as a vibrant culture, not one completely subjugated by the white man, yet I am disturbed by the sense of joy we seek, but we do not see it. Weir opened our eyes to the mystery that lies beyond our consensual vision of reality, but he perpetuates the direction of the doom that sees the possibility only in terms of fear, showing nature as a dark and uncontrollable power without a clue of beauty spiritual life that lives on both sides of time.
