John Cassavetes's 1977 movie "Opening Night" is what critics usually call the work of such an important, "overlooked" artist. It's an excellent, self-standing film, and one of the best portraits of a middle-life crisis ever shot on the film. It's not a perfect film because it's about half an hour or so for about two hours and twenty-four hours, and there's too much accent on the drunkard's main character, Myrtle Gordon, played by Gena Rowlands, Cassavetes's wife, a lot after we got the point. But only a masterpiece by Woody Allen, Another Woman, who also starred Rowlands, eleven years later, is a better portrayal of an older woman's internal conflicts. However, Rowlands won the Best Actress Award at the Berlin Film Festival for this portrait and deserved. Often, this film, written by Cassavetes, is easy to compare with his previous and inferior film, "A Woman Under Influence", but it is a false comparison. The character of Rowlands in the movie is severely troubled from the beginning as well as from a blue background, while his characters in this film and in Allen's film are both artists who are haunted by appearances. In this film is the ghost of a young dead woman, who can be seen as a young doppelganger by Myrtle, while in Allen's film is the past of his own character. Many critics have made this film a portrait of an alcoholic, seeing that Myrtle is surrounded by actors, such as a scene manager who tells him during the opening night: "I have seen a lot of drunkards during my time , you have not seen anyone as drunk as you, you could get up. You're great! "But this is wrong, because alcohol is not her problem and her chain does not smoke. They are just hijacking anything that really compels her to destroy her, and much of Cassavetes' credit as a narrator, he never lets us find out exactly what's wrong with Myrtle and, despite having arrived Finally, there is no reason to expect that she really solved something of a consequence. This type of endless resolution connects Cassavetes directly with the most recent European directors, the most daring, who felt comfortable not to reveal everything to an audience and forced spectators to convince, even if it hurts. > However, the film recaptures perfectly the effect of a drunkard or fever that rises from the fog, and as such, the viewer is again sublimely involved in drama. Whether Myrtle Gordon recovers after the film's universe irritates her, it is left to every spectator to decide and, as we have seen before, the leader's closing, the choices are important.
