Watching John Cassavetes' film Opening Night, I was reminded of something about which Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview about her personal experience of being an art creator or acting. He referred to an example of, say, whether he ran over a dog as he went to go into a play that would not be the end of his life but that it would have affected her and that without Doubtless, he should bring that experience with him on stage, even if it was a light comedy. "Otherwise, as he said, what do I do? I could not think of his words when I watched Gena Rowland's character, Myrtle Gordon, who for almost a week went through a very similar scenario. of Cassavetes, of course, because it's about how the theater works around a star actress, what emotion and human nature it means when looking at a character's play and how someone lives when everything has (like Myrtle Gordon) is In the beginning of the movie, after she left a show, Myrtle signs autographs, and such a fan named Nancy comes to her favorite star and pours my heart to Myrtle, a small moment, but it does not last as it should to enter the car (rain and everything). Then she watches in horror how a girl who was sitting right next to the car when she was out was hit by another car in a car accident. you really did what happened, but say the next day that in fact the girl died from the blow. She's been a little amazed since then, even after she thinks she's out of her system. At first, this looks small, such as when she repeats a scene with the other actor (played by Cassavetes) and does not seem to have been hit - she blames her for the lack of depth of the character (the writer, "What do you think the song is Missing? "" Hope, "says Myrtle) - but then Nancy is starting to show it, an appearance like Myrtle is all real until she leaves suddenly. Cassavetes, as in the past movies, is after a quest for what it means to have emotion, to really feel something and to feel it or its lack and how it affects others around the person. This is not a new reason for Rowlands, who previously played a woman on her side in "Woman Under Influence" (in this case because of alcohol), nor would it be an extraterrestrial territory for costaire Ben Gazzara in killing a Chinese book . But actors express everything that is essential to their characters in every scene; Cassavetes does not tell them how to get from A to B in a scene and does not need that. There is a state of mind in a Cassavetes movie that carries the sometimes lucky shooting room. Do you know that Myrtle, for example, should be content in some way, even if it is not with the plot. But she is haunted, and she is unhappy with the lack of depth of her character and the tone of the play ("Aging, who sees it?", Asks the playwright) and begins to affect those around her. <br /> <br /> The question becomes, however, not what is common. A conventional dramist would make the conflict "Will he be able to go on stage, will the show continue?" This is not important for Cassavetes, even if it's there, as is the question, "Will it be okay?" Maybe by going through such a bad game as the "second woman" it could help them discover their personal demons and lose their grip on reality (seeing Sara and attacking them in front of total strangers, who wonders what the hell is going on)? Or the lack of hope of the game will affect everything that is wrong with it? The depths that Rowlands make with her character are intense and disturbing and that it is not expected to be sweeter than the Woman under influence - if anything, it is as good as the movie to be honest about a person in this profession and consequently the other performances are equally true, from Gazarra to Nancy, played by a subtle Laura Johnson. Cassavetes respond to their own high questions are not easy. One of the realities of Opening Night, along with seeing great actors performing an amazing script, is to see Cassavetes take the theater as he does. We see the piece - and it seems to be a real piece - and we know little about what it is about. When we see the actors on the scene interpreting it, we will crack and disappear between being involved in what happens in melodrama (tangles and affairs, and occasional palms and domestic violence) and the improvisation of the actors. I was delighted to see how much improvised, how much Cassavetes allowed the other actors to do in scenes where Myrtle is starting to shake or, in the climax, is completely destroyed. It's also on stage, so it should have been something for them to work in advance and leave what would happen. It's funny, amazing, cool and the edge of your chair, some of the best movie theater scenes ever made in a movie and see the lines between the actor on the stage, the actor on the film, the actor with the actor, fade marvelously. The opening night is a powerful drama full of sincere talk about death and madness, about reality and fiction, where love is between people and finally what does "actor" mean?
