John Cassavetes' "opening night" is fantastic and fascinating; fantastic because it plays with the deepest fears we have inside our imagination, fascinating because we never stop surprise us. With a very long time of two hours and twenty minutes, anyone who appreciates the characters will not be able to take his eyes off the screen. The Story of an Unstable Actress, Myrtle Gordon, (Gena Rowlands) trying to get together for a play, fighting with her demons; "Opening Night" is not just about a woman at the edge of a malfunction but also about the complexity of the theater actors and the theatrical world. All the characters of Cassavetes are experienced people who know about the world of theater; so half of the movie takes place on a stage, where performers perform their work or behind the scenes, where producers, writers and directors do their job. Cassavetes is so harsh with his characters that this discontent is going to the audience, but the public in cinema. Because there is another audience in the movie theater, who does not know what really happens and laughs because they think everything is performance. And that is essentially what it is; only that the audience in the theater does not get to see "backstage" as we do. They do not experience the exuberance of Gena Rowlands before going out this stage, but most importantly; they do not know why they act the way she does. I always thought it would be difficult to be friends with an actor. Myrtle (Rowland) says she is an actress and this is the only thing she knows to do; and I imagine that if I had a friend who was a professional performer, it would be very difficult to tell him when he tells the truth, because I know he's an actor and he can fake anything at all times. Is there a lot of things Myrtle does during the terrible experiences the movie puts on? We suspect it is real; the rest of the suspect characters too. There is a writer, Sarah (Joan Blondell) who can not understand why Myrtle does not understand the character she wrote for her. There is the director, Manny (Ben Gazzara), who can not accept that the best actress might lose her; producer David (Paul Stewart), who does not know where to co-star Myrtle, Maurice (Cassavetes himself), who can not handle the love they have for each other. confess the death of a teenager, a fan; all of this comes together and affects Myrtle, but nobody knows if her illusions are real. They say nothing because they do not want to suppress it, but the film enters a state of subconsciousness that only Myrtle accepts. Sometimes, we can say that everyone had it. In these moments, Cassavetes' shining script describes a terrible brutal honesty in the words the characters tell in a backstage discussion; and not just what Myrtle's whole world says, but what they say. Here are people who are not afraid to speak and constantly change what they think, just like the way Cassavetes makes a cinema. And in this respect, performances are more important here than in "Shadows," because characters are involved in a larger image; a bigger story coming out of the trivial. But in another way, the real way of doing cinema, this film is no different from "Shadows". There is a wonderful thing about Al Ruban's camera shooting the characters. When someone talks, the room does not focus on it, it shoots the listener; so we can see how he reacts to the things the other person says. Sometimes they do not care, sometimes they are happy, sometimes devastated. But in all these wonderful performances, there may be improvisation. Near the end, there is an unexpected scene where Cassavetes and Rowlands begin to talk, non-stop. If this has been improvised or not, it is not something we have to ask. We have to forget; and seeing both of them changing life experiences and seeing that the words really come alive in a conversation that means much more than what it looks does not become more natural than that.
