It was once suggested by Pauline Kael, never a fan, that Cassavetes did not think of a director, but an actor. What Kael meant was his lack of sophistication as a director; to make this comparison further, for me, he never feels that Cassavetes directs himself in a movie, feels like Cassavetes implants himself in his own creation, like Orson Welles. Cassavetes is as much a genius as Welles, but much more important than a true artist (unlike a technician or a rhetorician). This is like a cross between the Italian passion (though Cassavetes was actually Greek) and the Scandinavian introversion. There have never been such inner demons as exposed physically. It's about the mystery of becoming, interpreting and acting. Like a haunted recording of Skip James, they have echoes of ghosts all around. The destruction of the Rowlands, which are amazing and almost operative, surprising from Cassavetes, is accompanied by a restless piano. Who is this dead girl? Metaphysical possibilities are endless, and it's amazing to find such a thing in a Cassavetes movie, just intelligent intelligence display (in the beginning there is also a small voice of voice). But then, he was always intelligent, never grabbed to praise him for ease. This is not "Adaptation"; Here, combining reality and fiction and drama is not to show intelligence, but to show the inner distress and confusion that it creates. There are so many things. Pure love, happy when Rowlands meets his goalkeeper; the horror of the beating ... The scene where the girl talks about how she has dedicated her life to art and music is one of the most effective demonstrations to understand what it means to be a fan of someone. You can see some roots of this in "A star is born", and Almodovar has borrowed from her for "All about my mother". I think the conclusion is a bit disappointing because of the laughing adventures, but the training that led to it is almost disgusting. (You can shoot me but I think alcoholism, despite its urgency in many scenes, is a relatively small point about the film.) It's a living thing, breathing, and it feels like a process: it could go anywhere in any moment. Like "Cherry Taste," we are reminded that "you should never forget that this is just a piece." However, it is dangerous: when Rowlands says this line, is it a great drama? How will the audience get it? Is she reflexive or does she care? Her distortions (character) are embedded in performances and, finally, in the movie, so as to be as witness to a woman James Dean. 10/10
