Yesterday, I went to the lunar arch of antiques that comes to town. I really have no interest in such things, but I went for the fellowship of friends who have such an interest. Looking over hundreds of sellers, quickly passing many of them, I saw someone selling VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of the movies they had on DVD were quite recent; the oldest one I noticed was Cary Grant-Irene Dunne in 1940, co-starrer FAVORITE WIFE MEA. But, by their very nature, VHS tapes were mostly older movies. We could not resist buying from SOMETHING because they were sold in 3 boxes for $ 10.00. What business, as Eddie Murphy said. I've come across a movie I've heard for years, but I've never seen it: John Cassavettes' Opening Night (1977). Well, I certainly wanted to be a fan of Gena Rowlands and I heard that this movie contained one of the best interpretations. He also had FACES (1968). I saw that 20 years ago, a period when I probably did not have enough life experience to fully appreciate it. And I wanted to take advantage of the deal, so I took that one too. My choice was CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970). <br /> <br /> When I got home, I decided to leave aside the work I was about to do so I could watch OPENING NIGHT. I was completely excited about this movie. She focuses on Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), a famous stage and actress actress who, during her outlook outside the city, has personal and professional problems faced with her character as well as the theme of the game facing aging. After a rehearsal, a fanny fan and an autograph sing with shouts (and tears) of "I love you, I love you!" A few minutes later, this fan is hit by a car and killed. This begins with Myrtle's descent, where he has to deal with his aging fears, the future of his mature actress career, and the inadequacies he finds in the play himself (written by a much older playwright, played by Joan Blondell ). Throughout the movie, she sees a dead girl, an obvious symbol of her past; drink almost constantly; (Ben Gazzara), the producer (Paul Stewart), his costume (John Cassavettes himself) and the playwright. In fact, they are more concerned about the way their behavior will affect their careers: bracing lines on the stage, improvising new lines, generally cracking on the stage and reaching out to Broadway's full opening. <br /> <br /> This story works not only to tackle aging problems but also to promote Cassavettes' dissatisfaction with the main movie. When I looked at the film, I was sometimes surprised, confused, amused, contemptuous, but ultimately involved, amused and content. Cassavettes really had a sense of humor, very concerned that his audience understood what he was suggesting and wanted them to be emotionally involved in the story. He's alluding to EVERYTHING about Eve with avid theater fans, even dressing the young man in a spot and a hat similar to Anne Baxter's hat at the beginning of the movie. This allusion works most clearly to support the theme of aging, the contrast between the older woman and the youngest. Also, obviously, he uses contrast as a symbol for Myrtle to confront his own lost young man. At first I felt that the symbol was too obvious, but then I realized that was Cassavettes' intention. He does not want his audience to misunderstand what's going on; if they do, they would interfere with their emotional involvement. This youthful spectrum haunts Myrtle, attacks her, and wants to destroy her. Eventually, Myrtle kills her, but before she can understand herself and the play, she has to get to the bottom (another figurative death). So Cassavettes makes her so drunk she can not walk and she has to crawl to dressing the night the song opens on Broadway. It resurrects (it helps you out of this situation and it is important for the theme of the movie) and makes the success of the game giving great performance and changing the direction of the game for the better by improvisation so that it contains a certain ray of hope for the aging character a play. These scenes are fun and exciting. Cassavettes and Rowlands actually did the song in front of live audiences who did and did not know they would be part of a movie. The game they play also acts as a contrast: it is main and serious about the issues being approached, that is, until Myrtle changes its denunciation. In this sense, it also improves the work of its co-stars. The natural evolution of the interaction (made by improvisation) between human beings, subjective realism and universal truth - these were Cassavettes' preoccupations in making films. <br /> <br /> The Rowlands Gene is amazing all the time. Of course, she has that great face, and Cassavettes (who is innocent with her during her marriage) treats us in many ways so that we can feel our emotions and know what's going on inside her. It makes you care so much about this character that you want to see her work in the way of this soul crisis. And this draws your attention to 2 hours and 30 minutes of running time. The film is deliberately rhythmic at times and requires constant attention, but anyone who is interested in good shooting and good acting will be rewarded. Someone said that this is a movie for those who love movies. Everyone else should be warned. <br /> <br /> Look for OPENING NIGHT if you have never seen it. Everyone is great and is one of Cassavettes' best movies.
