*** of **** <br /> <br /> Yes! Dressed To Kill is a kind of movie. It's like California, but it's different. Remember? The 1993 film that calls Brad Pitt a serial killer who is "welcomed" by a couple traveling on a California trip as a friend who could be a good companion along the way. When I watch a movie, I always like to know nothing about the plot before watching it, because surprises can become colder. That's the way it was with California. When I saw her last year for the first time, I did not realize it was a suspense movie, so when I found out I was shocked, and when the movie went on, she got better and I was at the edge of the chair I almost kiss my monitor, so close I was to this! So we're talking about Dressed To Kill, right? Before watching this movie (today!), I watched only two other films from Brian De Palma, so I can say I do not know well his works, but I can say from the outside that these two films for me how big they could be. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I looked at Carrie on TV, I was really so desperate to get a DVD copy and I can say: this movie is great! Mission: Impossible as well. And today, I watched a third DePalma movie. <br /> <br /> Well, Dressed To Kill is a movie like California. When the film goes on, it is completely different from what you would expect. I was looking, very curiously, at the museum scene where Dickinson follows the mysterious man in the cabin and ends up together in an apartment room. You could guess what would have happened there. But when the movie reached the elevator scene, the film went completely another way. I was watching the rest of the movie and even liked it. However, there are some weaknesses ... Some characters in the movie are completely silent! Take, for example, the mysterious man on the scene of the museum. We always hoped he could say something, but he never did! This was totally ridiculous and was undoubtedly something that made me change my mind by not accepting this film as at least as a masterpiece. Even on the stage of the cabin, where Dickinson tries to apologize for what happened in the museum, the silent man grabs it, pulls it inside the cabin and starts kissing each other. You know, he remembered the Mexican television series in the 70's "El Chavo Del 8" where some characters are completely silent. Going past these low points of the film is actually a wonderful film, considering the suspense, the characters and the plot. Dennis Franz is cool as Detective Marino! He reminded me of Capt. Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990), where he plays almost the same character. <br /> <br /> Well, the end of this review, the Dressed To Kill conclusion is the same as in Carrie! I do not know if I liked it very much because I hate imitations! I understand Carrie is a DePalma movie, so it's not really an imitation, because it was his idea! But it turned into a repetitive idea in Dressed To Kill, so DePalma could have done something different, instead of showing Nancy Allen waking up from a bad dream just like Amy Irving did at the final stage of Carrie. This was undoubtedly another weak point. But if you get over that, you'll find that Dressed To Kill is a very good movie and I assure you that it's not a waste of time to watch it.
