"Dressed to Kill" is Brian DePalma's best film, an absolutely sensational walk of suspense, humor and style, which today is unparalleled. DePalma has a booming rap in Hollywood, because most people claim he is breaking apart from Alfred Hitchcock. He does not. Hitchcock could only dream of DePalma in his thrillers. Unfortunately, the original version of "Dressed to Kill" is no longer available on the video. The current copy published by Goodtimes is a nominal discount approved by Jack Valenti. But some copies of the original DePalme cut still exist. It is distributed by Warner Home Video, both in a green cardboard box with Angie Dickinson on the cover and in a black sleeve box with the theatrical poster on the silver lining. These are the ones to get if you can find a copy. I have the green one and it is among my precious possessions. Anyway, back to the story. Dickinson interprets Kate Miller, a sexually frustrated wife who is treated by Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine) for her obsessive fantasies. While you are on a museum trip (a real tour of force for DePalma in terms of room and suspense work), Miller is taken by a stranger. You can guess pretty much what's going on with her, because the commercials and art of the box share the story. But there are some complications. A prostitute (Nancy Allen) is the only witness of the crime. Kate Miller Peter's son (Keith Gordon) is a teenage genius determined to solve the crime. And Dr. Elliott's answering machine has a specific message on him ... about a missing shaving machine ... I'm not destroying the movie at all for you because what I described above takes place in the first half an hour of opening and the most Big DePalma surprises are reserved for the last hour. This film is explicit, however, enough for Valenti (the MPAA chief) to seek rebates in the film. What surprises me is what cuts off. Several cuts in the opening shower scene and one or two scenes and some of Nancy Allen's dialogue (Valenti wanted "hump" turned into "bulge"). This is a very violent and bloody film, but the objections are related to sexual content. I would love to hear Valenti's explanation of how you see two women in a delicate scene of love in "Lost and Delirious" is somewhat more damaging to a young mind than Arnold Schwarzenegger blows people with a gun chain. It's simply not fair. What makes Dressed to Kill so good is that not only are technical loans at first rate, but the performance is very good. Michael Caine, who had a lot of nonsense at this time, gives one of the best doctor performances. Angie Dickinson is better than usual, probably because he actually has an important role here. Nancy Allen adds this to her performance range, which has it on ice as one of the most underrated and overlooked actresses in the world. Keith Gordon is wonderful as a genius and I loved all his inventions. DePalma is one of the best directors who has never received the recognition he deserves. The latest joke of the AFI 100 Best Thrillers list showed that very few people actually know what a thriller is. If they really were to open their eyes for a while, they would see DePalma put his career in the thriller and he's actually the best craftsman. This is even better than "Psycho". It's a shame that very few actually know that. <br /> <br /> **** of 4 stars
