I just finished watching Dressed to Kill, which is written and directed by Brian De Palma. The DVD had both the "R" version and the unrated version. I chose the unrated version. Since I have yet seen the "R" version, I can not be completely sure of the difference.there is however a very graphic female nude graphic graphics, including an expressive scene of self-gratification in this release. I think you could call this soft porn scene. If this kind of thing can offend you, I would suggest you see the "R" rating.but and digress.Any version here, refers to the unrated version. This is a mystery / horror / suspense psychological crime. blood.there is still a deadly sequence of the act. the act of killing itself is pretty graphic. however the blood itself does not look real.it reminds of how a 70 slasher movie would think this is deliberately offset the violence of the act itself to give the scene see I do not think there is too much violence , or rather the possibility of doing so. The movie is very good. As far as I can tell that each scene had a purpose that I find very rarely compared to many of today's films. Anyway, I thought the action was good, especially Angie Dickinson. Micheal Cane turns into a thin performance in his role, which works great in this case. The film also has a little transformation into it, in my mind, people might think it predictable. The only complaint (and it's really more of an observation) is that I thought the character played by Nancy Allen could have been more elaborated, especially since it has a fair amount of time.but I think it does good work with what is given to him. And this does not really take away the quality of the movie. The film also has a strong morality about it, which is even more relevant today. you struck your head with it.i also liked a lot musical score, composed by Pino Dinaggioi felt that it was very similar to music in the original Psycho.to me, this music really raised film.i thought this movie was brilliant. for me, Dressed to Kill (1980) is 10/10
