May contain minor spoilers. Dressed in Kill, after seeing her for the first time the next day, it's a movie with some extraordinary sequences, some decent performances and a nice, though obviously Hipocop, plot twisted at the end of the year. It's just too bad things, quite obvious, prevent it from being a classic. Dressed to Kill deals with a mystery of a murderer who killed at least two women (it could have been more than the movie never tells us) and the search for the murderer by three people: a Christian child whose mother was a victim, a lively prostitute, whose only person can identify the murderer and a psychiatrist whose patient was the mother of the killed child. There are a number of good performances, including Nancy Allen as prostitute Liz, Angie Dickenson as the frustrated sexual victim Kate Miller and Micheal Caine as Rober Elliot's doctor, whose hiding greater than the eye; although by no means there is no one really remarkable. On the other hand, Denis Franz, who is later an extraordinary character on the same line in the NYPD Blue show, is embarrassing as an over-exaggerated, ruthless and hateful detective, though it needs a little screen time, so do not hurt the movie so much. Keith Gordon, the baby's brain, is decent, but he's almost too smart to be truly credible. What loads me most in the film are tense sequences. The sexually frustrated mother scene at the museum collapses and is doing well, just like the last sequence leading to her premature death. I also like the sequence from the doctor's office, which reveals the identity of the killer, which makes the whole film unite immediately. And there is a scene on the screen, which I thought almost classical. However, there is another situation when Liz is on a train, running from what the killer may be, which is taken in directions that he should never have with racial stereotypes almost embarrassing. Like a thriller, he is tense and often credible. As a drama of murder, it often fades, especially with the incomplete and ridiculous explanation of everything that has happened in the end. There is also a last sequence of unnecessary and too long visions, in which they had the boldness of pulling someone's foot for what seemed at some point. This was an experience up and down; a scene will catch my heart and mind with atrocities, and the next one would make me change my mind and wonder why. At more than 100 minutes this could have been under 90 and it would have been a better movie. It's still a better movie than most of today's filming. Perhaps it was a better movie at the time, but after I just saw it recently, I can say I like it and it's worth watching for the three favorite scenes.
