Dressed to Kill begins with Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) who has a sexually explicit nightmare, later on that day he visits his psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine) for a session in which he recognizes that he is sexually frustrated and unfulfilled marriage. Kate then visits a museum and takes a stranger, returns to her apartment for occasional sex, when Kate is ready to leave but is attacked and killed in the elevator of a razor blade with a blonde woman. Prostitute Liz Blake (Nancy Allen) discovers the terrible scene and sees the killer, but manages to escape. Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) says he suspects that Liz is the killer because there are no other witnesses, so Liz joins Kate's son Peter (Keith Gordon) to find the real killer to erase Liz's name and to see that justice is done. . Written and directed by Brian De Palma I thought Dressed to Kill was a good mystery of psychological crime. The script is measured and slow sometimes, but he likes to focus on the character, so you really know him, all the first twenty minutes he's developing Kate as a character before he's suddenly killed, then the movie changes his mind on Liz & nobody else takes a look inside. In this way, Dressed to Kill is quite absorbed and engaged, unfortunately the character itself is not even collapsible. I have sometimes discovered a rather funny dialogue, especially the dirty talk that Liz occasionally sheds. Criminal reasons are somewhat plausible, but I think you should be pretty confused about doing something suggested in Dressed to Kill. It's a good movie, but it does not excite me so much and I have not really found any character who laughs for or like. The film deals with a useless and useless twist that is not really seen. Director De Palma leads with visual style and flair, from the art museum sequence to a tracking machine and a whole is impeccably filmed all the time. I would have imagined that every shot in Dressed to Kill had a lot of thought in it. I felt that the movie was a bit flat and uninspired at times, but nothing about it really pleased me. There is a bit of nudity, a kind of sex and rape, along with some gore and violence, Kate's crime by the razor blade in the elevator is the culmination, if that's the right word. However, it is by no means as shocking or controversial when seen today, as many would think. With an estimated budget of about $ 6,500,000 Dressed to Kill has that high-gloss value of production, a Hollywood movie. The locations in New York are beautiful, the cinema is good and, overall, it is extremely well done. I thought the music was inappropriate and it was far from being strong and intrusive. The act is fine, but despite its top billing I do not think Caine has had so much time on the screen. Allen was married to director De Palma, when she was made Dressed to Kill, an exciting one of her four films in De Palma in Two, "Blow Out" (1981), throwing her as a prostitute. .Any double was used for Dickinson as she licked herself in a shower at first. Dressed at Kill is a good thriller that is worth forgetting but I do not think she lived long enough is a high reputation. Good, but not shiny.
