De Palma's technique has matured during this film, which is a wonderful presentation of his classical techniques, although, unfortunately, as in many of De Palma's own films, the story serves the meta more than interests presenting a emotional story. The story opens with a CRAZY scene in which Angie Dickinson masturbates in a shower as she looks at her husband. She is then grabbed and raped while her husband is standing near her - and everything is discovered to be Angie's fantasy as her husband pumps her mind to bed. She has a short scene with her son, a dead sound for Harry Potter, which ends with a joke that "she tells her grandparents to play with her petter." She then goes to the therapy session where she complains about her dead marriage before attempting to seduce her therapist, Michael Caine. He refuses and is hurt and feels unattractive and unfulfilled. Then begins a brilliant 22-minute sequence, almost without words, which is probably the climax of the movie. Among the many things that De Palma has gathered from Hitchcock is the understanding of the film as a purely visual medium of stories? and in the typical De Palma style, he turns this into a way to show his formidable talent. The problem for me is that, in this case, someone starts to feel that the scenes are simply being used simply to show the talent of the director. The sequence begins with Angie at an art museum. He looks at strangers, all involved in sexual or family activities, then begins to return to a man who is sitting next to him. De Palma says with great skill an extremely complicated narrative without a word about attraction, embarrassment, retreat, and ultimately finding and depositing to the stranger behind the taxi cabin, all put to a wonderful score by Pino Donaggio said Carrie. In the second part of the Angie sequence she slept with the guy and got up to return to her husband. Again, De Palma breaks a ton of narrative without a spoken word, because Angie realizes she has no pants, her husband is already home, and no doubt wonders where she is, that she probably contracted a venerable illness , and that he lost his engagement ring somewhere in the mix. Everything is very admirable, but one begins to feel a little tight as we are forced to do things like a long walk on the seventh-floor elevator, then again, almost in real time. <br /> <br /> ... Spoileri from here! When Angie gets back to the seventh floor, she is killed by a big blonde woman. The woman stops until she gets to the ground floor when the door opens and Nancy Allen sees her there. There is a wonderful slow motion sequence when Nancy gets to the elevator, Angie approaches her, and the killer's blade is held ready to grab Nancy's hands. Then there are some electrifying pictures as Nancy raises his eyes and sees the killer in the convex mirrors of the lifts. Everything is fine, and until we have a dialogue again, think; "Woah, that was just 22 minutes straight to the narrative purely visual!" Or maybe not you, but I do. A young Dennis Franz has a large part of a New York detective who wanted to do his job for him. He intervenes with Michael Caine, making the scandalous implications (though it goes as usual) that Angie Wants to be killed. Angie's son is also there and joins Nancy and prepares to spy on Caine's therapist and find out who the killer is. Once again there is a strong link with a Hitchcock movie, in this case Psycho (just as Obsession is a re-work of Vertigo). You have a woman we should secretly understand a whore who is killed in the first 30 minutes in a closed space, in this case a lift rather than a shower. Then the relatives of the deceased carry out an investigation, which shows that the killer is a man who dresses like a woman to kill. De Palma even throws a doctor at the end, explaining the psychology of the whole thing. <br /> <br /> It's very interesting, but at the same time a spectator can start to feel a little embarrassed, and that's my primary reserve about this movie. It's certainly an essential view and shows some of De Palma's biggest bands, but the feeling that the story unfolds in a solid third behind the need to show off De Palma, and his somewhat crazy sexual fantasies make it difficult looking with all his heart. <br /> <br /> --- Check out other reviews on my bad and cheesy site, Cinema de Merde, cinemademerde.com
