Dressed to Kill made a bit of shame when it was released for the first time in 1980: you had "Police Girl" in a role that was mega-erotic because Angie Dicknson played a frustrated sexual marriage looking for moments good in all the museums out there in apartment lifts), plus Nancy Allen as a little girl, Michael Caine as New York's sophisticated cousin Norman Bates and enough pictures to take two films of the period. Today, it is somewhat less incriminating by standards and so, although the unrated version has some of the most "hot" content of De Palma's films, at least during the quasi-auteur of the 1970s and early 1980s, where he seems to repeat over and over themes, ideas taken from the Hitchcock classics on the film rolls and offering a tawdry elevation. It's a simple story I already saw in Sisters, and then again to some extent in Body Double and also in Blow Out. The Allen Box interprets Liz Blake, who has to clarify Kate's murder suspected name (Dickinson in the "MILF" mode), after a raid was found in the murder weapon at Doctor Elliott's office (Michael Caine, most of the stone performance). From the beginning, which De Palma seems to do as a way to create a dangerous scene of sexual fantasy as a way to complement Carrie's opening scene (which he probably does in terms of editing only) , we receive a series of technical knock-out changes in the style itself: tracking pictures in the museum, designed to cause more of a fascination with the process itself, tracking and tracking than any kind of tension ; tracking through the subway (a precursor of Carlito's Path) is done with a precise level of suspense, meanwhile, with a slightly easy to operate, thrown with black tape; the character of Peter, the son of Kate (Keith Gordon), who plays what is essentially a younger version of De Palma's real life as a child (geek scientist, obsessed with Hitchcock and voyeurism). And everything is fun and enthusiastic like a hell like something that comes close to a real synthesis of what makes De Palma's thrillers so unique, being at the same time self-detached from a fearless attitude of film. on the other side, the same self-consciousness has come back to bite the director in the ass a few times in the last few years, and somehow in Dressed to Kill it becomes very irregular and disappointing that the story has to wrap itself up. As Psycho themes meet even more apparently (the man who wants a change of sex does not even think he kills her as she is), there is an exhibition scene in the police station that does this. It's just the movie shows as an amazing psychological revelation. And the final scenes at Peter's house, also calling painful in silence a much more accomplished succession in Carrie, are meant for manipulation that even De Palma requires; the last final shot, although it's a master class in which you can copy yourself. However, there is a very disturbed scene, and in itself perfect, in the mental hospital, in the midst of this confusing confusion, where the doctor works at a nurse where all the other prisoners behave like animals in a zoo, shot up and up on the scene is one of the best photos of sexual / general perversion ever captured on the film. Shamefully when the film ends in such a strange and uneasy way, then it is a remarkable piece of pulp cinema where the class is around in terms of technical aspects (soft lighting, complicated camera movements appear to be both simple), amid the topics that should be found in the 25-cent card mix. It's not a masterpiece, but I would certainly take it over most recent thrillers of the director every day.
