This is a tantalizing masterpiece by Brian De Palma with amazing performances around! It is extremely suspense, and often scary, and the score is fantastic, plus all the characters were wonderful. Yeah, it's a great deal apart from Psycho, but it's still a great horror / thriller with a fantastic opening and a shocking and unpredictable ending! This is undoubtedly one of the best horror / thrillers I have ever seen, and the scene of the elevator is one of the most memorable scenes ever, plus Michael Caine is simply amazing in this! The end is excellent, and the hospital scene near the end is absolutely terrifying, plus the twist from the end shocked the hell out of me! I never missed, and the stalk sequences are absolutely brilliant, plus Nancy Allen and Keith Gordon had fantastic chemistry together! This is a tantalizing masterpiece by Brian De Palma, with stunning performances around! Direction is incredible! Brian De Palma does an incredible job here with stunning camera work, incredible angles, fantastic color use, great zooms and extraordinary movements of POV movies and keeping the movie at a very fast pace! There's a little blood. We have bloody fists, blasting blasts, bloody, and bloody nets. The actor is amazing! Michael Caine is amazing here, he's amazing in the acting department, creepy, it's very pleasant, it was mysterious, and really just made an amazing job as a whole I loved it! (Dog Rules!). Angie Dickinson gives a memorable show here and she was pretty nice and she had a good chemistry with Caine. Nancy Allen is STANGINGLY GORGEOUS !, and it's fantastic here, she is extremely enjoyable as a prostitute, she had excellent chemistry with Keith Gordon, and put on an extraordinary show! Keith Gordon is very good as a kid, he had excellent chemistry with Nancy Allen, and it was very enjoyable! Dennis Franz is good as the detective. Generally, this is undoubtedly one of the best horror movies ever made and say you get rid of what you're doing right away and go see it! ***** of 5
