In France, he is considered polite by French critics to join the apparently cohesive chain of films Brian De Palma left behind. However, a large part of his films are marked by the effects of the bombing "Carrie" (1976), "Fury" (1978) "Scarface" (1983), without mentioning his loans at Hitchcock. Here, in Dressed to Kill, it is impossible not to think of the "Vertigo" (1958) for the long sequence in the museum, while the key moment in the elevator makes it inevitable to think of the anthology sequence of "Psycho". About our involved film, I do not want to resume the old debate: De Palma destroys Hitchcock? Instead, I would be great to be generous and to classify Dressed to Kill as the winner of De Palma alongside the Sisters (1973) and Obssession (1976). However, with some reservations, they are the ones I have listed above, which feed the fights between the fans and the detractors of De Palma. If there is a certainty in "Dressed to Kill", which can generate a general agreement among film lovers, De Palma's virtuosity is directing. He uses his camera exactly as a movie expert should do. Its sophisticated camera work shines suspense that involves increased tension and unpleasant aura. The audience is easy to stick in front of the screen. This is helped by using many silent long sequences, where everything depends on appearance and gestures. By the way, in Psycho, there were also silent, suspenseful parts ... But the main disadvantage in the 1980s in De Palma in 1980 is that one can not find the quality of the plot desiring and seems to be a rebalancing of the numerous formal horn ingredients that belong to an incalculable number of crime stories. The prostitute is the only witness of the crime. Then she is suspected by the police and has to act alone (with little help from the victim's son on the subway scene) to follow the killer and prove her innocence. Apart from the fact that De Palma uses a character of character that is not at all desperate for one time, it is a menu that smells reheated. And the director ends his film in a sequence that echoes the one that opens the film. Yes, it's very filmed, but when it reveals its real function it says: "it's almost full of stuff." Maybe De Palma wanted to stretch his movie in an hour and a half when, at this moment, the audience knows (and even before) who the killer is. The two main basics of De Palma's theme set are articulated manipulation hinges and voyeurism. The second theme is well-featured in Dressed to Kill on the first scene, which makes the film look almost like a soft porn film. And the director is not afraid to film her actress and main wife Nancy Allen in her underwear. It seems to me that his approach to this issue is quite dubious. But perhaps the first sequence was designed to be a spectator's mirror, and De Palma wanted to mix his face. I do not want to hurt De Palma's work at all. His prestigious work in directing, involving a communicative film experience, redeems the global weakness of the story and its dubious aspects. Twenty-six years later, the controversy that he woke up in the middle of filming is not about to fall.
