Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) has problems in her marriage and otherwise - enough to see a psychologist. When her promiscuity is in trouble, she also involves a person around, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who gets wrapped up in an investigation to discover the identity of a psychic killer. Dressed to Kill is somewhat important from a historical point of view. It is one of the earlier examples of a contemporary thriller style that, from this writing, has extensions all the way through Hide and Seek (2005). It is strange that then director Brian De Palma tried to embellish Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally raises parts of Vertigo (1958) for the scene of the infamous museum of Dressed to Kill. Dressed in Kill's shower scenes as well as his negative character and death method have similarities to Psycho (1960). De Palma also has a prominent score with recurring motifs in the style of Hitchcock's favorite composer Bernard Herrmann. Similarities do not end there. But De Palma, whether by chance or qualifying, manages to make a oblique passage, or to overcome his influence, with Dressed to Kill having an attitude, structure and flow that has been influential. Perhaps partly due to this influence, Dressed to Kill is also deeply erroneous when viewed at this time. Countless later directors took Hitchcock-like De Palma and drove them, improving almost every element, so now, after 25 years of influenced thriller, much of Dressed to Kill seems agonizing. One aspect of the movie that unfortunately has not been improved is sex scenes and nudity dressed in Kill. Both Dickinson and Allen treat us with full frontal nudity (Allen is from a very angled angle), and De Palma has persistent Dickinson breasts, masturbation with stronger implications and more visceral sexual scenes than they usually find in movies contemporary. Pretty few scenarios address soft-core pornography. I'm not a fan of prudence - just the opposite. Puritan, monogamist culture, sheltered attitude to sex and nudity bother me. So, from my point of view, it is lamentable that Dressed to Kill's emphasis on meat and its pleasures is one of the few things that others have not followed closely with the movie or cut the film. Perhaps it was wanted, but they were not allowed to follow suit because of the cultural controls from stuffed canned shirts. De Palma's cinematography department and stage staging are also good enough that it's difficult to do something in the same style as the one from De Palma. He has a strange approach, characteristic of close-ups, and likes to take pictures from an interesting angle, such as views above his head and James Whale's pursuit, which crosses short set distances. Of course the directors later were better, but it's hard to say they were better. Visited to be able to film at least the museum scene is remarkable in its ability to build a very subtle tension on a fallen glove and a look or two as he watches Kate through the complicated nested cubes of the Art Museum metropolitan. > <br /> On the other hand, from a viewpoint that deals with the story, especially if you expect to watch a thriller, everything through the museum scene and just beyond it may seem too slow and bad. Due to its departure from the main genre of the film and its main concern with the regimental panacea (as well as the cultural acts external to the film), opening seems to be an attempt not to be very well integrated and to be risques. Once the first crime happened, things are improving, but due to the possible influence of the movie, much of the improvement now seems to be a little cliché and sometimes hokey. The performances are mostly good, although Michael Caine is under-utilized, and Dickinson has to get out earlier than we would like (but the exit is needed and very effective). Dressed with Kill is at least likely to hold your interest to the end, but because of the facts that are not included in the picture itself, did not get old. At this point it is best to watch the film primarily as a historical relic and as an example - but not the best, even for that era - of some of De Palma's directorial flair.
