"The Groove Tube" was originally presented on video in the first "video theaters" in Boston. In one room, there were TV monitors on high stands, with old theater chairs, in small groups, faced with monitors. There were the old fridges supplied with Pepsi, and York Menta chips. In a smaller, smaller room, there were no places, only big pillows. It was the smoking room, that people got there. This act added only to the hilariousness of the video. I was a "frequent spectator"; the scenes I liked the most and I remember today are: Koko Clown, Kramp Easy-Lube Shortening, Safety Sam / VD PSA, Chevy Chase w / nude passing through the woods, what which was eventually discovered to be a nude body of a woman. The last article was very much reminded of the delay, the incredible Ernie Kovacs. Now, I've lost a lot of readers who are under 48 ("who's Ernie Kovacs?") But believe me, they're funny things. One of the reasons why I was a "frequent spectator" was that I and my friends would bring other girls "Groove Tube" to see it. We'll sit and see the faces of "virgins" gently, as PSA "Sam Safety" would play. As the camera slowly approaches Sam, we wait for "Oh!" face recognition. Every time he was more hilarious than the last one. And then that "virgin" will then bring a friend to see the show, repeating what I did. To get this joke, you have to watch the video. Yes, some of them are given, but most pieces, movies, televisions and videos are now. Take a look at any movie made in the 1980s. I saw "The Groove Tube" in a movie theater, a granular transfer from the original video. It was cut off and some of the original original scenes were missing. The first Saturday Night Live show with Chevy Chase made instant notices about "this is the guy at" The Groove Tube, "so he was a precursor to Chevy. I can not look at a shortening box without hearing "Put on your hands with a generous amount of Kramp Easy-Lube shortening ..." and thinking of the "Kramp Holiday Loaf" recipe. It always makes me laugh at the baking needs corridor in the grocery store. The 70's were parological, "The Groove Tube" was fresh, new and really "received" the humor of the times, offering a "hip generation," humor that was not available in any other medium / medium.
