We finished watching the Groove Tube that we saw for about 23 years ago when I was a teenager on my aisle, watching HBO with my brother and his best friend. I also watched Animal House just before that, so I saw two movies that played a SNL graduation and had some naked breasts. Good that our parents are asleep all the time! However, in this film there were a lot of weird and funny things that were eye-opener like the Brown 25 sequence of Uranus Industries ("the taste of beef stew"), says the announcer that what seems to be the excrement human beings come from the Ewww tube) or the puppet girl talking about VD (a scrotum with a small penis with eyes glued). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their debut debut here. Chase is hilarious if he makes a Geritan spot with a woman who gets dressed, having her hands to have sex in a marriage "Fingeri Do It" or singing "Four Leaf Clover" with co-writer / director Ken Shapiro cut your hands on your head. Belzer equips himself with Shapiro in "The Dealers" and "Channel One Evening News" with a wild stick that has Belzer as a black prostitute, trying to trick reporter Ken, who plays Lionel here. "Lionel, it sounds like a train I'll make like a Choo-Choo!" Other scandalous bits include "The Koko Show" with Shipiro as a host of a clown who, after ordering "people over ten" to leave the room, reads the viewers' requests as passages of "Fanny Hill"! Or how about the Olympics segment, with a German couple who makes love announced by two men (one of them Spanish) as they become explicit, while "Please Stay" continues to interrupt on the screen! Or the animated segment of "Dealers" that describes the dancing toilets after Shapiro has ingested marijuana! Not everything is so dirty. Besides the "Four Leaf Clover", there is an extremely funny Ken lip segment that synchronizes its own recording with "Just You, Just Me" while dancing with a suit and a briefcase around the city , occasionally with a policeman writer Lane Sarasohn). So, in summary, this is a weird, funny film that seemed to influence other films (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and eventually Saturday Night Live (which made Chevy become the first star of the show) still amuse today. P.S. While I liked listening to Curtis Mayfield's "Move On Up" during the startup dance / school of gorillas, I wondered what was the point with the sequence of the autopsy and the woman who took him, run , and then, when the naked man was caught by the cop who stopped by the road. I think it's one of those things in the '70s ...
