You know what they say about the 1970s, if you can remember that you were not there. One of the few things I remember about the 1970s was the first social hippi and hip satire, as seen from a total "underground" or "Groove Tube" counter-culture perspective. If humor seems to be discolored or disconcerted now for some viewers, it can only be because a lot has happened in the last 30 years and the comedy is no longer "fresh" ... but hey! When this movie came out, it was the first and a few of these were made for the first time ... at a time when Nixon was in office, the Vietnam warfare, the sexual revolution was in full swing. and J. Edgar Hoover was still in charge of the FBI. This is a movie made before Watergate broke up and as such was one of the first to make a big blow to the unit ... to have fun with her and the hippies at the same time. And honestly, some sketches are still funny. If you liked Cheech and Chong's "In Smoke", you'll love this movie. If you want to know what really means in the '70s, look for Groove Tube .. if you liked winning Oscar "Network" about the same year and believing he was even branded in his wild gaze on TV, you'll groove Groove Tube .. which takes on the theme, but it is played from viewers' point of view. . Young teenagers who stopped the TV in favor of other entertainment .... I was raised on Ozzie & Harriet "Leave it to Beaver," Father Know The Best, My Three Sons .. Happy Days ... Imagine Joy ours, when those of us who have experienced new life styles have seen a box reference as seen from our perspective! The commercials of the Uranus corporation are invaluable. "Good things come from Uranus" ... and the sudden break from direct film in Fritz the Cat-style animation, when hippos eat weeds, is still one of the best in health that I've ever seen on the movie. If you liked Kentucky Fried, you will love this movie. And if you ever wondered why your strange uncle Harold still has a bloody shine in his eyes when he thinks about college days ... that would be the perfect movie to look at. Take it for what it is ... a reminder of the times ... and a small film that will help all those who forgot the 70 years to remind them again.
