"At one time there was a charming land called France ... People were happy then. The women were light and the men made their favorite fun: the war, the only recreation of the regiments that people could enjoy." The war in question was the Seven Years War, and when there were more bodies of soldiers than soldiers, the recruits were sent to fill their ranks. <br /> <br /> And so it was that Fanfan (Gerard Philipe), caught wandering a farmer's daughter in a bunch of hay, escapes marriage by enrolling in the Aquitane regiment ... but only if he first thinks the future as a Gypsy predicted, that he would gain the fame and fortune in His Majesty's uniform and marry the King's daughter. Sadly, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a gypsy, but the daughter of the sergeant recruiting king. <br /> <br /> When Fanfan moves away from the recruits, he saves himself in his hand to save a shipment under attack, who should be in, but Marquise du Pompadour and ... the king's daughter. Now he is convinced he will marry heavily, despite the extremely low blues that Adeline carries. She, in turn, will soon discover her love for Fanfan. We are in the middle of an irrevocable film of Fanfan's destiny, adventures of adventures of a lint and a madman. There are leaks from curtains, battles with swords on rooftops, bad beats, romantic escapes, and more joyous scams than you can imagine. What he lacks Fanfan in Polish makes him unrecognizable and enthusiastic. He is a quick swordsman and a lover of quick talk, but with such a naive belief in his destiny and a nature as optimistic as we do not like him? <br /> <br /> Gerard Philipe was a scenic actor and screenwriter (whom Francois Truffaut constantly disparaged in Cahiers du Cinema). He made most of his own stunts. It was beautiful, athletic, graceful and charismatic. The men admired him, and the women dreamed of him. He died at 36, seven years after Fanfan, of liver cancer. All France wept. Gina Lollobrigida, like Adeline, owned her own. These are not the low cut blouses that make her act. She is sharp, passionate, not quite innocent and nobody stupid. <br /> <br /> Fanfan at Tulipe just sings with endless satirical action, sharp situations and good nature. Not to mention a funny and acerbic dialogue. After Adeline took steps to save Fanfan, she met the king in his private rooms. "Give me your little hand," he says. "But my heart belongs to Fanfan," says Adeline. "Who asks your heart?" the king says, "All I ask is a little pleasure." "I'm a good girl," says Adeline. The King says, "Do you owe your honor to your merits, do you love Fanfan?" Then I thank you, my whims allow you to show the greatest proof of your love, betraying for your sake the loyalty you swore. " Now they are smart and funny things. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, Francois Truffaut, and the rest of New Wave band tend to detest popular movies as simple entertainment (they customized their attacks). Fanfan at Tulipe and his director, Christian-Jacques, were among the main targets. They probably missed the point of view of Fanfan, which is a very funny satire about the futility of the army and the war. How well it would have been to make anger movies that only filmmakers could have appreciated. Thank you, some of them, Truffaut and Chabrol, for example, have overcome this childish condescension and have come to recognize that a good film is a good movie, whether the masses like it or just cognoscents. An intelligent person who enjoys movies can appreciate anything if the movies are well done. Those who are condescending to a popularity film are as self-defeating as those who praise that they have never read Harry Potter. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, eat your heart. Viva Fanfan!
