This is the last of the four swashbucklers in France we scheduled to watch this Christmas season: the others (in order of visualization) were the uninspired THE BLACK TULIP (1964, from the same director as this, but not nearly as surprisingly successful Oscar LADY (1979, who appeared as a Japanese manga!) and splendid CARTOUCHE (1962). In fact, I saw this not long ago in the late Italian television and I remembered that I was not particularly stranded by it, so I was really surprised at how much I liked this time ( also in view of the lack of enthusiasm shown in the movie here and elsewhere when it was first announced as a DVD release from Criterion). In fact, FANFAN LA TULIPE has a lot to do with CARTOUCHE: not just crew members (Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, Christian Matras cinematographer, actor Noel Roquevert), but also wise plotters? In fact, the hero is a female soldier (Jean-Paul Belmondo's Cartouche also had a brief military spell), who is loved by a frightening girl (in this case, Gypsy Gina Lollobrigida) while he is obsessed of love impossible none other than the daughter of the king)! Just like in the later film, Fanfan (an ideal cast, Gerard Philipe, who, ironically, is so lively here that it's not hard to think he's been hit by cancer in 7 years) is flanked of two (one of them is, in fact, his superior officer and the hero's father) and opposed to an unscrupulous figure from his ranks (the aged Roquevert, with whom the hero finally engages in a duel on the roof, models love on the face of Gypsies)! Lollobrigida will join Philippe in her next film, Rene Clair's delightful romantic fantasy, LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). FANFAN has proved to be a great box office success on his own land and even a surprising (but well deserved) award in Cannes for more famous films such as AN American IN Paris (1951), DETECTIVE STORY (1951), OTHELLO , UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, its popularity has ensured its re-launch in a color-coded version (perhaps for the benefit of viewers who did not touch a black-and-white product with a foot pole) and the Criterion DVD contains a sample of this variant; being obviously a foreign language title, there is also a dubious choice of a sounding column called in English, but even if they did not prove to be particularly painful, when everything is said and done, there is no pure and simply a replacement for the original! <br /> <br /> FANFAN LA TULIPE (a nickname given to the hero by a young woman named Genevieve Page as Madame De Pompadour) contains so much comedy as the action and the love story; While some may find this overwhelming, I disagree with myself because I enjoyed the satirical narrative, and as a whole this combination is comparable to Jerzy Skolimowski's "The Adventures of Gerard" (1970 ). That being said, sword fighting here is remarkably strong for an enterprise that is basically mild (especially a scrub in the woods and ambush in a monastery) and the often adult film (sometimes many hints of sexuality when viewed behind the Hollywood vintage price as we have done now, the culmination is quite ingenious: the enemy forces (which, funny, are made to speak in a hurry) are exhausted only by our heroic trio, much to the amazement of the king who, as portrayed by Marcel Herrand, best known for his role as leader of the Parisian underworld in Marcel Carne's "PARADISE COPII (1945)" is himself a lecher. /> An Italian television channel threatened the screen promised by CHAMPAGNE FOR SAVAGES (1964) by Christian-Jaque for months, but despite his three-time programming already (with a fourth attempt for next week ), have not yet shown it, even at this time, I still have three of his films in my black VHS play (equally unsuccessful with the Italian television projections): the three-hour era LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948 also , with Gerard Philippe), THE SECOND TWIN 1967) and FRENCH LEGEND (1971, with Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
