Why a series of silly, boring, courageous movies such as "Star Wars," becomes what he likes and a truly amazing film that is completely unthinkable ... it's beyond me ... This movie it will open you with the dark, disturbing, sad, and scary eyes we live in ... Unlike the boring "Elephant," this film is not one of those "just a normal day until someome shoot". much of what happens after the event ... Deana, played by very hot and very talented Erika Christensen, is a happy and healthy A-student, with good friends and a great life ... until ... she is injured on the day he was shot, being shot in the head. Fortunately she is not killed but is seriously injured and has to stay in hospital for a while, causing her to be in a lot of emotional pain in addition to physical ... Meanwhile, Alicia, played by to also very gorgeous and talented busy Phillips, is a bad, cold-hearted, rebellious, anti-social girl who does not have a single positive feature on her ... and she is not injured when shooting is done. because it turns out he was FRIENDS with the shooter and knew he would do what he did ... that made him brought to the police station and asked a few questions. When he refuses to tell the children if he knew that the shooting will happen, they always come by her to try to persuade her to say something ... and still does not, so the head of the school makes her attend a funeral of one of the dead students and after they leave from here ... the director of enough money is enough and forces her to visit Deana in the hospital. Of course she also refuses, but the director says if Alicia does not do that, the cops will continue to try to make her say something .. and so she she goes to see her ... The only, traumatized, and both physically and emotionally wounded Deana is more than happy to but, of course, Alicia is something but happy to see her. Deana tries to give her a friendly welcome but, of course, Alicia does not respond with weird and painful comments and with a rough assertion about her being here only because she is forced and not allowed to be friendly with her at all. But sooner or later this intention will change ... (and that's all I'll say :) This is truly one of the most moving movies ever, as well as one of the darkest and most disturbing. In fact, I think it would link this to "American X history" as disturbing and moving at the same time ... WARNING: Watch this movie at your own risk !! It contains many scenes and graphic images! EXCELENT movie and critically underestimated! I feel so ashamed that I'm only the one who knows about it!
