This is a modest, personalized comedy, shot in Brazil, at a low budget. The premise is familiar, as in Danny Kaye's 1950s movie. ** On Double **: someone who, as a joke, makes an impression of a Famous Person, is then dragged to get involved in the Person for the Truth. <br /> <br /> The contrast between the two pipes is very effective. Raul Julia, as a German secret police parador, is tall, cool, threatening and Latin. She is performing a blond blonde activity. Richard Dreyfus, the animated, short, Jewish of New York, is fun and sympathetic. There are many references and jokes inside the show business. The setting is clearly modeled on Paraguay. Paraguay was indeed driven from the early fifties to the late eighties by General Alfredo Stroessner, an unnamed military dictator whose father emigrated from Germany. But writer / director Mazurszky reveal their ignorance of local conditions when painting Parador / Paraguay as a typical Latin American tyranny, with huge disparities of wealth and an active guerrilla insurgency. Furthermore, Mazursky interprets Jonathan Winters as an American retired who is, in fact, C.I.A. the head of the Parador radio station and a figure so powerful that he can give the president of the country a chewing gum. In fact, the US has little influence in Paraguay, which is largely devoid of social and racial tensions seen elsewhere in the region. This is due to the fact that the country fought long and costly wars against much larger neighbors in the 19th and 20th centuries. Male population was almost eliminated both times, but the company that emerged was patriotic, racially homogeneous and strongly united. <br /> <br /> On another level, there is an advantage for feminism in the character of Madonna. Played by actress Brazilian Sonia Braga, Madonna is former dancer of the night club, which is to spend prestige to the beginning of the film, but is seen on television as president at the end - now correct politically and cosmetic without makeup pulled back, swept up in the office through a velvet revolution. One time an event actually happened in Latin America, Isabel Peron administration in Argentina (not beloved Evita, who never occupied the position) lasted two years after her husband's death, legendary ** ** supremo Juan Platform.
