This is a story of Winchester Rifle Model 1873 "Winning West Weapon" Cowman, outlaw, peace officer or soldier, Winchester 73 was a precious possession. An Indian will sell his soul to hold one ... Winchester 73 is the first collaboration between director Anthony Mann and actor James Stewart, a duo who will continue to create a series of superior vestiges that have added a new psychological depth to the genre. The story sees Stewart as Lin McAdam following the man who killed his father. Traveling to Dodge City with his trusted friend, Johnny Williams (Millard Mitchell), Lin goes to the Dutchman Henry Brown {Stephen McNally}, the man he wants. But with Wyatt Earp (Will Geer), who took all the weapons from those who enter the city, both men are not able to make the blows they are prepared for. Men won a Winchester 73 rifle, a competition that Lin finally wins. But before he could leave the city with the magnificent prize, the Netherlands ambushed him, stealing the rifle and omitting the city quickly. While Lin moves away in hatred of both man and gun searches, the rifle will change hands several times, adding each time another dimension as an account of all approaches. reference for what became known as "Western Psychological", Winchester 73 is basically a story about a decent man who has led to limitless madness through an event in his past. Tho shot in black and white (the only western duo that was), the landscapes are still breathtaking holidays for the eyes. The tone is set with the opening scene like Lin and Johnny on the road, and in silhouette, amble on a hill, while they make their way to Dodge City. It's just the starting point that would see Mann using his visions as a way to run in parallel with the emotional states of his characters. Stewart gives one of the most beautiful and performing performances as McAdam, proving once and for all that he was one of the most beautiful and versatile actors in America. Support is not too bad. Shelley Winters is excellent as the only woman among machismo, while Mitchell, McNally, Geer and always the great Dan Durya add a clearer class in the process. There are even pieces for Tony Curtis and Rock Hudson here, the latter playing a brave Indian is a stretch too far. Initially, the movie was a project for Fritz Lang, who even had the run-ready script run. But Lang left her, something that turned out to be a blessing to Western fans. How big a director like Lang was, with Mann's director (and with a new script from Borden Chase and Robert Richards in his hands), put the wheels in motion to change the course of the genre. Not only with the efforts of Mann & Stewart, but also with whom they have influenced. Budd Boetticher, Nicholas Ray and Sam Fuller took all the notes, and with joy for the Western purists, they followed the example and held the psychological torch further. A big blow to the box office at launch, Winchester 73 is a magnificent film that still holds a fist in the modern era. 9.5 / 10
