"Winchester '73" marked the first in a series of westerns involving James Stewart and director Anthony Mann. Like most of them, the Stewart hero has a violent edge that threatens to explode at any time. The title refers to a "one in a thousand" rifle that is for the competition at a rendezvous held in the Dodge City rifle on July 4, 1876. In the city comes Lin McAdam Stewart) and his bass player Spade (Millard Mitchell), who are on the Dutch footsteps of Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) for a past mischief. They arrive just in time to see Marshal Wyatt Earp (Will Geer) leading Lola (Shelley Winters) salon girl from town. It seems that Henry Dutch is also in the city to shoot the gun. Lin and Dutch Henry shoot out for the coveted Lin winning prize, but Dutch Henry robbing Lin the gun and escaping. <br /> <br /> Trail Lin and High Dutch Spades Henry across the country facing Lola they drink cowardly Steve Miller (Charles Drake) hold in a camp awaiting the US attack Knights of the Indians ruled by the steer Hudson), who acquired the rival crushed by the killing of the shooter John McIntyre. He took the gun through Henry's deception Henry to poker. Young Bull is killed during the attack and the gun goes to Steve. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, back to the farm, Lola and Steve meet with the famous Waco gunman Johnny Dean (Dan Duryea) who kills Steve and takes his gun and Lola for himself. When Dean meets Dutch Henry, he lets him take back the "gun," which plans to kill him later. In the city of Tuscosa, Lin kills Dean, as Henry's Dutch plans to keep the bank go bad and he escapes into the hills with Lin pursuing. In one of the best final shootings, the two meet in the final showdown. I think this movie was the only one of Stewart / Mann's collaborations that was shot in the B & W. It's beautifully photographed, especially scenes from "open spaces" and, in particular, the final showdown. Stewart plays against the guy, plays the hero with a violent back edge reason, an excitement that will wear in future movies with Mann. <br /> <br /> As in most universal westerns, it has a seasoned veterans distribution and contract players of the day. In addition to those mentioned above, JC Flippen appears as cavalry sergeant Steve Brodie, James Millican, John Doucette, and Chuck Roberson as various patrons, Ray Teal as the sheriff who watched Duryea, Tony Curtis and James Best as beginner soldiers and Edmund Cobb, Chief Yowlachie and John War Eagle in various roles in the Dodge City sequence. A Western classic in every sense of the word. He was responsible for re-generating Stewart's career as a star.
