One of the greatest Westerns of all time! But this, unlike many others, does not deal with nature, horses, gunfire, etc., but deals with a Winchester '73 rifle, and how this rifle affects others and how it affects them. A rifle is not a living, breathing human being, is not it? Maybe you are inclined to think it is not. But he seems to have a mind of his own for two very similar reasons: he returns to his rightful owner in the end, even though in the rest of the image, his "owners" do not strive to ensure that he does not appear to be never satisfied until he returns to his original owner, so coincidentally, the dissatisfied "owners" seem to ever lose or be killed trying to protect him and keep it until he returns to James Stewart, then is "content". But not every owner deserves to have. Stewart has, of course, been since he won. McNally does not do it, because he had to be a dirty thief and steal him. Drake certainly does not, because he'll probably lose him in a poker game and in addition, Drake is too coward to fight, why should he have a unique rifle if he does not use it? Duryea does not do it, because he's just a chuckle maniac, and we all know that maniacs of chicory do not deserve weapons. This film has a kind of noir edge that only Westerners can have, such as the Ox-Bow Incident. Vests have their own type of noir, much different from Bogart's 30s and 40s. It is, of course, the best of all five Western Stewart-Mann, even though my personal preference is "Bend of the River ". The other four became much more different than that. I do not think it's a coincidence to see that the other four have been colored, and this is black and white. This is due to the edge of the noir. All five films had revenge and Stewart's dark past plays in the movie, to the point where it is not just Stewart's dark side, but also a kind of character, not one to be enrolled in credits, but one that you can recognize and know only that it is there, always present. However, this, not just revenge and the dark past, but also in terms of the ultimate danger and characters that were very different from Stewart, surpass the other four in all its aspects. But Stewart never crosses the line. However, he goes on the line between light and darkness. That's why Black and White has played such an integral part in the film. It could have been all black and white or it could have been all the colors. But this is black and white, and the other four are in color and there is a good reason for that.
