The biggest characters of Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson, as well as George Armstrong Custer's and Sitting Bull's specter, are heading to director Anthony Mann, who had a meeting with James Stewart. Although Stewart's attempt to avenge his father's killing is the primordial story, Winchester '73 is an overall piece with a homonym weapon, thousands of guns, passing through the hands of many colorful owners, including an injured trader (John McIntire , particularly great, and excludes Dan Duryea, who is even more despised than usual. The film's confrontation with fiction and history produces a breeze rhythm and an ambivalent tone, brilliantly in step with Mann's rigorous compressed film. His themes of past psychological anxiety and dictatorship highlight this high tale of good and bad men following a fabulous track, but they are strongly showing up about a husband's cowardice and failed atonement attempt and are defined in Stewart's conversations with sidekick Millard Mitchell. Mann's environmental use is what differentiates him from other Western film makers. Instead of watching from a distance, he incorporates them into drama as characters that redirect, complicate or evoke the objectives of human characters. Just like the mountains, caves and pilgrims were to be considered in The Naked Spur, here is a shot of a rifle in the middle of the rocks and boulders of a small mountain, a physical obstruction that fatally determines the roles of the victor and the victim between two sharpeners just as clever. (I would be bold not to acknowledge the contribution of the cinematographer William H. Daniels, especially his day-to-day superlative photo, with a wide range.) Not just an exaggerated follower, Mann presents an equally intense image of Dodge City Wyatt Earp-patrolled, primarily through scaled staging, with multiple plans. The shooting contest does not depend on sudden camera shake or shock cuts because Mann instinctively knows where to place the camera and how to move it to display the highest density of information in a given shot. He does not even want to specify the plot in the dialogue, relying on the actors' eyes or a well chosen image to convey the stakes. A scene, in particular, serves to explain his attitude: Mitchell tells Stewart's motivation for Shelley Winters, who is interrupted by the climatic struggles that in a while quite soon reveal all of them. Light without feeling unsubstantial, intense without being arrogant, Winchester '73 seems more modern than its contemporaries and it is a joy to look.
