A new creative team appeared in 1950 when the brilliant actor James Stewart collaborated with brilliant director Anthony Mann to make a series of westerns that helped shape this genre for the future. Until then, Stewart was mainly noted for a close-minded approach to comedy, drama and family-oriented romance skills. Not that he was not a multi-talented star from Hollywood. One of the best shows on the screen and one of the best for anyone on celluloid was Macaulay "Mike" Connor, a sarcastic writer for a scandal circle in "The Philadelphia Story." He did even on the west before. His portrayal of Thomas Jefferson Destry Jr.'s "Destry Rides Again" film portrait, shot by the expert, helped transform this film into a classic. But for most of the filming he was the American boy-type Mr. Smith or George Bailey. Rarely it was a dark side to any of the characters he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann was associated with B moves in Noir movie mode. "Raw Deal", "Side Street" and "T-Men" caught James Stewart's eyes. So the two talented men have combined their resources to produce some of the biggest Western Hollywood ever made. "Winchester '73" and "Laramie Man" were the best, but the others were almost as effective. Mann has become a successful director of A films, consequently directing what some critics believe is the greatest western of them, Gary Cooper's "West Man". Stewart has become really rich as a result of the partnership because he signed for part of the royalty in return for part of the salary he usually paid for, a wise move, followed by many other actors then. <br /> <br /> Winchester '73 was also one of the first movies, perhaps the first, to tell a story in terms of a traveling gun. Each owner is part of the story they are talking about, and everything comes together in the exciting showdown at the end of the movie, which also has a surprise for the spectator. Based on a story from Stuart Lake, the story is based on revenge and Winchester '73 property. The year is 1876. Custer and the 7th Cavalry were annihilated by Sioux and Cheyenne at Little Big Horn. The whites want to get revenge. Native Americans want their land and their way of life back. This conflict leads to a confrontation between native Americans led by Young Bull (young Rock Hudson showing his potential as actor) and a small group of cavalry mounted in a canyon and joined by Lin McAdam (Stewart), his partner and (actor underestimated by Millard Mitchell) and a couple trying to find him, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters), a dirty dick with a good heart. Among the horse soldiers are Tony Curtis and James Best (late "Dukes of Hazzard"), whose part is cut by a bullet. Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876. The film is head of marshal. The good actor, Will Geer (later Waltons) looks like an older Earp. In fact, Wyatt was the Dodge Marshal assistant, at that time just cutting his teeth as a lawyer. Lin McAdam wins Winchester in a shooting contest, but he has taken it from him not long after the Dutch alien Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his patrons. McAdam and High Spade are after both Dutch Henry and Winchester for the rest of the movie. An even more sinister character appears on the way, Waco Johnnie Dean, starring as a personality personalized by Dan Duryea, who threatens to steal the show from other members of a star cast. Winchester goes through several hands during the movie, every time the transfer is intense. One involves a gunrunner played to perfection by John McIntire. Other swaps are mixed with the scenario above. All this plus the action keeps the spectator sticking to the chair throughout the show. As noted above, distribution is the first rate to the smallest role. Look for other familiar faces in uncreated parts, including the future sheriff of "Bonanza" Ray Teal and trusted B Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
