In 1942, a film TALES OF MANHATTAN narrated a set of unrelated stories, but related to a evening outfit for men. Each story began when "queues" were transmitted from one owner (for example, Charles Boyer) to another (Ceazar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, a superior film and a great western, has a similar turn. Initially, it's about how Jimmy Stewart is looking for Stephen (Horace) MacMahon for dead hate. But during the movie, the two people enter a shooting contest, the prize (given by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer) being one of the new Winchester rifles. Stewart barely beats MacMahon, but the gun is stolen from Stewart, and the pursuit is on. The gun passes hand in hand, including John McIntyre (as an arrogant merchant who does not know when to stop being arrogant), to Rock Hudson (in a surprising role - and a short one at ), Charles Drake, Dan Duryea (like Waco Johnny Dean), MacMahon. He finally returns to Stewart. The film is directed by Anthony Mann. Each character has a wide variety of experiences. Duryea receives the gun literally over Drake's body (Duryea forces the problem). But he's losing to MacMahon, which is quicker on a tie - not that Durya is bad enough to fight for the rifle. As he and Shelley Winter looked at MacMahon in the distance, Winter (who was watching Duryea killing her ex-boyfriend, Drake), left a moment's dissatisfaction as the fighter asked him why he had put the aggressor MacMahon's gun. From the philosopher, Duryea explains she can wait. Some opportunities will come later (ie when he can safely kill MacMahon and get the shotgun back). <br /> <br /> Characters are remarkably human. Winters appears for the first time as Drake's next bride, but he sees a truly negative side - an unforgiving part. Drake is aware of this time and helps to destroy it. Other characters have realistic touches, such as J.C. Flippen as an army sergeant struggling with an Indian attack with Steward and Steward's friend, Millard Mitchell. Oh, yes, and with Flippen's soldier - Tony Curtis. Flippen thinks this soldier was on a hundred battlefields before, probably in 1861. Steward showed emotions in other movies. It's a wonderful life, he sometimes showed a degree of anger and also an almost nervous defecation when he thinks everything is wrong with his life. But here he showed a demonic anger - to the detriment of a surprising Durya (which would normally show such anger). The parts of this film fit very well together under Mann's hands. This is a Western one who never wanders, while the audience watches the journeys of a Winchester kid.
