Buffs of the Western adult who flourished in the 1950s are trying to trace their origin to the movie that triggered the syndrome. Of course, we can go back to Red River to Howard Hawks (1948) or farther to John Ford's My Darling Clementine (1946), but if we want to stay with this decade, then it must be one of the few movies made in the year originally of that era. One is "The Gunfighter", a wonderful story of a renowned gunman (Ringo) who faces his last shootout. Another one of the same year is "Winchester '73" and it is worth noting that Millard Mitchell appears in both of them as bad, mustard, extremely realistic riders. In The Gunfighter, he is the marshal of the city who expected to arrest Ringo, but had once traveled with him in a band of laws. In Winchester, he is the victim of Jimmy Stewart, a kind of Horatio for Stewart's Hamlet in this epic / tragic story. The plot is pretty simple: Stewart's cowpoke wins a remarkable Winchester in a shooting match, beating the most frightening man in the West (Stephen McNally), who is actually his own brother and caused the death of their father. When the brother steals the gun, Stewart and Mitchell go after him in a cowboy odyssey that takes them all across the border, meeting both of them and the Indians. (In a wonderful moment, two upcoming stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - playing an Indian boss and an American soldier of a cavalry), during a well-presented battle, Dan Duryea steals the whole show as a scandal leader, while Shelly Winters, just before she starts gaining weight, is good as the shadowy lady who binds all the plots together. Today, filmmakers will continue for about four hours to bring such an ambitious idea to the screen, but Anthony Mann does it in a very economical way for a long time with no minute lost. Thus, Western legends such as Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (played terribly by Will Geer) make short appearances, adding to epic history and nature. The final break between good and bad brothers over a series of rocky canyons is now legendary among Western fans. that Stewart, no matter how much he has been associated with Western films, does what he really is his first Western leading role here - yes, he was in De Stry Rides Again eleven years earlier, but he was thrown into the comedy spoo because it seemed so bad to Westerners!
