The traditional West is synonymous with wide open spaces, clear morality, inevitable stories, optimistic belief in a hero's ability to shape his destiny, to escape his past. These qualities directly reflect the American self-esteem, the self-forming dream, the pushing of borders and borders, that is why the genre is still aloud by opportunistic politicians. With some noble exceptions (for example, Wellman, Hawks), the West was free of ill health or real anxiety. Anthony Mann has changed everything forever, and this first incursion is one of the most violent, vivid, and complex, not to say that Westerners are exciting ever. The traditional western depends on a hero who exemplifies prayer, any mistakes he would have in the past, a supporter of order and law, dominating the film, removing obstacles, restoring harmony in place; and an obvious villain, who ironically often leads the plot, forcing the hero into certain actions. The difference between the two is often delimited as simply mythical as the wearing of white or black hats. Mann's background was in noir films, an antitethal genre in open spaces and optimism. Noir was accused neurotic, concentrating on the dissolution of an unstable protagonist, in which morality is unclear, the hero is as often the villain, trapped in an inner labyrinth of his own achievement, a passive victim of destiny. Noir is about regress not progress, querying and denying ways and signs of representation, not creating and confirming them. WINCHESTER 73 is full of noir anxiety. Noir is often considered a psychological type, visualizing the trauma of his protagonist's head. 73 and this is all the more worrisome in the fact that the protagonist is wonderful, Mr. Jimmy Stewart, is launching a great series of difficult films with Mann and Hitchcock. In many ways, good-sweet and sweet, representing the right and trying to restore the disorder of natural order, he is also a fool who will not stop at anything to obtain a murderous revenge, whose tireless search mirrors Ethan Edwards in SEARCHERS in inhuman uncertainty, whose human instincts are ruined by this search, and whose violent explosions are truly terrifying to be witnesses. As in noir, his anxiety has a psychological basis - unlike most "healthy" heroes who have (symbolically left) their parents, McAdam's father was killed before he can complete the process; watching his brother be less moral revenge than a terrible protest against an astounding rise. The climatic quake is not cathartic: McAdam returns to "normal" society, as if he has just witnessed some of the strangest horrors in the world. What is most worried about the film is that it is not really about a hero or a villain, but a piece of inanimate neoplasia that drives the action. 73 opens with the weapon of the privileged title, behind a glass window, while his admirers are caught, crushed, undifferentiated, framed, admire him out. Throughout the film, human power is reduced to the most arbitrary of signifiers - name change; Lin and the Dutch mime shoot each other for not having weapons; quests lose their moral vitality, and their practitioners approach madness; armies must seek help from aliens from the Confederation to fight battles; a man becomes worthy of respect only when he mentions his name; another man is discovered as a coward when he abandons his fiance with the Indians; the weapon retains its prestige, power, integrity. It is not the plot of revenge that leads the film, but the story of the weapon; this scans the movie from the usual expectations and creates a strange, alienating and modern feeling. We are so caught up in the revenge plot that when we follow, with the gun, another plot altogether, we feel a little astonished. This emphasis on the weapon, a symbol of strong masculinity, actually allows a critique of that masculinity, revealing unnecessary rituals to the detriment of society and order; brutal greed; Indian criminals who kill the vendor and the enemy; cowards; psychotherapists; Before returning to his own "true" owner, a completely compromised hero who became as assassinated as the killer he is looking for. The weapon is never engraved with the name of its owner, not only because there is no fixed owner, but because there is no fixed masculinity, an anathema understood against the traditional Western. 73 brilliantly invokes the Western myths - Wyatt Earp, Dodge City, Cavalry, Civil War, West open - just to undermine them. Earp has a bloated reputation, which is quite name, but never proved - Dodge City is no longer protected against the ranks than anywhere else; The cavalry is ineffable (Custer has just lost the Great Horn) and the bitter battle of the War is proven to be irrelevant. The open myth of the West is a place for a very closed, inevitable, circular plot that collapses its characters, refuses to allow them to mold their destiny, but allows them to mold them. The old John Ford's riding hill on a vast mountain is repressed, but the signals do not progress, but the repetitions and circularity. But for all of his deconstruction, the film is also tangible alive in a way that some Westerns ever do. Mann's incisive technique penetrates the room in crucial positions, alternating the revealing distance with an intense examination, making saloon doors and riddles seem to live alive and live.
