My favorite film genre is Western, it's really the only kind of American film. And in spite of Sergio Leone, nobody's doing them enough like the Americans. Right at the top of my list of ten western favorites is Winchester 73. It was the first black and white film of the partnership of director Anthony Mann and actor James Stewart. It was also a reference film in which Stewart opted for a percentage of profits instead of a direct salary from Universal. Many such offers followed for the players, making them as rich as the moguls who hired them. Anthony Mann had made images B, noir stuff without real budgets so far. Just before Winchester 73 Mann made a beautiful West with Robert Taylor, Doorway Devil's, who does not get enough praise. I'm sure James Stewart must have seen her and she decided that Mann was the person she decided to assume with her partner. In this film, Mann has also developed a mini-stock company, as was the legendary John Ford. In addition to Stewart, others in the role of Millard Mitchell, Steve Brodie, Dan Duryea, John McIntire, Jay C. Flippen, and Rock Hudson will appear in the upcoming Mann movies. It's a simple plot, James Stewart is obsessed with finding a man named Dutch Henry Brown and killing him. Why do not I say, but so far I have never seen such an angry fury on James Stewart on the screen. Anthony Mann entered Jimmy Stewart's soul and brought out demons that we all fear to have. Hate is demonstrated at a wonderful time towards the beginning of the film. After Stewart and his friend Millard Mitchell are disarmed by Wyatt Earp, played by Will Geer, as weapons are not transported to the Dodge town of Earp. There is a shooting contest for a Winchester rifle in Dodge City, and the favorite is Dutchman Henry Brown, played with the threat of Stephen McNally. Stewart, Mitchell and Geer enter the salon, and Stewart and McNally see each other at the same moment and shoot for weapons that are not there. Look close to Stewart and McNally, they say more than 10 pages of dialogue. Another character Stewart enters the film is Waco Johnny Dean played by Dan Duryea who almost steals the film. This may have been Duryea's best moment on the screen. He's a psychopath killer who's deadly like a left-handed blow, even if he has two six guns. <br /> <br /> Another person who meets Stewart is Shelley Winters, who is the fiance who was shot by Duryea and killed. Her best scenes are with Durya who took a fantasy of her. She plays for the time until she can safely take it off. Guess who's finally spinning? There are some wonderful shows in some small roles, there is no sour note in the cast. John McIntire as an indiscreet trader in India, Jay C. Flippen as the grizzly army sergeant and Rock Hudson received his first announcement as an Indian boss. Even John Alexander, best known as "Theodore Roosevelt" in Arsenic, and Old Lace has a short but impressive role as the owner of a trading post where McNally and Stewart stop at different times. Stewart made eight films together, five of them western, and were ready to make a sixth Western night pass when they quarreled and Mann left the set. The end of a beautiful partnership that produced some quality movies.
