"Addictive" is an adjective I've often heard when talking about some TV shows. Most recently, Dramas like Lost, Heroes and Prison Break have won this description. However, how convincing they are (and I am), I can wait a few days before seeing the next episode of each series, even Prison Break, which some lazily classified as "the new 24". With all due respect, there can not be such a thing, and for good reason: no silver screen thriller is based on a real-time structure. That's what distinguishes me from any other show and that's why I basically have to look at a whole season (on DVD) in seven days or less: once the clock starts ticking, it's impossible to find yourself. An episode whose events took place over a single day was a registered trademark of NYPD Blue (and, more recently, Deadwood); having a whole season of a new series in the last 24 hours, one on ep (the actual running time is 41 minutes, the rest of 19 being advertised when the show is on TV), was the most innovative idea in mainstream television at Hill Street Blues has introduced the non-linear story (a mandatory feature nowadays). And it really was paid. Ironically, the original plan for the series was to make it spin around a wedding (fortunately, creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized that the format was more suitable for a conspiracy thriller), which is probably the reason for (Kiefer Sutherland) enjoys a chess game with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and, a few minutes later, with Teri (Leslie Hope) , the wife she just got together with. Like Soprano, something unexpected and shocking is just behind the corner: not only did Kim sink from her room, Jack also received a phone call urging him to get to work immediately. At midnight? I'm afraid that Bauer is a CTU agent and that his boss has obtained reliable information about a possible hit in the life of David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert), an African-American presidential candidate who will be in Los Angeles all day oh, well, I almost forgot: the events appear in the day of the Presidential Town Hall in California). There's no time to get dressed, then: Jack needs to spend the next 24 hours working on the case. Unfortunately, he tends to ignore the protocol, and this does not fit well with George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a thin man in the Division who was asked to intervene in the operation. is very dense, which makes the show difficult to recommend to those with a lot of attention, but anyone who wants to look will be rewarded instantly: the writing is sharp and precise, the attention to unparalleled details, and the suspense is consistent, mainly due to real-time trickery, which greatly improves the level of adrenaline. Another great quality of this pilot is the characterization: most genres (sci-fi and thriller) tend to simply enter key players and then define them later (an example of manuals is CIS, where character development is but then, again, that fits the unique style of the show), while the debut of the 24 series offers a rich array of fully rounded people, including Jack (Sutherland's best role - ever!) And Palmer (the true revelation of the show) remarked that it was described perfectly after a single episode (the first one that was divided between work and family, foolish but human, the latter honorable and endowed with great integrity). Several pieces of support fall on the stereotype (especially Mason and Tony Almeida), but two factors should be considered: a) this is the first episode; b) so much happens that most of the spectators will not even complain about a "defect" or two. After all, how many network programs manage to start with a conspiracy, a missing teenager and a huge explosion - and still have equally satisfying material for the rest of the season? Tick, tock, tick, tock ...
