From the observations here, before me, I rather agree with Edyarb. The story and the script apparently had the potential to be funny, but although he managed to do some points, he failed elsewhere. You see that they want to make a joke, but no one in the audience laughed. (I also agree with Edyarb's opinion on final credits: leave it normal or cool, but not what they have done now.) OK, that gives a more negative feeling than what we actually looked at movie. I liked; it was an entertainment pleasure for one night and certainly did not feel like a waste of money to get the ticket. The best jokes are those that go a little beyond expectations and are quite mature like the character of Luke Wilson, Matt, who asks the super-chicken "Push or bed?" when he told them he would "bring a new one" after a wild night in bed, ending up to break his bed and leave Matt in his throat. that the movie could earn an "R" rating - there was absolutely nothing in the movie to justify this. Some sexual acts give, but nothing explicit, just humor and nudity. (Maybe it was at a prescreening that showed more ...?) I would like to compare this with two recent films that I have visited without a wait: Superman Returns and Click. I did not expect anything from anybody - I was a great fan of the original Superman movies and the "Click" trailer showed it as a potentially chauvinist (I would not oppose) film. Superman surprised me that I feel good (pant!) To see his first heroic act, to see a long lost friend and feel happy. But for the rest of the story I'd rather watch my Super Ex girlfriend, at least give some surprises. Click again was a total surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes away from being a really great movie. The jokes also work much better than the ex-girlfriend, both the naughty and the most advanced. Anyway, the only reason I compared these three films is that they are the last three, seen in a very short period, and also because I went to all of them without expectation. I would classify Clic, Girlfriend, Superman.
