On paper, this looked like a great concept: The average resurrected type dates back to a tight book card curator, who is indeed a hot superhero that saves the world on a regular basis. However, director Ivan Reitman and writer Don Payne (from "Simpson's") almost erroneously mistake their G-Girl (played by Uma Thurman) as a job, both as Superhero and as an identity secret Jenny Johnson. Film even the policeman on this in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson), after his rescue by G-Girl from the Statue of Liberty. Jenny asks Matt as curiously as G-Girl. Matt replies, "Is it crazy?" I think the intent was for Jenny (Thurman) to be this young woman alone, who has no one in her life, isolated from her great physical powers. Thurman does his best, but Jenny is a frightening mood that revolves around the ugly need of Prozac. Luke Wilson is too breeze in reversing the role of boyfriend and superhero friend. "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is also a victim of the bad calendar, coming to the end of the queue "Superman Returns" that plays Superhero straight up, so to speak. With all the inconsistency and inconspicuous writing, I thought "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" was fun and enjoyed the movie. Since this is a movie with Ivan Reitman, this could have been much better. Reitman starts from a wonderful premise and even scatters it. First of all, we all love the hero. Here, neither Jenny nor G-Girl are really nice. This is surprising for Uma Thurman, who is normally a charismatic and powerful presence. At first Jenny / G-Girl is simply weird. Shocking. Because if there is a woman who can play a superhero, she is Thurman - looks very good. Only to the end of her, Jenny becomes more sympathetic instead of caricature. Although "My Super Ex" is not a super story, rather a romantic comedy, it does not offer what any supermodern mythology requires - a great villain. Here we have Professor Bedlam, known as Barry (Eddie Izzard), who is really bad. It's not Lex Luthor. There are no plans for global domination. Bedlam, rather, Barry has a prey against G-Girl and certainly has to do with their common past. What is bizarre you do not know who would prefer to spend time with? Bedlam or G-Girl? Matt's Luke Wilson is just "a guy" who is going to join the psycho superhero. One of the annoying things he does is he confesses with his wandering, lousy friend, Vaughn (Rainn Wilson, making a false confusion). Wilson sometimes plays a bit too dense, and this adds to his charm. This, however, works in the scene of comedy sex with Jenny. Matt during the meeting Jenny / G-Girl realizes that he is in love with his colleague Hannah (Anna Faris). So, how does Matt split from G-Girl? Well, it's not enough and mostly funny. <br /> <br /> Superhero dramatic movies work. Romantic comedies with chemistry work. What can be inherently difficult are super-erotic villages disguised as romantic comedies. Everyone loves the hero. However, the hero job did not? Maybe not. With all the talent of Uma Thurman, he fails to do so convincingly. And he does not get enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive their narrative failures. "Super Ex-My Girlfriend" is fun and funny. Though given by everyone involved, the movie could have been great.
