I have to say that as a BSG fan, I was not quite sure why I was thinking about this show. I saw it on the big screen of the Arclight cinema tonight (as part of the Paley Center projections), and movie and film producers were talking afterwards. Ron Moore said he "wanted to make a clean break from the Battlestar and do something different, and that he is going to lose some fans, but we hope that others will win." Even without their discussion, I was a fan of the new show, but here's what I thought about the movie: I liked it a lot, it was very good, I think I'm a true science fiction "- I have to write with I did not know what I was doing, but I did not know what I was saying, The actor playing "Ben" should have given us more attention in his intense beliefs. He played a teenager (and I'm sure I will not be the only one who believed that Zoe was a cubic at first, the danger of be a geek BSG.) If they hope they will be Bamber / Helfer / Park, they may want to rethink it. "Surprised in time, the adults attracted the attention of the audience." Eric Stoltz gives a starring interpretation like Daniel Greystone, a man so haunted by his family tragedy that he jumps on the first chance to get out of pain and He does a refreshing and delightful job of conveying the spiritual knowledge of his character about the inner world of computers and people, especially in a scene where he is spinning a network for his daughter's young adolescent friend, , then dismisses and releases it. No sign of the "serial killer" he played in Gray's Anatomy, a very impressive action. Equally strong is Paula Malcomson as his wife, Amanda Greystone. She is as intelligent and well written and played as Stoltz, and I have all believed that I am a couple and a couple who have been together forever and have a strong relationship that is rarely met these days. I look forward to seeing what is going on with this family, and I hope they're doing so much to do as Roslin in the BSG - she's strong and smart, and when she sneaks into her baby, you're very big. Not to mention her eyes, who could have magical powers, I am so intense. The scene in which you deal with the government agent - the very short, but beautiful scene - really gives you an idea of ​​her power. The other side of the show that did not work 100% for me scenes with Esai Morales and his mafia-style clan. He does a good job as a whole, but I did not believe in this crowd power, nor was I intimidated by their threats. I woke up wishing the whole story line was a bit more mysterious and hard to find; the way it is presented is almost a tribute to Godfather, they hit you a little bit. But given the time, I can see how this will develop in an interesting "top / bottom", with poor minorities (Morales et al) versus the rich people ruling the planet (Stolz et al). And to be honest, I was glad when he talked to his son about the origin of their name - it was a very well-played scene. Note for BSG fans, the boy playing "Willy Adama" does not look too much like Olmos, but he is just a kid. Whether or not he will be more than he was in this movie, who knows? Sure I could not say. But it did not bother me, because it was not as exciting as everything that happened around him. Polly Walker performs "Sister Clarice," and she is cool and weird in every scene she's in. I'm not sure where she'll go or who she's gonna get, but I was really impressed with her. In this film she was a kind of part, but obviously being set up to play a very important part later. There was nothing like her character in "Rome," which I always found impressive in the actors. A pleasant surprise - music is actually better and less obvious than BSG, even if it's the same guy, Bear McCreary. She has a bizarre and unusual approach that surprised me, I would buy this score if I had the chance. As for the "panel discussion" after the show, it was hosted by Seth Green. Ron Moore was very smart and articulate, David Eick was confident (like his video logs), Esai Morales told a long story about how he was distributed and Eric Stoltz was very funny and did not really answer to the questions "I always had a thing for him"). Paula Malcomson was tricky (she took Seth Green to face the mistake of saying she was 24) and the girls who played Zooey and Lacey were so dear. Grace Park and Tricia Helfer were also there, answering questions about how scenes acting with themselves on BSG were doing. Generally, a very exciting and wonderful evening. I give the show a 9 out of 10 and I am very looking forward to watching you all. we just saw it a second time and we really hope to explore what was originally done for HOLOBAND. I have no idea what it might be, but it makes me a great fascination.
