It all starts with a suicide. Or is it a car accident? I think it all depends on your choice to start at the beginning or the end. Director Gabriele Muccino gives you the opportunity to enter his new Seven Pounds movie no matter how you prefer, as it begins at the end of the year and returns to the beginning, showing us the course of events that led us to that full call of the heart. This is a powerful movie; maybe that's because I'm a husband when it comes to dramas of this kind that drip with heavy moments and full of devastating performance, but anyway, a movie works best when it really touches me when it's behind after I left the theater. And this is from the team that brought us the overpriced, septic and not everything that redeems the exercise of happiness, so I say that my anticipation has been carefully guarded for great disappointment. Still, however, I was with seven Pounds from the opening frame until the credits rolled. Even if you figure out what Will Smith's character is, the secret mission he's trying to complete is the way he performs his penis that shines brilliantly and leaves you with a tearful smile at the end. > Our entry point is a bit offensive, letting us try to understand what's going on. Smith's Thomas has names lists, one of the people we do not know, and one of the people he seems to try to follow and audition. Working with IRS allows these strangers to see them in their lives to see if they are worthy of a gift that has the power to offer them a gift that could completely change their circumstances. He calls his old childhood friend (Barry Pepper) and reminds him to do what he promised, not to guess his decision because the mind does not change. Even in a role as small as Pepper's, you can not feel the total pain sustained in the background hanging over everyone's head. It is his character, perhaps seen three times, that truly encompasses the primary level of emotion being treated. Its decompositions, whether they are tearful and compound, or face the convulsions of the hands, show the connection that these two men have, is the one that is at the trial of time and of any circumstances that must come in the way. , start the journey to meet new people. Thomas is in a sort of mission to help alleviate the monetary problems of the diseased dead population, trying to stay afloat, despite the heavy weight of medical bills and survival. This evolution has many changes, from a "blind, vegan meat seller", which he makes to see if he can make it explode; to a donor heart-needing two phases, unable to print his stationary line, or even run with the Grand Duke Duke; to a Latino mother of two, terrified and scared, too afraid to leave her lover; to a dying hockey coach, who encourages faith in a community of buried young people; to a boy who needs a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with pain and inevitable future, with a mood of hope, and who want to cherish every day, and who are trying to beat him by cutting the corners and spending all the money at the expense of those who need to go out in style. Why is Thomas's duty to go through the mix and find those who deserve his "gift" is unknown at first, so this man seen in flashbacks as an aeronautical engineer with a beautiful wife and a huge seaside home , now lives in a motel, driving an old car, going from door to door to conduct an IRS audit. As he says, "he did wrong at work." Smith's search, like Thomas, is long and painful, tempered with moments of honest clarity and compassion. As a man with the means to help, he takes his job seriously, passing the unhealthy people and testing those he thinks are worthy of grade n. If that means he has to shout and have fun with them, he has to do. At every step, however, you see his suffering in his eyes, the pain eats his soul, making every step to his fate, one as the saint of redemption, not only for those he wants to help, but for himself. It's a trusted performance and I just want Smith to do more drama than this summer's blows, because while I'm fun, this guy is too good for them. The better man earns an Oscar before he's done, or he'll be a travesty, at least in my mind. The rest of the distribution is stellar across the board. Woody Harrelson, as a blind seller, is a perfect handicap with a joy of living. His shy smile and faith in humanity is met all the time, whether the phone shouts, stays in a dinner, eats the pie or the piano in the park, playing for everyone who will listen. Elpidia Carrillo, as an abused mother, is fantastic, showing the evolution that is difficult from pride to the fear of being completely overwhelmed by the goodness of a stranger, allowing her family to be finally safe. And Rosario Dawson shines like a "once hot" woman, beaten and crushed by the long hospital stay, yet given up living life to find love and happiness. It's Thomas's introduction to Thomas, who opens his eyes again to be a woman, a sexually immune creature who can only live without the fear of asking what day she will be her last.
