Seven Pounds, this was the movie in which I was convinced that Will Smith really goes for the movies "I'll Make You Cry". One thing I can give him a credit tone, the man can cry. My only point is that, as the story goes, Will Smith has proven from time to time that he can act, so why does this extremely depressing story? But still it's still a good movie. I have to admit she made me cry, but I felt that the exceptional show was Rosario Dawson, I love this girl, since I saw it at 25 o'clock with Ed Norton, I knew this girl was going away. She is beautiful, charming, funny and talented, can not wait to see how long her career will continue. But they and Will Smith, not so sure they have a great chemistry the movie had, which would have done this in a great movie. Two years ago, Tim Thomas was in a car accident, was caused by using his mobile phone; seven people died: six strangers and his fiancee. One year after the accident and after leaving his aeronautical engineer, Tim gives a lobe of his lungs to his brother Ben, an employee of the IRS. Six months later, he gives some of his liver to a Holly service servant. Then he begins to look for more candidates to receive donations. He finds George, a junior hockey coach, and donates a kidney and then gives the bone marrow to a boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before he dies, he contacts Holly and asks if he knows someone who deserves help. She suggests Connie Tepos, who lives with an abusive friend. Tim moves away from home and is in a local motel, taking his jellyfish with him. One night, after being beaten, Connie contacts Tim and gives him the keys and deed of his beach house. He takes two children and moves into their new home. After he stole his brother's credentials and became known as Ben's brother, he checks the candidates for the two final donations. The first is Ezra Turner, a vegetarian blind meat seller who plays the piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and harasses him at work to check if he is quick to anger. Ezra remains calm and Tim decides he is worthy. He then contacts Emily Posa, a postcard printer on his own, who has a heart disease and a rare type of blood. He spends time with her, dressing his garden and fixing his rare Heidelberg printer. He begins to fall in love with her and decides that, as her condition worsens, she has to make her donation. Seven Pounds are a good movie and undoubtedly worth watching, I would recommend you go for rent vs. theater. Will Smith has a good performance but not the best, but most of the movie forces him to cry in every scene, but the last one is a doozy. But I liked the end, it was beautiful and really made you appreciate your life and not accept it. There are good people in this world and Ben's character reminds you to cherish life and give to those who desperately need it. Though it went a little, but it was still a beautiful story. 7/10
