* Marchez where spoilers are! General comments: If you can take a serious movie, visit this. You have an open mind and you will enjoy it. Do not leave the theater because you are confused about what's going on! The movie fits nicely together in the second half. I'll get Mom to see her again when the movie opens officially. <br /> <br /> I was lucky to see this at a view a few weeks ago when Will went to promote the movie. It was great - he spent a lot of time with the fans. Thanks for the Will! About Will's performance: Many times when you see a movie with a truly renowned actor for another movie / show, you always think about them in their current performance, just as you think about them for their past performance. This is not the case for Will Smith in this movie. I did not imagine Prince Fresh (lol) when I looked at this movie. He was completely and entirely convincing in this extremely serious role. He grew very much as an actor. I think he will get at least one Oscar for this performance. About his character: Ben is very confronted and tormented. It's sad ... full of blame ... very determined, but very scared. Very true to himself. His character has a depth ... and, in a way, Will has managed to bring it to life. About Emily (Rosario): Rosario did a nice job of portraying Emily, a woman very behind her. Perhaps it is not the glittering star Will is in this movie, but it was very convincing. I think her character did not have as much work to do as Will did. About the plot (not spoilers): I admit I did not like the movie until the second half of it. I did not know anything about the movie that came into it and nothing had any meaning until the second part of it or something. But when things finally fit, wow. Surprisingly well written and well thought out. It's an extremely intense movie that really sticks to you. In fact, it takes a lot of you to look. In the theater we were in, most people were crying at the end-even the elderly men. When you realize what Ben does and why it is a very important moment ... ******* Minors SPOILERS ***** That's why it's hard to talk about without giving important things away. I feel like I know too much about this movie is really ruining them. In the movie I liked, however, I had a lot of symbols. I will mention some of it here (without trying to give it too much). The fish Ben kept in his hotel room. It does not make sense at first. There was a lot of chatter in the cinema, when people realized the reality of the fish. -I hated Ben at the beginning of the movie. After all, I loved him and hated him. That's what Will was convincing. I thought Ben was a huge villain for Ezra, a blind man trying to make his way into the world. Why he treated Ezra so, he also became more and more clear in the film. Wait, though. Everything in this movie: wait for it. <br /> <br /> -Ben is a fundamental person who made a great mistake that he will not forgive. I'm not clear if he was doing what he was doing because he was trying to get rid of his guilt or if he really wanted to help people. I think it's a bit of ... I think he wanted to help people, but also to get away from his past. I like his character. You love and hate him, because you realize that what he does is nothing amazing. You hate him because of what he does for himself (as a very good person), physically and emotionally. A good Will job.
