I would strongly recommend this movie to any fan of music whose death has seen a musical make a faithful transition from scene to screen. Of course it's long, but the length is a testimony to the fact that it's true of the original music scenario where the movie is. The sets and casts really make Sweet Apple, Ohio. Fosse protects Anne Reinking, she also does a splendid choreography job, giving the dances a beautiful little town, I feel for a while. Casting at a glance may seem strange to some, but it's really great. (Reading "anonymous" His comments on Jason Alexander's performance made me sick). In fact, his performer literally steals the show. Like Albert, he mixes his own unique blend of manic nervousness with the charm of Dick Van Dyke-esque to create a new and improved Albert. The fact that he can dance and sing as if no one does business or hurts. George Wendt is another point of view that improves Paul Lynde's take on Harry McAffe, making him less maniac and more on Earth and strictly. The whole character and body language screamed "over my dead body." Marc Kudisch takes Conrad Birdie's Elvis look to new heights with the subtle insertion of a "thank you very much" in "Sincerly Honest." His physicality, however, returns more to young Elvis, then to Conrad, full of bloat, terrified by the original film. The fact is that this film differs so much from the original film (which added to the happy faces, the speed turtles and the Russian ballet!) What did any of them do with Bye, Bye Birdie, I wonder? The only possible advantage of the original version is Ann Margret. Otherwise, updating is better in any way possible. If the old version cuts many songs and enhances dance breaks where it was not needed (and for all purposes and purposes ended the movie in the middle of the song), the new version restored the original musical score and added a few things we ("A giant step" being standout in that category). We know that I live in the moments of trial, but if you want to get your mind off your problems and make a happy face, then it is one that deserves to be checked.
