This movie is one of the best shorts I've ever seen - and as I made a point of being at all major film festivals, I've seen a lot, especially about what the industry considers "the most good". I'm not a fan of Monaghan. His action tends to be exaggerated and uninteresting for me, his only decent performance being in Lost, so I generally try to avoid his films. However, I saw this at a film festival a few years ago and was completely moved. This director really knows what he is doing. Of course, you will get the winners (or just the ignorant people) who do not understand what a good film is and travel to low budget work because they have no idea what it was about. Fortunately, from what I saw, they are in the minority when it comes to this precious stone. Let us not deny that the film was not working on a budget, and that some actors could still use work, because it is certainly true. The amount of production is very small, but what can you expect for a first real movie from someone still in high school? Pretend for a moment that the budget does not matter. If you take a little action, the sound quality (which actually was not the director's fault, I saw it at a festival and the sound was fine ... I guarantee anyone who made the DVD itself deceived), and the fact that was shot on mini-DV, what's left? The story, the visual composition and the soul of the film, which are undeniably unbeatable. Nanavati can tell a story. This is clear. She can write heavy scripts of substance, better than most people in Hollywood, to create a list that perfectly compliments that story and bring it to life in a fascinating and creative way that could have won prizes. Give it more experienced actors, better sound post-production and 35 mm instead of mini-DV, and even the winches could not complain. This girl is incredible, and since Insomniac was made a few years ago, she did an amazing job. An Angel's Dream Trailer shows that, and I can not wait to see what the budget stuff has done more. 9/10 stars, this is a cute film by a director.
