First of all, someone mentioned here that because it was released in a "limited" quantity, it means it should be bad ... exactly what Hollywood studios "The Big Five" would like everyone to think to be able to "pass" or "ignore" characteristics that are not desirable without losing their face or imagining through their direct censorship. to the point, this production was launched "limited" because it is considered "non-patriotic" by some individuals. Now I absolutely loved this feature; it seems to me much better than Charlie Wilson's War, even if it's a "fictitious" account of something that never happens but is always so REQUIRED. This is addressed to everyone and to everyone interested or affected by US current foreign policies "" or "on board". the country of "turakistan" and "emerald town" are definitely trying to resemble Iraq and Baghdad, as well as the Tamerlane corporation for haliburton (with Dick Cheney, vice-president Dan Aykroyd playing LOL). a quiet moment, in fact, in which the film IS SERIOUS, not really sarcastic (the main example would be how John Cusack's character deals with depression but not only). <br /> <br /> We have found that ALL characters can be related to something / someone or specific stereotypes. now the word of counsel; if you are not politically active, especially with regard to "globalization" issues, you probably will not enjoy this feature because most of its content and inside "jokes" target certain " personalities "that are not" visible "on a daily basis ... (the main exception is Hilary Duff, who plays the famous materialist materialist pop, must I say the name (S)?). at CORE, the feature is a show of anti-globalization, period. the message is relegated unmistakably with comical revenge. Joan has a line at a point that goes like this: "And here we have a book written by you you know who, about how we conquered the world and solved problems with my father" .PRICELESS))) /> sister and brother Cusacks plays well together, as always, as in "Grosse PointeBlank", I would say a little more "mature". Marisa Tomeihere did not show her ass and breasts to "impress" us (as she did recently "Before the devil knows you are dead"), but instead has a very serious role and manages to silence him. Many critics do not understand (can not, or do not want to). this film is NOT a "regular" movie, but more like a comic documentary. this feature comes to give a message and not to receive Oscars, or to have "visual" a way to get the spectator to buy the latest "HDTV experiences" TVs ... I even noticed in my local newspapers that this movie becomes bad re - because it is not "artistic", while the war films from PRO Iraq are taking great steps to be apparently "balanced" and "hired". She asks how much the media in the world is concentrated in the hands of a group of boys. .. I bet that this feature will prove an overseas coup, much more than it will do in North America. as we mentioned earlier, it is a satire about US foreign policy and how it was hijacked by special interest groups ... having the "ordinary" American soldier bearing the Tamerlane body logo on his fight dress is quite insulting But effective in showing reality as it is, or it will be soon as things go so far. Some MAIN PICTURES: After the "release", the country gets invaded by commercials; a hilarious scene about how future journalists will probably gather "news" ("everything must be better than these xbox bulls")); soldiers dealing with their "frustration"; In general, I do not recommend this "conservative" or "basic" patriots of one kind or another. This feature is not made to reach the "souls minds" of the mass propaganda people and commercial interests always try to do so). Instead of containing a well-defined message for realists and some ideological goals apparently "always" unrealized.
