Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is an assassin for the CIA. He is forced to go to the land of Turaquistan, a nation that the United States has "liberated" and killed a businessman named Omar Shariff. This is because the Tamerlane US conglomerate, who puts the country back together, will not agree with Shariff, an oil man from a neighboring state who sets his own pipeline through the war-torn Turquoise. But once, Brand faces difficulties. One, meets a determined journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei), who wants to tell the American audience the "true" story of the conflict in the region ... and Tamerlane. But Brand is keen to realize that Natalie's beautiful face and sharp mind pushes them instantly and unconsciously to focus on her mission. Also, his cover as the commercial host forces him to meet the country pop singer, Yonica (Hillary Duff), who will marry the convention center. She is a young diva whose wedding arrangement also the Brand attention away from the assassination comes. With other failures and complications, Brand will be able to fulfill his mission, for the satisfaction of Tamerlane's big boss, former vice president (Dan Ackroyd)? Good for you, John Cusack, to make this movie, even if it's not good enough. Shot in Serbia, is a worthy glance at what Iraq must be today, a country turned upside down. In a stroke a brilliance, the green area here is called the "Emerald City" and properly, because this Oz-like neighborhood is trying to take into account the ravages of the war that are happening elsewhere in the metropolis. The cast is very good, and Cusack does a nice job, and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others support him in style. Duff, in particular, makes a great move as a highly acclaimed, highly-made singer. Baghdad recreation is so real that it suffers, while costumes and other production values ​​are of prime importance. As for the scenario, it is not always coherent, but it certainly has tremendous dialogue and scenes. For example, a young Turaqui boy offers to show Brand an enemy hiding place in exchange for money and candy. The brand produces the money, but because it has no candy, the boy burns his vehicle anyway. Brilliant! Then, too, the direction is not a total success, but it does not stay too often. No, if you have conservative inclinations, you probably do not like this movie a bit. But if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical vision of the "war on terror", it is a good show. So make an effort to view it because you will support those movie makers who choose to make movies away from the old "studio" formulas.
