This weekend of July 4, it is encouraging to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence in Life and Well in the movie "War, Inc." Just as our founding fathers gave him the collective part to King George III's hand, this film exposes hilarious manner of war that took advantage of the current harvest of capitalism that plans to privatize the government indecisively, including the privatization of the war. <br /> <br /> The distribution in this satire shines absolutely. John Cusack is awesome as a corrupt assassin in conflict, and beautiful Marisa Tomei is as gorgeous as his love. (George, George Costanza was right, Marisa Tomei is so attractive!) But it's John Joan Cusack's sister, who really steals the movie. Her representation of a boss, but at the same time siphophantic, personal assistant is invaluable, and many times we could not help laughing at the glow of her performance. She does not have only fantastic comic programming, her face is just as expressive as you can ever want to be in an actor. Dan Ackroyd also has a short but very effective film in the role of the head of the war-leading company, Tamerlane Corporation. Sitting on a throne with his trousers down around his ankles, Ackroyd even looks like an assault clown that currently occupies one of our real throne of power. You will not have to think too much about recognizing that person. Much of this film was filmed in Bulgaria, which is why we are able to see so many real military equipment. (You only know that the US Army would never have cooperated in making this satirical exposition of warfare). I was especially pleased with the character "Omar Sharif," performed by Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov. In a scene on the dance floor with Marisa Tomei, she has a few lines that could sum up our foreign policy attitude to the foreign leaders we set up - and uninstall - in power. , this film will not appeal to everyone. If you think that the ongoing privatization of our foreign policy, the collection and analysis of military, intelligence and penitentiaries, the correction system, public health and a multitude of other government services is a good thing, this film. But if you think that destroying people and countries to add to the bottom line of a corporation is an abomination, I think you will find a lot to appreciate in this movie. Nothing could be more in keeping with the Spirit of Independence that brings a well-deserved ridicule on corrupt powers.
