The film of this film may not be extraordinary, but what makes the film really special is its characters (and the actors who play it, of course!). I'm not going to get into the details of the film plot, but I'm sure I'd like to say that? This movie is not just for everyone! The movie is really full of spirit and you have to be just as smart to get all the satire. If you are not alert even for a second, you will probably end up losing one of the subtle points. The film is full of seemingly trivial but moody things - such as ads in the background in Turaqistan, advertisements on tanks (which we have almost lost), and these are the ones that make hilarious movie all over the world. He came to the actors, John Cusack played his very multi-faceted role very effectively (what with him being co-writer and producer too) and he plays his character? Hauser, the heart killer? wonderful. Cusack played a similar role in Grosse Pointe Blank, but his comical layout in the movie is simply superb. However, the actress who steals the show is Hilary Duff! I've always been a big fan of Mrs. Duff. But to be honest, I was a little disappointed when I heard about her role in the film. But after watching the film, disappointment gave rise to a great respect for her as an actor. Let's face it! The baby is growing, but yes, the same is her talent! All those critics, who shouted that Hilary could not act, would be silent for a while. Hilary had to play a very complex character? tough on the outside, but a sweet baby on the inside? and she was right. Does it make you laugh and make you cry? to cut short story (because I could go to give it eternity) is BRILLIANT! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack did a good job. In particular, Joan's hysteria is angry! However, I was rather disappointed that Ben Kingsley was wasted in such a small role and his performance seemed devoid of scale. In general, War, Inc. keeps you on your toes with clever humor and ends with just the right amount of twists in the plot. I would recommend this movie to all (and more to Hilary Duff fans) !!! P.S. - I am very happy to hear that the film will be released from the limited release and will soon be released in other places!
