In this satirist of war trading and revenge, John Cusack plays Brand Hauser, an assassin sent to "Turaqistan" to take Omar Sharif, who is doing oil business, which will cause problems for the former US Vice President. In addition, Hauser has to juggle his false position as a show producer, a wedding for pop princess Yonica (Hillary Duff) and a liberal journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei). technical aspects: <br /> <br /> - The actor (at least by the main characters) was good, as expected. Some of John Cusack's dialogues were not obviously written for him, because he often seemed uncomfortable to say so. . . maybe unrealistic is more accurate. Joan has done extraordinary and often hilarious performance. Marisa Tomei, while I was never a great fan of her, was more than fit for the role and worked well. Hillary Duff, however, was quite terrible. They needed an eastern eastern eastern pop (or Russian, or any other accent should have been). Unfortunately, they went 0 to 3 with her. - As I said above, the writing seemed a bit stiff and inappropriate, especially in John Cusack's dialogue. Not too much, mind, but some. The story has also become a little bit absurd at points, which is good for a satiety at one point, but it has taken it to a whole new level here. Fortunately, Cusacks and Tomei retain a relatively calm and calm behavior, making it a beautiful blend of film madness and actor's daze. Joshua Seftel, who previously had a drought of real credit to his name, did a good job with a rather broad film. He managed very well the small budget ($ 10 million), stretching it to make it look much more. Seftel also succeeded in combining the humor of the story. . . with the painful and hard-to-follow parts of the real war (including the slaughter of civilians, etc.). - With regard to general satire, its exaggerated look at the commercialization of the war is very well done, especially Golden Palace Poker ads from US tanks. In moments, it gets a little too much, but ultimately it's just a portrayal of what's happening to a young guy like "Mel Brooks." Generally, the movie is very well done for the low budget and is certainly worthy of a look. It will not fall as one of the great satiors of cinema, but it certainly is not the worst.
