Joshua Seftel's first film - a memorable satire - is just as the title suggests: "The Impact of Corporations on the War". The film is about a mercenary (John Cusack) who travels to Turaqistan (not a real country, fyi) to help the US government "send its message" to the Turaqistan leaders. He meets a reporter (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will happen to a single man + a hot reporter. Somewhere in the mix, a pop star named Yonica Babyyeah is thrown in. As Yonica marries one of Turaquistan's most important people (a son of the president), a subplot is created in which the mercenary has to oversee this star somewhat. The film starts with a lonely Cusack in a bar; no more than fifteen seconds later, the movie hits you. With a fun and intriguing look at terrorism and politics, the movie's running time blows from you. The film has many more actions than I expected, with the occasional war scene, well-choreographed fights, and only sporadic murder scenes. Though the story is not too deep, the simplicity of this makes the movie perfect for both the common man and the film critics. In the final act of the film, the simplicity of this is turning very hostile and pitiful. I thought it was executed very well, but others can not agree, and I could understand why. Twist after twist is what ends up and, like most movies, is a real blow / loss situation. Regardless, the three film writers (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser & John Cusack) have done a fantastic job creating a realistic and fun satire in today's foreign situation. Joshua Seftel does an excellent job of assuring film integrity; without reducing the material to the most redundant film (which I was afraid to happen). Seftel made the film as perfect as it could: it created a vibrant atmosphere, one that analyzes both the harsh reality and the cartoon falsities; - their perfect contrast - and make the movie feel as if you were looking at everything. Seftel really involves you in all the actions and is fully paid. There are no mistakes here. Luckily, he takes over several director positions, because he is a director to look at.
