Deanna Durbin, Nan Gray and Barbara Read are "Three Intelligent Faces" in the 1936 Universal Film, which introduces Deanna Durbin to the cinema audience. She also sees Ray Milland, Mischa Auer, Charles Winninger, John King, Binnie Barnes and Alice Brady. It's a sweet story about three young women who now live in Switzerland with their divorced mother who hear that their father (Winninger) is marrying again. They did not see him in 10 years and knowing that their mother still loves him, embarking on a ship in America with the help of the household / nurse, determined to stop the wedding. Realizing that the intention, called "Precious" (Barnes) is nothing but a gold monk assisted and supported by her mother (Brady), they arrange for her to be presented to a rich count. This is arranged by their father's accountant (king). The man he chooses is a drunk beat (Auer), but the girls mistake him for a large number of people (Milland). What a mess. This is a delightful film that does not create or suggestive, with some beautiful shows, especially Auer, Milland, Barnes and Brady. Young women are beautiful and they all do a good job. The focus, of course, is on the young Durbin, who is a natural actress and a well-trained singer. In fact, her voice as a young man is far more than she would be like an adult - she has no problems with the big notes, as she did later because she put too much weight in the middle of her voice. She plays a delightful "Il Bacio" in a police station. One of the most beautiful things about the movie is to see the father played by Charles Winninger, I do not want his kids around - until he sees them and knows them. Barnes as a gold digger is not so young, but the girl's mother looks higher up there, so perhaps the older man looks for his youth with a younger and brighter woman. In fact, he finds the young man he's looking for in his daughters. Universal gives Durbin the big star - here's the end of the movie. Ray Milland was paying his taxes at the moment, and it would probably be a surprise even for the fans of the film, how young and attractive he is. Very fun and, of course, this has led to a sequel and a great story for Deanna.
