Deanna Durbin, at the age of 14 and only under contract with MGM, made a short feature in 1936, pairing it with Judy Garland, a younger year, in the first film for the two. Louis B. Mayer then decided that he did not need two competing singers, bet Garland and let Durbin go. Universal immediately signed Durbin, hurried her to Three Smart Girls and rewrote the script to support her side. It is charged the last time, but with the printing equivalent of neon lights around her name. Universal was convinced that Durbin was a jammer and that they were right. Three Smart Girls is less of a music and more of a screw comedy, and Durbin, 15, when the movie was released, bears it with aplomb. She is Penny Craig, and she and her older sisters, Joan and Kay, are determined to rescue their father, who divorced his mother, from the claws of an elegant gold digger with a ferocious mother. They speak from Switzerland, where they live, in New York, where their father lives. They intend not only to divide their father's wedding, but to reunite their father with their mother who, after ten years of distance, still loves the boy. Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing a song or two in her hot and bold soprano? Not. Is there any doubt that the girls will succeed ... with Kay and Joan finding love and matrimonial material along the way? Not again. A few years later, Durbin was quoted as saying he can not continue to play Miss Fixit forever. She was right, of course, but in "Three Smart Girls," her first feature film, she has a little Miss Fixit. Durbin is fun, determined, inventive, energetic and, of all things, natural. Her personality is so authentic that it makes this comedy - a combination of farce, confusion, good intentions, and joyful joy - truly loved. <br /> <br /> Durbin bears the film easily. It's a lot of fun watching Binnie Barnes stop as Donna Lyon, the woman with the hooks in Penny's rich father, played by Charles Winninger, was no avenge. Alice Brady, who performed the dithering matrix in "The Man My Godfrey," interprets Donna Lyons's mother, who is even more a gold digger than her daughter. The last of the farms made is Ray Milland as Lord Michael Stuart, who, through a controversial and funny mix, is confused with Mischa Auer. <br /> <br /> The three smart faces deal with a light and fun comedy, manners and mixes. Deanna Durbin is also a new star, who, with her huge success, has saved Universal's bacon.
