Deanna Durbin has truly saved Universal Bankruptcy and allowed her to remain a big studio. Until the mid-30s, most of the major directors who were at Universal eg Milestone, Browning and Wyler left. Only James Whale remained, but his prestigious films were behind him. Deanna and Judy Garland appeared in a short "Every Sunday" and Garland was initially suggested for Penny's role in Three Smart Girls. When Garland was not available, Universal switched to Durbin. Originally she was certainly a supporting player, but her potential was so vivid that the script was rewritten to make her star. Directed by Henry Koster, the film had a European touch. The film starts with a beautiful panorama of a lake in "Switzerland". The three intelligent faces of the title - three sisters, Joan (Nan Gray), Kay (Barbara Read), and Penny (Deanna Durbin) strolled with Penny giving her glorious voice "My Heart sings". Everything is not good on the front - their father plans to remarry a younger woman (Binnie Barnes), so the three girls, with their help (Lucille Watson), decide to go to New York and reunite her with their mother. Lucille Watson is best remembered for her role as Robert Taylor's mother in "Waterloo Bridge" (1941). Donna is a golden monk who, along with her crazy mother (Alice Brady), marries Judson Craig (Charles Winninger). For someone who does not have the film experience, Deanna is wonderful as Penny, an ordinary, boring sister with an excited child and as beautiful as a picture. When you sing "Someone to Take Care of Me" to her father, you will melt - what a glorious voice she had. It also has one of the funniest lines in the movie. When her father consoles her with "I'm taking you to the zoo tomorrow," she says, "Oh, I see pretty monkeys around!" With the help of Bill Evans (John King), they decide to hire a "Count" (Mischa Auer) to tell Donna. They arrange to meet at a nightclub, but thanks to a mix, Lord Stuart (Ray Milland) is confused with the count and Donna falls for him (she thinks she owns half of Australia!) The plan revolves while falling for Kay and Donna want to speed up his marriage to Judson. Penny decides to take things in her hands and run away. She is taken to the local police station, where her police officers bless her interpretation of "Il Bacio" (trying to convince her that she is a young opera singer.) Everything ends happily with their mother (Nella Walker) things with their father and in the meantime, Donna gets acquainted with the false count (Mischa Auer) and goes to Australia with him. Highly recommended.
