I'm surprised by the poster comments that Jane Powell made the same type of movies that Deanna Durbin did. Although they were so young sopranos whose film footage was made by Joe Pasternak, if this film is any indication, they were almost opposed to the polar. <br /> <br /> While in three SMART girls, Durbin plays an impulsive "Little Miss Fixit," which, after some obstacles, manages to reunite her parents divorced in semi-remake three girls TEMERARY , Jane Powell almost destroys the marriage between the screen with her mother Jeanette MacDonald and a new stepfather José Iturbi when she refuses to accept and the strong arms of her younger brothers also reject it. From the Durbin and Powell films I've seen, I would say that these disparate qualities penetrate the first films of the two young talented artists. As for Durbin's performance in THREE SMART GIRLS, I find it totally winning and more impressive. Although it is clear of them, occasional, strident and over-accented line readings in some of the more energetic scenes as this is an early film for Deanna, we forget about the effervescent way-self-confidence, knowledge and naturalness in which she offers her lines and as a whole, and how she designs the more serious scenes, you would never have guessed it was the FIRST film role of a 14 year old girl whose previous professional experience consisted of almost exclusively two years of vocal training . <br /> <br /> Considering that this film, and Durbin herself, were much more publicized at that time as Universal's last chance, production must have been an unstable situation for a novice film of any age, I never know of the ease and safety that Durbin displays on the screen. Although it is clearly still developing its style, it also acts in front of the camera (this was equally true of the much more experienced contemporary performances such as Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell) Durbin projects an extraordinary presence and warmth on the room that is absolutely unique to her, and even here, in her first film, she manages to remain extremely sympathetic, despite the impulsivity often tempered by her character, and though it is sometimes Strident, she did not for the second projects the Coy and Arc qualities that affected many children's stars, including Jane Powell and some of the other young sopranos who followed her success. In short, like all the great stars to sing, Durbin was much more than a "beautiful voice." On the other hand, while Durbin's pure lyrical soprano is a truly remarkable and glorious instrument, the most remarkable thing about him, for me, was how she is able to project her songs without a bit of or "grandnes" that affect the singing of opera singers such as Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in the movies of the period. The film is also delightful, heavily influenced by the screw comedy, supporting Durbin with a cream of first-class professionals such as Charles Winninger, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. The story is easy and funny. True, it's hardly "realistic," but why would anyone expect it to be? If you want: rent "realistic" GRAPES OF LAND or TRIUMPH OF LIFE. On the other hand, if you are looking for a genuine, sweet, fun and fun comedy, with a wonderful, talented and talented teenager and terrific support, this film will not disappoint you.
