The paradoxes of time are the devil's trap for the underdeveloped mind. It's fun to think in a "what if?" a sort of way. Movie makers and authors have been busy this time and again in a series of movies and televisions, including: Star Trek: First Contact, the "Back to the Future" trilogy, Bill and Ted's Extreme Adventure, "Groundhog Day" Stargate SG1 tribute, "Opportunity window". Heinlein, "All You Zombies," has been written for decades and will continue to change people who read this story for the first time. In the case of Terry Gilliam's excellent film, "12 Monkeys," it's hard to figure out what might be the continuity issues with plotting elements that would make us rethink our conception of the film. Repeated views will lead us to different conclusions if we keep an open mind. Some, seeing the film for the first time, will consider Cole, played by Bruce Willis, as schizophrenic. Most will see Cole as a man disturbed by what Adams describes as "the continuous perpetuation of the experience" that he visits over time. Unlike other stories about time travel, "12 Monkeys" do not know whether future history can be changed by manipulating past events. Cole tells psychiatrist Railly (Madeleine Stowe) that time can not be changed, but a phone call he makes from the airport is intercepted by scientists after being sent in 1996 in his personal time line. > Even this could be interpreted as an event that had to happen in a single time universe to ensure that the temporal line is not altered ... Cole must die in front of his eyes lower for fate to be achieved. In this case, time is like a fluid, always finding its own level or path, regardless of the external forces working on it. It hinders my mind to do too much. If you can change future events that then guide the actions of those with the power to send people back in time, as we see the plan at the end of the movie, then does that mean that the future can be changed by manipulating past events ... or not? The film probably led to a lot of drunken beats at bars frequented by physicists and mathematicians. The bonus material on DVD makes for a very interesting viewing. Gilliam has been pressured more than normal to bring the film under the budget, which is not a special surprise after the Munchausen disaster and in the light of his attempt to film Don Quixote. I would love to do "documenting" as one of the most interesting I've ever seen. It certainly does not have any whitening effect and notices exactly the difficulties and occasional conflicts that arise between the creative people involved. Gilliam's description of the film as the sixth fifteenth edition of the film, written by writers outside him - and therefore not his "film" - does not make the movie right. <br /> <The Goines image of Brad Pitt is curious, although his character is not particularly sympathetic. Keep a watchful eye on the wall in one of the asylum scenes. It is a disturbance and distraction. Perhaps a coincidence, Louis Armstrong's song "What a Wonderful World" was used at the end of the two "12 Monkeys" and in the last episode of the TV series "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy." Both the movie and the television series included British actor Simon Jones. "12 Monkeys" is a science fiction tale that will be fun in the same way that the mental stimulation of a chess game can be fun. It's not a mind-blowing recreation, that's for sure.
