The paradoxes of time are the devil's trap for the underdeveloped mind. It's fun to think in a "what if?" a sort of way. Movie makers and authors have been busy this time and again in a series of movies and televisions, including: Star Trek: First Contact, the "Back to the Future" trilogy, Bill and Ted's Extreme Adventure, "Groundhog Day" Stargate SG1 tribute, "Opportunity window". Heinlein, "All You Zombies," has been written for decades and will continue to change people who read this story for the first time. In the case of Terry Gilliam's excellent film, "12 Monkeys," it's hard to figure out what might be the continuity issues with plotting elements that would make us rethink our conception of the film. Repeated views will lead us to different conclusions if we keep an open mind. Some, seeing the film for the first time, will consider Cole, played by Bruce Willis, as schizophrenic. Most will see Cole as a man disturbed by what Adams describes as "the continuous perpetuation of the experience" that he visits over time. Unlike other stories about time travel, "12 Monkeys" do not know whether future history can be changed by manipulating past events. Cole tells psychiatrist Railly (Madeleine Stowe) that time can not be changed, but a phone call he makes from the airport is intercepted by scientists after being sent in 1996 in his personal time line. > Even this could be interpreted as an event that had to happen in a single time universe to ensure that the temporal line is not altered ... Cole must die in front of his eyes lower for fate to be achieved. In this case, time is like a fluid, always finding its own level or path, regardless of the external forces working on it. It hinders my mind to do too much. If you can change future events that then guide the actions of those with the power to send people back in time, as we see the plan at the end of the movie, then does that mean that the future can be changed by manipulating past events ... or not? The film has probably led to a lot of drunken battles at bars frequented by physicists and mathematicians
