"Twelve Monkeys" is strange and disturbing, but being so intelligent and intelligent at the same time. He jumps smartly between the future and the past, and the story he's talking about is about a man called James Cole, a convict who is sent back in the past to gather information about a man-made virus that destroyed 5 billion of the human population on the planet 1996. At first Cole was sent back in 1990 accidentally, and unfortunately he was taken to a mental institution where he tried to explain his purpose and where he meets a psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly who is trying to help him and a patient called Jeffrey Goines, the crazy son of a famous scientist. Being provocative and somewhat so sensitive, dealing with rationality and madness, the film is a masterpiece defined in the history of science fiction films. The story is fantastic. It's so original and so fun. The script himself written by David and Janet Peoples is inspired by a movie called "La Jetée" (1962) that I have not seen, but I must thank film director and screenwriter Chris Marker for offering such inspiration to the writers " of the twelve monkeys. " I read a little about La Jetée, it's not the same story, but it has the same idea, so it's not just a copy of it. David and the Janet People have transformed this great source of inspiration into a modernized story that tells of this urgent need for people to find a solution for maintaining human existence and makes it so beautiful and realistic that it's a walk guaranteed by enthusiasm from beginning to end. The music used in the movie is strange and funny and funny that it does not really fit until you get it and when you realize it's so compelling, composed by Paul Buckmaster. Terry Gilliam, whom we recall from Monty Python as the director of the film, was a real surprise to me because I never thought of him as a type of director of a person . I know he directed movies before, but I could not believe he could do something so magnificent. But it should not be a surprise, because it does an amazing job. You still feel the same strangeness as in Python, but for me the direction is quite impeccable, though in the weird way of describing things, it also makes some odd disturbing scenes. Yes, it's really weird, strange, bizarre and disturbing, so it makes the film too hard, so poor viewers will find it hard to watch the film all the way. It's not as hard to imagine, but it only has certain things that, for their own purpose, are sometimes quite severe to look at. In spite of this, the film has this pure intelligence inside and flashbacks, dreams, jumps between the past and the future, mixes the whole story in a very intelligent way, and does not even make the plot dirty in any part, though there is a need for focus from the viewer, after all. What comes to acting, well, the movie does not even go wrong there. James Cole's role is played by the powerful Bruce Willis, who probably has the best performance to date. Now people can not agree with me because it did a good job, like "The Sixth Sense", but for me James Cole's role was so ideal for Willis and he's doing it incredibly well. The character is very well written, but even better. Cole begins to question his own existence and takes care of himself, beginning to question his real life, trying to survive and find the crucial missing piece of the puzzle. Through hardships he begins to lose faith, wondering if he can even trust or believe. Other role interpretations worth mentioning are the performances of Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt. Stow plays Kathryn Railly, James Cole's psychiatrist, who sees something strangely familiar with Cole and decides to help him deal with his madness. She somehow begins to believe Cole's story, but as a believer in science she tries to find solutions through her and tries to deal with reason when it comes to unbelievable things. Brad Pitt is so good in the role of Jeffrey Goines and also has one of the best performing performances to date. The crazy and yet hilarious character of the character brought Pitt an Oscar nomination, so I think I do not praise honest facts for anything. Overall, "Twelve Monkeys" is a great science-fiction experience and will certainly be a recommendation for everyone, especially for science fiction fans. It includes brilliant characters and superb role performances, especially by Willis and Pitt, as well as an original and fun story that makes such a clever and clever plot. However, already mentioned already strange and disturbing, it catches the attention of the viewer carefully, making it interesting and full of witchcraft. It's also an explosive thriller and has romance in it, so everything is in the same package and that makes it one of the best scenic movies I've ever seen. Through Terry Gilliam's strange but terrible vision, he manages to maintain balance, despite a somewhat strange, but somewhat stable, journey. It's hard to explain, but it is, the mind blows.
