The story of this movie is truly remarkable. A virus was abolished and only 1% of the human race survived. The only thing we know now is that the animals lead the land above and there are posters everywhere that say, "The twelve monkeys did it." True, the human race had to hide underground from the disease that killed over 500 billion people. It seems that animals do not contract this disease. Day by day the present researcher is trying to find out what kind of illness he has caused; how it was created; if nature did, or a mere human being had made it. All I know is that there are a bunch of animals moving around a city above them, deaths started between 1996-1997 and twelve monkeys have to do with it. (Or at least that's what the poster is displaying.) So an actual condemned named James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent as a "volunteer" to get some samples upstairs. After doing his "voluntary" work, he is asked to be sent back in time until 1996 to figure out what happened to the world. Cole accepts and begins the story of the twelve monkeys. Throughout the story, the car has been getting the wrong data a few times since 1990, so far in the 1950s. (In a means of war.) Over time, traveling back and forth, starts to mess it up James on the head and twist the story. The whole story is very well done and I would like to give it a bigger note if it were not the end. I personally did not like the end of the movie and I was very disappointed. I was expecting an explanation to end more than it happened, but not exactly who thinks like that. So I gave her 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as I did, I would give her a 6 or 7. For the whole action of the movie, I give her an A +. Bruce Willis is great for this role and he works well, but Brad Pitt is 100% excellent. His acting is so great that he gets into character so well. I never liked Brad Pitt until I saw him in this fight club. There are characters or similar in this movie, he is just a little more ... crazy in this movie. So, on the whole, I think this movie deserves to be verified. For most people, it's a great science-fiction movie, I just do not think it's a masterpiece.
