I can not decide if this is one of my favorite movies. It's a good thriller and has an emotional core but still can not decide. Surely I liked it. This is Terry Gilliam's first movie I've seen. My first impression? I've been hired to the end and it's not that complex (be confused). The movie is set in the future. A man James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent from the future to get some information from the past (1996 to be specific). A virus killed 5 billion people. He is sent out of the future to get information about him. Also involved here is a psychiatrist called Kathryn Railly. The love story is portrayed beautifully and you can truly feel the desire in this love and desire for a normal life. Free heads are linked in a very interesting way at the end of the year. One thing I liked about this film is that, unlike other post-apocalyptic films, the film did not want to offer any socially boring commentary and focus instead on this guy and his desire for a normal life. "You want to see the ocean, to be with it" is especially a shot in this movie. Choose to focus on tension and confusion in the person's mind. Therefore, this film is not even post-apocalyptic, but can be described as a romantic film, with themes ranging from time travel to blurry realities, and so on. This is what makes this movie a special movie from the '90s. The complex plot flows smoothly without adding too many characters. The performances are pretty good. Bruce Willis surprised me here because he did not act on the habitually tough guy but gave a good performance to a confused man who is in love. His despair in certain sequences is portrayed nicely. I have to check his other movies. The wonderful Madeleine Stowe is a great treatment to watch. Since I've seen this movie, I've become so obsessed with it. She gave a great performance to a woman who sympathizes with her patient and eventually falls in love with him. Brad Pitt is the real surprise, but portrayed by a madman named Jeffrey Goines. His Oscar-nominated performance is quite surprising, given that he does not have many critics who have good words for him. The end is pretty refreshing and this is another reason to watch the movie. The length or complexity is not such a big problem, because this movie moves pretty fast and there are plenty of incidents that prevent those interested. And every incident in this movie makes sense and nothing is there that is not necessary. Thriller bun 10/10
