NB: Spoilers in. This great movie is "about" so many things, all with success: science fiction travel, unstable psychologies, dystopian society, the syndrome that is real, gradual undermining of belief systems, international bioterrorism, and a love story. The twists and turns of the twisted time line of the story cause countless debates - listen to the discussions on this site; or, as an extreme, examine the dissertation at www.mjyoung.net/time/monkeys.html. Wow! Such a temporal accent speaks especially about the brilliant plot, coming from the magnificent work of writers David and Janet Peoples, not to mention the inspiration of Chris Marker's "La Jetee". Undoubtedly, this is one of the most successful and fascinating travel-time movies ever conceived. But there are many other levels that talk here. The real genius of the film is to focus on the ugly side effects of time travel in the mind of James Cole (Bruce Willis, who makes the best work of his career here). His journey progresses from the gung-hunt warrior to the gradual hunt, and again. The other end of the story is putting more and more personal stories between James and Dr. Kathryn Railly (the wonderful Madeleine Stowe). I like the simultaneous change / opposition views of these two characters. For me it all comes to a head in the scene of the hotel room fleabag. By this point, James? once compelled by an unwavering determination? now sinks into a total doubt about its own reality; while Dr. Railly? the cool and rational scientist? finally became convinced, after absorbing James's evidence of his horrible predictions. Her desperation to reach James and to remain on the mission shows how far she has come. Gilliam makes us care about these characters, especially through the crescendo of the tension that binds their lives. The balance between the role of the emotional coaster and the sci-fi puzzle / thriller is special. And the disadvantage of the airport is useless of heart, because we see it coming so clearly through James's dreams. Is he here, right after James decided to give up all the misery? and fight his madness more than ever? that he returns to the plate and does what is necessary for humanity. See Jose and the gun ?? (Just before that, references to Hitchcock's "Vertigo" and confrontation / confusion of identity are brilliant.) This is a film that must be eliminated between people's thinking; not only are they under repeated eyes but ask them. "Twelve Monkeys" is a smart, challenging, bizarre, funny and suspense thing. The support distribution is excellent, especially since Brad Pitt steals all of his scenes and shows great flexibility as Jeffery Goines, crazy and spoiled, but ever surviving. And there's David Morse as Dr. Peters (interesting as the movie just leaves the viewer behind his bad motivation) and Christopher Plummer as Dr. Goines. But the biggest prizes belong to Terry Gilliam, surpassing - just barely - his "Brazil" excellence. (A lot of parallels, of course, especially the lone fighter trying to get rid of his broken surroundings: weakness inside, weakness without.) Each frame of this film has its own stamp and tone. The soundtrack is also terrible. This is one of the great achievements of the 1990s, a true favorite of mine, and it will surely last for a long time.
