Normally, I try to avoid Sci-Fi movies as much as I can because this is not a genre that truly appeals to me. Lights of swords, UFOs, aliens, time travel ... most of the time it's nothing for me. However, there is a film of the kind I will always give a place in my top movie list and this is "Twelve Monkeys." I remember being completely amazed of it the first time, but even now, had been seen several times, are still one of his biggest fans. Every time I see this movie seems to improve even better. Somewhere in the distant future, all people live underground, because an unknown and deadly virus wiped out five billion people in 1996, leaving only 1% of the living population. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner who lives in a small cage and is chosen as a "volunteer" to be sent back in time to gather information about the origin of the epidemic. They believe it was spread by a mysterious group called "The Twelve Monkeys" and needs the virus before moving so scientists can study it. But their car while traveling does not work perfectly and is accidentally sent in 1990, where Dr Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist, meets and Jeffrey Goines, the mad son of a scientist and famous experts ... <br / > <br /> What I like so much about this movie is that it's never clear if everything you see is real or not. Is this just an illusion created in the mind of a mentally ill person or is it real? Did he really come from the future and maybe he really travels in time? Was the population really erased by a virus released by the army of the twelve monkeys? These are all questions that will let you ask from start to finish. If the producers of this film had chosen to make everything more obvious, I'm sure I would never have liked it as much as I did now. Only that mystery keeps me interested in time. But that's not the only good thing about this movie, of course. The actor is also amazing. Normally, I'm not too much a fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did in this movie was just amazing. Together with Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt, she should have won several awards because, along with the stunning story, they made this movie so incredibly well. Even after a few views, I'm still a big fan of this movie. Except for this movie, I just saw another movie by Terry Gilliam and that's "Fear and evil in Las Vegas," which was not bad, but it does not even convince me. However, this movie really makes me look forward to his work. I give it a 9/10, maybe even a 9.5 / 10.
