Terry Gilliam and David Peoples collaborated to create one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction films in the 1990s. Did people prove a scenario with bizarre twists and fantastic ideas about the nature of time? I especially like the idea that the past can not be changed; is a nice counterpoint to so many movies traveling in time, who say otherwise ??? biologists, the biological holocaust, and the thin line between health and madness. Gilliam has imagined his ideas with unique curiosity, perfection and originality. The story itself is committed: a man, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis in a heart heating show) travels several decades in the past to retrieve information about a virus that has wiped out mankind and left only a few survivors in underground life: the information they will collect, the scientists hope to find a remedy so that everyone can get back to the surface. But because their technology traveling over time is not perfect, it gets sent to other pasts and complicating things. For this reason, a brilliant science fiction thriller with noir film nuances is featured as the many pieces of a huge puzzle game that fit together to form a bizarre narrative involving animal rights activists, the end of the millennium, biological weapons , the perception of reality the definition of sanction. With such a complex film, it was easy for Gilliam and the people to create a mess, but instead, twelve monkeys are a thought-provoking narrative that will please those who like to be challenged and have the patience to appreciate some crazy ideas. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie once 10 years ago. It marked me a lot: I remember thinking many days later; for my young mind this seemed quite mind-blowing and was one of the first films that made me appreciate cinema as something serious and important. I've been watching this movie a few days ago on DVD and it's better than I remembered. Brad Pitt still steals all the scenes they are in, playing Jeffrey Goines? almost a prelude to Tyler Durden's character in the Fight Club? a rich child with some anarchist / nonconformist ideas that is also crazy and, according to Cole, probably responsible for the virus. The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in madness are the best in the movie, Pitt's eyes, the strange voice and manner make you think he's really a crazy guy locked in a deformed logic that only he understands. Oscar nomination for Oscar was well worth it! Surprisingly, Bruce Willis's performance: I do not remember very well, but it's beautiful and full of sensitivity; he plays a man who has spent almost all his life in the underground, and when he comes in the past, you will share your childhood fascination with something as simple as the breath of the fresh air of the morning or the sun. Cole is a rather ambiguous character, the people tried to climb him in the dark and do other things disturbing to other people and his: the scene in which they remove their own teeth shows how far his dementia has vanished. Ironically, Cole did not start like a crazy character, but when he starts to warn everyone about the end of the world, he is considered crazy and convinced that everything is in his mind until he reaches a point where he can not distinguish the past of the future, the reality of fiction. Willis spends a lot of time looking confused and uncertain, and works perfectly. One of the funny levels in the story is when Kathryn Railly's psychologist discovers unquestionable proof that he is really out of the future and now has to convince him again of his mission to save the world. The script is full of strange misinterpretations and keeps the film at a fast pace. Their relationship is also good, though probably a bit compressed for the sake of time. But I liked to see Cole and Railly fall in love and try to escape the authority of the future to live a peaceful life in the past. But then things end up in a tragic / bitter climax at an airport, wrapping all the pieces together, which will throw away many minds. There are two big goals in this movie, a twist in the direction of Se7en or the Wrestling Club, and a more intimate end, in which Railly approaches Cole, who just shot himself and looked around for a young James Cole who assists his own future; the two of them have a quick look and she smiles. Twisting is brilliant, but I prefer this end for an emotional impact. Madeleine Stowe is very good playing Dr. Railly, she has attracted many emotions in her performance. The film is full of a sense of fatalism with the idea that the past can not be changed: this film shows that in a terrible way. Reminds me of Chinatown in this regard, how Jake Gittes beats everything, the more he tries to help. The character of Railly shares the fact that fatalism, the more it tries to help Cole? the first to deal with his "madness", then helping him in his mission? the more they are sucked by tragedy. The twist ends with a hopeful note, however, with the feeling that Cole's mission was not in vain. Twelve monkeys is a great movie to watch if someone wants to have fun; it should not be art, although there are more artists than many artistic films. It's a fantastic movie where all the elements, from music to editing to costume design, etc., gathered nicely to produce a modern cinematic masterpiece.
