Undoubtedly, 12 MONKEYS is one of the best sci-fi movies, and director Terry Gilliam is no stranger to making such cinematic originality. An apocalyptic movie that keeps you completely scared, 12 MONKEYS never lets you guess all the way. The excellent use of Philadelphia locations and netherworld sets creates a Gothic sense of tragedy and two people captured on time in the wrong place. Bruce Willis escapes the image of macho and portrays a truly commendable one that happens to be right all that will happen. He is actually healthy, but the people of the future (or present if you want) distort the head of this guy so badly through time travel, no wonder he is unleashed. He is sent into World War I immediately after Beng sent in the wrong year to find out how the army of the twelve monkeys reveals the annihilation of civilization as we know it. Finally, they are right and in what really is a remarkable scenario to suit the show, we come to Willis, Madeleine Stowe and a Brad Pitt cross-threateningly crossed for six years. Stowe is sensual and solid as the psychiatrist, who slowly tries to realize that Willis can not be as cracked as it may seem. An exciting feature of the relationship between Willis and Willis is their sense of "seeing" one another before, in another place or time. 12 MONKEYS is, in essence, the time and madness that the futuristic world enriches and the times of the present when killers and a psychotic genius can change the world. The city of Philadelphia is a dark and gothic situation for Willis to complete its mission, which, against any usual stereotype in Hollywood, will NOT save the world. Collecting information. The film also plays tricks on the spectator, placing Willis in a new frame at the drop of a pine. This was an extremely difficult picture, but Gilliam seems to be the master of the hot movie. It even fell into a humor that reminds of other great works like TIMP BANDITS and BRAZIL. The screen is this man's canvas, and he knows how to paint a sometimes terrifying image of the world and its possible future in the mainstream atmosphere of high-budget films. If you want frank madness and ironic tragedy, see 12 MONKEYS. RATING: 9 out of 10
