Linear travel in a non-linear structure. It is a fact that the time in 12 monkeys flows in this come-and-go between present, future and past. However, the linearity of the film can not be avoided: it is actually the work of the projector, the unfolding of the narrative. What we see underlining the temporal theme is a reflection on the inevitability of our actions. The world of this film Terry Gilliam is a world with little free space. Right from the beginning, we are informed about schizophrenic prophecy, according to which a plague will lead the Earth in 1997, forcing some survivors to live underground - the only place not affected by the virus. Cole's (Willis) mission is clear: return to the mid-1990s to investigate anyone and anyone related to the release of the virus. There is no way to change the past: all that can be done is to gather information that can help today's scientists (which, for us, viewers, is the future), find the cure. Not to change what happened (the past is inevitable), but to make the present better. In "returning" over time, Cole gradually approaches a striking dilemma: his life in the past is better than his life at present. The latter is dark and dehumanized, controlled by totalitarian scientists who choose "volunteers" (this word is ironically incisive) to engage in trips to the past. <br /> <br /> Scientists have not reached the highest level of accomplishments in time travel, and Cole reaches wrong data - this, later in the plot, will be proof of his health for the psychiatrist Kathryn (Stowe). <br /> <br /> We can see, through the evolution of the story, that linearity and non-linearity intersect in a circular temporality. There is more than one moment when the scene that is the first and ending by being almost the last - and certainly the climatic - appears. It changes, according to the recollection of Cole's memories that come into his dreams. In an airport, a man is shot dead while running, armed, to someone else. A blonde woman runs after the one killed. This is the scene that connects the past (in which Cole is a child visiting the airport with his parents), the present (narrative time) and the future (Cole Adults). Throughout the narrative, Cole has the feeling that he has already experienced the reality he lives now. His prophetic dreams are evidence that it is impossible to escape or to avoid what has happened. The shooting agents prevent him from killing crazy scientist Dr. Peters (Morse), who is responsible for the dissemination of the disease. What could not be changed. And, in Cole's case, what it was is what it will be. Eternal. A movie that is not quite well understood for many. For me, nothing more than a masterpiece. Other good films with the same theme: The Back to the Future Trilogy (which has another angle in terms of the "crazy man" character, and although it shares the atmosphere especially in the second film, it is more optimistic than his work Gilliam, which is a strange Hollywood picture.) In another record, there are "wild strawberries," one of Bergman's masterpieces, which involves a striking and luminous journey to the past through dreams and reminiscences. I've never seen "La Jetée", but only because I can not find it.
