There is a story (possibly apocryphal) about an exchange between Bruce Willis and Terry Gilliam at the beginning of the twelve monkeys. Gilliam (assumed) produced a long list (think of the fifth element aircraft) and handed it to Butch Bruce. It was titled "The Things Bruce Willis Will Do When He Works". It ended with a simple message saying, "Please do not do any of the above in my movie." There is a fact about this movie (certainly true). Gilliam had no hand in writing. I meant that these two factors played a huge role in creating the extraordinary (if not commercial) success that is The Twelve Monkeys. <br /> <br /> From the visual point of view, the twelve monkeys are all that I have rightly waited in a Gilliam movie. It is also full of Gilliamesque surrealism and strange general (but magnificent). Gilliam enjoys a hindrance to the public. Although the end of the twelve monkeys will not surprise anyone who has settled in the first true, Gilliam borrows much of Kafka in the clock, the relentless bureaucratic movement of the characters toward their fate. It is this journey and the evolutions of the character that it suffers, which disturbs. I like Gilliam (especially Brazil). But all of them tend to suffer the same weakness. He seems to have so many ideas and so much enthusiasm that his films almost invariably get into a messy mess (especially in Brazil). I still claim that Brazil is Gilliam's force, but there is no doubt that The Twelve Monkeys is a fresh air blow in the tight plotting department. Style, substance and shape seem to merge in a way that is not usually seen from the former Python. Regardless of the truth of the above rumor, Gilliam also manages to achieve a first rate (and very atypical) performance in bald. Bruce is excellent in this movie, like other distributors, especially a freshman - and very scary - Brad Pitt. It's been over a decade since this movie was released. When I looked at her again, I realized that she did not really get old. I changed course, of course. And that made me watch the movie with fresh eyes. This seems to me to be a tribute to a film that, at least, looks at reflections in mirrors, changed perspectives, and the absurd journey in a direction in time that we all do. A first-rate movie. 8/10.
