Stories about the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future have been, over time, since the very creation of science-fiction as a genre itself. The fact that today's society is responsible for what can become the future tomorrow, and that its own abuses and refusals to see what is right before being in the eyes are at the very heart of all these bad stories. Terry Gilliam, of course, is a natural thing for this type of movie. He gives the film a decadent feeling, showing a society ashamed of its own excesses and showing a sense of imminent tragedy despite comedy moments. His world, the world where TWELVE MONKEYS is met, is a place where the madman runs wild, where the cities crash into dirt and neglect, where everything causes concern, despite the brightness of the opening sequence, where madness develops in every corner. This is a very dark film, but the best, the most linear (despite the overturning of the plot being under review), and one that improves with repeated viewing. A tragic event in which a deadly virus was unleashed on humanity in 1996, and thus led to the extermination of life on the planet as we know it. It drives the scientists of the future to try to make changes to change the fate of mankind on Earth by hiring renegade citizens - the Earth - as a guinea pig to come back in time, including James Cole (Bruce Willis greatly influenced) . Cole could be any person. We do not know anything about him, but in a way, it does not matter, since he is a little more than one of the many volunteers who can feed and the characters of his character sneak later as he approaches his mission . What we know is that he is a dreamer and his dreams could have been reality: maybe he was already at the scene of the 1996 event. It is this constant feeling of the already vu that continues to appear throughout the movie. When he was mistaken in 1990, he met Jeffrey Goines (played spastically by Oscar-nominated Brad Pitt here) who is scary about a doom and destruction, and Cole thinks he saw Goines in his recurrent dream man pushes a boy aside as he escapes ... what? He does not know. Later, he meets a psychologist, Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe), and one of his first reactions to him is that he is crazy and he has seen him before. This becomes a notion of continuing to participate in this story from passive / active to faithful and even mad crazy that Something Terrible comes this way, especially when he meets with him six years later: he saw Cole before . At the same time, Cole continues to talk about a dream he still has and plays a blonde woman down the aisle screaming for help after a red-headed man sinks in a queue horse (Jeffrey Goines?) Apparently escaped, not before pushing the boy who is an innocent viewer. The question arises: did these events arise? Will they happen? Who is really part of this, or better still - is everyone, to the smallest player, part of a big plot? Or is it all a trick in time when Time itself is a huge conveyor belt that shows repetitions of fragments of events that sink over and over again? <br /> <br /> These questions are formulated in a master's succession that includes key scenes of VERTIGO's masterpiece, in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton laments her existence alone ("You have not noticed," she says, Cole and Railly watch on their places in the cinema they are hiding). The fragments of the VERTIGO dialogue form a foil in the dialogue between Railly and Cole, and later, when Cole wakes up from seemingly going to the theater and looking for Railly, she comes to her with disguise as Eva Maria Saint from NORTH BY NORTHWEST), as Bernard Herrmann's scores multiply, he plays Judy Barton, dressed as Madeleine Elster. It's a fascinating sequence, especially due to the emergence of the most improbable names of actors in both films: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly, who gives a blond wig and a robe of gray roses and is called "Judy Simmons", while helping "Crazy man named James Cole, James Stewart plays a detective trying to help Madeleine Elster, who will not appear again, but twice, first as the brunette Judy Barton and later Madeleine. , plays and re-plays.
