Just joking, I rented 12 monkeys twice because I'm a big fan of Bruce Willis and I heard a few things about the movie. Some good and bad, but it was one of those movies you had to pay attention to every second, so I was a little worried. Just because I felt for a minute, if it was one of those movies I had to track several times to get. But I watched last night and I was impressed, this movie had everything in it: action, drama, SF, history, dark humor and even a little story. All the actors have done a great job, I have a lot of trust in Bruce, during the car-stage with his psychiatrist, he really got to me. But Brad Pitt, I'm only amazed at how much work he did. He did not over his character, who was crazy, and made her work and was extremely credible. The story was just frightening, but very good and a wake-up call. James Cole is a man in the future where a virus broke out in the past and killed 5 billion people and only 1% of the population survived. Animals now reign on top of the ground while people are down, but scientists send James in the past 1990 (really send it to '96) to find out about the virus information. James enters into a mental institution, meeting his new psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Raily and another mental patient, Jeffrey Goines. He tells his future, of course no one believes him, he returns to the future. But scientists send it back in the correct year where the doctor is kidnapped by James, but he tells him more and believes him. Now, they are set to try to prevent the virus from happening. <br /> <br /> 12 Monkeys was an incredible movie. As I said the story was so frightening, because it is not hard to believe we are not far from happening. But the whole movie was great, the distribution, the sets, just the whole picture was a wonderful one. He had a type of Terminator who felt where we could lose something precious one day if we do not listen to the others. What is good and what is wrong? Who knows? But I would recommend 12 Monkeys, it's a great movie that if you give her the right chance, I'm sure you'll enjoy it. <br /> <br /> 9/10
