Terry Gilliam, the fantastic story of a virus destroying just a handful of people across the Earth and forcing them to move underground, and the man sent in time to gather information about it is a fantastic, stunning and highly stylized film, who boasts Bruce Willis's best performance. What sets 12 monkeys apart from most SF travel videos in time is that Bruce Willis's character actually deals with the psychological effects of travel over time, meaning without knowing what reality is real reality: the place where the traveler time comes or goes. The film also recognizes that things that have passed can not be changed and that the prevention of a cataclysmic event, in this case the release of that virus, can not be stopped or changed. As Willis says: "It has already happened," while in a psychiatric hospital, the main dilemma faced by the film is not a strange and overwhelming plan to save the world; Instead, it's Willis's inner struggle to survive. It's a fresh, innovative concept and works nicely with a script written by Peoples and Gilliam, unique to dementia. In addition, the story of 12 Monkey is totally nonlinear and instead chooses to distort and bend the way the story is said with skill incorporating a lot of different time sequences: flashbacks, dreams, memories, present, past, future, and even a scene that is raised from Hitchcock's Vertigo. All serve to surround the spectator in a disturbing cacophony of madness and futility. From a visual point of view, Gilliam is a master of shadow and shadow that rivals Tim Burton in his stunning landscape and pictures. With a cold, wide, immersive cinema, Gilliam sneaks into the colorless surroundings and darkness of his characters. The scenes are often bathed in a strange antiseptic, dead white and helps serve as a contrast to the often venerating characters on madness. Performingly, Brad Pitt steals most of the scenes, filling them with patented, wall performance, which has earned him an Oscar nomination. As I mentioned, Bruce Willis gives the best performances of his career without returning to his heroic cliché and cartoon hero and instead of interpreting Cole as a simple, tragic, tragic man. Madeline Stowe is as good as Willis's psychologist. It retains its own power, injecting its character into both energy and power, while it collapses under the weight of what it believes to be a false "religion." Gilliam's experience, overwhelming and complexity of what might have been a routine / film-science action makes 12 Monkeys a convincing vision of a futuristic hairdressing landscape. His rich, well-thought-out, complicated story, along with the brave performances of the cast and his frightening filming, make it a masterpiece of madness. Ranking in the top 10 of all time, 12 Monkeys is a colorful show on a brilliant film. 10 out of 10
