Contrary to popular opinion, this title, at least for me, is not so bad. Actually. I think it's a favored film of all time. Welding stories was not well structured when you take into account the differences between the series, however, despite all of these things, you can watch it quite happily. For a feature film, the scenes are well-proportioned, and the characters remain consistently credible. The audio / audio track is my personal favorite. Almost everything has the right sound effect and many of the voices match the characters much better than their now badly dubbed American dub counterparts. Sync is perfect for every shooting. I had some problems casting for "extraterrestrial" voices (please forgive the gross names, it has been since I saw it). Otherwise, the distribution seemed perfectly balanced. I feel and believe in the characters of this movie. Doubts are often a subject with which they rarely agree so long ago. I liked the OSDs since then, but the parts left the series down. At this point I would like to add that this was one of the first anime I've ever seen in my life. It has a historical value to me, but even after seeing the original Megazone 23, it has stayed stronger and more watched in my collection. As far as I know, the title has ever reached the United States in Texas. Personally I think it's a big shame. If the right audience had been subjected to it, I think the Robotech movie would have been accepted and not been spotted over the years. I'm involved with anime every day of my life and everybody I showed this movie thought it was a nice put together title. Watching the film by its separate components will allow the viewer to notice the plot of obvious holes between performances. However, without seeing the originals, a viewer would not really notice. Since the animation is identical in style, there was no reason to discuss it in her days. Great Britain had very limited access to anime. Laser discs were the most productive environments. I personally liked the way Carl had the balls to push at least the genre. I mean, Harmony did not want to put the money in hand for publication. Despite the little mistakes people have had with this film in the 1980s, I feel like falling in love with me. If you watch Megazone 23 now, the Japanese original or the new oak, I think you will be very disappointed with the OSD. Put your mind back to the original Bubblegum Crisis Dub soundtrack and imagine your new eighty-year album to E.V.E. <br /> <br /> Speaking of all this. The popularity of this film nowadays is most likely lowered by its rarity in the free market. Personally, she gave birth to a collection for me. Now the world for the commodities of the three components that they did, and if I meet with Carl Macek, shake my hand for effort and buy a pint or a cage to put me in the anime.
