A fascinating, slippery film blends seemingly effortless shooting with a superb casting and an explosive soundtrack to trace the devastating effects of crime and corruption in the underworld of Santiago on two naive brothers in the southern city of Temuco. > The debutant of Daniella Rios is the seductive erotic dancer Gracia who works in the nightclub on the face of the new mini-wave in Chilean film production, Alejandro Trejo. The older brother, starred by Nestor Cantillana, is easily convinced to become Trejo's patron after a night at stripclub to celebrate seventeen years of Victor Victor's brother (Juan Pablo Miranda). Since the opening stage, the film explodes in the neo-noir exploration of what the outside world does not usually expect to see in this country so stereotypically conservative and Catholic. Gracia's seductive glamor draws the three men like bees, although the circular narrative of three-way fantasy romance revolves around the linear representation of major international drug contracts between Trejo's men and Gringo's Eduardo Barril . Power relations are becoming a vital issue, as the outsiders of society merge into a mini-family. The prostitute has an exotic witchcraft on all Chilean men in the film, coming out of her ambiguous position in the periphery of society, and is seen as holding the key to all the three future men. Relations between Trejo and Cantillana become important because the boys' parents are aware of their absence (they are supposed to still live in Temuco). Therefore, it is Trejo, he padrino, who "adopts" Cantillana and actually makes him a man in the city. Miranda quickly becomes the desperate outsider because her addiction to his "father figure," Cantillana, is becoming more and more tense with the jealousy of beautiful Gracia. However, Miranda remains trapped by the coercion of staying in school - he is addicted to Cantillana, dependent on Trejo, for the money to survive. Trejo, in turn, is under the finger of the "Gringo", and his wealth has been accumulated through his drug contracts and strip clubs. The figure of Gracia acts as a time bomb considered as a beautiful fireworks fire, it packs a network of beauty inside the patriarchy, but the stem can only lead to a climax. As the tensions of these power relations come to an end, Gracia remains ambiguous. The visitor is never sure what male figure he will engage. The film ends tragically and explosively in a trap that brings together power relations and wipes out half of the biggest male protanganic. The final picture of Miranda's beaten face that accelerates the PanAmericano highway is desperately strong. The boy was sucked by the wandering world of the city, but he lost his only visible family and his wife, who is his only friend in the movie. No problem. Imperative metaphors are bold and courageous. This is a gangster film in Chile. Family notions, no gender before marriage, etc. are eliminated, and the harsh realities of the other side of the Santiago coin are exposed in all their wild glory. Trejo beat Rios brutally, Rios and Miranda make love in a cinema camera - a whore who has sex with a minor he barely knows. "Gringos" is believed to have a financial retention on this small Latin American nation, but not through copper mines, through the illicit drug route. Waissbluth's triumph is in his presentation of this dark underworld, which raises so many social questions, more than the successful Sexo Con Amor record, in a movie that makes this movie firm with Sexo Con Amor, Taxi Para Tres and El chacotero Sentimental. the film's record that Chile is truly artistically alive and striking in the post-transition period 15 years after the censorship of the military regime.
