Director Andrés Waissbluth has been working for seven years to finalize this two-hour film about the crime scene in Santiago, Chile, and this is probably one of the reasons why the resulting film seems episodic and needs editing. Or maybe this is the technique of a director showing a sense of cinematic noir. Two brothers - Silvio the elder (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor the youngest (Juan Pablo Miranda) - moved to Santiago from their home in Temuco after the death of their parents, and Silvio is working to support Victor's education. At Victor's seventeen, Silvio takes his virgins to clubs, where he encourages Victor to lose virginity to one of the prostitutes of the club. In a scene full of tendencies, Victor has to face his impoverished impotence, while Silvio comes out on the floor of the club impressing the "owners" with his potential to rent. Silvio goes to work for "band" as bodyguard / henchman and makes good money to support Victor's schooling. But Victor has eyes for one of the club dancers named Gracia (Antonella Ríos) and begins to ask her, quitting school, angry with Silvio's furious disappointment. Gracia is going to be close to club leader Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo), who is the boss of Silvio! Gracia is the adhesive that keeps this story together, being the paramour of Victor, Silvio and Don Pascual, and the consequences of this bizarre ménage a trois have deadly results. Through a way to play the story through the eyes of Victor, Silvio and Gracia, we understand the vulnerabilities and cracks in each character that allow the resulting fall. Chilean Pulp Fiction? Well, it is and is filmed in a brutally colorful and dark manner that includes a lot of frontal nudity (women and men) and provocative sexual encounters. But, ultimately, the sensory aspect of the director's vision is what drives this film, playing successfully in the virginal psychedelic psyche against the hardcore hardcore professional. The distribution is quite strong, especially Antonella Ríos in the pretentious role of Gracia. There are enough overturns and transformations and replicas of the incidents that you think you have understood the first views, but that dramatically change in impact when they are told by the eyes of another character. For two hours, judicious editing would have helped the impact of the film. In Spanish, with subtitles in English. Recommended for those who love the noir movie style and the art of cinema in South America. Grady Harp
