*** SPOILERS *** On the first movies of the Second World War that came out of Hollywood, showing how the war of those GIs or, in this case, the US Marines fought in it . Schmid, John Garfield, has just begun to live with a paid job - earning about $ 40 a week - at the Ruth Hartley steel factory and local girlfriend, Elenore Parker, who was about to get married when the Japanese got it spoiled for him and millions of American youth, attacking the Pearl Harbor Pacific Fleet. Making his duty as American citizen Al, he immediately joined the US Maritime Corps, hoping to return to the Japanese, knowing, as it should be, that the sailors would be the first US combat troops to destroy them. /> <br /> <br /> Finally, he had the chance when his unit, the first naval division, landed on August 7, 1942 at Guadalcanal, in the Solomon islands far, to engage the Japanese controlling this. During the Battle of the Ilu river Al Almost one hand stopped a massive Japanese attack from Banzai with the machine gun after a wave of suicide attacks by the determined Japanese until aid or reinforcement came. During the bloody struggle, Al was hit in front of a Japanese grenade that ended up killing him. Returning to the States Conquering a naval hospital, Al faces something much harder to overcome then fighting a battalion-sized attack of Japanese or German soldiers. He is confronted with a future he will never see again and must depend on others to take care of himself or him! We come to see in the movie "The Pride of the Navy" itself much more difficult than when he did the Japanese troops on Guadalcanal, who just met his disability. I do not want anyone, especially Ruth's girlfriend, to feel sorry for him. Al is actually the one who feels sorry for himself more than anybody else in the movie. She is with Navy nurse, Virginia Pfeiffer, Rosemary DeCamp and Ruth, along with his American marine friend Lee Diamond, Dane Clark, who finally gives Al the courage to face blindness with the same force she encountered, after a wave of Japanese troops on Gudalcanal. A courage Al thought he had lost again in this hell abandoned by God in the South Pacific. Based on the true story of the American Marine Sergeant Albert Schmid, "Pride of the Marines," we showed what we were supposed to expect from the tens of thousands of American wounded wartime soldiers. We have come to see how it was more difficult for those who fought the war to adapt to the peace of America when they left something, as in the case of Al Schmid, behind the battlefield. Al's war with his personal demons was much harder than the Japanese in which he fought by being part of him and so had to fight to overcome them and ultimately defeat them. In spite of the help she received from both Virginia's nurse and Ruth's girlfriend, as well as her Marine doctor - who has a striking resemblance to actor Gregory Peck - she still had to overcome her fears face. The fears that he and he alone had to fight and overcome, as everyone in the film told them all by themselves.
