Nobody would argue that this 1945 war film was a masterpiece. (How could any war movie from 1945 be a masterpiece?) And yet this is an extremely effective story of a true story, that of Al Schmidt, orbit on Guadalcanal, played by John Garfield, who spent the days wearing glasses to capture the nuances of the actions of an unseen person. Robert Leckie, in the box for my pillow, denigrates Schmidt's popularity in favor of his girlfriend, who was killed, saying "the country must have needed living heroes." Well, I suppose the country did it. And they had one here. There is only one scene in the movie, related to the studio, which lasts only ten minutes or less, and which appears less than half the film instead of being rescued for the climax, but it is the most aggressive and realistic the representation of the men under the fire that I remember to see on screen, including those in the "Salvation of Private Ryan". The men scream, screaming at each other and at the enemy, bleeding and dying without the help of color, stereo sound, spirits or gorillas. Simply from a technological point of view, the film is remarkable. It's not just about learning how complicated a caliber caliber is .30, a Browning warrior warrior or that it has to be burned in a few rounds or that it is not waved like a fire hose, as in many other war movies. Technical precision adds the riveting quality of the scene. The need to keep up with brief outbursts is terrifying when dozens of screaming enemies pour into a stream fifty meters away, with the sole purpose of exterminating you and the two isolated comrades, limited to a small weapons. <br /> <br /> Performances are solid, if not brave, including those of the 1940 omnipresent support of John Ridgeley, and a radiant and youthful Eleanor Parker. The love story falls into reserve, but it works and, in the end, is quite moving. A successful dream sequence is included. He is not Bunuel, but for a routine film of 1945, he stands out as original and efficient. <br /> <br /> Albert Maltz can overwrite the script, or may have been modified by someone else. He could have used the type of cut that could have introduced such ambiguity as necessary. However, there are strange verbal punctuation that has a surprising impact on the spectator - "Why does not God hurt me dead?" And, "In the eyes, Lee, take it in your eyes!" Deepness of pain in a few awful words. And a surprising amount of bitterness expressed by wounded veterans in a 1945 war film. Note that it might seem fake for a contemporary spectator, but maybe it should not: the dated vernacular, which is it's hard to believe that many of today's children may think it has ever been spoken - "private gauge", "dripping", "gee," "crazy hat," "ladies, you are sorry for yourself. "Consider the historical context and be kind to our judgments. At that time, part of this lingo was at the cutting edge. <br /> <br /> Weakened real points? Veterans wounded meet and quarrel with each other about how much of their collective future they have and the argument is resolved overselin with a conclusion as follows: "Just because you have a silver plate in your head does not mean that people will believe that you are a bad person. " sometimes silent voice and silent prayers that are both useless and non-imaginative. "Please, Lord, let me go back to me," and that. <br /> <br /> Well, filmmakers worked within their time. Maybe that's why the end of the blur is on a blow from Independence Hall and the inspiring blowers of "Beautiful America" ​​swell in the back. None of these things can undo the virtues of the movie, which are considerable, especially the impact of the terrible battle scene. It's not too often on TV. If you have a chance, grab it by all means.
