I did not see this movie in 35 years, so when I noticed recently that it will be the first time on TV (cable) for a very long time (not available on video), I assured myself I missed it. And unlike so many other movies that seem to lose their brilliance when they saw each other again, I found that the visual images in The Marines' Pride were just as vivid and effective as I remembered. What makes this movie so special anyway? Everything. Based on the true story of Al Schmid and the rifle of his machine-gun crew in the Battle of the Tenaru River on Guadalcanal in November 1942, the script remains 95% true for the book on which "Al Schmid, Marine" by Roger Butterfield, ranging enough only to meet the time constraints of a movie. This is not a typical "war movie" in which the action is central, and indeed the war scene is a short duration of about 10 minutes in the middle of the film. But it is a memorable 10 minutes, shot in the smallest possible light to describe a night battle, and is devoid of false heroism or fake that usually plagues the genre. In a way, perhaps before his time, the natural drama of what happened there was more than enough to convey to the audience the brutal, ugly, brutal character of the battle, and perhaps shocked the audience when he was seen right after war. This film has nothing to do with the "glorification" of the war; I can not imagine anyone seeing that battle scene and WANTING joining the service. Not anyway. What really refers to this film is the consequence of the battle and how degraded it can teach people to claim their lives. There is an excellent hospital scene where a dozen men discuss this and I think this is another reason why the movie was so well received - it was particularly well written. There is a sequence of "dream" made in the opposite film (negative film) that seems almost experimental, and the action is strong, led by John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for the role because his natural temper and Schmid were almost the same, and Garfield met Schmid and even lived with him for a while to learn how much he could about man and his role . Actors do not do that anymore, but add to the equation, it's just another reason why this movie manages to tell a story that's so difficult, unattractive.
