In the field of scenario-based movies from another area (or whatever the title for that Oscar), "Holes" has credibility. I think it is better for the author to create the script because the author is the creator of the material. If the author can not write a scenario to save his life, then the author and some fluent talent in the script field create this scenario. Besides, this review is about "holes". The reasons begin here and a spoiler can be found inside. (1) Louis Sachar is an excellent author and seems to be able to write a script. I looked at the film and then I read the book, and I both do not have unconscious or silly. Some people have only natural talents that can overcome the environments. (2) The best performance prize is Shia LaBeouf for his portrait as the main character. He "dug" in the role. I wanted to see his justified character before the end. (3) Andrew Davis was brought up to overturn the little suspense. This is the man who made Harrison Ford hard to run and run fast. He can also make Steven Seagal break some heads. As for this film, he made the Shia, and the rest of the boys shed some holes. In other words, he can make a "action-packed" movie and does it well even if "action" is not the main kind is not "action." (4) My second favorite show goes to Jon Voight as Mr. Sir. Sometimes a bad role provokes the best results in an interpreter. When Voight spoke the line "Once at a time ..." I probably laughed for half a minute because it was so funny. He is capable of comedy and should investigate several roles that allow him to exercise his talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very solid whenever he gets a solid script. This is probably the second best role I've ever seen (second only "A brother, where are you?"). (6) I like the choice of movie settings. I did not know that California was so dry or barren. I think the figures on the population and land area can be misleading. (7) The general aspect of the film made me want another bottle of water. You might imagine digging a hole in that empty area for half a day. (8) The rest of the piece should also be worth a Kudos bar. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill were beaten because of their talent and they gel very well. Large distribution, even if it was almost the same. (9) I love a movie that does not explain anything immediately. When Stanley came up with those baseball balls, it made me want to see how strange the events could happen and this is a key element in making a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) have to do more of these minor juvenile movies. It was good for me and I'm a student. The latest Disney movie, which I saw, was "Something Wrong on the Way Comes" and "Holes" is likely to overcome it (such as the 2000 election is still close to calling). Disney can do greatness if it decides to expand on this genre and keeps in mind the idea of ​​milking a cash cow when I see it. Ten reasons give a score of ten! Overall, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney movies and probably one of the best this year (this film can not be an Oscar material, but whoever said Oscar is the best material?). Regarding the fact that I am a movie from a book I read, it is behind the "Wrestling Club" in my list (which is on the top). To be a movie I saw in 2003, it's in the top five (somewhere behind Mystic River). Unlike "Harry Potter," Stanley Yelnats easily takes a shovel at Harry's head and brings the final blow to death with a smelly sniff at Potter's nose. Everyone should see this movie because both they both know and have fun. Here's my hurt!
