And I'm serious! Really one of the most fantastic movies I've ever had the pleasure of watching. What is so wonderful is that, very rarely, a good book turns into a movie that is not only good but, if possible, better than the novel on which it is based. Perhaps in the case of Lord of the Rings and Trainspotting, it is indeed a rare encounter. But I think that the fact that Louis Sachar has been involved since the beginning has helped the masses so the film gets closer to the story, but to take it even more. This movie has many elements that do what it is: 1. A unique, original story with a good mix of fun and humor but a mature edge. 2. Glamorous actors. Adults and children, these actors know how to bring the story to life and take their lines with enthusiasm and style without crossing the board, as is sometimes the case with children's films. 3. Spring landscape. And it does not matter whether it's real or CGI, setting itself is a masterpiece. I especially like the image of the holes from a view of the birds. 4. A talented director who inspires life in the book and transforms it into technically genius. Transition over time works well and captures the constant climate of the book, resulting in twists in the movie. 5. Louis Sachar! The guy who had read a non-stop book from beginning to end so I could not get him down. He makes sure the script is missing from the book, with new bits added to make it even better. 6. And talking about the script! Unilers in this sense are intelligent, fun and non-chronic. But there are parts that make you smile, make you cry and draw in your hearts to make you love this story even more. 7. Beautiful soundtrack. There is no song in this movie for which I have not fallen, and that's something I think I should be a punk rocker. The song binds the story well and adds jazz to the general style of the movie. If you buy the movie, I recommend you buy the soundtrack, especially for "If Only", which focuses around the story and contains the choir in the book. I'm not working for those who made the Holes, by the way, I'm just a fan, connecting my favorite movie and giving him the review she deserves. If you have not seen him, do it. Now. Very instantaneous. Go!
