Gauri is a fable about the past and the way it affects the present life of at least three people. One of them I will name, the other two are mysteries and will remain so. Gropi is a story about Stanley Yelnats IV. He is unlucky in life. The mischief, in fact, characterizes the fate of most Yelnats men and has been since exploits Stanley IV "has no good-dirty-rotten pig-furious-great-great-great-grandfather." These special holdings have cursed the family people with many injured. In such a return we meet Stanley IV. He was falsely accused of having stolen a pair of baseball shoes donated freshly to a homeless homeless auction by a famous baseball player. He or she gets the prison option or can go to a character building camp. "I've never been to the camp again," says Stanley. With this, the judge sends him enthusiastically to Camp Green Lake. Camp Green Lake is a weird place with a strange philosophy: "If you take a bad boy, let him dig a hole every day in the hot sun will turn him into a good boy. We learn this little pearl of wisdom from Mr. John (Voight), one of the camp's "advisors", we immediately have the impression that he is a dangerous man, at least he is honest, and he does not think it is beautiful, the counselor of the camp, Mr. Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson ) is a different matter. "He acts as a caregiver, but he quickly, faster than anyone else, in the authority to unleash the most brutal verbal phrases on his accusations." The master has a determined ability to be evil, but besides this is a mystery These three rules Camp Green Lake, a place that does not have a lake It's just a desert dry powder full of holes, five meters deep and five meters Its local fauna appears to be only dangerous, toxic, yellow, eyelids and lizards. Lake Green seems in many ways a haunted place. Thieves work despite strange decoration and strange stories because they understand people. Especially because she is honest in the way she handles Camp Green Lake detainees. The movie captures how boys interact perfectly with others. It captures how boys can beat each other, how they can gain admiration, how they struggle with each other and how boys alike over the age. It is this well-nuanced nucleus that makes everything else in the movie credible. What is also refreshing about this film the good nature of his main character. He does not believe in a family curse; he is not bitter about the infamous exploits of "not good-dirty-angry-angry-angry-great-great-grandfather." In fact, he likes to hear the story. Stanley IV is not bitter about the past and has determined not to let him affect him in the way he affected his father and grandfather. There is sometimes a lot of sadness in the film, but not so much frightened by the scary. And this is refreshing. Holes is an intelligent family movie full of wisdom and spirituality. It's fun, and not cheap. It's not a comedy, though it laughs. Dare to be convincing, where many family films tend to play safe and conventional. As such, it transcends genres of family film and simply becomes a good movie that everyone can enjoy. I give her a 10.
