Gruveyman2 (see below) you are a complete idiot ... blinded by ignorance by the city where you have loyalty. This staggering arrogance, which you ironically claim that the film emanates from SF, makes you look like a typical hole LA A **! The only reason why you felt that the film was so self-congratulated about SF is because you're jealous. Of course you do not know that because you're so bad in LA. First, the movie was completely fictional about a beautiful city; what was shot there and what was filmed by some of the most famous locals. Do not say anything bad about LA; and these directors choose to live in a beautiful city over LA. They admit they went to the LA film school and are obviously proud of that. They admit that SF is close to LA, which is a benefit. The only negative thing that was said to be about LA was that of studio directors. The same studio directors who hated these movie guys when they first saw them, but the same movies turned out to be huge movies worldwide. So why would not he have an animosity towards the executive and studio? These are the only people who are trying to "dissociate" them for good reasons! Do not be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the so-called San Francisco director? How not to be considered like that? And who directed the goddess? Coppola did it. It was his vision that told the story on the screen that won her Best Film Award. So what did she give her the job? He admits that he did not even want to make the film in the documentary ... so what's your point? And what if Sophia wants to live in LA? And that proves how? And tell me how I'm not truly independent when it finances many of my own films. Movies that are now considered classic. And when they made movies from the studios, one was LA who came to them and said we wanted to take these pictures and two, they used the money they made to take these pictures to finance their own. They said exactly that in the movie. "Your song and your self-congratulations would take a great deal of respect and self-esteem if you never put your foot on the ground that you cherish to be superior to this film." How the hell can "bitchyness" and "self-congratulation" suddenly have an "air" of self-esteem and faith .... if they do not go to LA again? How stupid and meaningless comment! You put some big words there ... and I just do not know how to use them! And, by the way, they never claimed and did not assume they are superior to LA! So if I give a guy in New York a prize in LA ... again, what the hell is your point? So if I go to LA or New York, are they hypocrites simply prefering to live in SF? You do not make any sense. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is proud of itself and its inheritance and the people who do it the way it is today. This film was focused on just one aspect of ... shooting. Because you spend your time and writing such ugly comments about the city (not the movie, but the city and its people) just proves what we are, North Californians, hatmas about LA people! THIS IS A MORE DOCUMENTARY ... VERY INTERESTING, SPECIAL, IF YOU ARE IN THE BATH AREA ... BUT RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYONE.
