God! Zorro was the subject of about as many films as Tarzan and probably had as many actors as the lead. <br /> <br /> This is one of my personal favorites, and as I said before, this is one of the Top 5 Sound Serials. Quite strangely, this is a production that came out that year of water in 1939. * Until this production in '39, Zorro was widely known as a literary and film character (Pulp). The film opens with little note of the history of Mexico's struggle for the freedom to dominate a European monarchy, namely Spain. The story invites to a comparison with the American Revolutionary War. The story focuses on the mythical province of San Mendelito and its "Council". This is dealt with by Benito Juarez ** on the relationship between the gold mines and the new Republic of Mexico. Gold transports must reach Mexico City. Uncle Don Francisco to Diego Vega says he has organized a group of patriots to act as a protective force for gold convoys. Orof, a stage and an insult to him and provokes Don Francisco in a sword duel, Don Frasncisco runs through. Suddenly, spadascatul masked dark seems to fight with sword and after carving brand 'Z' to face the offender sends it further. Don Francisco says, breathing dying, its captain Ramon (William Corson) Zorro nephew he is trying to tell Don del Oro's true identity, but it expires before concluding the statement.It's a great reception for Diego at Hacienda in Don Francisco, where Diego disappoints Ramon'sister Don Francisco) "When she asks" who will lead us with Don Francisco now dead? ", Ramon declares" Zorro " , we are Zorro's Legion of War! "Well, there's a big fight with the Legion, now all dressed in gray with masks and staples, protecting the golden train." Then Zorro seems to be trapped in a man's avalanche , for the convoy, when, well, you know the end of the head of the head one. There was a lot of writing for a single chapter, but like most other series, the opening is longer and has a lot of ground to set the story line. Let's just say there are 11 better, well-done chapters, complemented by action. <br /> <br /> Zorro's fighting legion has all the elements that have led to the action of the cliffhanger. We have an unknown evil leader that causes problems among different groups. There are a number of suspects about those who were really behind the "Don del Oro" mask. We had soldiers, renegade whites, hostile Indians, and legion. In short, it's safe to say that there is everything you can and then some of you in this series. And, incidentally, they wisely choose not to bring the actors to affect the Mexican accents. As to what exists here, which makes ZFL stand out from others? What makes it different or unique? Well ........ First, it has a much more elaborate and exciting music score, highlighting drama and action on the screen. The opening theme appears even in a flamenco guitar teaching at the Cantina in Chapter 1. This is probably the only time that such highly specialized innovation appears on the serial soundtrack. And yet, there is still a feature that really sets the saga of the Legion of War in front of everyone else. That is, the movie has not only a heroic musical theme, but also sports Lyrics, yes, Legionairres sing! We hear them singing in opening credits and in several chapters! It works very well and adds to the feelings we receive from viewing. When the show was first introduced to our local television (around 1955), the band immediately recognized Reed Hadley's voice from "Captain Braddock of Racket Squad, TV Series." Hadley had a very distinct and profound voice. He also managed the role very well The costume, and especially the elongated masks, looked very good and were probably very functional There is a small sliding A kind of minor anachronism happens when Benito Juarez (Carleton Young) Mendelito, because Juarez was 18 years old at this time (1824), and although he was later the largest single figure in Mexican history he has not yet reached such prominence. His inclusion in the story was probably to recover Launch of Warner Brothers "JUAREZ that year, starring Paul Muni's lead role. This is not just my choice as a top 5, but also my favorite Zorro movie. We are reminded of the greatest filmmaking of that year with GONE WITH THE WIND, with MR.SMITH GOES TO WASHINGTON, CITADEL, JUAREZ, THE WAZING OF OZ, SOYA AND MEN, one million BC BC Zenobia , we want our mother to be considered the entire production of that year. Again, Juarez did not ascend to any national importance until around 1850, about 25 years later. Also, political subdivisions are called "provinces" in the story. In reality, they are called "states". As we are also called the United States, south of the border, they call the Republique United States of Mexico. *** Reed Hadley was prominent in some very "A" images in which his rich toned voice is exploited for a good effect. Watch and listen to his story in the house on 92 (1945) and GUADALCANAL diary (1945).
