While the series "Zorro's Battle Legion" is one of the best series of action in the 1930s. At a time when studios could still play a large cast, it has wall-to-wall action in its 12 chapters. In 1824, the President of the Republic of Mexico, Benito Juarez (Carleton Young), is trying to put his new country on a sound financial base. To this end, he arranged to be handed over to the capitals of the rich gold wealth of the local mine in San Mendolita. The members of the local council who intended to steal expeditions on behalf of Don-del-Oro of the armored gold, who, with the help of the local Yaqui tribe, hoped to settle as a ruler of Mexico. Against him is Don Francisco (Guy D'Ennery), who forms a legion of locals to help Juarez. When Don Franciso is killed by the men of Don-del-Oro, a stranger, bee Don Diego (Reed Hadley) arrives in town. Diego aka Zorro takes over the legion with his friends Ramon (William Corson) and Juan (Budd Buster). The symbolic heroine of the play is Ramon's sister, Volita (Sheila D'Arcy). Both Diego and Ramon occupy the seats at the local governing council. It soon becomes clear that some of the other members of the Council are in touch with Don-del-Oro. First, the President of the Council (Leander de Cordova), Military Head Manuel (John Merton), Chief Justice Pablo (C. Montague Shaw) and Gonzolez (Edmund Cobb). Zorro suspects that one of these men is Don-del-Oro, but which one? What follows are several Zorro's hair scams and his confederates from Don-del-Oro's descendants. We have the ever-falling rope bridge, the deep gulf between two cliffs over which only Zorro can jump to safety and the usual range of explosions, fires and wagons and wagons that collapsed or moved over the cliff. The hats end here for the fine team of rivals of the Republic, led by legendary Yakima Canutt and Yrigoyens, Bill and Joe. Canutt conducts the signage cascade by jumping on a team of fugitive horses and then falling under the coach that he repeated in other films, including John Ford's "Stagecoach" that same year. However, Zorro ultimately disapproves the fake god Don-del-Oro and restores peace in the valley before traveling to sunset in Chapter 12. Others in the distribution include Jim Pierce, Curley Dresden, and Charlie King as Don-del -Oro, and if you look closely, you can see the bits of the upcoming future series and Lone Ranger Clayton Moore and Canutt stuntman in bits. "Big", Jim Pierce, may be best remembered for Tarzan's role in 1927, "Tarzan and the Liom Golden" (1927), and for his marriage to Joan Burroughs, the daughter of Edgar Rice Burroughs, creator of Tarzan. Very pleasant.
