The trick to creating a good, solid story about mystery is just as much a matter of time as about plotting plot, colorful characters or surprising twists. Anyone who has ever worked frustrated with an unwanted crossword on Sunday The New York Times knows that any puzzle that takes too long to solve is no longer fun. The best murders of murder, whether on film or in print, are light things that go all the way, clarify their clues, align their suspects and, hopefully, bring us some surprises; being complicated without being unnecessarily confusing. And play correctly; In the second, third and fourth viewing of the indices and red herring, we should be so excited to wonder how well all the things happen, because we were surprised first of all. Indeed, good thrillers should improve during repeated viewing, anticipating double and triple crosses. The story of Sidney Lumet's comedy, derived from Ira Levin's Broadway play, is an excellent example. It moves along a clean clip, juggles indiscriminately, almost (almost) totally honest with us (even when we lie) and never revealing where it goes (even if it tells us where it is). It's less of a traditional murder murder film than it is a movie about the mysteries of crime, derived from a play about the scene. Rather than go back - a crime and then an investigation to explain why everything happened - DEATHTRAP leads us through crime (crime) step by step, leaving enough space for unexpected; ads say it's less a "whodunit" than a "who'lldoit". <br /> <br /> Deathtrap is often compared (unfavorably, strangely enough) to SLEUTH's play and film lyrics, although in reality he has much more in common with SCREAM, the self-mocking essay on horror movies . Like the intelligent film, DEATHTRAP labels (a thriller about thrillers), sets it down ("a five-character money coin") and then begins to deconstruct the genre, revealing itself as "the strangest and most absurd set of circumstances enough fun to convince an audience to suspend their mistrust. "<br /> <br /> DEATHRAP with courage gives us a mystery with only five major characters, two of which are of minimal importance. Henry Jones, as a lawyer, is accompanied by an exhibition (and gave us a delight for folkloric charm), and Irene Worth is a comic story and comic as a psychic detective who acts as a nominal detective. Thus, three main characters are the killer (s) and / or the victim (s): It is a testament to Michael Caine's abilities that as Sidney Bruhl, an author of mysterious plays, a character we inherently trust , even as we immediately recognize that almost everything he says is a lie. Because his wife, Myra, Dyan Canon loves to some extent flirt with being on the top, offering a roller coaster ride to a show with a character who seems to be fragile or arrogant, no doubt, in love with a less sidney. The third angle of this unexpected triangle is a playwright named Clifford Anderson, played by Christopher Reeve, so that we never deal with his character: writer enthusiastic writer, semi-innocent victim, or charming sociopath. As the dancing of characters differs one around the other, the intelligent script adapted by writer Jay Presson, Allen, manages to be constantly funny, even as he suspends. And even after the last twist (an improvement to the end of the play), maybe it is not quite clear who manipulated who to do what. Lumet is by no means a master of comedy, so he allows his casting to have a free reign to carnage the characters, and all this gives a sharp, theatrical but subtle activity, with Reeve being particularly noteworthy. But what Lumet does so well is to work skillfully in tight rooms. As he did wonderful in 12 men ANGRY, he takes a unique game, and with a minimum of opening, manages to do what might be crammed, trainees and stagnant seem to be endless photogenic and spacious. The setting, a country house converted from an old windmill, is relatively small, but as designed by Tony Walton, it manages to be so comfortable and charming, but also scary and treacherous. It's so hard to tell where the set of studios and real country houses cross borders that to a certain extent the set becomes a sixth character. And as the crime scene, it is indeed a deathtrap.
