FULL OF SPOILERS. This is a fairly quick and pleasant crime thriller based on Ira Levin's play about two gay dramas (Caine and Reeve) who make up the murder of the wealthy wife (Cannon) to get property and insurance. The complaint succeeds, but Christopher Reeve, the youngest and least established of the two writers, decides to make a piece of the current crime - with only minor changes in details. Reeve allows Easthampton, Long Island, to become Southampton, Long Island, in the scenario, for example. The rest of the plot is a gifted and telling the truth. Reeve does not bother even a gossip or even an investigation of Cannon's apparently accidental death. This will increase earnings and its own Warhol factor. Michael Caine is Sidney Bruhl, the playwright of the megabuck, whose last four productions bombed and would only want to return quietly to work on a new play, perhaps with the help of Reeve, who would redeem his reputation. He can not allow Reeve's scandal to be produced. And what else? - He's trying to kill him. Eventually, they will kill each other, the manuscript is appropriated by their neighbor, psychologist Helga Tensdoorp, and she makes a million dollars to sell her on Broadway. It's a lot of fun for a number of reasons. One is the production design. This multi-storey, multi-storey house with the high windmill above, located on nine of the most valuable acres on earth (Easthampton!) Would be a splendid set of digging anywhere. You could not afford a chicken tent in Easthamptom. The house is not too big or baroque in its setting. It's a great way, though it's a little orderly for my tastes, the type of house so pure that you're afraid to step on the thick carpet because of the fear of leaving a footprint. , acting hard can be improved. Dog, Cannon and Fred Jones are gorgeous. Dyan Cannon gives perfect performance, as the anxious wife whose trousers are so tight that it looks as if they were sprinkled, which is all right because of her assets. Even Reeve, whose talents were limited, seems to find a comfortable niche in his act as a killing but psychopathic killer. Irene Worth, as a psychic Helga neighbor, was in a way hard to define, a mistake. He gave it-or someone like her-was necessary for the plot, but, Lord, what offensive is shattering my character, going and pretending: "I feel painful! I suppose, to make it less interesting, sweating and in the head with an empty trap, with bicycle reflectors on it. However, it is an inconvenience from the beginning to the end.You must love the weird conversation of Ira Levin An uprooted dog asks Reeve to tell him why she wrote the tell-all song. "Because it's there, Sidney," says Reeve, and Caine shouts, "That's how they're MOUNT, not PLAYS! The games are not there until some pits *** WELCOME! "Caine's call to the police is great as his wife died of fear, as planned. talking while reporting the incident and begging an ambulance to be sent right away. When he closes, his face assumes his placid expression usually he blows his nose in the handkerchief, and leaves, all business again. <br /> <br /> <br /> The climax, although ironically appropriate, is confusing and noisy and full of artifice, lacking the charm that Levin and Lumet have brought to previous scenes. The score is mostly composed of ribbed light hearts on the clavicle, mounting perfect in the movie. <br /> <br /> You will probably enjoy it.
