One of Roger Corman's best cult classics, the best classic culture cult was Ramones (originally designated Cheap Trick), Rock N 'Roll High School. It's just a simple story, dated technically (but it would serve up to extra doses of nostalgia humor, considering these were the kind of things that made Napoleon Dynamite's characters funny - see Eaglebauer's truck) about adolescents who love rock n 'roll. Vince Lombardi high school students face the main evil resistance Miss Evelyn Togar (played by favorite classic favorite, Mary Woronov), who fears that Rock N 'Roll turns children into uncontrolled deviations , amorals and vows to make a Rock N 'Roll free area. In fact, she plans to erase Rock N 'Roll for all students, regardless of whether she is at school, and she has the cooperation of most adults who could make the plan for success. But not if Riff Randell (PJ Soles) can help. A Ramones fanatic, she has written a few songs (including the Rock N 'Roll High School) that Ramones wants to give, and in her attempt to do so she is rejected by Mrs Togar, who does her best to do not go to see the Ramones game in town. It culminates in a supreme rebellion between obsolete old adolescents (ending somewhat of the Fish Edge). After the punk years, when the fame of the rockers at the garage, Ramones (and others) would mark another change in the evolution of music, it was great to see a movie celebrating the fun of everything and so humorously and exaggeratedly . <br /> <br /> It's a rather light comedy, but a great comedy, though, when you're in the mood for something more relaxed to have fun. With Jerry Zucker (fictional) and Joe Dante (Gremlins' fame), both participating in some of the directories, you can get the idea of ​​what kind of humor you are for (not to mention wait for you to see Dick Miller even if only for a few minutes in the final of the film). The story must have been inspired later (and updated accordingly) by the 90's comedy Detroit Rock City, which changes the character of the minor in the old-fashioned glam rocker, Kizz. passing on Corey Feldman, Rock N 'Roll High School forever, launched nearly a decade later. The original is still the best.
