After seeing David Shepard's abridged print before, I finally managed to see a full version - or more complete version - that was about 56 minutes compared to the 30-minute version. Shepard Print for Image Entertainment is certainly of superior quality and the best parts are there, but it's good to see the rest of the movie and complete some tips. In Princess Shepard, the film ends with Maria, saying: "See, I changed my mind - I will not go home." Still, in the full version, Mary and Kenneth Driscoll end their relationship right after that scene? Mary is back home? and Driscoll reaffirms his relationship with Vivian. This additional material develops the Vivian character, which has little relevance in the Shepard version. Moreover, in the full version, the film begins with Mary in rural New Jersey, where she reads and fantasizes about her ideal lover. She is disappointed with the advances made by Johnny Applebloom (a completely absent character from the Shepard version), but after her adventure with Driscoll, she returns to the country to become a farmer's wife. /> <br /> Whatever the print, "The Fate of a Girl" is a good film for 1917, made by one of the top executives of the 1910s, Maurice Tourneur. In him, Tourneur takes a lot of looting on his own business, including playing a cartoon by himself - the director of the film-in-the-movie. The two also perform high quality through early cinematic standards: Robert Warwick, an actor performing a skirt star and Doris Kenyon, as an engineer aspiring to play a movie on screen. <br /> <br /> The auto-referential films, which made film film focus, have not been anything new yet. Mack Sennett had already parodied this type of film three years ago with Mabel's "dramatic career." Some aspects of this aspect stand out, however. Frances Marion's interfaces are humorous, including illustrations of chess actors with a hand that directs them - remarkable for 1917. I especially liked the final film of the film, where two observers noticed the happy ending of the film: Romantic! "And the other answers," Romantic, is not it? Female writer Anita Loos made a self-referential conclusion similar to another Wild and Woolly film in 1917. Both writers helped change the role of their professions in business and in art Some of the photos of Tourneur and John van den Broek are good, especially with regard to filming The use of mirrors on multiple scenes is a beautiful reinforcement of the film's self-reflexivity and editing is exceptional. Fast transversal during studio scenes is particularly important, serving to pinpoint the fast pace of filmmaking, especially then.
