This movie is available from David Shepard and Kino, before Hollywood There Was Fort Lee, NJ, although this is an abridged version with just the film sections behind the scenes. I'm not sure if Blackhawk Films only had a movie or an edition of the other scenes, the original Blackhawk was reprinted A Movie Romance, the full feature survives, but the preotype for this version had a decomposition of the nitrate and a few sections looked bad so may be the reason why the Blackhawk version has been edited. Directed by Maurice Tourneur, the film interprets Tourneur himself or, more likely, a cartoon about himself, it is assumed that director Emile Chautard and future director Joseph von Sternberg may also be (Doris Kenyon) waiting for a romantic man to shake her feet, dreaming of a trudadour who will endure it, but is constantly interrupted by the only available local boy, Johnny Applebloom. Meanwile, a New York film company (actually New Jersey) filming a vest in the countryside. Mary sees an Indian (full of blush) and raises an alarm - spoiling a scene the movie company filming. She is immediately attracted by starring film star Kenneth Driscoll (Robert Warwick). He encourages her to leave her and try to become an actress in the big city. When he gets to the studio, he discovers that everything about movies is fake. Doors and walls are apartments that are hurriedly assembled for the set. That scary walk of the Western hero or a happy jump of the heroine also behaves. The sets are in a high rotation stage so the angle of the sun can even be manipulated. The black assistant in the studio signs all the "autographed" photos of the film stars. The signs on the wall say, "Smoking is not positive," but anyway, it smokes anyway. Even the movie titles (beautifully illustrated) highlight everything that is fake about the life of the movie. <br /> <br /> Starring Driscoll is as disappointed with the hum of daily film. She makes a temporary divorce from girlfriend Vivian (June Elvidge) to continue this country girl "interesting". His plans are destroyed when Mary's screen test is dirty. We're not getting to see the real movie, just the painful reactions of the audience. Mary is devastated, but she does not want to admit to all home-backers that she was a failure, so she's still seeing Driscoll, and we're having lunch with him in the studio cantina, along with other extras dressed like cops, soldiers, cowboys, etc. Mary decides to stay with Driscoll. At a party with their movie "friends", she agrees to marry him, although there is not much love between them. Surprisingly, her mother appears with a special cake for Mary's birthday. This makes Mary re-evaluate her future. This movie has all kinds of fascinating scenes of studios, movie sets, locker rooms, editing rooms, etc. If you've always wondered what happened behind scenes where a silent movie is made, this movie looks behind the curtain.
