Riff Randell is a fan of the rock band; Ramones and so are most of the pupils in the school. But a new director of a director, Ms. Togar thinks rock 'n' roll is a bad influence on students, especially the music of The Ramones. So, when Riff discovers she's playing in town, she gets over the class for a few days to get tickets for her and her friends. But when Ms. Togar discovers why she really took those days she confiscates the tickets. While that happens, Tom Roberts is a total Riff love, but Riff's friend Kate Rambeau feels the same about Tom. But Riff has her eyes only on singer Joe Ramone and hopefully to get to that concert to make her play the song. Fun! Fun! Fun! Yes, is that right, "Rock n Roll High School" does not move away from the main fire? a strange story, cute! It was not what I expected, that's for sure. Everyone who participates in this dandy project seems to have a wonderful time and relaxing nature that shows on the screen with the energy that gives such a splendid spirit, which makes it an invaluable experience. That does not mean I think art and plot are just as useless. But looking at this crazy and passionate walk that escalates into great, harmless offenders, I could not wipe the grin on my face. It's sticky, very cheesy, dense, but damn funky-dory! This reduced budget, b-grade feature from producer Roger Corman and John Dante, who was co-scriptwriter (plus he co-directed several scenes when director Allan Arkush was hospitalized on the last day of filming). It is actually a glorious tribute to the 1950s rocking slamming through sticking with fruitful clichés and throwing in teaspoon the teen rebellion tag because of the gap between generations between them and adults (who always know best). These features may not be particularly fresh, but have an appealing effect due to the dynamic, gusto treatment. The film has only one thing in mind to get into a bang! And they manage to do that. The courtesy of Ramones, who plays alone. Indeed, could you tell a trendy video, since it's Ramones? well, most, anyway. I see a lot of Ramones' ability to act. They are musicians, not actors, which means it's not about their acting here, it's the music we should dig. I'm here to play! What, they deliver in this front with some bottom parts that have taken the film to create a totally optimistic vibration. In particular, their spectacular concerts. The soundtrack also had killer songs from other artists such as Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But these jumping tracks fit well with the worry-free sense and even the score was worked pretty well. Especially in the scenes involving Ms. Togar, with the score grasping the mood that surrounds her. The playful mood of the film is quite like a roller coaster ride with such a lively rhythm between electrifying tones and comic segments, from scattered routine routines sometimes is intelligent, tongue-in-dialogue dialogue. Thrown to a good deal for a variety of light and heavy gags, which we found very pleasing and gave him a wider range of expression. <br /> <br /> What else gave the movie an added boost had to be the divine PJ Soles (better known for its performance in Halloween), who made such a beaten show as Riff Randell. Other exemplary performances were Dey Young, as extremely cute Kate Rambeau, Vincent Van Patten as the magician Tom Roberts and go to the Eaglebauer man who played prodigiously by Clint Howard. Also, some of Corman's oldest drawers meet with great performances by Mary Woronov, who is excellent as Ms. Togar, who imposes unfair dominance on students, Paul Bartel as Mr. McGree and little support from Dick Millar to the end. Deciding enthusiastic is quite campy, but going down well with the material and there is a certain likability that results from these characters, but we totally despise TOGAR and her bullying monitor room. <br /> <br /> There is no beating around Bush here, when I say "Rock 'n' Roll High School" is a hohot of poisoning, a time laugh!
