THE BRAIN WHICH WAS NOT DIE was considered so disgusting in 1959 that more cuts and more than three years were needed before he was released in 1962. Today it is difficult to imagine how someone could have taken the work seriously even in 1959; the thing is both sad and disgusting, but it is also incredibly ridiculous in a way deeply abrupt. The story, of course, relates to a doctor who is an experimental eager to transplant the limbs - and when his girlfriend is killed in a car accident, he swallows his head in his secret lab. With the help of some phone cords, a few clamps and what looks like a baking pan, he brings his head back to life. But is he grateful? Not hard. In fact, she seems to be mild about everything, especially when it seems that the doctor intends to draw her head in another body. As it happens, the doctor is pretentious for this new body: he wants to be built for speed, and he has to travel on the disappointed women on the sidewalks, tangling joints, visiting beautiful body competitions and looking for cheese models in search of endowments which will lift his eyebrows. But back to the lab, the head developed a chemically-induced psychic connection with one of the physician's experiments, one so hideous that it was kept locked out of sight in a handy cabinet. Can they work together to escape the bitter and damaging laboratory care, to avenge the revenge of the doctor and save the woman whose body he is doing? May be! Driving man Jason Evers plays the rougher doctor as if he had received a massive dose of Spanish flight; Virginia Leith, the unhappy head, grins and cries, despite the fact that it does not have lungs and maybe even some vocal cords. Busty babes gyrate to incredibly tawdry music, actors make irrational character changes from line to line, dialogue is even more sensitive than plotting, and you'll need a computer to add continuity goofs. Overall, the brain, which he would not have eaten, is more fun than an Ed Wood movie. Director Joseph Green manages to keep everything moving in a good video and to watch the movie today it's easy to choose scenes that later influenced the directors who no doubt saw things when they were young and impressed and failed never go over that. The cuts made before the release of the film have been lost forever, but the cuts made for television have been restored in the Alpha version and, while the movie and the sound quality are not particularly great, it is just as good to remember that, all you have to do is start. Now this is one of those movies that you find either incredibly dull or healthy hilarious, depending on your point of view, so it's very hard to give a recommendation. But I will say this: if your tastes are going to Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you have to click on it now! Four stars for bizarre loneliness! GFT, Amazon reviewer
