From time to time, a movie is made public as scary or frightening, although usually not. Most horror movies fall into this category. Then there are those movies that do not simply cause tension and adrenaline to pump through the veins harder than usual. In fact, it scares you at a level you have never experienced. "Halloween" is such a movie. It takes so many risks that most filmmakers will overturn. But almost everyone works. "Halloween" is a sense of simplicity and a fright as a whole. The story is simple. Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) worries a few kids on Halloween night, while a madman is free after escaping from a mental institution after brutally sistering her sister more than 15 years ago. Of course, the madman, later known as Michael Myers, begins killing the local teenage population and ultimately comes after Laurie. Sounds familiar, right? Just another brainless bleed filled with foolish adolescents and gobi gore. There is no chance. I think James Berardinelli puts it perfectly in his review of "Halloween:" "Because of the title, Halloween was often grouped together with all the other popping movies that populated theaters throughout the late 1970s and early 1980s. , while Halloween is rightly considered the father of the modern slasher genre, it is not a member ... "It has a point, and for a great number of reasons. First of all, it is terrifying, while most adolescents are gore-fests (it can be argued that many of the recent ones are language, but most of them fail). Secondly, there is almost no violence (very few of them are bloody). John Carpenter knows that violence is not equal and that he relies heavily on her (in fact, the body number is quite low). In fact, it can be argued that this film is not really a horror film, at least not the current standards of having the most deaths that can be crammed into a single film, each gorier and more sadistic than the last. He relies on ideas for scarecrows and also skill. Third, while some of the characters can do silly things (sometimes they seal their fate), they do not do it because I'm stupid. Characters are real people, so instead of thinking that the characters die because they're idiots, we're frightened because they make a mistake. One of the main reasons why Halloween is so scary is because it's so easy to think it's real. Nothing is hard to swallow in this movie. There is no supernatural, there are no elements of ridiculous creation of creation or "inventive" crimes or not. Instead, all the set pieces and working with the camera (save the opening sequence) are simple. Carpenter puts the camera in position and says the action. What we have is the feeling that we actually see a crime happen right in front of us. Horror movies are probably the most difficult films to do, because if something is scary, everything has to be perfect, and ideas never work twice. It is a game of success or miss, so if I say all the good ideas that Carpenter has (which are not), it would seem primitive (especially that they repeated with a lesser effect many times through years). Action here is not a plus, because it does not have to be. This is a movie about frightening ideas, not a movie about dramatic, conflicting characters. Actors behave like real people, not characters in a story. No more. The exception to this is the one who plays The Shape, or later known as Michael Myers. It may be terrible not to tell anyone anything and simply kill them, but it's hard to shoot (and even harder to keep people asking why). But the guy pulls it out, and the result is terrifying. This is Carpenter's movie through and over. He directed it, wrote it, co-produced it and wrote her refreshing score. This is a brilliant man, and his later film "The Thing" supports this statement, though Thing is not as scary as "Halloween." Unfortunately, its success has fallen dramatically, as it happens when luring big money for less freedom is taking advantage of the fact that producers "recognize your potential." As good as this movie, it is not without defects. The famous opening scene is disturbing but not very frightening. And not many of the perverse work for the first part of the movie. It's not that it's bad, but there's no good reason to worry about "Form". Fortunately, Carpenter uses most of this time to establish a relationship between the characters and the public. Although there is no privacy in this relationship, it suits the purpose. We know the characters, but not so much that it's disgusting when they die. But once the movie arrives at Halloween night, then Carpenter hits things at high speed and never stops until you get to the end. While "Halloween" can be erroneous, it's just a little. It's an incredibly terrible movie and you have to see anyone who loves scary movies. Be warned, however, this movie will scare the hell out of you!
