There are two movie experiences that I'll always cherish. The first one saw "Star Wars" for the first time at the age of 10 with my younger brother. A close second sneak into Halloween at the Tripple Plex with my good friend, Trevor, at the end of October 1978. Halloween left me breathless, speechless and scared. Everybody knows the story. Young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween in 1963. He gets rid of a hospital of mind, after 15 years, to return to Haddofield to destroy the disaster again. He signals Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy senior who enjoys babysitting and begins to follow her. Her friends along the street are killed one after another as Michael sets up her plot to bring her. Ironically, the boy he's on Halloween is afraid of "Boogeman" and can see him out. During the murder syndrome, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) is working hard to find Michael before he unleashes his anger. He has no evidence, no proof, but only a suspicion Sheriff Bracket (Charles Cyphers) has to sell. As the park breaks out, you have a suspense movie instead of a cheap hope. Alfred Hitchcock once said, "You can have four men at a table playing cards, and they do not know there's a bomb and it goes out. It's a cheap emotion, but put four people at a table that uncovers a bomb and talk about what to do about it - then it does not work, then you have suspense. "Director John Carpenter takes those tips for Halloween Hall. The audience will see him outside, looking, watching the victims. We're gone. Will he kill her? When will she kill her? Then Michael disappears. Carpenter also uses suspense instead of the special effects that usually highlight the gorilla. This movie has little blood, but still offers good spirits. One of the best scenes is Michael's picking up from the ground. Raises the knife back when it shines from the moonlight, then leads it. Everything you hear is stupid, then the audience sees Bob's feet falling down without life. Carpenter was the first to use a point of view from the killer scene. This also has our audience peaks. What will he do? What's going on in his mind? Ultimately, Carpenter's great score adds to tension. Moreover, the tandem writing she did with Debra Hill gives us a story that develops the characters we care about. Adolescents are not "party madmen", but simply passing through the rebellious rage of teenage deserts. Finally, there is decent action in this thriller "B" with a low budget. Nick Castle, who plays "Shape" (Michael), adds something to the deadly killer. It is cold, ruthless and without pathology. Moreover, personality does everything in the same way. He only kills when he is caught or set up a trap. He divides the victims apart. It also relies on rough force. And that mask used (a white mask by William Shatner) gives an impression of something that has no soul or emotion. While Pleasance is melodramatic in his monologues, he meets like someone scared, desperate and determined. I was wondering if he represented the attempt to blur modernism to explain evil. Crown jewelery, however, is the debut of Jamie Lee Curtis. She plays the Laurie character as someone scared but also resolute and powerful who fights back. The end is one that left me speechless. This was the first concept of an indestructible serial killer who could not be stopped. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage that they can be met many times. Halloween and other frightening films do not have this advantage. So if we could clear our minds from the first time we see a movie to experience it again, fresh and fresh, Halloween would be the movie I would choose.
