As I mentioned earlier, 1978, John Carpenter's classic is one of the first two films I remember to see and be strongly influenced (the other being the classic Conan barbarian). I'm really scared that the only monster under my bed was Michael Meyers, whom I finally became friends (imaginary friend) to prevent him from killing me in my sleep. Now is a terror for a 10-year age. It is a classic of horror and I'm sure my modest review will not do the justice it deserves. The most surprising thing is that the film works, perhaps not in the guttural reaction, but rather as a cognitive possibility or an immediate subconscious. All this can happen. It is not in the sphere of impossibility or located in a foreign country (such as the most modern horror, ie Hostel, Touristas, Cry Wolf, Saw etc.). Sometimes it's graphic when the rest is downgraded to our imagination. I think this element makes people horrified or, at least, very cautious to go out at night, with the signature soundtrack still alive in the head. It still works because we can replace the implied or tertiary killing with something more terrifying that our mind can create. So we ourselves contribute to our own fears and anxiety. Carpenter blends a simple story about a middle-class, suburban and relatively benign middle-aged child who takes Halloween and kills her sister. Then he spends the next 15 years in an institution (which, fortunately, we do not have) but to escape and return to his hometown, infamous Haddonfield. In his way he kills and kills. The name of the child is Michael Meyers, although he is not a person. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the implicit safety of middle-class suburbs. In the US security and security bastion, chaos can still hit. Michael stopped being a person when he killed. He is not a serial killer, a human being or a psychopath. He is an unstoppable force. Generic overalls, White White Shatner Mask and lack of any dialogue, apart from breathing, help dehumanize and complete Michael's generation. This is the source of all power. He is without a face, without words and unimaginable in any other way than as a source of unremitting chaos. This is helped by cinematography (postcard effect), a lack of information / motivation / explanation, and the narrative experience of Donald Pleasence's veteran (Dr. Loomis). As for performance and anxiety, he sells his "Shape". This is Jamie Lee Curtis's first performance of the film as Laurie Strode, an innocent girl who takes away chaos in overwhelming odds (at least for a while). <br /> <br /> Although not the first film of this new horror movie (Black Christmas came out 4 years earlier), it is the most successful and does not diminish after the review. If you have not scared a lot of horror movies (like me), this will probably make the hair on the back of your head affected by the first strings of the signature soundtrack. I strongly recommend this film as a horror film and I have to watch the horror film and one of John Carpenter's career strengths.
