John Carpenter's Halloween <br /> <br /> Is the biggest horror movie of all time? no ... maybe not for everyone, but for me it is and will always be. The film is an absolute genius and will always have a very special place in my heart. <br /> <br /> It is regrettable that I did not get to see this movie until twenty years after the release, but even twenty years later, after they came out and they left so many slash cops , the film gave the same impact it must have done then. My father suggested before I went to Halloween H20 that I beat and rented Halloween 1 and 2 to get the complete story, and after watching Halloween, it was pretty clear that he defined and established the genre of Slasher. The story of the movie is simple. In 1963, Michael Audrey Myers murdered his sister Judith in cold blood with a big butcher knife. Charged for fifteen years to Dr. Sam Loomis, he escapes and returns to his hometown Haddonfield, where he begins to see three young girls: Laurie Strode, an innocent worm, Annie Brackett, a heavy task and Lynda Van Der Klok a beautiful and strong sexual girl. Dr. Loomis follows Michael where she is headed by Sheriff Leigh Brackett, who remains skeptical about his story about the psychotic killer. Michael looks at the ruthless girls and starts killing them one by one until all the innocent Laurie, who is the main target on Michael's list, is left alone. The filming of this film was brilliant, and all actress actors gave top performances, Jamie Lee Curtis was stunning in his first film role as Laurie Strode and Donald Pleasance gave a thrilling performance with his little role as Loomis. Nick Castle, who portrays Michael, has done a remarkable job as the soulless and evil killer, and the movements and movements of his body were perfect. One of the most important moments of this film is John Carpenter's cold-blooded score that has created one of the most famous horror themes known today. The blue light was terrifying and efficient, and one of the great moments of this film is when young Laurie takes revenge on a wall after seeing her dead friends, and in the shadows behind her, Michael's face materializes before he strikes. Michael's mask was one of the things that sent me the chills on the backbone most, the white girl without excitement worked perfectly. What makes this movie so great is that it's not a red film, unlike cheese Friday the 13th film, in fact, in this film there is very little blood and works instead on suspense and tension. <br /> <br /> It has become so clear that Halloween gave birth to films like Friday 13 and characters like Jason Voorhees, which he is just a piece of Michael Myers. To summarize, I suggest you see this movie at least once in your life, as it is a landmark in making the film and is, no doubt, the biggest one of the greatest horror movies of all time.
