I have to admit, this is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. The way John Carpenter uniquely directed this image, opening the door to so many mocking genres, it will cool you on the bone if it's the first time you watch or fetch. The sound, Michael Meyers's threatening horror, and Jamie Lee Curtis's infamous shouts give this film an instant cult status and a wonderful beginning for the independent era. I love music, I like the characters, the familiar and frightening setting, the simplistic nature of the villains and the casual chaos of all. There is no real rhyme or reason for killing from this first film, giving us a taste of the true nature of Michael. Is he crazy, or in some way a very bright beast? This question can not really be answered, but Carpenter gives us 100% more dedication to this stunning masterpiece. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter is a master of horror. While his films have not been the caliber they once had (see Ghosts of Mars), Halloween has begun his career. This is his final movie. While he has released other big names, I will always remember this as the movie that caused me to turn on all the lights, take care when babysitting, and check behind closed doors, because you did not know where evil would appear next door . Carpenter has this amazing ability to bring you into the world where he weaves. With the power of the camera, he places those images of Meyers in the places you did not expect while giving you the perception that the killer is right next to you. I liked every scene where we turned back and it was Michael, watching from a distance without anyone understanding. It was scary but shiny. I liked scenes in which Carpenter drew you almost thin air fear. There you would have thought about your business, when suddenly that horrible mask would appear from nowhere. Like the characters, and you thought it was just a trick of the eye, but Carpenter's here, it's not. Michael is not a ghost, he is a human being (or at least thinks), but he has a stronger mental capacity than most of the main characters. This leads to some very dark subjects and unexplored symbolism, but even without that, this is a scary film. <br /> <br /> Then, if you simply did not have enough of Michael just vaporizing in the windows of your house, Carpenter adds that refreshing theme music. I still have the piano keys in my mind, always wondering if Meyers looks at me through the window. Carpenter has found the perfect combination of visual fury and cooling sounds to predict what might happen to our victims who are no longer showing up. It's lethal, and it's done with refreshing originality and more emotion than anything Horror Hollywood has released today. Halloween Carpenter is a fresh breath of fresh air in the middle of what could be a tough year with real fear being replaced by Paris Hilton, you know the quality is not quite the same. Ultimately, I would like to say that even the simplistic nature of the crime of opening in this film is terrifying and cold. The use of the "clowns" masks sent me rivers in the spine. The way she was filmed with that elongation that shot the child's mask as if it were our own eyes is still one of the best horror apices ever! Sets the tone for the rest of the movie. You have the babysitter theme, you have the childish behavior you are having with Michael throughout the movie and you have Carpenter's art talent that turns into one. We could literally talk for hours on this film, but I'd rather look at it again. It's worth the repeated visit many times! Generally, I think this is one of the most remarkable movies in cinema history. Go through all the foreign movies that they think will have the opportunity to leave it to a tight budget of Carpenter and the movie. This unique film has redefined an entire generation of horror movies and continues to be an influence on modern horror treatments. The lethal combination of a truly scary killer, the powerful cinema of events (which does not normally mean too much in horror films), and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is exactly what Halloween does to make this film above the others. Sure, Freddy is cool and you feel sympathetic to Jason, but Michael is real, he's troubled, and he's on the free lust for babysitter blood. What can be better? <br /> <br /> Grade: ***** of *****
