My favorite horror movie. From the length of the first track hit to the final story, this is Carpenter's masterpiece. The Halloween night of 1963, little Michael Meyers kills the bigger sister. In the whole hall in 1978, Michael escapes Smith's Grove Sanatorium. The Halloween night, Michael returned home to murder again. The story is perfectly simple, Michael crosses and kills babysitters. Without bells or whistles, just the basics. It is Carpenter's atmosphere, which causes too much force that generates tension. Like any great horror film, events are telegraphed long before, but they still seem to happen at random, never allowing the audience the chance to guess the movie. The darker lights (most importantly), that damn creative music create the most crisp and uncomfortable scenes that I have not seen in the movie yet. There are a number of cadres, but, compared to the slasher killers, it is quite small. That and most of the crimes are almost bloodless. Fear is not in death, but in ignorance. The actor is good. PJ Soles offers much of the limited humor (and one of the best deaths), Nancy Loomis turns into decent performance and then is Jamie Leigh-Curtis. Its performance at first seems shy and uninsured, yet you quickly realize it's perfect for the character who is shy and uncertain and is not prepared for what he has to deal with. And, of course, there is Donald Pleasence, who was very well expressed as Dr. Sam Loomis determined (maybe a little unstable). The rest in peace, Mr. Pleasence. If the film has a damaging defect, it would be time. Since the release of this movie many years ago, almost countless clones, children, rip-offs and imitators have come and stolen (usually badly) the best bit movies until almost everything about it has become known. In combination with changes in expectations and appetite for the public, it is noted that much of the films have been diluted. To truly appreciate in this day and age, it must be seen as if it was, as something unique. <br /> <br /> However, I have no reserve with the recommendation of this film to all those looking for a good, scary time. Highest level. <br /> <br />
