Halloween is not just the godfather of all the slasher films but the biggest horror movie ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill have created the most suspenseful, creepy and frightening movie of all time with this classic cooler. Michael Myers is such a phenomenal monster in this film, which inspired dozens of imitators, such as Jason Vorhees (Friday, 13), My Bloody Valentine and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Okay, so I'm a little obscure, but I'm just going to show you the impact that this movie had on the whole horror genre. There is no need to come up with a monster from King Tut's tomb or Doctor Frankenstein's lab. It could be created in the comfortable neighborhoods of the suburbs. And on the night she came ... Haddonfield, Illinois and the viewers would never be the same. There are many aspects of this film that turn it into the crown jewel of horror movies. The first is the setting ... it takes place in what seems to be a normal suburban neighborhood. Many of us who grew up in an area like this can easily identify with the characters. This is the kind of neighborhood where you feel safe, but if the problem starts to happen, nobody wants to lift a finger to get involved (especially when a tough breathing madman tries to crush our young heroine) . the movie takes place on Halloween! The most frightening night of the year! While most people are carving jack-o-lanterns, Michael Myers is looking to carve some teen-boppers. In addition to setting, there is a great deal of action. Jamie Lee Curtis makes a job like our heroine, Laurie Strode, a high school who can never find a date. However, it is Donald Pleasance, as Dr. Sam Loomis, who really steals the show. The representation of the good doctor, who knows exactly what kind of evil is hiding behind Michael Myers' black eyes and feels forced to send him to Hell once and for all, is the horror story. However, it is the score of the synthesizer who really drives this picture because it seems to put the viewer almost in the movie. Once you have heard, you will never forget. I also enjoy the granular sense of this image. Nowadays, they seem to emphasize the image of each film, giving us all the possible details of the monster that we must be afraid of. In Halloween, John Carpenter never lets us look at Michael Myers. He always seems to be part of the shadows and, I think that makes him so terrifying. There are many scenes in which Michael is partially visible as he spies young adolescents (unknown to them), which adds to his anger. If you think, a wacko might look at you right now and you would not have known him. Unfortunately for our adolescents (and, fortunately, for horror fans), when they find Michael, they do not look for candy this Halloween night ... looking for blood. Eventually, Michael Myers, himself, is a key element in the effectiveness of this film. Laurie Strode's unceasing search makes him look like the killer who will never stop. He is the man who will haunt you for the rest of your life. So if you have not seen this movie (if there are still some of you who do not have, or even have), grab some popcorn, turn off every light, show them in the old DVD and watch for fear. Trick or treat!
