Recently, I went through a stage where I wanted to see why the horror films of the 90's can not keep a candle in the horror films of the 70's and 80's. I was very public in this forum about film vices such as The Haunting and Legend Urban and the like. I feel that they (and others like them) do not know what the real horror is. And it bothered me to the point where it made me go to my local movie store and rent some of the classic horror films. I'm already holding all Friday, so I hired the Texas Chainsaw massacre, the original nightmare on Elm Street, the jaws, the exorcist, the heart of angels, the exorcist, and Halloween. Now the other movies are classic in their own right, but here I want to tell you about Halloween. Because what Halloween is is maybe something that no other film in the horror movie can do, that it uses subtle techniques, techniques that do not rely on blood and gore and use them to scare the living light. I was in a single room with the lights turned off and just as stupid as I knew it was, I wanted to look behind me to see if Michael Myers was there. No movie I've seen in the last ten years has done this to me. No movie. John Carpenter made a low budget movie and scared a generation of movies. He showed that you do not need budgets in figures 8 or 9 to evoke fear for an audience. Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what actually happens, but what is going to happen. What was that shadow? What was the noise from above? He knows these are the ways to scare someone, and he uses any horror of the textbooks you think you can use. I really think he did some of his own ideas and these should be ideas that people use today. But they did not. No one uses illumination and details to cause frills, use special effects and blood rivers. And it's not the same thing. You can not scare yourself through a particularly gigantic effect, which produces loud noises and salt from a wall. There are moments when the killer is hiding, somewhere, you just do not know where, that scares you. And Halloween fails like no other movie in this effort. In 1963, a young Micael Myers kills his sister with a large butcher knife and then spends the next 15 years of his life silently locked in an institute. As Loomis (his doctor) tells Sheriff Brackett: "I spent eight years trying to find him and then seven, making sure he never goes out because what I saw behind these eyes was e- villy pure ". the manly and unceasing idea of ​​a killer who will stop at nothing to get what he wants. And all he wants here is to kill Laurie. No one knows why he wants to kill her, but he does it (Halloween II continues the story pretty well) What Carpenter has done here is taken a bizarre score, wonderful lighting techniques and wrote and directed horror masterpiece. There is a scene to be described. And this is the scene where Annie is on her way to take Paul. He goes to the car and tries to open it. Only then does he realize that he left his keys in the house. She takes them, turns around and unintentionally opens the car door without the keys. The public does this, but it is not. She's too busy to think of Paul. When he sits, he notices that the windows are blackened. She is confused and begins to wipe off the fog, then Myers is wrong, from the back seat. This is such a big scene because it pays attention to the details. We know what's going on and Annie does not. But it is an astonishing observation that Carpenter did to scare the hell out of filming in 1978 and beyond. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses clogged images of a murderer who is in the background, has shadows that threatened a wall, dark rooms, terrifying and frightening music, a dreadful story reminiscent of Donald Pleasance and a threat threatening killer. My advice to today's filmmakers is to study Halloween. It should be the blue print for what scary movies are all about. After all, Carpenter followed Hitchcock's footsteps, perhaps the director should follow them. Halloween personifies everything that scares us. If you are tired of all the horrible mindless movies that do not know the difference between evil and cute, then Halloween is a movie to be seen. You will not disappoint. I like to be scared, I do not know why, but I know. But nothing scared me in the 1990s, except for a movie (Wes Craven's last Nightmare). If you like scared beings, then Halloween is one that you should see. And if you've seen it already a hundred times, go and look it back, back in the back with a movie like Urban Legend. Urban Legend will appeal to you all the beautiful faces of the movie. Halloween will freeze you from fear, get stuck in your chair, do not want to move. Now, tell me, what horror movie would you prefer to look at? And just to watch after seeing Zombie's version, it makes you appreciate this much more. This is a classic by definition. Zombie has bastarded his version, but he does not get away from the brilliance of this.
