The first view of fire and ice reminded me of my experience, seeing last year last year. It was not a bad film, certainly not an average, but his plot and dialogue proved to be the most conventional and the worst of confusion and one-dimensional (which, probably based on Frank Miller's comic book, was the right decision to go). But its strong points have drawn attention from intense action and from bloody fighting, and having a 14-year old sense of look at men struggling with blood, with a strange creature or a super-hot woman for to go with the painter's surroundings. While I would probably see fire and ice again before 300, they both awakened that similar feeling - except that Frank Frazetta, the artist and designer of countless books and comics, working with director Ralph Bakshi in what is not typical Hollywood fare, but something for the dead fans. What does this mean for today's audience, turning to check out the film for the first time (nostalgia can now be coveted for those who were young and watched it with their VHS tapes from the Masters of the Universe that day ) is the possible consultation mentioned before and you may see something unique. Fire and ice are not even the only Bakshi rotoscopic feature, but it is probably the most fluid - if not my personal favorite - of the few that he has done and he and his team create a striking world that is prehistoric , out-of-this-fantastic world, and medieval medieval, and all touched by a hand painters on the backgrounds, skies and motifs. There is a small disadvantage for Bakshi fans in this aspect of character design; Bakshi went so far as to say he was more Frazetta than he. This may be true, but it does not make it absorbed in the eye or be curious in those moments when we do not see people killed or evacuated in fast or slow motion (my favorite was the skeleton guide momentum - how rotoscoped that amazes me). I neglected the intrigue description, because she would overcome the purpose of really recommending it. If you are already a young man in this type of approach and animation, the plot will matter depending on the degree to which two war factions or a "lady" or a princess are in danger or a hero has to prove himself or yada yada , it's enough to say that it's about Fire against Ice, with characters called Nekron and Darkwolf (the youngest man in the batch and the most comic book) and Teegra (the typical hottie that is almost * too * perfect for the teen man fantasy figure). What makes the plot a good thing is to allow a series of cliffhangers and suspense bits around the action, the progression of dangers in the near-fought battle, like when the shooters hunt after Teegra and have to fight with mad crazy monsters and creatures which burst out of tree trunks and lakes. And, usually, for Bakshi, he evokes madness (if not his inspired habit) in the middle of this simple fantastic material. If you've seen Wizards, you'll understand what I mean less. So if you're an animation buff, look for an "old school" (1980s), incredible action and design. For all the others, it is ... good, not great, as I would say without fault in connection with the 21st century logical expansion, with some modifications, 300.
