I will not claim to be a fan of Ralph Bakshi, because I'm not. I have seen up to five animated films: Coonskin, Wizards, Fritz the Cat and Lord of the Rings and finally "Fire and Ice". What I can claim is that I found "Fire and Ice" to be the most enjoyable of the batch. It's a fantastic story about swords and wizards along Conan Barbary's lines, but beautiful artworks, realistic animation, and the lively movie score give a very classic charm to this movie. , is the animation itself. I do not care what people say about rotoscopy, but in my opinion, Ralph Bakshi used this technique very efficiently here. I was amazed at how realistic the movements of the characters were. The targeting style and the designs of the photo-realistic characters, made "Fire and Ice", rather feel like a big budget fantasy blockade than a cartoon. Unfortunately, the level of art detail tends to become a bit inconsistent, especially at the end of the film. Some scenes look even flat, with little or no details of body contours or fabric folds and shadows on the characters. With realistic moves, a realistic action would naturally follow. Not only the action was well-formed, but it was really brutal. I would be so bold to compare the brutality of the action with Zack Snyder's 300-year-old action movies. However, I noticed that although there was bloodshed, the blood splashes were minimized. Again, an excellent choice by the creative team that only enhances the viewing experience by not taking too much "over the top". Although they do not recognize any "big names" in the cast, the actors' voice is able to deliver satisfactory performance; keeping the delivery of each line in a realistic way, and just tearing it to the bad guys. Did I say bad guys? Yes I did. Because that's exactly the story, a good story, good and bad. Nothing really original about the story that seems to be just a mixture of pre-existing fantastic movie clips involving warriors and wandering girls. Anyone looking for "depth" would be very disappointed. Characters are not very developed and some of them, such as Nekron and Darkwolf, have at least one dimensional aspect (I have heard rumors about some erased scenes that explain Darkwolf's obsession with the murder of Nekron and his mother. final cut to add depth to show). In fact, I would not be surprised to find that the whole movie was just a "technical demo" of how to showcase the wonderful animation and art, with the story cobbled together and thrown away as a later thought, a true "movie." A true classic of a past era, "Fire and Ice", truly surprises the spirit of adventure and thriving mysticism, its beautiful interpretations of fantastic creatures and charming characters. It's a unique vision of a world created by Ralph Bakshi and artist Frank Frazetta with a good deal of action and suspense. <br /> <br /> Should you keep in mind the animated film standards today? Of course not. But I urge animation fans in general to "lower your horse" and give this film a simple, but beautiful, chance to grow. It's really a jewel of the 80s that is worth checking out.
