Before my usual comments, my main curiosity about "NOT A LOVE SONG" is that although there is a game time displayed on the IMDb for 94 minutes, the Wellspring Media DVD in the United States takes 88 minutes. Any contribution to this is appreciated! Two friends with very harsh lives are heading for an adventure. What has ended is precisely this, with one accidentally shooting a girl and the two walking down in the countryside. Rather than a great pursuit, the movie is complicated by the spanking and rather the Spike child who behaves inappropriately and squeezes his boom box like a plush teddy bear. Some viewers may not like the story based exclusively on Spike, but without too much frustration added to the story, the movie would have been too easy. You will notice how Heaton's more stable character refers to Spike as a "big man," unlike the attitude and behavior of "Spike out of control." Honestly, I was also aggravated by Spike's ridiculous actions, especially since spraying can smell, but in a desperate situation it is obvious that someone in his mind would choose a temporary escape. But Heaton was there to keep things under control until things get over his head as well. Kenny Glenaan as Heaton is a miracle, and after a while I quit asking why in heck they want to choose Spike from prison and continue a friendship because of Glenaan's wonderful performance. After all, there are many reasons during the round, which would be a good idea for Heaton to let Spike go and try to save himself. I suppose Heaton felt like a bigger protector for Spike, and loyalty between the two is hard to break - until things are too desperate. While some of the cinema is really artistic, it offers more flavor to the story than photographs of men traveling through the wilderness. The beautiful landscapes, the rain and the lively large sky offer a sumptuous tone that raises the feeling of tragic circumstances. The score is unusual and the use of the song "This Is Not A Love Love" by Public Image Ltd., and the title of the movie is smart enough. In general, it is understandable if you do not care about the fact that it is not a song of love because it focuses on two contrasting personalities escaping from another determined man to hunt them down (played by David Bradley, cool and quiet). This is not a big budget entertainment. For the rest of us who enjoys something thoroughly and dramatically, it is time to spend time, and gives you some extremely tense moments that keep you breathing a little. I'm very happy with the films that came out of Scotland recently, with his dog's soldiers and the tattoo of the devil. I'm also a little grateful for the subtitles offered on this DVD because the accents are sometimes quick and difficult lightning for some viewers like me to understand. <br /> <br /> Frustrating, dark and often tense, NOT A LOVE PLAYER, it is a very tragic but delightful story.
