This audience is thrilled at a number of film festivals and it's not hard to see why. Director Yang Zhang, with the help of very beautiful works of the three main actors, Xu Zhu as father, Master Liu; Quanxin Pu as the greatest son, Da Ming; and especially Wu Jiang as the youngest irresistible and loving son, Er Ming, turns a story that will warm up the coldest heart. The film starts with a man showering in an automatic cabin in the middle of Beijing. He puts some money in a slot, opens the door, removes his clothes and puts them on a conveyor belt to be cleaned, travels in the shower and cleanses with brushes and drops of water and soap as if he were a car at car wash. This is the symbolically future, and the old bath we will see in the next scene is the past. China's agrarian is heading for industrial China. Pollution? Is the cultural revolution shaking? Industrialization Blues? No way. What we have here is a celebration of men and their kindness and love to one another, a celebration of goodness in the hearts of men. However, I wonder how the Chinese government looks at this film. On the one hand, it clearly shows a pleasant view of China and its people. It is strictly rude, without criticizing the current or implicit regime. However, there is the slightest sense that the old old ways will be replaced by something that can not be as good. I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to let it be the way it was. Tell a story about the elderly in the bathroom, where the laundry and massages return, where they tell high stories and recall the good old days, where they can relax and play Chinese chess and cricket battles in stadiums where the Master is a spouse and the old wise and his assistant is his son, who may be retarded or autistic, but who does his job with joy and an infectious spirit of fun and goodwill. Return to the stage your older son, Da Ming, who is polished, well-groomed and taciturn. He does not feel comfortable with what he sees as the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother. He represents modern modern China with tie and briefcase, mobile phone and education. He turned back just because he thought his father was dying. When he sees it as untrue, he packs his bags and returns to his wife and career. But then there is a crisis, and during this crisis Da Ming sees the value of the natural, human-centered life that his father and brother lived. Thus, Yang Zhang reconciles the old and the new, and does so in such a charming way that I will not object, especially since his style is so elegant and so carefully expressed. One of the beautiful things that makes me miss in most movies is how it coincides with the subplots in the bigger story so they can be resolved before the picture ends. The regular baths that sing "One Mio" in the bathroom as the water showers on it, unlike Er Ming's excitement, find she can not sing in public because of the fear of the scene. Near the end of the film she loses her fear of the scene and sings thanks to an inspired help from Er Ming. And the boy who loses his wife because ... well, he tells a story to his master Liu before confessing the real reason. But Liu understands again before the movie ends, the husband and wife are reconciled. This kind of "happy" shooting is unusual in today's artistic and international films or in almost any adult film. Some happy endings are so controversial that they make people embarrass not only their contrivers but also their audience. And some are so blandly condescending that the public is offended. Here, however, the audience is delighted. You see this especially for Wu Jiang's comedy performance, whose warm effervescence overcomes any disability his character may have.
