"Foxes" is a serious look at the consequences of growing too fast in the 1980s. And unlike the teen sex comedies that have shaken him (Porky's, Fast Times at Ridgement High), the film rises well against time. Her theme of teen angst is as relevant today as it was 25 years ago and Jodie Foster and sk8er boi Scott Baio (remember him?) Drives a beautiful young cast who deserves to forget. The film follows four South California girls as they move through a root sex and drug existence and deprived of their parents. Adolescents spend their days in school and school and in their nights at parties, concerts or in the streets. I'm rare at home because instant pardon is a pill, a party or a boy away. But rather than their condemnation, the film is sympathetic, blaming the absent, adults who are not allowed to force adolescents to grow alone. And the charismatic distribution is impossible to despise. Opening the movie? a long and loving wedge - sets the tone for what follows. We see the sleeping girls one day in the midst of the twinkies-defining objects from Twinkies to a picture of a young John Travola, while "On the Radio" at Donna Summer is underneath. it raises the speed that the girls go to school and to life. Annie (Runeway Cherie Currie Rocker) is the wild child who lives for the next party or pill. Deirdre (Kandice Stroh) is the queen of the crazy boy of drama. Madge (Marlilyn Stroh) is a shy girl over her head. And Foster is the one with the plan. It's her job to keep this crew together long enough to finish high school, while she also owns the divorced and desperate mom in line hunting (Sally Kellerman). It's almost impossible to do, and one that Foster ultimately fails to. Despite his age, "Foxes" remains a pleasure to look. Hair, clothes, and references to Olympic sketcher Dorothy Hamill did not hurt the movie. The cinema is simply stunning, with stunning shoots of L.A. filters at dawn, evening and night. Giorgio Moroder adds an 80s soundtrack, including the girls from Donna Summer and Janis Ian. Perhaps the biggest disappointment of the film is that the young stars around Foster never broke like "The Elmo Tower" 1985) or "Empire Records" (1995). "Foxes" shows why they should have. But perhaps the Bowling for Soup "1985" melody only hit a wall.
