I saw this movie in the theater when it came out. I grew up in Scottsdale and I went to Arizona State and I was very happy to see locations where I spent so much time. I remember when I thought Barbara's adventure in a rock sound (actually R and B - in my ears) was a success story. I have never been a fan of Kris' singing until his last effort for New West. As a composer and actor, however, he has serious chips, IMHO. I think that's a wonderful story. I like better than the Judy Garland version, and I have never seen the original of Janet Gaynor from Selznick. <br /> <br /> I think they made some changes in this long-awaited DVD version. Among other things, I remember the helicopter shot that reveals a stack of Sun Devil that is longer and more dramatic. I wish they had done a better job writing music for Kris or forbid God, to put some original songs there. <br /> <br /> Along these lines I have some information from a primary source that says music was a problem for Kris and Barbara. While interviewing for my own musical documentary "Rocking the Boat: Musical Conversation and Travel," I interviewed Stephen Bruton, a good singer / songwriter / guitarist, with professional and personal ties close to Kris, Bonnie Raitt and Delbert McClinton others . Stephen was in "Speedway," the character band John Norman. Kris had a very difficult time to turn what was essentially a pop score into something that could pass through the rock. Stephen was and is Kris's friend and member of the long-running band. There was a tension on the set, and at one point the band was tied to Kris in the presence of Barbara. She noticed that the band should not talk to him like that. Kris even came back in the sense that they were his friends and they were rock-roll! Eventually, Barbara came and decided to use Kris's live performances in the film, and he especially played Stephen's role in making things work. I have earned even greater respect for her as an artist after hearing this story. It makes a lot of her like a diva. What he is is a professional. And I'm not gay. Not that there is nothing wrong with that.
