A blockbuster at the time of its original release (it was the second film with the biggest summary of 1976), the third version of A STAR IS BORN screen has always divided critics and fans. The film was open to negative reviews, however, the budget image of $ 5.6 million continued to earn over $ 150 million at the box office and earned an Oscar and five Golden Globes. It is not ironic that Streisand's most successful film will also remain the most controversial. For every ten fans who say STAR is Streisand's best film, there are ten more people claiming to be the poorest film in his filmography. Although both sides have merit to support their claims, it should also be noted that the seventies have assumed the role of A STAR IS NORN remains one of the most exciting dramas of the show Hollywood has ever produced. For my money, it's the best version of the story often told. The film is solid and very absorbed. Changing the setting from the old Hollywood studio system to the competitive world of the music industry was actually a great idea, and the script creates a realistic contrast between character romance and their careers. This is the main area that A STAR IS BORN's 1976 version actually exceeds classical predecessors. For example, the film is particularly successful when it describes the personal and professional difficulties faced during recording sessions and unfinished phone calls that interrupt Kristofferson's composing attempts. This version of the story is also more credible in portraying lead characters. For example, the women who lead in the two previous variants were so virtuous and sacrificed that they came as saints. On the other hand, Esther, the woman who runs this version, is not only portrayed as strong and passionate, but also erroneous and in conflict. This makes her feel more "real" than the characters Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland felt in previous films and make the story much more effective. Performances are all on target, even if some of them support characters are not detailed enough. If you are looking for an actress / singer who can cross the fine line between the best and the most vulnerable, without seeming to be a scenario scenario, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. It is one of the few film stars that can make even the most trivial dialogue look fresh and natural and as it usually manages to make a strong emotional bond with the spectator. Simply, Esther is a fully human three-dimensional being. Kris Kristofferson may not be much more respected now for his characterization, but he always has an interesting watch and has a magnetic charisma here, which he rarely displays elsewhere in his career. Kristofferson has actually received reviews at that time from NEWSWEEK, TIME, and even from Pauline Kael's, usually vicious NEW YORKER. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also offer credible performances, but both have a fairly small amount of time on the screen. The recording in the sound of the film was also a massive hit, hit No. 1 on Billboard's Hot 200 and selling four million copies only in the US. Evergreen (with verses by Paul Williams) composed of "Streisand" is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful songs in contemporary pop, brought to a better life through an absolutely incomparable performance of the Streisand voice. The rest of the original songs of the film (composed mostly of Williams and Rupert Holmes) are pretty good, and Streisand sounds fantastic - his live solo numbers remain in memory long after the rest of the movie has disappeared. Streisand's vibrant performances bring "Woman on the Moon" and "With a Look More To You" in the thrilling life and to make even more numerous, such as "Queen Bee", much better than they are right. Kristofferson's solo numbers have sounded to some extent, but he may have been deliberate, because he plays a singer in decline. Although it is naturally dated in some respects (certainly reflects the decade it has been done), the seventies to take a STAR born is still remarkably well. The film is well mounted and slickly produced, the chemistry between the leads is extremely powerful and always feels authentic, and Streisand has two emotional scenes near the final that are both effective pain. In conclusion, A STAR IS NORN is not only fun and moving, but also transcends all the criticisms.
