I've always been a huge James Bond fanatic! I've seen almost all the movies, except Die Another Day, and the World is not enough. Graphics for Everything or Nothing Breaths! Talente de voce ......... WOW! LOVE BROSNAN PIERCE! He is finally Bond in a video game! IS BOND! I liked Bond games in the past: Goldeneye, The world is not enough, Agent under fire and Nightfire. This is definitely the best! Finally, Mr. Brosnan, (can I call Mr. Brosnan a sign of respect? Yes, I can!) He was phenomenally interesting to hear in a video game ....... AT LONG LAST! SPIRIT! I saw him doing Robin Williams and let me tell you I'm doing a great team. Pierce Brosnan is funny, badly beautiful (I mean bad in a good way) and just one of those actors you want to help and wrap your arms around and hug, saying, "Pierce Brosnan, thank you for being James Bond, "" If it had not been for you, I would not know who James Bond was. "He's a great actor! I'm a great fan of Willem Dafoe, even though I've seen him in some movies. His role as Nikolai Diavalo was brilliant. (Did I say the name of the character?) LOL !!!! He does a wonderful job with an accent. Sometimes I can not hear any accent. I saw Willem, that is, Mr. Dafoe, in two films: Finding Nemo and Spider-Man with my favorite actress: KIRSTEN DUNST! She's TARE! However, He never ceases to amaze. And Richard Kiel, wow, he certainly had the part of Jaw's head. I saw him in the movie and it's great! In fact, my grandfather met Mr. Kiel and I was jealous when they told me. But, Kirsten Dunst is at the top of my list of Celebrity, which I want to meet. John Cleese breathes. I've never seen a better person like the wisecracking game, and the gadget creating Q! Mister. Cleese was hilarious! I saw him working with Pierce Brosnan in Goldeneye and Tommorow Never Dies. He is wonderful! John Cleese's latest project is Shrek 2 with Mike Myer, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrew and Eddie Murphy. (Shrek 2 is now in his theater!) GOOD LUCK 007! Oh, yes, and as Q says alway: "Raise 007!"
