Do not get me wrong. "GoldenEye" was revolutionary and is certainly the best FPS game that relies on the 007 franchise. But the series fell into a FPS routine. Enter "All or nothing" that puts Bond in the third person. When I wrote my earlier review of "From Russia With Love," we finished the FRWL and we just started the EON and judged EON a little roughly. Even though FRWL surely has a touch of nostalgia and the essence of the franchise franchise, EON is certainly superior to in-depth controls and variety of gameplay. The missions range from the operating standard and from shooting to driving an SUV, driving an Aston Martin, driving a limousine that is trapped to explode, commanding two different tank types at GoldenEye, riding a motorcycle, flying with a a helicopter, a tree guarded by laser excitation wires and a free fall after a drop-off dame. Sure, vehicle controls are a little awkward, but the problem is variety. Because the adaptations of the movie, "GoldenEye" and FRWL were all I could hope for. But the original story of the EON adds the feeling of controlling a James Bond adventure. This is helped by the impressive distribution list of Willem DeFoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum and Misaki Ito. Judi Dench and John Cleese resume M and Q movie roles and Pierce Brosnan respectively, while Sean Connery does not add credibility to the game. All the characters resemble the stars, except the disappointing Heidi Klum, which is the model in the game does not justify the real model. Mya's theme song is on par with at least some of the Bond title songs. <br /> <br /> The game also plays a tribute to some of Bond's older movies. The character of Willem DeFoe is Christopher Walken's former colleague of bad guy in "A View to a Kill." Richard Kiel appears as "The Spy Who Loved Me" and "Moonraker" Jaws in three battle scenes, the first and the best of which is in the same way as a movie fight. The single player game consists mainly of standard leg trips like Bond. Like Bond, you'll be able to choose whether to use stealth or go out with thriving weapons. The game offers plenty of opportunities to use stealth with a lot of wall and object coverage. Unfortunately, unlike FRWL, only one EON button controls both the hook and the wall, so Bond can collapse when he should look around a corner and vice versa. The game also allows players to enter "Bond Reflex" mode. As you navigate your inventory, everything around you will go into super-slo-mo, allowing you to analyze the objects around you with which to interact. While this does something ordinary, this way will ultimately allow you to perform many spectacular "Bond moments", such as shooting a chandelier to take four gowns underneath and a lot to add the feeling of Bond. <br /> <br /> There are 3 levels of difficulty available: operative, agent and double Oh. At operative, you can pass in a few hours. Agent, a few weeks. At Double Oh, a few months. The level of difficulty can be changed for each mission. Getting high scores on missions will unlock gold and platinum awards and effects such as vehicle upgrades and expensive costumes that Bond girls wear. Some missions can be extremely frustrating due to a lack of control points, but when everything is said and done, no mission is but a single action scene in a Bond movie. Multiplayer, unfortunately, is not as thrilling. "GoldenEye" still has the best multiplayer mode of any Bond game. The main EON multi-player is a co-op campaign that puts players responsible for smaller MI6 agents on a less important mission than Bond's. A more standard match of death from one person to another can be unlocked in this way. But single-player mode is Bond's most complete experience so far. Closing, as in most Bond games, is anticlimactic. While the final mission is one of the most aggravating games, the final confrontation with the villain is disappointing. Also, the levels that require Bond to quickly become largely a matter of trial and error. However, for any serious Bond fan, not playing this game amounts to losing one of the Bond films.
