I'm a big fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire and Almost Famous (I was not that big on Singles), so I'm sure to look forward to everything Cameron Crowe's. I went to see Vanilla Sky because she was told that it was a very weird movie, and I probably would not like it if I expected something similar to other Crowe movies. Well, after I just saw it, let me say the first one was right, and the last one could not be wrong. It's a very strange movie and nothing is coming together. Anyone who tells you that they have seen that he came to the middle of the movie is either lied to you or is unable to detach his retrospective from memory. Anyway, the movie was stellar and I look forward to holding it as soon as the DVD is released. I was excited about the film and I felt consumed to the end. This is an experience that will attract the viewer the whole spectrum of human emotion if the viewer will allow him to enter into the plot. In the theater where I saw the movie, there were more than a few people who clearly lost the movie and were bored when they found they had failed to return to the stage. I'm sure others do not have the ability to properly watch such a movie. I do not mean the sound is siren, but some people are more cut for the genre of Seagal, Chan, Van Damme, and these genres are probably not going to enjoy this movie. It's very cerebral, so make sure you're ready for a two-hour mental bell, and much later on. As far as comparing this movie to other Crowe films, it is very similar in at least, in all Crowe films, the soundtrack is a character for itself. This is almost certainly due to Crowe's long ties to music, as somebody who has almost seen, and his marriage to Nancy Wilson. It was also noteworthy that there was a definite chemistry between Tom Cruise's director and director Crowe, who made the film look familiar to everyone who saw Jerry Maguire. In my opinion, this is not a bad thing. Anyway, if we had to compare this movie to any other film, I'd say: If you enjoyed David Fincher's game, surely be a Fan of Sky Vanilla.
