Warning: Contains spoilers. If you have not seen this movie and are planning to do this, stop reading here and take my word for it. You have to watch this movie. I have seen it four times so far and I have not yet thought about what happened in the movie. That's all I'm going to say because if you have not seen this movie, then do not read right now. If you read, then I will ask a few questions for you and maybe if you have any answers you can send me an email and tell me what you think. I remember my English teacher very well. His name was Mr. Krisak. For me, he was wise beyond his years, and he always had this way to teach you things you probably did not think too much about. If we did not like Shakespeare, then he turned the story into a modern love story with modern language, so we could understand. Our classroom was never a room, it was a cottage and I was at the lake reading a book in my spare time. This was his own way of erasing something in our mind-like sponge. <br /> <br /> We started this review of Vanilla Sky with a description of this brilliant man because he once gave us a mission that was engraved in my mind as the long-lost friend's phone number and it made sense to me after I watched the Matrix. If I did not know better, I would have thought that the Wachowski brothers were really just an alias for my teacher, Mr Krisak. But by giving them the benefit of doubt, we assume he was not. But this was the first time this mission was more than impassable. <br /> <br /> He asked us to prove to him and ourselves that they were real. Show me how you can say you're real. This has led the class to highlight all the common ideas I can imagine. Everything, from pain, to sense of touch, to the sense of loss to the sense of hunger, was sprinkled on our teacher to prove that we are real. After every scenario I gave, he will return with one answer that would leave us speechless. "What happens if you are just someone else's dream?" <br /> <br /> If you were the dream of someone else? What question was made. This was a question / scenario set for us 15 years ago, before the astronomical use of the Internet and the rapid advancement of computers. How far could it seem then? But if you look at today's technology, ask yourself now what was part of someone else's dream. Another brilliant but surreal film this year, Mulholland Drive from David Lynch explored similar areas. But Vanilla Sky goes deeper than any other movie could hope for. In short, this is a movie that will literally (if you let it) blow your mind from all the possibilities that surround you. <br /> <br /> Open your eyes. <br /> <br /> Tom Cruise plays David Aames, a young man, shot, right, full of himself editor and owner of several magazines. He has inherited this from his father, and although he has talent and understanding in business, his Board of Governors, the Seven Dwarfs, thinks he is a rich boy born with a silver spoon in his mouth. They feel he has done nothing to deserve the climax of the success that each of them thinks should follow. <br /> <br /> At the beginning of the movie, we meet one of David's wonderful toys named Julie Gianni, played with pernicious but bloody perfection by Cameron Diaz. David and Julie play a good game, both claiming to be just there to use each other and that they are not interested in a monogamous and dedicated relationship. This is the type of relationship proportional to the other butterflies David has had in the sexual life of his life. And, although both of us are talking a good game, we can say that only one truly tells the truth. <br /> <br /> Then we meet Brian Shelby, played with a genius accident by Kevin Smith's good friend Jason Lee. Brian writes a book that David will publish, but they are also very good friends. This is something that David has very little in his life and you can feel a real care of each other at the beginning of the movie. Brian has a famous line that always tells David. And this is "sweetness is not so sweet without bitterness." He continues to tell him that one day he will find true love and not just the part-time lover he feels to commit with all the flames that have lived in his bed for a night or two. David's huge anniversary (so big that Steven Spielberg wants a happy birthday), Brian enters with the date when he entered, Sofia Sorrano, played by Penelope Cruz, which must be the best performance of this year by an actress. This is a bash by invitation only and at first David and Sofia seem intrigued with each other. And typically David, despite the fact that his best friend is there, he starts flirting with Sofia. To complicate things, Julie appears uninvited and begins to spy on David. David spends the night with Sofia, but they talk and bring cartoons to each other. There is no boring. The next day, when David leaves the apartment in Sofia, he is met by Julie, who gives him a ride from there ... well, I think I saw all the ads. <br /> <br /> This is all I will really say about the plot, because from here the film tears us with what is reality and what is the blurred perception. We are introduced into a character played by Kurt Russel and several other shady characters who play a role in this maze, such as fog. There is a subtext of death and possible panacea treatments that may or may not create the possibility of eternal life. This is just one of the exciting possibilities the movie offers, but it does not end there. Like many movies that seem to thrive today, this movie has a secret. Sixth Sense may have started this madness, but it looks even more back and maybe we thank Angel Heart for the start of madness. Regardless of its origin, Vanilla Sky has one of its own intestinal abuses. And what makes this so fun is that the film gives you many obvious hints along the way, but not enough to give you an apodictic solution to the glove of truth and lies that you have just put. I've seen this movie four times and every time it's been because I want to see if there's something more I can raise, something I can understand. To be able to work your mind in theater, to let you open new possibilities is something rare in a movie. All the ersatzes called "Best Pictures of the Year" were good, but they were not spectacular. They lack the substance. A beautiful mind was interesting but full, Royal Tenenbaums was interesting but uneven. Vanilla Sky is a rarity because it is a film that leaves much to your desire to guarantee more satisfaction for the film and those who cared about it. I know this movie has received mixed reviews, but I think those who do not like do not get it right. <br /> <br /> This is what the movie should be. This is the goal you need to make a movie. It's supposed to make you feel something. Most of the other movies this year were just empty spaces. It is not. <br /> <br /> 10 of 10 The Best Movie of the Year. I'd love to see this movie nominated for the best picture and I'd love to see Cruz for best actress, Diaz for Best Support, Cruise for Best Actor and Jason Mewes ar it has to be a shoe for the best actor. Cameron Crowe should be there as well. None of this can happen, and that's a shame. This is a movie that should not be missed. And, in a final note, I'm pretty sure Mr. Krisak would like this movie and maybe this is the movie that can answer the question. Can you prove that you are real? Or are we just a fiction of someone's imagination? Are we artificially transplanted for someone else's drunkenness? This is a movie that generates more questions than answers. And I'm sure he's fine with him. Open your eyes
