How strange the human mind is; this center of activity in which the perceptions of reality are formed and preserved, and where the point of view of the world is based on the fine functioning of the brain, the most delicate and complicated processor of all sensory things. And how much do we really know about inner functioning, its depth, or its capacity? What is in the mind that allows us to discern between reality and a dream? Or can we? Maybe our sense of reality is nothing more than an impression of what we actually see, as if we were looking at a painting of Monet, in which the vanilla sky of his vision becomes our reality. It is a concept visited by director Cameron Crowe in his film "Imaginative and Consciously Altered", "Vanilla Sky" with Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At the age of thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) inherits an advertising empire left by his father. His control interest, fifty-one per cent, turns him into a marked man because there are seven members of his board of directors, each being considered more worthy than young Aames, who holds the lion's share of the company. And fueling dissatisfaction fires is their perception that David does not have the focus that jobs require. Of course, David likes to play; however, he is in control of the business and does what he sees fit if the plaque (which he calls "Seven Dwarfs") likes it or not and nobody has had the courage to challenge it directly. But during a birthday party in honor, one of the corporate lawyers, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall) warns David that the seven are at something behind him. At that point, however, it is the last thing David's mind has; he had a casual adventure with a girlfriend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but even this moves to the back burner when she meets a woman at the party so she can not get out of her mind. Her name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz), and after she only knows her for one night, she becomes an essential part of her life - to be turned upside down, like the morning after the party, he makes a decision that will change life forever. And he's about to learn that sometimes he just does not come back. Director Cameron Crowe has made and delivered much more than another movie with this film; far more than a movie, "Vanilla Sky" is a vision. Beginning with the first images that appear on the screen, he has a stunning visual experience that affects both viscerally and cerebrally. It is a twist of mystery that will swallow you and remove you; from an emotional point of view, is a rush - and it can leave you exhausted because it requires an effort to stay with it. But it's worth it. Think of "Memento" with a rock n 'roll soundtrack and a vibrant assault of the brush stroke of the impresionist. There is darkness and light and that bitch sounds and drives until you feel that the blood is rushing through your veins and beating in your brain. And all came out of a virtual reality landscape that was spinning under that vanilla sky that was expanding. Simply, this is a true journey; is exciting - and is a mind bender. As for the performances here, those who can not pass Tom Cruise's mind like Maverick in "Top Gun" or Ethan Hunt in "The Impossible Mission," or those who only perceive it as a "cinema star" rather than an actor, will have to think again in the light of his work here. Because, as David Aames, Cruise gives the best performances of his career, one who should check any doubt about his ability as an actor at the door. In recent years, he has made some exciting career choices, with films such as "Magnolia" and "Eyes Wide Shut", just warming up for the very real and complex character that he creates here. And give him the credit because he has taken on a role that removes any sense of vanity; this is Cruise, as you have not seen before. "Jerry Maguire" earned him an Oscar nomination, and that should also be the admiration and recognition of his colleagues. Cruise is not only good in this movie, it's remarkable. Penelope Cruz turns into a remarkable, if not exceptional, performance, like Sofia, the woman of David's dreams. There is an innocent innocence she brings to this role that works well for her character and makes it accessible in the future, but she has no clue of mystery that would add that special something "something extra". But Crowe knows how to get the best out of his actors and he did it with Cruz. He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who is absolutely vibrant as Julie. Never look better, and sirens on the screen. But do not make any mistake, this is not a "dressing-up" part, and Diaz delivers a complete package with this character. The quality of its performance can actually be measured in the impact it produces with a rather limited screen time. And she is the person she integrates so much with her innate beauty, which makes Julie so unforgettable. Generally, a terrible job by Diaz. Together with Kurt Russell (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson of New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). Approximately halfway, it can question your own sense of reality; but be sure that by the end of the "Vanilla Sky" everything will be revealed. It's a reality-bender, to be sure, and a wild one; but this is an exciting fun that offers a satisfying - and unique - experience that I must see to believe. It is the essential and absolute magic of movies. 10/10. <br /> <br />
