I for one like this movie for some reason, I will go late, but I want you to touch why I think people do not like it. First, there are people who want to hate Tom Cruise. I do not really understand. Secondly, Cameron Crowe thinks he managed to eliminate two groups of films with this movie. The casual, relaxed filmmaking group, "Do not Think To Think Too Late", remains confused when the intrigue has a total of 180 at the end of the movie. And deep fans, philosophers, mysteries are devastated when Crowe has one of his characters, he completely explains the mystery. This is a good movie. And Tom Cruise does a really good job in this. I think it's probably his best performance of what we've all seen, though I have not seen all of his movies, or even most of them, probably. Also, support distribution is good. Penelope Cruz offers solid performance, and Jason Lee was pleased. I love the story and I think that's what Vanilla Sky is more than anything. It's a mystery, a romantic adventure and a comedy, but it's mostly just a good story. And he has a lot of philosophical subtleties, and many similar ideas and stories happen in historical philosophy. David Aames (Cruise) is the man who had everything he wanted, lost it more or less, got a second chance with a catch to regain everything back, and eventually with whom confronts demons and his whole sphere of what is happening, chooses reality, simplicity and normality to see if he can eventually find the only thing he could never catch: happiness. Many people were disappointed that Crowe stretched the mystery completely at the end. I think it is necessary. The public knows beyond the shadow of a doubt that David is aware of his circumstances and makes election at the end even stronger. And the music in the movie is great. It's probably what makes the movie as pleasant as it is. In particular, "Njosnavelin" by Sigur Ros, which is an amazing song. <br /> <br /> In total, I would give it 3 out of 4 stars. It's a film with a substance for those who like to think things and a great story for those who want to relax. This "moderate" approach is probably why people do not like it so much because it's not a soul-filled mystery or love story. Mix and match with different elements and genres.
