I really enjoyed this movie because I have an extraordinary interest in American history ... Antebellum and civil war in particular. I bought it recently from a bunch of previously watched videos for sale in the supermarket, and I was very happy to add this photo to my video history collection. Although not the size of civil war films, such as "Glory" or "Gettysburg," it offers a lot of history about the fraternity of civil war among the West Point cadets. Perhaps they are the gray uniforms, the youth or the military discipline, but I am fascinated by the story of the Cadet Corps around 1830 to the brink of war. I imagine what it was like to be sitting in a classroom with other young people, learning how to make war, then giving lessons to use against your colleagues later! In fact, there were two classes graduated in 1861: one class in May, the other in June. the film does not really mention this, except for Henry A. DuPont, the first graduate of the May class; and George Custer, the last grade of the June class. the reason for the two classes was not so much war, but the result of passing a four-year course after a few years of experimentation with a five-year course (I think the first class had participated in five years and the other for four) . As the film portrays, the cadets are like brothers and often have nicknames for each other ... George "Fanny" or "Autie" Custer; Alonzo "Lon" Cushing; James "The Beauty" Stuart (for JEB Stuart, class of 1854), etc. I say this movie is "Santa Fe Trail" as it should have because the 1940 movie, while pleasant, history. Cadets from several different classes graduate together. JEB Stuart and George Custer are portrayed as their best friends and are next to stopping John Brown's insurrection in 1859 at Harper's Ferry. In fact, Stuart and Custer were never friends, but enemies during the war. They faced each other (for the first time, I guess) at Gettysburg in 1863 (Stuart was at Harper's Raid, but Custer was still a Cadet at the Point when he took place). "Fanny" Custer plays a role in "Class of '61", though his classmates, Dev O'Neill and Shelby Peyton are fictitious. I think they're based on Partick Henry O'Rorke and John Pelham, two people you can look for. Anyway, I really enjoy this movie or any movie that offers a window in the mid-19th century America.
