Someone (or something like ...) leaves traces of puncture on jugular victims and gives blood victims to death. Police detective Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas, before sliding off the horror genre of B for several heights) is hit on who ... or what ... is behind these notorious crimes. The village is overcome by hysteria, and Karl depends on his trusted medical genius, Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill, still an effective role of a crazy scientist), to give feedback on what could cause the death of the innocent. He also fears the safety of his beloved Ruth (the wonderful Fay Wray who plays for the third time with Atwill after "Doctor X" and "The Mystery of the Museum of Wax"), who is Niemann's assistant. <br /> <br /> Dwight Frye steals the film as a village idiot who collects bats and wearing a dementia dementia wherever he goes ... it's easy to see why he gets suspect because local paranoia is one step of fever. Maude Eburne provides film humor as a very naive (and slightly influenced) patient von Niemann, who thinks he has affections he reads in the books near the lab where he works. She is impressive and von Niemann often feels just her humor and constant fictitious affections she feels angry with. Lionel Belmore is still returning to another Bürgermeister, scared, superstitious. Creaky, static but rather fun, yet thanks to the tower. The film is obviously as low as the budget, but that does not do much harm to the movie, since it's done well by director Frank R Strayer and his crew. I'm sure the movie footprint has seen better days. This is a kind of B-horror item that you find packed with 50 other cheese producers and programmers of poverty. The villain of the movie ... and his motives to feed a synthetic biological creature ... definitely offers a different formula to Frankenstein's formula. Many might be disappointed by the final results, because the film is moving away from being a real supernatural story about a real vampire killer who has caused the murders.
