In an attempt to earn money in the success of Universal Horror, Majestic Pictures hired several popular actors of the current genre and put them in that effort that, from a realistic point of view, is far from equally good. With this, it still deserves all the time and there is a lot of fun to see and, in my opinion, it is better than most of what was going to pass today like a horror! The story takes place in the small German city of Klineschloss where the bodies gathered completely drained of blood and suspicious punching marks. Burgermister Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) shouts "It's vampires," but local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks he's a madman who is responsible and he promises to catch him. SPOILER ALERT ***** Burgermeister and most of the people in the town believe that local kook, Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye), who loves bats and who speaks frequently, is the one he's looking for and watching until it collapses into a cave. The one responsible for the killings is Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill) who has created a new form of blood-eating tissue mass and realizes this by having a kind of mind control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer ) that comes out at night to collect the blood. Dr. Otto has a well-known assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and an annoying aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne), but they have no idea what he has to do, but Karl gets suspicious when one of the murders occur after Herman's death. Frank R. Strayer has never been confused with the fact that he was James Whale, but he was a competent director who has come to direct most of the Blondie films of that series, and with this film he uses the same sets from "The Old Dark House," filmed at Universal. I'm the first to admit that this movie is sometimes humming sometimes, but it's virtually impossible to resist a movie that has a cast like this, including Frye who does his role quite a bit like Renfield just this time when he gets bored with bats and hits them and keep in their pocket for safe storage! One thing that does not make sense has Dr. Otto's mind control over Emil, because the film never explains this, and I had a strong feeling that this was a kind of indignation at the Dr. Caligari Cabinet, but the other side is probably the worst part of the scenario. There are several other spots I've noticed, including Frye's pursuit in the big caves, which is obviously an early blow to the infamous Bronson Canyon where many other movies were made and also Wray's brown hair, which is her true color. True fans of the horror movie will appreciate this more than others, but I think this is a fun movie you can watch for everyone and with a distribution just as attractive as it deserves a look.
