This is one of the most underestimated masterpieces of all time in my opinion, its provocative, fun and sad thought with amazing performances around! All the characters are wonderful and the story is brilliant! Plus Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie are just amazing in this! The ending is very strong, however I will not destroy it for you and I thought the character's development was top notch! Plus you can really relate to all the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, so how you will be rooted for them, plus I liked how she moved slowly and gives you the chance to know all the characters and what it is all about. I can not believe that this only has a rating of 5.9 here because it should be much bigger in my opinion, and it was funny seeing Randy Quaid in this type of role plus this is extremely good written and done as well! A scene that really came to me was when Madge (Marilyn Kagan) is totally embarrassed by her mother for the party, and the movie has many surprising moments! Plus the dialogue is great. This is one of the most subordinate masterpieces of all time (in my opinion), its provocative, funny and sad thought with amazing performances all around and say: Go to see immediately, you have to love yourself! The direction is fantastic! Adrian Lyne does a fantastic job here with great work on the room and keeping the movie at a very delightful pace! The action is amazing! Jodie Foster is very cute and amazing as always! She was extremely enjoyable, she cared, she was in love, she was intense in some scenes, she was concentrated and she and Cherie Currie were the heart of the movie like Jeanie and Annie! (Foster Rules !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is a bit hot and amazing here, I really felt sorry for her character because she had a very nice character who just needed help, gave a strong performance and created a very memorable character, it was amazing! Scott Baio is great as Brad he was really pleased, and did his job well I liked. Randy Quaid is great in his serious, surprising role, I liked it. Sally Kellerman is great as the mother I really liked. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are both very good like Madge and Deirdre, and they did what they had to do like the other two friends. Laura Dern has a very early role here, because it was great to see her, but not too much. The rest of the song does well. In general, go see immediately, is an undervalued masterpiece! ***** of 5
