Actually the same movie just like "House of Wax" - Vincent Price's first real hit hit hit last year - but seriously who cares, because "Mad Magician" offers as many emotions Sheer period delightful fixed phases, D, sublime performance and macabre horror acrobatics as its predecessor! "Never change a winning team" is exactly what writer Crane Wilbur must have thought when he wrote down the character of Price Don Gallico, another tortured soul beset by fate and besides revenge against those who wronged him . Don Gallico is about to make his first illustrious show, like Gallico the Great, and plans to show the biggest magic trick in history; entitled "Girl and frog knife". Solo promising gallico career is suddenly destroyed before it starts even when its former employer Ross Ormond appears on the stage and shoves a contract under the nose, saying that all Gallico inventions are the property of the company. Stupid and tireless Ormond, who, by the way they also ravaged his wife once Gallico's girlfriend, buzzed the Buzz trick and saw the program in the show of Gallico's rival The Great Rinaldi. Inevitably, Gallico also hit Ormond's sadistic sweeps, but ??? also being a master of creating disguises? recreates the image of his victim and even begins to lead a double life. "Mad Magician" is a funny and completely unpretentious 50 Grand Guignol horror movie, with lots of ups and downs in the incredible plot (the owner turns out to be a writer of brilliant police novels?) And a handful of fantastic grotesque grotesque moments (although they obviously remain suggestive for the most part). The 3-D flopped close to the beginning of the movie, like a yo-yo player and a tantrum with artesian fountains, just so serve as filling time and contemporary hype 50, but it's still fun to watch right now and without the means to see them properly. The "crazy magician" is also interesting from a periodic point of view, as events take place around the time when fingerprints began to become accustomed as evidence, and the character of Alice Prentiss is a clear reference to the authors the celebrity murder of that time. Undoubtedly, Vincent Price remains the absolute absolutely essential element of the triumph in this film, as well as almost every other horror movie, this legendary man has ever played. As no other actor can ever accomplish, Price describes the tormented protagonist who gradually descends more and more into mental madness in such a fascinating fascinating way. I'm sorry for Don Gallico, but you're very afraid of him. Support his revenge, and yet realize that his murderous violence must end with death. Vincent Price was simply a genius actor and, in my humble opinion, the incarnation of the horror genre.
