I'm not going to lie. Despite the interesting aspect, I looked at The Notorious Bettie Page because I heard (and it was quite obvious just looking for a synopsis or something about the movie) that Gretchen Mol stripped her. I've never been Mol's fan, but I can not resist seeing an attractive woman get rid of her clothes. Yes, it can be perverted, but it's a central theme and idea right in the center of the movie and helps make the movie more powerful than it should be. Chronicle Bettie Page (Mol) of her days physically and sexually abused as a child in high school in the South and her new life in New York. She wants to be an actress, but she has to pay bills. After taking some innocent photos on a local beach, the page becomes a slow modeling sensation and jumps quickly from suggestive shots to provocative sexual provocative photos. I feel the shortness of the film over ninety minutes) is both a curse and a blessing for him. On the one hand, the film never exceeds its welcome. You will know the page in a few minutes and then enter the modeling career and do not look back. But she damn the film, because we never have the chance to understand everything that's going on. It just jumps around between the shaping of the shoots and the controversies they create before jumping into the major Senate investigation that occupies much of the final act of the film. Just stay there and try to absorb everything, and more comes just to you. It seems that the filmmakers wanted to summarize too much material in a movie too short. It follows longer sequences and demands more for even longer explanations. Not feeling well; she does not feel everything there. Another bit of fumble, though a bit more of a curiosity, is the use of color throughout the film. Most are black and white, but there are frequent splashes and color sequences. But while this has already been done as a symbolic gesture from the beginning, it becomes a bit of distraction as it appears continuously later before cutting back to black and white. It becomes confused and becomes more boring interference than anything else as the movie continues. While he can mix with the action, the film remains dead with his homework. Page, of which I know little about anything, is played innocently and her world is exactly the same. Save for a few shady characters during teenage years, everyone she meets is innocent and everything she does has an innocence for her. I never thought of looking at full front nudity as something other than vulgar and depraved, but here is really something wonderful. At the same time, she is beautiful and innocent. Even the most sexually perverted moments in the film (though tainted compared to current standards) have an innocent and angelic feeling for them. There is only something about how Molly's Nude Body is portrayed that he only strikes in a string so different from the nude bodies of other films. She feels so natural and so wonderful that if there is any reason to watch the movie, we would be seeing the spectacular images of Mol's body while playing it on Betty Page. The other reason is Mol se. As a page, she exemplifies that the 1950s belle south knows (or at least can imagine). Despite her profession, she is still a normal person and is still considered to be religious. Mol plays it exactly the right amount of sparkle cleaning necessary to make this character feel authentic in the 1950s. She plays it with such a matter of reality that you are not ready to think that Mol is actually Bettie Page itself. Unfortunately, the support distribution has very short moments of brilliance and is completely overshadowed by Mol's great performance. None of them makes anything particularly pleasant, and none of them has the same power in the role that Mol has. This is not the guilt of the actors, but rather the fact that they do not have much to do. Many of them are well-known, such as Oscar-nominated David Strathairn, in a role too close to one of his better performances, Sarah Paulson (the recently nominated Golden Globe for Studio 60 on Sunset Strip) and actor Lili Taylor , but you'd be ready to really put your performance to being anything but good. None of these characters is really developed and they are really just some cuts that Mol runs around pockets while she absorbs steam in her brilliant performance. Indeed, this film deserves portrayal of nudity, and for Gretchen Mol de Bettie's excellent performance. Everything else is a bit too muddled and weird than it should be. More efforts have been made to develop supporting characters and not just for the explosion through the story, this film would have been a much better biographical film. At present, it is just a vehicle for Mol to truly rise in the stratosphere of popularity as an actress. 7/10.
