NOTORIOUS BOOK PAPER Written by Mary Harron & Guinevere Turner Directed by Mary Harron How do you define a person who has always been between two worlds, one of supposed sin and one of supposed ransom? Especially when this person eventually fell into a personality disorder divided in her last years as if she were to prove her own point. If you're director Mary Harron, do not let it show the push / pull nature of the BETTIE NOTORIOUS page. Allow the character to join back and forth between the healing forgiveness of the power of God and the church and the seductive illusion of control and domination given to the page during her years as a pinup. In doing so, the public is offered a complex character that is propelled by the desire to leave its difficult past with naive joy in the desire of others for it, and struggles to reconcile its image in the eyes of God. Come the right moment, it will not matter how many eyes are on it because there is only one pair that matters. Shot mostly in black and white (with some unnecessary bursts of color), THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE is sometimes a humorous and humorous comedy, making the movie a pleasant experience and also a fun how serious people think in the corruption of pornography. But the director's delicate hand is more palpable during the despair of the page. Harron is a sensitive and considered director who does not throw abusive and devastating blows of the page in front of her viewer. Instead, it allows surprisingly effective Gretchen Moll, who plays the main role, the chance to collide her character's fear of fear in her eyes, exhaustion is her cries and shame on her skin. While most of the directors, perhaps most male directors, would find it essential to show the heroine in painful positions to establish a link between the types of atrocities that have been subjected to and where it took her life, Harron she has too much compassion for her character, actress and audience. From fragility, Page learns to trust people, and more and more photographers fall in love with her image, the more she falls in love with their admiration and the control she has over her eyes. Until her possessions cross into the S & M soft-core, she has found a way to combine the need to be respected with the objective she has been accustomed to her entire life. Bettie Page is a woman who wants to control her life and destiny, but ultimately she always says where to sit, how to smile and what to wear. When she finally realizes that none of her choices were chosen, she chooses to embrace God and preach the word to those who will listen. The true sadness behind this most important decision is that she still lets someone lead her blindly; she has more faith that this direction will be better for her soul.
