Jody Foster, Cherie Currie (formerly the lead singer of the rock group full of girl, Runaways in her remarkable debut debut), Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are equally credible, splendid and exciting as the title quartet, - the clique of young girls troubled, teased teenagers with careless, self-absorbed parents who strive to grow up and take care of them in the rich San Fernando Valley, the suburbs of California. Women are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, engagement and so on at an early age when they are not fully prepared to fully bear the potentially damaging consequences of those decisions. Foster, offering up to now one of her most perceptual, worse, and undervalued performances, is basically the group's mother of the day, who presides over both her and others' welfare; she is particularly preoccupied with the curry, but reckless and self-destructive currie, whose uncooperative hedonistic lifestyle is likely to make her uncomfortable in the end. This image provides a poem, insightful, often devastating, credible, and examining the exact broken dysfunctional families directly beneath the neat suburbs and the tragic net result of such families: heavy, resilient but unhappy and vulnerable children who must to face the trials and tribulations to increase on their own parents are too inconsiderate or even non-existent. Adrian ("The Fatal Attraction," Jacob's Stairway) Lyne's direction is both robust and observative, while Gerald Ayres's screenplay is somewhat messy and embarrassed, but overall it is still accurate in his sincere, dull, unconscious of your child's chaotic, capricious and unpredictable environment everyday. Leon Bijou, the soft, red, almost pastoral cinematography, adequately suggests a delicate and easy feeling of tranquility and innocence. Giorgio Moroder arranged the excellent score, which makes Elegie Donna Summer's highly effective use of "La Radio". Kagan's main role, Sally Kellerman, is Foster's mother, a neurotic, insecure, expensive Scott Baio, a nice dude with a skateboarder, Randy Quaid as a boyfriend alongside Kagan, British singer Adam Faith as his promoter father Foster, Smith as Kagan's mother suffering, troublesome. Briefly, Robert Romanus (Mike Damon "Fast Times at Richmont High") is one of Foster's ex-lovers and an old lady who bears Laura Dern as a strange partisan. "Foxes" is simply one of the most unpleasant and less popular teenage movies about adolescence started in the 80's.
