... but the overall mileage of the film may vary in the shadow of Mary "American Psycho" Harron, American Sexual Psychology, seen through the Queen's Queen's lensing lens, Bettie Page. no one wore a recitation of the iconic status of Mrs. Page, a first and proper valeicist in Nashville, Tennessee, who moved to New York in hopes of being an actress and became Queen Bondage of the Universe. Also, I will not go through the bio-pic plot at The Notorious Bettie Page, although I offer a great exhortation to the technical aspect of the film (an animated magazine sequence is instantaneous), the inappropriate use of the camera despite it. Finally, I will not elaborate the timely applicability of the themes of innocence and perversion, freedom and control, sacred and secular; they are there for the spectator to absorb, if they wish. The more things change, the more they remain the same, as they say. <br /> <br /> What I have to have a moment is Gretchen Mol's splendid show like Betty Page. The truth is that Mol's face does not look almost like Bettie, nor is it especially built like Bettie (though only a madman would deny that beautiful breasts and no crazy, me!). It does not even have the thick, dark bush sport that conceals the most intimate charm of Mrs. Page, but Mol also embodies the spirit of Betty Page in any way, shape and form. It's a "comeback" of bravado from an undisguised semi-obscurity. I never met Dna Page (and, unfortunately, never, most likely), but I devoured my photos and videos, read all available bios and interviews, bought the trading books and other chances, and ended up. to be honest, I praised it for Mrs. Page since I discovered it for the first time in my adolescence, between the covers of newspaper newspapers from the press to the cream shop and the five years. Mol captures the very essence of the woman, as I have come to conceive it, without a word of intent, in what I consider an Oscar-like performance. Liv Tyler could never have matched with Mol's brilliant characterization intensity in a million years, and for the first time I am grateful for leaving the project. Not that I was going to see her completely naked, I hurry to add, but I can not imagine her sensuality mark being translated into the innocent exuberance of Betty Page. "The Bettery Notorious Page" is not for everyone, more than bondage and discipline. I suspect she will do much better on the disc than in theaters; fancy laws of devoted and curious pages will see this. I can only hope that the DVD will be full of enough Bettie extras to show the uninitiated how good a job Mol has done. Beyond that, a hint of hat on a fine support piece, especially Lili Taylor and Chris Bauer as Paula and Irving Klaw, whose celebrity business was Bettie's door to immortality. A final note of the young writer who found Mrs. Page had no effect on her generation: she casts a good look at Madonna's bra and returns to us. Bettie Page is, whether you know it or not, the true Godmother of fetishwear. Without her, Madonna and the rest of her relatives would never have existed.
