The movie can be a glass to see the world in a new light. Good night and fortune, for example, offered parallels with modern judgment - without proofs and violations of liberty. It is easier to examine a moral issue when it is not too close to home: by placing it in a fictitious or historical context eliminated from our immediate situation. As far as pornography is concerned, we believe that we are "illuminated" and that our ancestors are hidden by strange ideas - usually involving fire and brimming, but the definition of what is obscene can easily be attributed to ignorance and unknowing interpretation instead of evidence. Bettie Page was a cult icon of an era not only covering McCarthyism, but also a ban on comic books (such as Tales from the Crypt) on the basis that they would turn young people into juvenile offenders. This film, developed from the key questions raised in her life, raises dilemmas that are as relevant today as in 1950. Our film opens with two key scenes. First of all, we see well-dressed, respectable men in a bookshop. One of them asks women's pictures in boots and is restricted - then turns out to be an undercover cop who leads a pain. The second scene shows Betty Page, waiting for her to be called as a witness, showing herself quite dignified, as if she were out of the church. The first 50 minutes are black and white. The effects of old-fashioned films, such as napkins and fades, add to the sense that we are watching a movie from past years, as well as the manners that are expressed, recent scenes of the 1950s, contemporary slang phrases, and the terrestrial dialogue associated with filming period. The archive file is frequently intermittent - which will delight many and irritate others. In keeping with its theme, the film is almost a collection of different types of moving photos, and the older clips of fabulous beaches and marquee juxtaposite well versus Bettie's classical possessions, who listen back to a period of magazines "Health and Nature ". . . although I admit that if you are not captured by the story, the effect may be a little tangled. Very soon, we're going backwards. Bettie escapes a depressed life in Nashville, refreshed only with church songs and soul-saving, and goes alone to make her own way. After his initial success, his modeling work is divided into two directions: a mass glamor work focusing on her rainbow smile and special interest photographs that involve high-heeled boot clothing and lightweight binding tools. In an earlier audition (reminiscent of a scene with Naomi Watts of Mulholland Drive - also called Betty), she offers a performance full of emotion, contrasts with the animated, cheerful (but ultimately, mild) - day expression. Is part of it still unfulfilled? Bettie is often rejected in auditions once she realizes she is a well-known little girl. But we have never been asked to regret it for Betty Page: her abusive childhood is quickly mentioned and omitted; when she is raped by four boys in her hometown, we see only the threat, and then Bettie recovers and survives, rises into the deserted forest and puts on the courageous face of a person who refuses to sleep and die. /> Although it's not nudity, Bettie's photos are the ones that eventually awake. When we return to the yard, a cleric's views on the corrupting influence of such photographs are considered as evidence. A psychologist authoritatively tells how the photos lead to "suicide, murder, and psychosis" in young people who are exposed to them (perhaps not in that order). Finally, a star witness explains how his son's life ceased as a result of such photographs - "being" in such a way. "It is not clear that the way he is" embedded "causes death) The text that accompanies a series of photos by Bettie in a magazine shows how she was forced to bear the "terrible agonies" with the confinement of the fetishes (the audience knows they actually found it quite hilarious and that the wording, like the photos in After a wait of 12 hours, Bettie is told the evidence - she is the only person who could definitely declare she was not photographed in agony - it will not be "necessary." They have been proved " When all this seems to be the dark times I have left, consider a recent incident (2003) in which an Ann Summers ad was announced. She said, "For fashion and whip the passion to take of your local store, "with a photo of a woman's back. She has a bra and a rod, and her hands are handcuffed behind her. Underwear and sex toys, targeting female consumers (and also supporting charities that fight against domestic violence) said its ads aimed at "giving women sexual confidence and always showing women the control of their sexuality ". It could be concluded that the prejudices and ignorance of the Betty Page investigation still hold currency. Bettie's religious visions are an integral part of the story, just as the concept of sin is integrated into Christianity and contributes to the "forbidden" nature of the sexual pleasure commonly found in the United Kingdom and the US - unlike the more factual approach found in continental Europe. It could argue the formulas of sin and redemption and "be saved," is reflected even in the mating patterns that perpetuate traditional masculine domination. A policeman who makes a friendly (but sexually motivated) approach to Bettie outside the courtroom offers her to "save" herself from loneliness. Knight armor might be knighthood, but it also involves a woman in need of rescue. Love or Hate, The Notorious Bettie Page is an unusual and extraordinary movie and the moral request for awakening for those who have spoken. There is an excellent ensemble that works, and Gretchen Mol, like Bettie, is remarkable, because the whole movie succeeds or falls on its strong performance.
