First of all, I heard wonderful things about this movie, not least among the retro / stage scene and the stocking lovers who absolutely love Bettie Page and did not disappoint. Filmed in a very clean black and white with the added color for key scenes, the film provides a documentary sense to Betty Page's early life and career. There are many things I did not know about Page. First of all, there was rape, later, there are early attempts to develop a career in acting and then to make glamor pictures, first of all with a pop-up club with men who can not get enough she and later with Klaws, Paula and Irving, who, despite the photographs of slavery and fetish, meet as extremely pleasant and friendly people. If only modern pornography producers have been so, probably better porn would be a consequence! For the most part, the film is not a diatribue against the evil of pornography, but an attempt to show the kind of environment that existed in the 1950s for those who produce fetish and naked images of women. This environment has been extremely repressive, perhaps in a good way, because it meant that there is no "saturation" effect that we have today when it comes to pornography. It also seemed to be much less harsh. The page comes as a person who enjoys her work and does not seem to be degraded by her. In many of her photos she is seen tied and gagged (and trying to hold a conversation), magnifying a flowering whip, encouraging photographers to take pictures and see "initiation style" camouflage with hardcore stuff which we now have. The page has never become an actress and instead of being devastated while she was thirty years old for "Jesus Christ." Her belief in God and Jesus never disappears, even when bound and gagged, she still insists that she has received a "gift" from God to do so. Seeing this movie, I'm better informed about the page and amazed at her modesty, her beliefs and her behavior. She is one of a kind, compared to the identities clone blonde we have today and someone who can actually say, "There is life after pornography."
