"The Notorious Bettie Page" (2005) <br /> <br /> Directed by: Mary Harron Cast: Gretchen Mol, Chris Bauer, Lili Taylor, Sarah Paulson and David Strathairn <br /> Rating- The MPAA: "R" (for nudity, sexual content and a certain language) It seems like any celebrity nowadays gets a biopic about his life. From Ray Charles to Johnny Cash, the biopic is very good now. "The Notorious Bettie Page" is the latest one to be released on DVD. She portrays Gretchen Mol as the most famous model in the world, Bettie Page and has been mostly black and white with some fragments of color. Unlike "Ray," "Walk the Line" and "Finding Neverland," however, this movie will not be one to watch this year's Oscar. This film does not have the emotional resonance displayed in other biopic and most of the dramatic moments in Bettie Page's life are either completely ignored or just suggested. This does not mean, however, that it's a bad movie. In fact, "The Notorious Bettie Page" is a funny and amusing movie - a solid cinema work. This film focuses more on the interesting career of the page and on the subtle line between sexuality and pornography. The film is filmed with fervor and care, and Mary Harron's direction captures the aspect of the time that most filmmaking dreams of. Everybody knows Bettie Page (interpreted by Mol). Whether you know it as an icon or as a simple porn star? You know it. She is a woman who has had a very profound impact on American culture just revealing more skin than she thought fit at the time. Now most people know it as one of America's first sexual symbols - a legend of many models, especially Playboy and other adult-oriented magazines. She lived at a time when she showed only an inch of meat under the rubbish that someone could have arrested, and the pagery-style photographs were just things to push the American public into a disorder. In fact, the photographs launched a senate investigation into common decency and the difference between harmless movies and pornography. Performances in The Notorious Bettie Page are absolutely awesome with Gretchen Mol standing. Her performance as Bettie Page is simply brilliant. I understand that when it was announced for the role, many people were skeptical. Her name is not one that immediately falls into my mind when thinking about great performances. Now it will be. She has played a full role and attracted me to her vulnerable, yet deeply committed performance. David Strathairn is fresh in last year's "Good Night and Luck", where he gave one of the best performances since 2005. Here, he still gives another fine performance, even if he is a little under-utilized. I was shocked by how limited the time was on the screen, but quality over quantity is always the most important aspect of any good film. The only performance I saw from Lili Taylor was "The Haunting" (1999). While most people ignored the movie, I realized it was a pleasant, if not superficial, horror film, and I always thought Taylor was perfectly credible like Nell's emotional amusement. Here, Taylor still offers credible performance. It offers very low performance and offers the perfect performance to compliment Gretchen Mol's. After everything was said and done, I realized that "The Notorious Bettie Page" can not be compared to other biopic, such as "Finding Neverland" and "Walk the Line". It is incomparable with these because it tells of a woman and a career from beginning to end. Her personal life is briefly suggested, but its impact on the world becomes the culmination. We watch the movie knowing that the page will eventually lead to everything and know the impact that its decisions will have, but we rarely have shown the impact they will have on her personal life. She is a woman who has never looked back and could reinvent itself constantly. After all, it was an adult model that turned into a Christian missionary. This movie does not dramatize anything. It could have included fictitious moments of page hysterical crying and asking God to forgive her. She could have shown to Page running and screaming the rain, trying to get rid of the ghosts of her past, and yet not. "Notorious Bettie Page" tells a simple story, and that's rare by today's standards. Fortunately, it's pretty refreshing. The Ultimate Thought: "The Notorious Bettie Page" is a relaxing movie with absolutely amazing cinema. Overall rating: 9/10 (A)
