It's not Michael Jordan Think of all the great NBA players whose career light has been diminished for another reason than when they were born. Their names could move as easily as possible from the audience's lips, such as Russell, Cousy, Byrd, Magic, McHale, Oscar, Wilt, the continuing list; but the volume went a bit short, for Stockton and Malone, Charles, Patrick and all the other big players who have always lost their titles to Michael. I saw it written that Gretchen Mol's career was flaming after the cover story of the Vanity Fair show in 1998 that predicted the inevitable superstardom for Mrs. Mol. Later it was said that she was over hyped. I do not remember that for a while, after seeing Devil's Advocate in '97 or '98, I would be confused about what actress played Mary Ann Lomax. Was Mol or Theron? Oh yes! Charlize Theron was "2 Days in the Valley" and "Mighty Joe Young" and Gretchen Mol was in "Donnie Brasco", "Celebrity" and "Rounders." they saw the "Thirteenth Floor" (Mol) and "The Sweet November" (Theron), we straightened them a lot, but we still put them in the same drawer of mental files. Both were very talented, have sweet faces, types of similar bodies, short blonde hair and so on. However, Theron was offered more work. I loved her as Sara Deever and as Adele Invergordon her beauty was even intimidating. In 2003, Monster was released and from then on until the Oscar was handed over, the whole movie knew who the "Best Actress." And deserved! Theron was Aileen Wuornos. The only way to get a more accurate understanding of what Aileen Wuornos has done is to repeat somehow the digital video captured by Selby's head. And for a major talent to make it not physically appealing! Unheard of! Then, in 2005, "The Notorious Bettie Page" was released. Mol's performance was extraordinary. Maybe she was in the shadow of Mrs. Theron. It was like the ballroom to celebrate victory for the presidential candidate who lost, no one came and nobody cared. It was seen as a sequel to an old story, once a promising actress with a declining career, making a nudity part in a movie "B". Son! No no no! Wrong! No matter what you can think of the movie (and I like movies about the '50s), if you send them, you will lose one of the best performances of that year. Mrs. Moll was as much Bettie as Mrs. Theron was Aileen. Unfortunately, Aileen, for the filmed audience, is more sympathetic. For any reason, an amoral, sociopathic murderer is less embarrassing to us than a naive, unsophisticated, uninhibited religious girl whose capital crime was to live a completely confident and fully exposed life. Betty Page was one of the icons of the 1950s. Her pictures and films were never sexual, never pornographic, but she portrayed a caricature of almost all perverse things. There is no sense of realism, just parody. Ms. Moll surprised the very essence of the character. She earned 20 pounds to add a certain figure to her usual figure, and when she was for different photographers in the movie, her body was Bettie. Its flawless front full of inhibitions fits exactly with everything that has been published about Bettie. Kinematic nudity typically describes eroticism or sexuality. This film is about innocence. Seeing that Gretchen / Bettie nude did not make me want to jump, but it inspired me to protect it from all the horrors humans can cause each other. If you submit this movie, you will lose one of the best performances in recent years. By the way, shame on MPAA for granting this rating R.
