I've known about Bettie Page for many years now. Her basic porno-soft images from the 1950s have since become iconographic and still have a strong draw even today. The "Bettie Page" aspect is also very popular in the hetero fetish world and remains as distinctive today as it is then. So I watched this film with enough familiarity for the beginning. The result did not disappoint. Among other things, was it really fun to see the real-life movie recreation like Irving Klaw, John Willie and Bunny Yeager? everyone thinks trailblazers today. Mary Harron did a great job creating the ambiance of sexual repression and hypocrisy in America in the 1950s, along with a sexuality that, according to today's standards, was innocent to the extreme. I loved the use of monochrome versus color as a visual stenography for the emotional and spiritual climate that Bettie had found. I think Gretchen Mol has done an excellent job of presenting Betty's character in all her innocent sexuality and all her naivety. Bettie liked to look cute, loved attention, saw nothing wrong with nudity, and enjoyed dressing in the "silly clothes" of the room. The underlying sexuality and profoundly fetishist desires, all that evoked, were completely lost to her. So far, she still does not understand "what it was about agitation" when it comes to her photos or their S & M content. It does not mean she is too literate or too simple to understand that she simply does not "understand" fetishism and never does. Do not be wrong there. Bettie Page is simply who he is. The movie captured this pretty pretty. The social atmosphere of the 1950s, described by Mrs. Harron and written by her along with Guinevere Turner, makes me really glad to live in the day and ages I am doing. Hypocrisy and repression, combined with massive ignorance of our sexuality, all combined with a dreadful scary world. The film captures this well and brings to applause as Bettie endures her with all her unswerving faith and her naive naivety. This movie was a little slow, but it hit all the points Mrs Harron tried and hit them well. I would recommend this movie even for those people who had little knowledge of who Bettie Page was and what effect she had on American culture. For those who have such interests, then this movie needs to be seen.
