Although the Notorious Bettie Page is well shot and shot, it is best a version of Cliffs Notes of Bettie's biography. The film focuses mainly on his work with Irving and Paula Klaw, brother and sister team who produced most of her most famous photographs. She does not detail her life after she raised her, except for her religious rebirth. He cites "The Real Bettie Page" by Richard Foster as a source, but later ignores Bettie's years of mental illness and incarceration in a hospital of mind. The narrow focus of the biography can be debated, but most Betty fans and "civilians" would probably be more interested in her modeling career, what they get. The film is well-behaved, and Gretchen Mol faithfully reproducing Bettie's look as well as transmitting the sweetness her photos have given her. The character is played as rather naive, a likely secondary product of Bettie's interviews in recent years. Bettie is more likely to be aware of the nature of her photographs but to rationalize her as actors and costumes. Also the supporting piece is special, and Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor play Irving and Paula Klaw and David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The film erupts with the character of John Willie, played by Jared Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and was not involved in Klaws photos. Harris interprets Willie as Peter O'Toole in his more degraded status. Despite the quality of the act, the film is a bit disappointing in terms of depth. The story is pretty bleak and we never feel we really know Bettie. Just like her pictures, it's just a picture. They tend to exaggerate Bettie's notoriety. Her photographs were mainly seen in New York and around her in a very narrow market of underground and cultural publications. True fame came after his photographs were reproduced in the late '70s and' 80s, and Betty Page's Cult (as her name was usually) grew. Betty's expositions (forgive him) were in Playboy, which appeared in the January 1955 edition (Christmas photo, which is staged in the film). The movie is well done if it's pretty deep. It is able to sustain interest until the end and performs a lot of fine performances. She hits the high points of Betty's life, but she ignores many details that would give her much greater depths. The end is rather a disappointment. It feels rather steep. Still, the movie deserves to be watched by anyone interested in Bettie, or even by the time. The soundtrack is great, really pulling the viewer in the 1950s. If not, the film is a showcase of America's thriving sexuality and conflict with its Puritan past. It is also a look at an icon for both men and women.
