Nottingham BETTICE PAGE (2006) *** 1/2 Gretchen Mol, Lilli Taylor, Chris Bauer, Jared Harris, Sarah Paulson, David Strathairn, Austin Pendleton, Norman Reedus, Dallas Roberts. <br /> <br /> Mol shines as the legendary queen pin-up Bettie Page in a biopic fine. Gretchen Mol is probably best known for being tauted like The Next-It-Girl a few years ago when nobody knew who he was, despite an infamous Vanity Fair cover story, among other media doubts , but despite some roles that play together, here and there, her predicted stardom seemed to blink less shiny so far. Here, as the famous queen's nursery, Betty Page, Gretchen Mol is indeed a brilliant star growing. Betty Page was born Tennessee as a God-fearing and family-oriented God, who seemed to find herself the unreasonable object of lust and affection as she grew up. A repeat repeat bandwidth is not wisely illustrated nor is the subtle presentation of your own father who has less decent models for his own family, which is important to understand how Page has succeeded to escape from the future nightmare for a career an actress heading for New York in the 1950s when, in fact, it was the time and place to catch illumination in a bottle. What page did not figure out is that, in fact, she would only be when she arrived. A beautiful loving-haired raven with a divine figure, Page is seen on Coney Island on a summer day by a black policeman asking him to take his photo that leads to her presentation in her basement, and in her In the studies of Irving Klaw (Bauer) and her sister Paula (Taylor), who cares about them, <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Although the page is quite naive, she is undoubtedly intelligent and knows her body is not a sin and can see the forest of trees in the sense that she is in control - or at least staying in what she is offering she works by not being indecent and having fun in her less and less dressed portraits - until witch hunting Congress is looking for some scapegoats to make pornographic images a crime. Talented director Mary Harron and his screenwriter Guinevere Turner ("An American Psycho" and "I Filmed Andy Warhol") align biopsy traps quite worrying and maybe a little too rushed to get close to who it was Bettie Page, although they are right to illustrate an era of waterproofing at zenith. Thanks to the talented filmmaker Mott Hopfel for his wonderful black-and-white pictures and also splashed color segments that recall the films of Douglas Sirk in the era for his melodramatic landscapes. The feminist part of the treaty and part of the American dream filled the story of the chugs along the beautiful with fine performances by the ensemble, including the comedic Bauer and Taylor as the brothers in the sad and Harris having a field day as a colleague of a photographer with a taste for wine and chatter. It's funny to see Strathairn as a senator's foundry in a campaign of justice after presenting Edward R. Murrow's news bulldog on his last outing "Good Night and Good Luck"> <br /> But slams Mol's truly beautiful talents as the most intelligent but profoundly moral and the most intelligent Betty Page, who leaves her innocence as a child shining through her bold nudity and now considered healed and weird - the kitsch edge who has captured the fantasy man for decades and is still a mark for human sexuality in this country and maybe across the world. Mol is perfect and unconditionally resembles the subject of her portrait until her lame smile. The real Bettie Page was not involved in the project, but it seems she gave her blessing and continues to live a somewhat isolated life, which is said in the final moments of finding Jesus and wiping them once forever. A shame, since this film strangely embraces the joyful decency embedded in its subject, radiating for all to see its naked splendor.
