First, let me say that Notorious is an absolutely charming movie, highly valued by its time and subject. Gretchen Mol is complete, painfully convincing, the very soul of the contradictions well-defined by Mrs. Page. Irving and Paula Klaw are richly drawn as working class stiffs (they met Paula at Movie Star News in 1990, I can say that Lili Taylor's performance is unimaginable), and Jared Harris as John Willie (Coutts) is a adorable disgusting genius. Anyone who has an interest in the recorded history of American attitudes towards sexuality must see this movie, preferably in a theater where the votes made with dollars are more. <br /> <br /> Secondly, I will allow myself to be a producer similar to the one for whom the Klaws would become famous, which does not in any way affect my estimation of Mrs. Harron's work as a splendid piece that is but condition my opinion of Notorious as an act of political resistance to the first order. Ms. Harron has done a sublime subversion work. Together with V for Vendetta, it's a movie about another time of our time. Few readers of this site will be aware that the government they will see adopted in Notorious (by transcribing the very spoken words in closed Senate committees) is an approximation very close to what they are living now. While Mrs. Harron expressly forbids her to have a political agenda attached to this film, her faithfulness to the facts and the way she does, Synchronizes Notorious with today. Those acts that Notorious portrays in their intimate and precise detail are defined as obscene by the Law on Compliance, recently brought before the Supreme Court as the first case of the amendment, and returned there at the request of the Bush administration. In other words, the delicate and ineffective slavery described in Notorious is now accused by federal prosecutors in any hostile jurisdiction they choose. Of course, there were no hearings in the Senate or elsewhere on this issue when the CDA was passed. Of course you do not know anything about it, because you do not want people in Peoria to tell you what you can and can not forget (Peoria people probably do not want to tell her what they are allowed to see). Of course, Notorious will never be accused. It's Hollywood. It's legal. Numerous Klaws will, however, continue to be filled with a Puritan bureaucracy that has not advanced its aesthetic, moral or biological composition in more than 50 years. In addition, Notorious does not present the Declaration of Conformity 18 USC 2257, which is mandated by the "unobserved" unnoticed "earmark" recently voted in the law. If any material contains images with "sadomasochistic restriction", it is necessary to provide (ex warrant) records of the age and circumstance of all performers. In addition to being a splendid piece of entertainment and an (almost) accurate historical record, Notorious will be the litmus against which the Justice Department Bush is itself judged on the 14th amendment (on equal protection) and probably some other constitutional reasons. Only in this respect is a debt of gratitude due to Mary Harron. You will be grateful, in any case, Constitutional or otherwise, if you see this movie.
