I had a vague idea of ​​who was Bettie Page, due to her appearance in Playboy's very good days (apparently, when she got her photo of her and her Santa Claus hat, she did not know what the mag was ). The film, co-written and directed by Mary Harron from American Psycho, creates pretty well the key parts of his life. A southern Belle of a church has bad experiences and leaves them behind to look for better moments in New York City, where she becomes modeling, and from there much more. Soon it becomes the feeling of underground, with the obvious (and "notorious") bondage of the attribute attributed to it. Actress Gretchen Moll portrays and lowers the spirit of this woman as much as she can, which is really a big part of the film's success. She is not a simplistic character, though sometimes her moralistic ideas are questionable ("Well, Adam and Eve were naked, are not they?" She commented several times). Apparently, directors drop out of the last years of the page and leave with her in a period of redemption, leaving behind the shots of photographs for Jesus. Overall, Notrie Bettie Page is not much more than a typical biopic feature presented by HBO movies, though this time with resistance for a movie version. The best scenes that Harron captures are in "doubtful" positions, giving him pictures of upstairs pictures and stars in ridiculous movies of whips and chains and leather uniforms. This adds a much more comical need for the film's usual nature. It is not the fact that the story behind it is uninteresting, which implies the government's investigation into the "clues" that emerged from such photographs and underground magazines. But it is not given too much time to explore more of what is simply left out, with its page and its complexity or relationships, or sex and the fifties. Everything gave a very clean white and black look and sometimes it seems that Harron progressed some of the black and white photos to be more colorful while walking along. It's a vision that can be watched if you're not very well informed by Bette Page, and perhaps even for the fans.
