"Notorious Bettie Page" is about a woman who has always wanted to be an actress, but has become one of the most famous girls in America's history. Bettie Page played by Gretchen Mol was one of the first sex icons in America. Bettie Page Modeling took part in the nudity and bondage included, which led to an American Senate investigation in the 1950s. As I was going out of the film, all I could think of was how far we came to terms of pornography in the years 1950. You can go online now and find some of the most disturbing and shocking images ever shot, that the filming questioned in The Notorious Bettie Page seems almost childish and innocent. Most of the movie, including bondage, did not have nudity when Betty Page was involved, and today we have sick images in which we can see women who have sex with animals. I think maybe the envelope has been pushed too much since the 1950s because he looked at this film as far as pornography is concerned, it was very well done. To be honest, I was quite impressed by "The Notorious Bettie Page", I found the movie very well done and interesting. The movie is exactly what the trailer makes you think it will be and is a very interesting look at one of the first female American icons in America. Gretchen Mol looks exactly like Bettie Page and offers very good performance. I also thought that, since the movie was shot in black and white, it made the film look realistic because it made the audience believe they were watching a movie created in the late 1950s. My only film complaint was the time functioning, there seemed to be a few scenes that were cut and seemed to be a little shorter than it should have been. I have seen this and it seems that they were cut off 10 minutes from the film, from its initial presentation at the Toronto Film Festival. Also, the end was pretty tainted and I expected more of it, or maybe some paragraphs come on the screen to tell the audience more about Bettie Page's life where the movie has stopped. These are my only complaints about the film, except that the direction was solid, the acting was great, especially Gretchen, and the writing was good. Mary Harron, who directed "American Psycho," which is one of my favorite films, is the director and writer "The Notorious Bettie Page". I feel that Mary is a very talented director who knows how to create a frame and create great character-based movies, because "Psycho", Bettie Page is a study of character and a beautiful one. Harron easily captures the 40s and 50s as well as all the characters. She is a very talented director who I hope will be around many years ago. Bottom line: "Notorious Bettie Page" is definitely worth a look. It's a very interesting story that shows how far both America and the world have come in terms of pornography. The film also offers a wonderful performance by Gretchen Mol, which literally appears as Bettie Page's head. And do it with a talented director who managed to capture the look of a previous age and have a good film on your hands. Unfortunately, this movie will probably be on the flop, since not many, besides those who grew up in this era, will be interested in the movie, but I think it's worth checking out. MovieManMenzel's final rating for "Notorious Bettie Page" is 8/10. It's an interesting character study of one of the most famous pins and sexual icons in American history.
