If this movie hits you (as we and others seem to have left the theater) as disappointingly thin, it may be because the subject itself is slightly disappointing. The film faithfully portrays Bettie Page, as it probably was: an almost innocent playwright from the south of the country, whose career as the "twin queen of the universe" was for her only natural fun. Her moral final questions, religious conversion, and sudden departure from nude and bondage modeling are biologically accurate, but hard to understand, considering how unfounded they seem to be through her means of living. There are many reasons to see this movie, including W. Mott Hopfel III's amazing black and white cinema (complete with wipes and old fashioned solutions), the faithful acting of the play under Mary Harron's performance, (including Chris Bauer, Lili Taylor, Sarah Paulson, Austin Pendleton, Dallas Roberts and Victor Slezak), not to mention the Oscar-winning performance and Gretchen Mol's technical difficulty. . Mol makes several stripes and most of them in amazing underwear and "specialty" costumes (gloriously assembled by costume designer John A. Dunn), but she surprisingly keeps the unforgettable Bettie Page pleasure in her body lush. To watch Mrs. Mol as Mrs. Page, an aspiring actress who progresses through progressive and less "bad" grade audiences and scenes acting as a student is to see a truly fine actress in full control of craft. <br /> <br /> The scenario actually brings us to America in the 1950s, where sexual abuse in childhood, rape without rape and rape, and the legal suppression of pornography marks that today seem terrifying is a reality . 50th New York is evoked with pictures of the daily. 50th Miami comes alive in super-saturated 16mm colors. Real Bettie Page seems to collide, smile, and stand up in front of us, yet the effect is slightly curious, barely invulnerable and not at all dangerous. How strange is that the greatest icon of slavery should be so venomous, and that this technically good biopic should have so few.
