I liked ... just that ... I liked it, not the animated series ... I like it! The fact that this is less appealing is that we all try to compare and not appreciate, but this cartoon was great, but it really did not like it so much. There are too many people talking about the fact that Bruce is so cold, but if it's about 5 years later, anyone in a crime fighting gang would have this angry and darker attitude, so for me it's not defective. Batgirl was great that it really mattered there because it's no longer Dick Grayson like a robin, batman needed a good teammate, not the new Robin, he's just a kid and you can not rely so much on a child. But the episode did not work: the new artwork ... is not horrible, but ... for me it does not work in a series like a batman. This is a dark character with a maniac killer like the joker, so you can not put this kind of art in this cartoon, the Joker is not a bad design, but he still likes the past joker (but for me the best joker was ever the one who appeared in batman after: the return of the joker), so this joker is not nearly as good. The best thing about joker is that he still marks Hamil's voice. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (im in love for her) They put a wonderful episode for her: Love Mad (for me the best episode of this series). Here, finally, we know how he turned Harley Quinn and how he overturned his jokes and feels that the atmosphere he feels in the darker animated series does not end happily, he struggles brutally with the joker (but too short) as it was ALL THE SERIES. But in general, I did not like how Harley did in this series ... in almost every episode they put fun, but in a ridiculous way, she was perforated, she says nonsense, she's failing ... funny in a way you can laugh with her, not her ... and here they ridiculed (I told her the only episode if I do not think in crazy love and beware of the fair) So in general it's a good series, it has up and downs, the trail might be better (MY GOOD !!! KILL THAT CATWOMAN !!!!) beautiful sound effects, beautiful music, beautiful voices and beautiful episodes : my favorites, love Mad, Jokers millions, Old wounds, father's sins, and cold comfort. If you liked Batman: TAS you can see this, but not too much, in the other hand if you did not look at TAS, look first and then look at TAS so you will love TAS: D
