The new Batman Adventures (also known as the Gotham Knights) takes place five years after the final episodes of Batman: the animated series (B: TAS) and broadcast for only 24 episodes. This is not a horrible show, but it just is not as good as the original Batman Animated series. I'll start with all the things I've seen are not very good. The first thing is the first, the animation itself: long and sweet, Gotham is no longer dark, the sky is always red and orange, B: TAS did this too, but was drawn in a dark palace, the color of the sky was rather threatening , in this show, the color of the sky is too bright. Everything looks like any other child and it does not seem like Batman: TAS made with his dark and cool artistic style on Gotham. The art style is OK but it does not remind me of Batman. Each character is made up of straight lines, squares and triangles, making the characters look less human. In the original series (B: TAS), the characters look more like comic versions of real people. The animation may be more consistent than in B: TAS, but it certainly is not as good. <br /> <br /> Next: some of the episodes seem too terrible and childish, but some of the topics are even stronger than in B: TAS (Two-Face is trying to kill Tim Drake / Robin 2 and some villains get a rough treatment). This leads me to my next point. Because this should happen in the future, as well as the final episodes of the Batman Animated Universe, many villains meet their resignation or leave forever. Poison Ivy apparently drowns when a cruise ship explodes; Two-Face almost kills Penguin, Killer Croc and himself, so he moved to Arkham forever; Joker falls into the escape tower of an industrial plant (though he will return later to the animated series of the League of Justice); Catwoman moves to France, leaving Batman, etc ... Just because the series is over, does not mean they have to get rid of some great characters! The bastard's motives are also bad. I'm not! In B: TAS, we find out that these criminals are mentally tortured and that their lives are destroyed, so they act as they do in this show, criminals commit only crimes to progress the story. It's as if Batman does not even care about saving the state of health that exists in the people he's fighting, it makes no sense. This Batman is a cooler and weaker version of the character, but since it has been doing it for years, I see why it's so harsh. <br /> <br /> Next, the redesigned character patterns are terrible. Gordon weakened about 100 pounds ... is he sick? Many villains show STUPID (Joker, Riddler, Catwoman, Mr. Freeze, Mad Hatter and Killer Croc are among the best). Although, I think some characters look better (Bane, Scarecrow, Batgirl). Harley is pretty much the same, and Ivy (which is even hotter now) has a pale green skin. With the series that has many mistakes, some episodes are wonderful - over the edge, crazy love, beware of the creeper, Night Girls, Old Wounds, Dark Knight Legends and Fear are never the ones I prefer here, in my opinion. All the Superman Animated Batman crossovers were also great. The MORE MORE ABOUT this show is how creators say they love the animation of this series more than the original. On the DVD elements of the Batman Animated Original series, he talks about how proud they were with the art style and how hard it would have been to animate some characters but eventually succeeded (the difficult animation needed to animate Clayface, for example) . On the DVDs of the new Batman Adventures, the creators say basically "La Hell with B: TAS, this is a fresh, new, reampled, we look better and we like how we've been serious!" (Okay, that's an exaggeration). When the creators threw the amazing art style of B: TAS, which really annoyed me! It's not a bad show, but I still do not like that much like the original animated series. At least the show does not relate to its audience, so for this reason, I still congratulate her. Although some of the episodes in this new series are fantastic and worth watching. <br /> <br /> Superman: The Animated Series and the League of Justice: The Animated Series is a great Batman Tracking show: the animated series and the new Batman adventures, so give them a watch too.
