This Showtime really deserves a much better viewing rating than a 4.5; I gave her a 10 based on the story and act of the two stars. After reading the comments of the viewer, I was surprised how many people expected this movie to be a comedy. Yes, I see that IMDb catalogs him as Comedy / Drama under Gen. This is misleading, is not it? Fortunately, I saw the movie before connecting to this site so I did not have this wait. In fact, based on the synoptic of what I have heard, I fully expected it to be just a drama. I wonder if disappointment is not a funny movie that has caused so many low votes. Another factor that would have caused a drop in votes is that this movie is very "character-oriented". "Daisy's Leadership" is an example of another movie that comes to mind. Somebody's previous comment complained of a boring process. Tom's work scenarios (Danny Glover) seemed to distract from the true plot of the film. That's how he was engineering the upward social ascension of his family - or his personal troops if you want. However, they have served to establish credibility and justification as their right to move to Greenwich and move up into the world. Tom's obsession has become a constraint. He proved that he would not stop at anything to interfere in the white neighborhood. His chagrin when another black person moved by the door was not due to the color of the skin. Because of everything that the interloper was; everything Tom left him. Essentially, Tom became an Oreo cookie: Black outside, but White inside. The last 20 minutes of this film are among the most powerful, written and directed (by Whoopi Goldberg). I've ever had the pleasure of confessing. I realized that the climax of the movie was not the obvious event that happened next (I do not want to give it). The climax is verbal and Whoopi delivers it. I'm still not clear if the conversation tells Tom about which Tom-Two college will go or when she will release her, all in the middle of the night, and Tom will wake up. However, the names are wonderful. You know the life on that street will never be the same. My favorite mode of movement: people go through trouble, pain, dance, grow, change, and continue life. As a member of the audience, I can learn something or inspire myself.
