This movie will not stay okay with some, but it's a must see. I'm glad someone has brought up the realities of the African American couples who worked to make a name in the communities, and how many of them felt they were trying to stay there when "other" American afro-Americans moved. (Minori Spoilers) <br /> <br /> This small Showtime movie is almost like a Spike Lee Joint ... you have an African American man (Danny Glover) who made his way HARD through traditional language positions in the field the law of 1970. Like any American, he moved his family to be compatible with his upward mobile status, but forgot, there are still many problems. The only neighboring African Americans since then were the maids. Does one own a house? Wow. Then the mix started. His wife (Whoopi Goldberg) is told to "get involved", so she does what other women in her neighborhood do. And just when a man thinks he and his family are "in," next door comes another American American who has entered because they have won the "lot" (Mo'nique), and in his eyes and he has nothing, to do with them because he does not want the neighborhood to think they are the same. He, of course, is a better caliber, his new neighbor is "ghetto", it should not be there! Who has a problem now? What this film looks like is the great pain that this family has to match and how it is lost in this process. It makes you wonder where the racism begins and ends ... and with whom. Show how, no matter what color you are and how much money you have, you can stop yourself from the real world and help those around you. It also shows that these African American children, when mixing in districts like these fall into the trap of changing to fit the culture (complete with blond hair and blue eyes, remember!) Around them. They laugh together with the jokes, not knowing they are joking and they do not know what ... but in general this movie is about "people". No matter what race you are, the movie becomes how terrible you can be to your neighbor and to each other ... all to suit everything ... because you feel you have more money than others, you better - and forgot the battles you have had and those who come behind you. Again, NOT for everyone. But take a look and judge for you. <br /> <br />
