If you have not been there then unfortunately this movie will be beyond compassion for you. What I say is a shame, because although some of the acting is amateur, it must be realistic. Let us admit - in real life, we do not say things in a demanding or perfect way, even if we intend to. In this sense, it works. This, however, does not apply to our "well-known" actors in this film, especially Jodie Foster (born naturally). The fact that the other 3 girls are not done just adds a story - Jodie plays a glue that struggles to keep friendship close, even with the obvious sense of fatality. It means that no matter how close your friends are, there are some people who are fading, no matter how you try. And there is the core of the film. It's not about parties, not about sexuality, but about these four girls and their final time as young girls before they go alone. If you have ever had a friendship like this in your life, you will feel this movie - it will mean a lot to you, no matter what it was or when you grew up. We all knew these girls in school, or at least we knew about them. We all knew the frustrated virgin, half wishing to stay in childhood and half wanting to grow up desperately and believing she would do it for her. We all know the crazy boy, the fashion plate whose vanity hides her fear of the world, her fear of acceptance. We all know the party girl, the one she whispered, with stories about her sad life, but about her notorious exploits. And we all knew the "mother figure", the least real, less well-founded, a little sadder because she knew what was going to happen. Maybe you were one of those girls. Perhaps, like me, you were each one at a time or another ... This film really captures that fragile moment in life, when desire, needs, pressures, woman, childhood, world and loneliness are all included in each head female, each factor on the hole. What's your point? What do you throw over the edge, no matter what you want to keep? And how painful is goodbye to everything you know? That's what this movie is - it's heading toward a woman while clinging to childhood and how hard it is to keep going. If you were there, you know ... and you love this movie, like me. Eating and making delicious. A beautiful piece of captured femininity.
