As a low-budget enterprise in which filmmakers themselves produce and distribute the DVDs themselves, we probably should not expect too much on the Broken Disk. And yet, what is most remarkable about this achievement is that this version comes with enough extra for the shame of a DVD by James Cameron and an extremely good presentation. As far as this one is concerned, the only major defect is that Broken comes with a non-anamorphic transfer. Otherwise, we get the film in its original ratio of 1.85: 1, demonstrating that there are no technical defects and looking pretty much as expected. Indeed, as Ferrari's hands approach this disc, you can guarantee that. The same applies to the soundtrack. Here we are offered both blends DD2.0 and DD5.1 ​​and, although I'm not sure it should be considered the "original", Ferrari's involvement in both means should not be considered inferior . Indeed, although DD5.1 ​​can provide a more atmospheric viewing experience because of how it uses the score, both are as fine and without technical defects. As for the extracts, the disc is positively overwhelmed by them. Have a look at the sidebar on the right side of the screen and you will see numerous comments, lots of pictures and various galleries. Indeed, given the way everything was divided into tiny pieces, instead of compiling in a long documentary, there is nothing to discuss. The "Stunt Anatomy" feature, for example, is exactly what it claims to be, and the same holds true for the rest of the pieces. As such, we get a lot of coverage about Broken's pre-production, production and post-production. And although it would have been preferable to find them in a "digesting" easier to digest, in this way, we get easy access to any special feature that we want to visualize. pieces, then are just the comments that need any kind of discussion. Then again, there is also a predictable air for each of the chat rails. The one involving the actors is too joking and does not take too much the movie. Ferrari's tracks are incredibly enthusiastic about the whole thing. And the technical ones are, well, extremely technical. Of course, we also have a review of what was covered elsewhere on the discs, but in just 19 minutes, none of these tracks are well awaiting. Indeed, in total, an extra-fine package.
