An independent feature can now be seen both as a cinematic artwork and as a video summary. Get into Broken and promote aggressively, with twenty short minutes, with style and excitement. But is it something good like a movie or does it just work as a demo? Ah, lying in lies. Broken is the story of Bonnie Clayton, who is kidnapped after awakening from a nightmare reappearating a night of "a sadistic stranger and his colorful entourage" (quoted from the video box). While she is held in captivity, it becomes obvious that her kidnappers know about her that she did not even know about herself. While they question it, a soldier dressed in black is thrown into hiding, trying to save her. Mayhem is next. Fortunately for us, director Alex Ferrari seems to know what he is doing or at least very good to fake him. Broken does not suffer from a lack of visual flair, which is particularly commendable given the budget and lack of experience of all involved. What is suffering is weak and a kind of derived writing. Think Long Kiss The Good Night meets the Matrix, written ten minutes after reading the Battle Club. The good news for Ferrari and the producer / writer Jorge Rodriguez is that story elements can easily be ignored for candy wraps on the display. Does he have a question that really matters so much, in just 20 minutes, to highlight the technical abilities of his creators? No, not really. Although it would be unfair to look at any negative aspect in terms of budget and length of the film. Broken is not a classic genre. The biggest problem was that it would have functioned better as a long-term feature. The last "twist" does not have enough time to be shocking. If Ferrari had time to slow the burning of the feature as needed, the plotting elements would seem less random and the film more complete. Here he knows he gets the chance. Audio Broken's Dolby Digital 5.1 is one of the brightest in the world of India. I've never heard such an aggressive thing from such a small feature. The soundtrack inspired by the Matrix is ​​very rich and deep, the gunfire has a punch, and even the dialogue refers to the surround effects. From everything that's on this disc, it's about sound that talks about praise for independent modern DVD production. Also included is an equally impressive Dolby 2.0 surround sound track, which is the default menu. <br /> <br /> Extras There are literally hours of making the features that can be found on this disc. There are so many excerpts, in fact, that I find it unrealistic to list and describe everyone here, while still waiting for readers to continue reading. Regardless of the shortcomings that the short DVD may have, the DVD is unprecedented in its informational resources. People who enjoy the film can learn everything they need to know about their production, including everything, from conceptual art to the promotion campaign. Those who are going to make an indie film can learn everything they need to know from these features. The extract is divided into categorical menus. These include: pre-production, production, post-production, short-term, and bios distribution and crew. From a critical point of view, I found that some of the sections were quite short. Had they been edited in one menu option on each menu, they would have been less frustrated to navigate, while the curse was the default at the top selection with each return to the main section menu. This is of course simply nitpicking, but probably for future versions of DVD film creators will take my advice to the heart. It has six audio reviews and interview hours pictures and talented people, and despite the consonant sales, their true colors shine. The availability to share their filming secrets with anyone who takes over this DVD is quite generous. From the excerpt I learned what editing and software effects is the most reliable and efficient, which brand of camera creates the most professional look for the smallest price, even if to get cheap soft air guns. In addition, I was offered some alternative options if I found myself unable to find products that are used in this production. Wannabe movies that do not want to read a book on this topic would do well to watch this DVD. Generally, we have marked the short one as 6 out of 10, but want to have an option for the potential length and effort, because I would have scored 8 or 9 in these areas. I recommend the DVD for its features and as a perfect example of what can be done with just eight thousand US dollars. Those who purchase the DVD can think of themselves as phantom makers for a larger project, because the more they are enjoying these boys, the longer the funding will be for the lengthy version.
