In my line of work, I sometimes contacted independent directors trying to publish my film. When I can, I look at these low-budget movies and often make me think that the future of Hollywood goes to dogs. From time to time, however, there is a film that is born of passion and pure desire, as if it were created to remind the film industry that good movies are still possible. Short film BROKEN, directed by Alex Ferrari, is an authentic surprise and deserves a second vision. 20 minutes ago, BROKEN tries to tell a compelling story (but surreal), almost without a back story. The audience is full of action, with no idea what is going on. A young woman (Samantha Jane Polay) wakes up from a dream to hear a gun fire and then she's kidnapped from her house. When she wakes up, she is surrounded by a group of mercenary bullies showing that she is at home in a comic book. These ugly boys and girls are bigger than life. All are weapons and knives. There is no way out. The kicker here is that, despite being a low-budget movie, it does not play as one. From the very beginning, the feeling is that B R O K E N was shot, edited and produced by professionals. It seems something Quentin Tarantino could have done on the day off when he fell in love with the Wachowski brothers. The film is sharp and cold, looks good and feels like something big. The act is much better than the one they usually see in these smaller movies. Polay and Paul Gordon (who play the role of the main killer, Duncan) were well-chosen. As two of the few roles in the film, it's up to them to wear the film. No special effects, no matter how well, would have saved this movie from bad action. Luckily, Polay manages to convey the real fear, and Gordon manages to get out like a real psycho. Some of the more limited roles seem to be filled with a smaller talent but hardly look. The disadvantage to B R O K E N is that it has only 20 minutes. The story ends with a twist of the Twilight Zone, which seems a little contradictory and not subtle. Looking at that, I felt like I should have had an epiphany, but it was just a feeling that it was much more banal than I hoped it would be. The movie tries hard to be one of those puzzles that lets the audience talk for hours at the local confectionery but becomes unsatisfactory. I think it's the first 20 minutes of a longer movie. <br /> <br /> RATING ME: 8 out of 10.
