The name of the young lady is Bonnie (Polay). She's appealing, she seems to be living a fairly decent life, but suddenly she is inexplicably snatched away from her home and her life by Evil Dude and Miscellaneous and Miscellaneous Evil Henchmen. Now she has no idea what's going on, but just a bunch of people armed with teeth expect her to be dead ... and she's gonna die, she does not even know why. God, I hear it all the time. Now that the content is so cheap to produce and people can create their own movies / books / comics / internal organs, there will be no one to make sure there is a quality standard! We'll be drowned in shit! The only ones who think they are actually people who have never seen movies or never read books - because we already make a floating dead man dead. There are people like Ferrari and Rodriguez who put the lie in these ignorant so-and-saps, throwing 8K on the table and doing ... well, what I would say is a better action than anything you saw in cinemas an ... but you have not seen any action movie in cinemas this year. I saw the box office. You stay away from people. It would be better to take a copy of this, spend twenty minutes of fun and continue with your lives. Come in, like Bonnie, with a lot of questions and where everything ends is nebulous. All consciousness was made in advance in many ways, but not in such a compressed quantity of time and not without such a concentrated concentrated taste. You are there for the atmosphere, mystery and weapons. That's it - all the promises of filming, and they deliver. It warms the black holes of my heart to believe that this has been done in such a budget. I've had a fairly large number of indie films here, but rarely we see something as polished as the short one, and I've never seen one made of the kind of action that looked so good. Hell, you could give the two guys 3 and I'd like to look at her. Franz Bond. Damn, anything. No, actually, I'd better see these guys make a single feature and stay away from Hollywood. Whatever there is, the killing of the film industry is undoubtedly infectious. The best indie I've ever seen and the most effective indie business card I've ever seen. The DVD has $ 20 and has bonus features in the bottom. Go get your budget for movie tickets and put it to this place.
