After the glories of The Snare, it was unlikely that another trip for Hanzo would be able to do something better, and this does not violate this expectation, but it is a great movie and is perfectly in between the fun but disordered chapter and the second terrible in terms of quality and general entertainment. The script comes from Yasuzo Masumura and has some parallel with The Snare, as well as the expected ones of a Hanzo movie, but the film rings up little changes to the formula, improving the humor of the character and giving the film a quieter, more reflective edge. The film opens with Hanzos assistant scared by a ghost, and as a rule decides immediately that he needs the carnal knowledge of this ghost. It seems that the ghost serves as a guard for a series of stolen coins, and from this configuration reveals a story about theft, corruption and shackles, with the expected violent and slow results. Shintaro Katsu is awesome as it was expected that Hanzo, entering effortlessly as a deadly warrior and sexual power of nature, is as good at times of knowing humor and sympathy, almost a regular gentleman in dramatic moments, is a performance beautifully rounded, filled with social consciousness and a touching edge. Also, the anticipated comedy is also good, its moments with "Snake" Magobei are probably the funniest of the series, while interactions with his servants are fun as ever. Although it's well loaded over time, with good moments, pretty good action and a bit of boredom, the film is losing a bit because of a relatively narrow approach. There are shades of both previous films, plot, rhythm and smarts, remember The Snare and when the movie aims to handle it very well with a strong and powerful early query sequence. Yoshio Inoue, however, portrays potentially relentless scenes, in a more experimental way, like Kenji Misumi's work with a better maneuver in the Sword of Justice, with sometimes very beautiful consequences, like a man singing a song on the koto, strange fingers on strings are unknown to him Hanzo shows his wife and sometimes a bit faint, as with an orgy that is reduced to a free pandemic swirl of nudity of moving limbs that just looks confused. Nudity and shedding of blood are generally low, which is a sin, although there is so little that a stronger approach would work better, is certainly a kind of film in which unusual and unrestricted nudity and violence are most suitable. But even with less in the way of exploitative goods this is still fun stuff, the predictable moments are achieved with aplomb and there are more than enough enough intrigue and emotions, even some effective surprises to go around. It's a true movie for fans, playing from work set in previous shots and making sweet, if not spectacular, with her. Totally, an almost complete event, if easy, ends with a delightful trilogy, the second best and deserves a watch for the enthusiasts of such things.
