Following the brilliant Goyōkiba (1972) and its excellent (and even weaker) "Goyōkiba: Kamisori Hanzō jigoku zeme" (1973), this "Goyōkiba: Oni no Hanzô yawahada koban ", also. "Razor 3: Who Has the Gold" is the third and, unfortunately, the last installment of the wonderful saga of the Immortal Samurai, Hanzo "The Razor" Ittami (brilliantly played by the great Shintarô Katsu) as well as his sexual powers enormous. As a big fan of the 1970's exploitation cinema, "Sword of Justice" has become an instant favorite of mine and therefore I was more than eager to find the sequels and anticipation when I hit them recently. While this third "Hanzo" film is not as brilliant as its predecessors, it is certainly another piece of cult-cinema that no Japanese cinematographer can afford to miss . "Who took the gold" is a bit more delusional than the two Hanzo films above, but it's just as comic and humorous and begins fabulously: The movie begins when the two Hanzo assistants see a ghost of female sex when fishing. He always wanted to sleep with a ghost, Hanzo insists that his assistants take him to the place of appearance ... If it's not a promising start for an extraordinary movie experience, I do not know what it is. Shintaro Katsu, one of my favorite actors, is once again brilliant in the role of Hanzo, a role that seems to have been written for him. Katsu IS Hanzo, the stubborn and fearless master who hates corruption and deliberately insults his superiors and whose unique interrogation techniques include female suspects. Interrogated women do not immediately fall for him because of his sexual powers and the enormous penis he treats in a routine grotesque ritual. I will not give more about the plot of "Who has the gold," but I can assure you it's as cool as it sounds. Supportive performances are also very good and, as in their predecessors, there are a lot of hilarious eccentric characters. This is, unfortunately, the last movie in the "Hanzo" series. If he had made another 20, I would happily follow everyone! The whole Hanzo series is brilliant and, while this third part is a bit inferior to its predecessors, it is certainly a necessity for all cult-cinema lovers! Oh, how I would like to have done more!
