L'Hypothèse du tableau volé (1979) begins in the courtyard of an old three-story Parisian building. Inside, we meet The Collector, an elderly man who has apparently devoted his life to studying the six existing paintings of an obscure painter, Tonnerre. A narrator recites various epigrams about art and painting, then engages in a dialogue with The Collector, describing our paintings, showing them, telling us a bit about the painter and the scandal that brought him, then telling us that he will show us something. As we walk through a door, we enter another world or worlds, or we can stretch ourselves to the limits of other possible worlds. The collector shows us through his seemingly unlimited house, including a large courtyard full of trees with a hill; Within these limits, there are six live or half-life paintings as we walk through various paintings and describe the possible meanings of each painting, of the entire work, of a whole secret story behind the paintings, the scandal, the people in paintings, the novel that inspired the paintings. And so on, and so on. Every room, every description, drives us deeper into a labyrinth, and the Collector and Narrator always engage in their separate monologues, very occasionally verging in dialogue, but mostly living separately and differently. she was looking at her the second time, so bizarre and powerful and indescribable, and so difficult to think or write. If I have an assumption about what is added to all of this, it would be a satirical satire of the whole artistic interpretation. An indicator that could be found in two of the funniest and most inexplicable scenes is the one in which The Collector presents some plastic figurines without sex - in the second, he also looks at the photographs made of the figurines that reflect the positions in the paintings - - then goes through its collection, which is now partly composed of life-size versions of the figures. If we think too much about this and we do not enjoy it, everything becomes purely plastic. No matter whether we have reached clear conclusions about L'Hypothèse du tableau volé or not, I can say with certainty that in outside of Peter Greenaway's early (and contemporary) works, such as "A Crossing Through H," I was rarely so excited about something so deep, so earnest, so dense ... and so heartless mischievous and fun.
