This project was originally designed as the movie version of the popular Japanese manga SlamDunk! and that's not something new for Jay Chou, who made the debut of the film playing a character from another popular manga D. In the process, it was decided to incorporate some kung fu into the movie, so the title, even if the idea did not was very original, with Stephen Chow's Shaolin Soccer coming in mind with martial arts and mixed ball games. However, and fortunately, those scenes in which kung fu actually influenced the games have been kept to a minimum, and in Kung Fu Dunk, really quite useless, because it does not add too much to the plot or even creates too much emotion and at best offers some cheap laughs and recalls Stephen Chow's use of kung fu in football games. Jay Chou feels comfortable in his role as martial artist Fang Shi-jie, because it is not the first time he fought martial arts (The Curse of the Golden Flower Someone?), And under the leadership of Ching Siu-Tung, to really look credible while tracing countless gangsters in a bar as seen in the trailer, just to tell you who the boss is. That was almost why his character is made a kung fu practitioner and for giving him an excuse to be a shot from the top, able to draw circles from virtually any angle. And with Eric Tsang, a Chen-Li who sees his potential and becomes his agent, joins a university to play basketball, but not without the initial objection of Ting-wei captain (Chen Bo-Lin) team and star Xiao -lan (Baron Chen, in his big-screen debut). But you know with the team members on the same side, not longer than they combine their strengths to take their opponents to the basketball court. And I'm gonna stick to my neck to say this movie is basketball, just like the goal of football. He made the sport look good because of his charismatic characters, despite the fact that they had so much coolness and availability on the ground. Here, special effects and wire works were made to make actors look like top-level pros in the NBA league and, with all honesty, they looked really amazing, especially when they mimic different dunking movements and performs combo moves due to stunning technology and work. So in reality, the kung fu elements do not have to be in the movie. The work of the stunt itself will be able to justify most of the movements because they are grounded in reality, but you are going to suspend the belief that the average height boys have springs standing to jump the height for a professional dunk. > <br /> It is a pity that the number of games was just one hand, with time spent on a lot of subplots, but each was developed and set in motion inside and outside the story as if they liked it. Things like Shi-jie's abandoned attempt to use basketball games to make his parents one day to participate, that of gangsterism that penetrates and influences his games and his love life with Charlene Choi in yet another vase role flowers, nothing else. Everybody behaves a little too cold, leaving little room for the main characters to add depth. One of the key themes is to realize the importance of teamwork, rather than individual talents and abilities, and could have been much more powerful if the players themselves interacted far beyond the court than on it and during the time except for those with five high quality cards. With the $ 10 million budget, it's easy to see where the money came - the effects, in particular, of a massive sequence of fantasy at a crucial point in the movie. It's pretty upgraded, nice to look at and probably to be justified only for its quality, but again I like to emphasize that even without those elements, basketball will still make a decent film with basketball moves. And Jay Chou's game for your team is a great impetus for any success in the box office.
