Jay Chou plays an orphan who grew up in a kung fu school but was kicked out by the corrupt director after he fought a bunch of thieves in hiring an evil offender. It happens with Eric Tsang, who realizes the liquidity potential in the talent of the young man. Basketball is the path chosen for wealth, and Tsang undertakes to place it in a university team and promote it in the press. General success leads to a basketball championship and a really ugly rival team led by the same negative character so far. Everything is a little Shaolin Soccer I think, but not so strange or ridiculous - close to the sports film conventions and offers all the elements awaiting the crowd in the configuration. You've seen it before, but it's kind of stuff that never hurts to see when it's done well. Fortunately, it's even doing well here (some might say "surprising" with Chu Yen-Ping in the chair of the director ... I expect to have "good nurses") - the script offers and the presentation is slick and stylish. Jay Chou remains quite devoid of expression all along, but this is his style, and when he leaves a trembling emotion over it can be a pretty good comic effect. Eric Tsang compensates with a character larger than the one he has played many times (in real life, for example), which receives many of the most emotional moments. Because the film revolves around basketball, it's good to have basketball matches to be scary. The show features true skill, including Chou, and some well-crafted work, and CGI adds that hyper-real kung fu skill element that makes the scenes even more fun (assuming you like it) and justifies the plot / the existence of the film. <br /> <br /> There is only one significant battle scene in the movie, but it is a doozy in the "one against many" style. Jay Chou seems to do many of his own moves and it's pretty impressive - he's clearly pretty strong and fast for real, and Ching Siu-Tung choreography makes him a real martial artist. I wish there was more, but at least a long-term fight. Very much kind of Chinese New Year's blockbuster I hoped will be from the trailer and recommended visualization!
