Lost, probably the best t.v series ever made. the story is smart and when all your questions are rewarded by watching an episode, another 100 are raised. if it is lost it can continue on magnificent paths and it is not often gone, then the best show ever will be stacked. Survivors of an airplane crash are forced to live on each other on a remote island, a dangerous new world with unique threats. after reading this by thinking how interesting it can be on the earth? and you are your answer, every season SOAR FAR has always been full of surprises, always asking yourself why this happened and what will happen every time, very unexpected thing is happening and the story goes great SO FAR! The series sucks you a lot, it's cold and very addictive, everything from wonderful creators and directing to the magnificent shows of distribution creates a very credible story. Lost is simply unbelievable, amazing, extremely fun, top notch, t.v at best. How ever you want to put it. <br /> <br /> Lost beat all the other shows by a landslide. And if you hate or criticize Lost you do not know how to watch t.v or watch the drama. Lost just does not disappoint, you would think that a series that continues so long can not improve. But no! It simply continues to flow, it is different from everything you've ever thought. "Everything happens for a reason." And this is really presented in series. Eventually you get to a point were all the clues and everything that happened or is done is added. You will feel and you will realize how the characters have changed and how and why everything is happening. <br /> <br /> The 10 minutes of excitement: you see something you have not seen coming, something important happened to the character or the island. There is hope somewhere. You see a major turn that can or will change everything. You have heard your thought, you wonder what will happen next. Your heart beats. The 30 minutes of brilliance: See an impeccable scene, tension building, you hear wonderful music by Michael Giacchino. You will see the back, an impressive action. See the noise, the cooling atmosphere, which then turns back into tension. Everyone here shows that they are addicted too, can not tell, they admire every minute and can not wait for the next episode, That I'm talking about 24/7, Too much and more is this series. you will not get enough The creators have done a great job Lost is completely unique and original you will not see anything like it The smart idea of ​​"flashbacks and flash" and something major and different every year is Wonderful of your thoughts It would ever make a series like "LOST" Something so exciting and something you'll always remember It just stunned the world when it hit TV A new generation of drama / science fiction An instant classic before I get to the audience I'm sure you've all heard of lost and 5-star reviews and your annoying friend who will not stop telling you what you're stopping from watching each episode leading to something new and does not stop better and better, you are more interested in as you go on, learn things on the island that you would not even think. Characters begin to become very pleasant, and if your criticist type you'd like to see lost more, things like how the relationship between characters develops and how they learn ways to look and do Challenges on the island. All together is a great drama and a perfect series. I think we just hope that the loss will not fall into the episodes that will come and go away ... so if you do not look lost, read again the comment from the top and you should change your mind. Seeing that you think, so before you start watching, you will never know. I strongly recommend this masterpiece of the series: LOST !! start watching !!! You have not seen anything until you look LOST!
