getting to work on this film when it was made in the summer of 1990. Shot in part at the Biltmore Estate in Asheville, NC and the rest of Winston-Salem. RJ Reynolds' massive offices have been used in many office scenes and around the beautiful city that is known as the lily of the world Winston-Salem! I liked the work, although it was a hard work to build all the sets, such as the Gulf of Mexico where Renee Russo and Jim Belushi had their meeting. I also had a great hand in decorating the bar where Larry meets the magical bartender Mr. Destiny. I fried all those pictures on the sports hero's wall, and I decorated that phone booth where Larry made a phone call for a taxi. I just put my mother in my eye so I could freeze the frames and show it to her when I saw it. I remember painting the grass at the old house with green paint because it had to be accompanied first (it was a new house in a new arrangement and I think they rented it for the film) .. then he had to cut that new cooking to make it look beautiful .. man who was tough! As for the movie, when I did it, I had no idea how it would be, but after seeing it, I fell in love with it because it really tells the story "what would it be" as well as I've ever seen it, great It's a wonderful life. I've been crying so many times <br /> <br /> I can not count. I met the wonderful Michael Caine actor while we were filming scenes at a small old league park, where Larry's childhood scenes were played and resumed. I remember that after having made a complaint and headed for the trailer, I ran and asked him for a photo and he was very kind and said "why not!" He's a good guy and a really natural and forced actor. I can not say the same thing to Jim Belushi ... he was so full of himself, smoking large Cuban cigarettes and talking loudly so that everyone who listened could hear every word. His career has never taken off, but recently he has a decent TV career. I'd tell you to watch this movie if you ever have the chance. It is wonderful and truly honest and real. You can feel Larry's pain after he enters the new world, Mr. Destiny gives him after he hits Homer and, as he wants so much for people to think he's not a bad guy, everyone thinks he is. Everyone thinks she belongs to a cat! But eventually he wins men, but until then he wants his real life so bad, especially his wonderful wife played so handsome by Linda Hamilton ... and he wants his dog to be back! So you see.
