Mr. Destiny - 3.5 / 5 Stars <br /> <br /> "Destiny's theme" is recycled from several films that span many years. Its theme ranges from recent spoofs on such plots (see Scrooged) to the same more serious and dramatic notion that worked in "A Wonderful Life" and a century earlier in Scrooge's story, as Charles Dickens "A Christmas Carol." "Involves an ungrateful man being taken on a tour of his life and seeing how his life could have been (or would have been) firsthand. In most of these types of movies, the Guardian Angel saves a man from ungratefulness and shows his life in retrospect or how it could have been. It should have been. In this case, we would have shown a businessman named Larry (James Belushi) who hates his life. He lives with an amazing wife (Linda Hamilton) and he wants a bigger life with bigger sense If he hit the ball at the state championship in high school years ago, he is convinced that his life would have been better he remembers this seemingly small moment of life because he had a big impact on his subconscious, but I doubt that an older man would have wanted a single high school act, but it works in the movie.> Anyway, Larry goes home from work one evening , where is a penpusher with Jon Lovitz when a car breaks down. He wanders in a bar in search of a pay phone and tries to tell the bartender (Michael Caine) how his life is transformed. This is the place where we see him for the first time when he remembers the baseball hit from childhood. The bartender listened and nodded, apparently without worrying about the other clients. This is probably due to the fact that the bar, though old and tattered, seems to have never been occupied by any man alive than the two men. In fact, Larry even makes a comment about never seeing the bar again. This is most likely for a reason that the public awaits before Larry. <br /> <br /> So, the bartender, who can also be an angel of incarnate God, like Clarence, attaches Larry a special drink of his, which ends by putting Larry's life back, and life was as if they were hit home run all those years before. But Larry has no idea of ​​any change at first, just as Jimmy Stewart did not realize that Clarence had wiped out his life until he got into the bar and was kicked out Larry kept no change until when he does not go home to find the different lawn outside, and a big wrestler man who occupies his home. <br /> <br /> Larry soon finds out that his life would have been very different if he hit home. Instead of marrying Linda Hamilton, she married Rene Russo and moved to a large mansion with children. He notes that Jon Lovitz is no longer his friend, but an employee of his. And the most surprising thing of all is that, with his new life, which Larry always wanted ... he finds himself polished by his old wife, Linda Hamilton; the proof that sometimes the money and a gorgeous and superficial wife do not do everything in the life of a man, as an intelligent wife and true love and happiness. Just as "Wonderful Life" has shown to the public that human life is what he does and that each person has an impact on people "Lord Destiny" shows that material wealth is not the same as spiritual wealth, a lesson has always taught us , but never so fluffy, forgetful and truly sweet, as it is shown in "Destiny Lord". "Mr. Destiny" is never extremely hilarious, but it's a nice and good comedy that does not take too seriously. The problem with the whole resumption of "a wonderful life," such as "family man," is that they try to be just as influential and memorable as "it's a wonderful life." But there are just so many times you can break a famous movie, and "Lord Destiny" knows this and plays good at this. Do not try to be something that is not; Rather, it's something that has not been tried, and this is obvious to the public. <br /> <br />
