While the original 1932 version with Preston Foster was good, there is no remake more worthy than 1959, or even more impossible to find anywhere, as I strongly argue that Mickey Rooney has something to do with it. Never could a simple performance ever have been so brilliant, or a more challenging scenario, as well as an improvement in the original. Many years after my last film review, in 1970, I read an article in which Mickey Rooney was telling a visit he had made to death and who obviously drastically removed any sense of personal identification, felt with people in similar circumstances. The article was as brief as the main character here, and it did not cover too much, except the extent of its extreme disillusionment over the quality of detainees, even in a language I would not like to quote explicitly here. . . . . One of my main problems with capital punishment is that, of course, it is not applied equally, impartially, just as many innocent people are too negligent, sent unnecessarily to meet this special fate. Another problem I have with this is that it is not applied quite quickly or, indeed, even in public! The Bible has a special point, in such cases, in relation to one of the most important purposes of such things, as a deterrent, being hidden inefficiently, minus not only a public view, but also direct participation all! As for those who claim to prove statistically that this is not an effective deterrent effect? Apart from the fact that I have a problem with the reliability of the data, I have little doubt that there is a disproportionate objective doubt, many of which are behind bars, because there is no such deterrent. However, I have a problem with the fact that Robert Duvall in Apostol was not punished for his particular "murder", or that the only hope of relief for such a man should have been based on "temporary defense "as if it were the only acceptable excuse in his case. . . . Apart from other questions about Mickey Rooney's reasons for that particular visit she has told and about the answers I can only try to speculate, I suspect that the principal was of a religious nature. I do not know exactly when it became the Christian who confesses that now he makes a special point whenever possible to point out that he is; but, as it should be well aware, this particular category of people tends to be the most vehement of blood when it comes to extracting the eye for the eye. However, I have no controversy about this, per se, just as there is no doubt, from a scriptic point of view, that not all, and perhaps even the most, will be spared by the same final fate in the hands of the Lord Himself, as a result of His sacrifice on the cross. However, for me, there is a problem with the spirit or attitude with which most of those who profess Christians underline their enthusiasm for the capital punishment; for, unlike the Lord Himself, who would like to see all who are saved (Ezekiel 18:32) (II Peter 3: 9), they seem to take revenge on their way to find reasons to condemn it! . . . What most people, on the other hand, of this superlatively burning problem can not appear sufficiently appreciated, is that the Lord is as dynamic and elusive as soft as He. The two sides of his nature appear to be so incompatible that they make him mentally disturbed, at least through any strict human account. However, no matter how hard to grasp this miraculous dynamic mixing of water and oil in its nature, there can certainly be no doubt that anything else, or something fanatical and characteristic on either side of this equation , inappropriate and unacceptable lack of judicial truth. Indeed, I have seen the most confused blood thirst for the same outrages, quite contradictory, too often, whenever they meet categorically the death penalty, even the most rational, well-balanced ones, for although the Lord has dead for everyone, not all will be saved. After all, in order to receive the looseness, you must repeat the same term, get it and receive it, that is, repent (Luke 13: 3-5). Could it make more sense? . . . But what about the Lord's command to forgive, even in the case of enemies, those who despise and persecute you without a right cause or challenge? One of the great difficulties with this type of sentimentality, as it was commonly misunderstood, is how it usually simplifies the meaning of true forgiveness. The act of forgiveness does not in itself mean the same as the unconditional excuse of the one forgiven. When it comes to a clear, well-balanced and balanced vision here, from the point of view of God's attitude, everything that is happening in reality is a determined desire that the forgiven will ultimately find its way, see the light, and be merciful. This attitude, of course, is exactly the opposite of, for example, that of Jonah, who actually rejected it when God told him that his preaching to the people of Nineveh would result in their repentance. Jonah did not want them to repent, but worthy they wanted to be destroyed. How honest, cold-blooded, like most Christians who confessed, except that his motives were no doubt better than most! I envy Jonah almost as much as I do! However, minus the repentance of the forgiven, any forgiveness he can receive from a true Christian will do no good. In such a case, the only one who can benefit is the true Christian himself!
