The city of New York hosts a man above all others, the possible immortal Dr. Anton Mordrid. Mordrid is the sworn protector of mankind, using his magical powers to keep his brother and rival Kabal bonded, so that he can not enslave the human race. Well, you did not know that? A prophecy is true, and Kabal breaks free and begins to collect elements (including platinum and uranium) for his alchemy experiments. With the help of a police woman named Sam, can Mordrid defeat his evil brother? "Dr. Mordrid" comes to me through the courtesy of Charles Band in the Full Moon Archive archive collection. I have not heard of it, which is a bit strange given that I'm a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Mordrid) and the movie is not that old. But now it's mine and I can enjoy it again and again. The movie is certainly fun in the classic full moon style. Richard Band offers music (which does not differ much from all other scores) and Brian Thompson plays evil Kabal. We even have animated dinosaur bones! What do you want more? Of course, the cheese factor is high. I felt that much of the film was a resumption of Dr. Strange's films. And the blue pantyhose was stupid. And plot holes are everywhere (I could list at least five, but why bother). And why does the ancient symbol of Mordrid and Kabal look suspiciously like a hammer and a sickle? Combs has never been a powerful actor, so it fits with cheese. These are no complaints. The moon-filled moon has come to expect these things and to devour them as a cracked grape. I'm guilty ... I liked this movie. If you're not a Full Moon fan or a fan of Jeffrey Combs ... maybe you want to look elsewhere. But if you like the style and haircuts of the early 1990s, you will eat this. Stallone and Schwarzenegger's fans may want to see Brian Thompson as a villain, looking more than ever and failing to speak English beyond a third-class level. I did. I would have liked to have a "Mordrid II", but the company that does a sequel to almost everything (really needed "Gingerdead Man 3") went on.
