I have to admit that Holly was not on the watch list for the Edinburgh Film Festival. However, after the Festival's artistic director specifically recommended this movie to an audience of over 200 people before making another film, I decided to go see him. Wow! <br /> <br /> This film deals with the very difficult problem of child prostitution and makes it without any compromise. I woke up crying several times during the movie and laughing at others. Talking about an emotional roller coaster. The main actor (Thuy Nguyen) is a new Vietnamese (who was only 14 years old when filming) and had to tackle this incredibly complex and difficult role. She reminded Keisha Castle-Hughes of the Whale Rider, but her role here is more pretentious because she has to play a child prostitute. Chances are she will win many awards. The main story is about a girl who was sold to prostitution by her family and was held as a sexual slave in a brothel in Cambodia. She meets an American (played by Ron Livingston in a powerful drama that we never used to see) who, after spending some time with her, decides to help her. At that point, however, she is sold again and goes looking for her around Cambodia. The story turns around and twists, and the audience can never predict what will happen next. The act was strong everywhere, with a very interesting international distribution. Udo Kier (very convincing as a sex tourist), Virgine Ledoyen (touching as a social assistant) and Chris Penn (one of her last films). The Asian film was also superb. Although the film deals with this difficult subject, it focuses successfully on the story of a convincing and powerful one. He was shot in Cambodia (some scenes in real operatic brothels), which adds the feeling that you're watching almost a documentary. It seems that DP used a lot of hand-held and close-up cameras and generally made you feel like you were there as part of the story. After watching, we listened to other members of the audience as they left, and it seemed like everyone was amazed. It's not an easy-to-follow movie and I greet the filmmakers because they do not make a Hollywood movie. It's by far the best movie I've ever seen at the Edinburgh Film Festival. The common opinion of my husband and a few friends.
