"Holly" is the story of a young girl who was sold by her poor family and who was sold along the border to Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the K11 infamous red light village. In the film, Holly is waiting for her to be sold for her virginity when she meets Patrick, who loses money and friends through gambling and bar fight. Patrick and Holly have a direct link to their "stubbornness", but this is interrupted when Holly is sold to a child trafficker and disappears. As we go to the movie, we are then burdened in search of Patrick to find Holly again. Holly then shows her the desire to leave this lifestyle, but her confusion about what is good and bad. "Holly" leads us through beautiful and tough Cambodia, discovering at the same time that HOLLY is not just a girl. It is the voice of millions of children who are exploited and violated each year without rights and protections. Holly is less extreme than his subject could suggest, such as 4-year documentary and human trafficking, but manages to make a considerable sense of the trafficking of children from Cambodia / Vietnamese into prostitution. It is a moving story that helps to shed light on the horrible situation many children face and their struggles to trust and achieve what is good and bad. Patrick, the film antagonist is an American trader of stolen artifacts that also loses money and friends while playing cards and entering bar battles. As he goes on a trip, the motorcycle loses its fuel and is forced to rent a room to a brothel. During her stay, she meets Holly, a 12-year-old girl who was sold by her parents and is kidnapped in slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick start a relationship of trust and understanding. He discovers an intelligent, stubborn girl under the external traumatization, and becomes determined to save her - although their strict Platonic relationship is misinterpreted by almost everyone they encounter. When he suddenly disappears, he starts a journey to follow him, without thinking if he can really help. Holly is able to escape to another brothel when she jumps out of the truck and enters a field full of me. A mine is started by a cow and the truck driver thinks he is dead, so Holly is left on his own. During Patrick's trip to find a holly, he meets a social assistant who tries to talk in a sense with him and shares his deeds with him who haunts the Cambodia region. The idea of ​​paying for her freedom simply takes care of the demand, she explains: 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - next year could be 60,000. "I'm not trying to save 60,000," he says, "I'm trying to save one." Patrick discovers that the idea of ​​banishing his safety is quickly put to rest when the social worker tells him that the US will not let him adopt, and although it takes five minutes to "save" a child, it takes five years to reintegrate in society. Patrick is not affected by the information and continues his search to find Holly. The audience is then shown that Holly is doing it in a small town and looking for food for other homeless children. She is then befriended by a local policeman who seems a little better than a badge killer when selling it to another brothel and then concluding a deal with a Vietnamese businessman who gets her virginity. Then Holly seems to think that this is her destiny and when Patrick finally finds her, she is willing to "yum yum" and "boom boom" her distant boyfriend. Patrick is completely confused by this behavioral change, but he is not discouraged in his plan to take it out of this world. Eventually, he steals it and takes her to a safe place in the comfort of the nurse. Holly has fresh clothes if it's nourishing and brought to a dance class, but it's forbidden to see Patrick. This intense desire to be in the comfort of Patrick's friendship, she escapes from the safe house and back on the streets of Cambodia. Meanwhile, Patrick is in charge of deciding to leave the country and run back to the United States or remain in Cambodia. His thoughts continue to return to Holly during a visit to a bar; an older man sees the image he holds and comments on his sexual appetite when he has sex with her. This infuriates Patrick and hits the man and drips out of the bar. Eventually, Patrick is caught by the police in Holly's eyes, hiding behind a pole. "Holly" can make the audience want to donate money to organizations that improve their lives for poor young people and even the campaign to reduce the number of brothels in the region, but the dramatic weaknesses of the film may reduce their chances of being seen by enough people to make the difference. On the whole, I think the concept is better than documentary and it was not as exciting as a movie. The actors have done an excellent job of showing the raw emotion and the real confusion of the young people affected by this lifestyle, but ultimately the harsh lifestyle of the region and the desperate notions of parents who sell their children, and sustains his own hunger, does nothing to help the children's situations.
