After enjoying this show for years, I use the dream of being able to see them again and share them with my grandchildren. I am very happy to pay a small sum for the memories we found on DVD. Florida was a gentle mother, a loving hard-working husband, a beautiful daughter and two sons as different as day and night. Michael, son of the child is a liberturist and JJ is a clown. I know many African Americans do not like this show, but I know many can refer and should have accepted it as it was. My heart was sad when I found that Ester Rolle had gone. Tyler Perry is now the main writer of today's writer and I support his work, but not so much since he made such a cruel mockery of Rolle in one of his plays. No one should hear ugly things about physical appearance. The show began to become less interesting when Daddy James died. It took a while when Florida remarried, but dropped when he took an absence from the show. Overall, the show was great and I'm again excited to have a copy of a part of my past. I try to keep up with the work of the former Good Times stars and I have to say that I am a group that has not been swept up and down with rumors. I think today's students will enjoy this show and I have no problem staying and watching the kids. Congratulations to the writer, crew and stars for the years of renewed memories of a moment that I can enjoy again without having to jump scenes. Okay, so I watch shows always. Lately I've noticed something that made me rethink the series, but they do not like it. I think Florida was a bit harsh when it came with the money the kids did. Not that the children did not need supervision, but they were made in a way that makes Flora's mother different. The scenes in which Florida had to talk about how other people were not very good looks that it bothers me now. When James was alive, the show made a big deal from James, who wanted his own Fix-it store, but he never lived to see his project family, but Florida marries someone with a fixed store. A little slap in front of an actor who should have finished his time on the Good Times, showing that he did everything he could. Finally, As I look at the shows, I see the series that go to overtime and renamed "JJ". To be true, after James left everything centered around JJ. It's not a bad thing, just a visible thing. I would not change my DVDs for any amount of money, but time, maturity and experience have begun to guide your eyes after a while.
