Like The Jeffersons, Good Times was one of the classic American sitcoms that was never broadcast in the UK, not to mention that it came out in the 1970s - a decade I was not yet born. /> But, like most of the show's fans, I watched a few episodes on You Tube - and then I liked it. The Evans family is led by James and Florida - two parents are trying to end up meeting and who, despite their lack of qualification, encourages their children who have their own aspirations alive to meet and take their chances. James was a broken, but in love father, who did not dare to discipline J.J, Michael and Thelma - if they had to cross the line. While Florida, in return, was a faithful, hearty and caring mother and a loving wife, although she was in many respects similar to James, in terms of her attitude to parental and family values ​​in African-American perspective. <br /> <br /> <br /> The children were as lively and entertaining as their parents: JJ was an aspiring artist with a dull personality and a mad sense of humor who often wore colorful jerseys and whose "DY-NO-MITE "The phrase is as infectious and familiar as Arnold Jackson's" talk about "about Willis? from Diverse Stroke. Michael was the smart Alec, who dreams of becoming a lawyer, while Sister Thelma had his own dreams and hopes. His verbal tales with JJ were mostly hilarious, as did the love / hate relationship between brother and sister, which was played very well by both Mike Evans and Bernadette Stanis. Throughout the seasons, several cameo appearances were made, especially from Janet Jackson, Debbie Allen and a young Gary Coleman as himself! In fact, I prefer to say Good Times, "The Cosby Show," which was an 80s issue because: a) I preferred the Evans family over Huxtables, both in terms of a) characterization, and b) felt he addressed serious and difficult social problems in a way that resonated with many viewers. It was a comedy, but it was also a social commentary aimed at highlighting the life of the African-American working class in the 1970s. The Cosby show attempted to respond to the general public in a "candy-covered" manner because the Huxtables were portrayed as blacks that are easily assimilated into a top-class American culture that we associate with the whites, while Good Times, in contrast, "edgier" and was not afraid to address realistically such topics as drug abuse and children. In fact, we discovered that while the Cosby show may be fun to watch sometimes, it did not have the "sassiness" that Good Times has and which made it trendy and cooler. shark during the last seasons, as continued by the character of John Amos, James died in a strange accident (in fact, it was known at the time that John gave up the good of time, and so the death of his character was written as is on the show). Without John, the show has suffered and, unfortunately, has lost much charm. Still, for a sitcom, Good Times ticked all the right boxes. If he had shown this only in the United Kingdom in the 1980s. As it is, certainly, as JJ said, "DY-NO-MITE !!" <br /> <br /> My rating: 8 and a half
