When people think of downtown Chicago, they think of Walter Payton, Ditka and Da Bears, Ryne Sandberg, The White Sox Curse Breakout in 2005, or the Immortal Michael Jordan and the six championships (and the MVP Finals) with Chicago Bulls. Rarely, in this generation, people are thinking about the difficult part of Chicago, ghettos, drug-infested streets, and life in urban housing projects in the 1970s. One of the most impressive television shows and a sitcom initiative was "Good Times, "which I vaguely remember as a small child on CBS, and I am usually enjoying TV Land now. "Good Times" was another classic Norman Lear, the producer who gave us "Jeffersons," the best American sitcom ever and "All in the family," the greatest show of all time. "Good Times" has removed the ghetto hardships and urban housing projects, and has done this with charm, well-thought-out and well-thought-out graphics, and great action, especially by the matriarch and patriarch of this ghetto family struggling with Esther Rolle and John Amos. The children in the supporting film were also pretty good, especially Janet Jackson, who was increasingly popular in his first years, and Ralph Carter, the youngest son in Florida and James Evans, whose character at the age she realizes that life is unjust and she must learn to stand on her own two feet. <br /> <br /> The greatest of JJ's children played by Jimmy Walker is somehow untouchable in this show and is there mainly for comic relief. His emotional age is about 11 or 12, even if he looks like a guy at the age of 20. J.J. becomes annoying and it is a credit for the often ugly James Evans (Amos) that he never tells J.J. to get his own life, find a job, and get out of the house. J.J. is an aspiring painter but, unlike his younger brother, it is never serious to obtain a college degree, or more importantly, to get a job to help support a household that is just above the level of well-being. Two classic episodes of the Good Times were the one where the Janet Jackson character runs a fever of 104, and Florida Evans desperately seeks medical help for her, can only afford a clinician who is very professional but does not want to give family of projects, paid more attention than she should legally. The other episode is where James Evans can not afford rent at a low price of $ 104 a month. Evans is about to get the biggest family defects, being thrown out of projects without any place. Florida Evans goes to the social services counseling center to try to get a loan or a grant to help his family. But the government does not consider the poor family because it has over $ 4,200 for a five-person family that is unjust, but unfortunately legally above the poverty line. James and the kids want to make money, but Florida is a person with a moral character and does not want to do anything dishonest, no matter how hard their situation is. Finally, the family finds a solution to keep their heads above the water. "Good Times", a classic show in the '70s, is about keeping your head above the water in a cruel world. James and Florida, Evans, work hard in ministry to try to bring their children to the right and avoid the social stigma of welfare. I was too young to understand the sitcom's message as a child in the '70s in his first CBS show, but I really like the rehearsals on TV Land in 2006. "Good Times" is one of the classic sitcoms back in the day.
