The Forbidden Planet is the genre of science fiction that is precious in cinematography, especially since the 1950s. It has been Earth Day that has still been the War of the Worlds, but let us not forget this jewel that took a story from Shakespeare's The Tempest to tell a story about astronauts on a planet that has a doctor who made a remarkable discovery. It is a kind of discovery that is not so incredible to look at (although for 1956 it seems amazing to look at some of these sets and the gigantic machine created by the doctor), but with the emphasis on its characters and themes technology taken too far primitive nature, even when we do not know that we are directing it. On the surface - that is, in the first ten minutes - it looks standard if a bit more professional acted and directed with better skill than the B-movies of the period. A ship of astronauts is on a mission on the Altair-4 planet to bring back an expedition that lacks decades before. But the only one who left is Dr. Morbis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter, who were somehow immune to an attack that left all the other dead. Morbius seems to be a cordial and very intelligent man and his technology seems so impressive that the only thing astronauts Skipper (Leslie Nielsen) can think of doing is to report back to their superiors on earth. <br /> <br /> But there is a catch - something kills ship crew members one by one every night even when others keep an eye and then put an invisible electric fence that something invisible goes through easily. Meanwhile, there is a love story between Skipper and Alraira, and the doctor has more emotion: you should not have come to the planet to start and now you have to go. What is happening from this is even more fascinating, just on a purely intellectual plane, but the Forbidden Planet never forgets that its audience should be distracted by this story while getting some useful ideas. While everyone remembers Robbie the Robot, and for good reason, perhaps the most memorable picture for me is the monster made on screen, with the crew burning without any result, animated with red electricity and showing so beastly that it seems from Fantasia. The Pidgeon actor is subtle: you would not expect him to be a villain, although something exists in the character and performance that talks about it, and to the end makes the character far more complex than he did, would expect. And the other shows are both working and excellent, from Nielsen as the Hollywood-born leader, offering a great comic amusement like Cook (which, I should add, helps with one of the funniest scenes in the film with those bourbon gallons Robbie supplies). And the effects for his time are extraordinary (sophisticated in a way of nostalgic foul for today), and the music made by electronics is beautiful in its "tones". But in the end it's the Hilcox scenario and direction that puts this note above the rest of the B movie. When it comes to being funny, it's deliberately so and it works. When it's dramatic, it connects pretty well even in its tough moments with the actors. And when we are made to think of a horrible situation, it gradually comes, in nuance, not shot in our faces, or injected with mega-action. A source of inspiration for many other SF films, and a marker of scientific stories and old books, is a classic and fun classic.
