I should say from the beginning that there are many, many things that I love about the "Forbidden Planet" and yes, we certainly consider it a classic "scientific-fictional" film for several reasons. But the adultery she has received over the years goes a little over my top. Not less an authority than Leonard Maltin says "Planet forbidden" "... is one of the most ambitious and intelligent films of his genre." Ambitious? Undoubtedly. Intelligent? It depends on which part of the movie you are talking about. It was certainly the most prestigious and the most prestigious science-fiction fiction. At a cost of nearly $ 2 million (this was 1956, remember), MGM has taken all the stops to produce a brilliant, eye-catching adventure, unlike what ever saw on the big screen, even by engaging Disney studio artists with the most elaborate special effects. "Charming" is not usually a word used to describe special effects in SF movies, but it is the one that seems the most appropriate here. Even the dreaded "Monster from the Id" is just a cartoon figure well made by the Disney people, unlikely to scare anyone over the age of eight. When I see the different sets and take note of the design of art, patterns, costumes, etc., I remember nothing more like the "Wizard of Oz" with its saturated colors and elaborate, if not always convincing effects. So much work has appeared in these films that one is inclined to smile in admiration for effort, indifferent. The forbidden planet is great to look at. The scenes take place on sets of scene that are fabulously decorated, matte planets and background space, and miniature sand dunes designed and so on to give the illusion of depth. It's a bit like watching the most elaborate stage you ever see. The most credible and convincing scenes are probably those inside the Krell massive complex, where photographs showing the depth and breadth of this interior space are well-made and credible. But then we get to the actors, darn. Performances are almost terrible uniforms, though, rightly, we have to say that the dialogue barely transcends adolescent humor, except for some more appropriate scientific technobabble passages. Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon is reduced to such a strange performance, it is sometimes lullably. A very young, Leslie Nielsen, plays the role of space commander J.J. Adams, and he does not convey an ounce of credibility or conviction throughout the movie. It seems instinctively he knows, thirty years ago, that his true forces "are in comedy, because there are times when he seems to barely keep a straight face, recite his lines." Every forced reaction, whether it be anger or passion or solemn meditation, even from a high school play. Anne Francis, also very young, goes a little bit better to the alleged innocent Alta, which we must believe he has not seen a man other than (Alta Morbius, now you are a name) Unfortunately, even at this young age, Anne Francis seems to be virgin and naive like Elizabeth Taylor in "Butterfield 8." There is a story good here, buried somewhere under the sharp comments of crewmates about Alta and another juvenile subplot about the chef of Earl Holliman's "cookie" ship (Holliman also turns into a performance I think all these actors went directly from this movie to the acting school.) Based on Shakespeare's "The Tempest," the story of a dead race, Krell and the fantastic world of cars left behind what most people tend to remember about the "Forbidden Planet," and for good reason. For a few minutes here and there, you can forget about the rest of the movie and be amazed at the Disney artist's conception of the Krell underground complex. Is it enough to compensate for the rest of the film deficiencies? You have to decide on your own. Oh, and of course, Robby Robot, every year in the 1950s, the idea of ​​what a robot needs to look and talk. He is funny. In places. So, "Forbidden Planet" for me is a very, very mixed bag. It's worth it because it was the inspiration for a whole wave of SF movies and TV shows that followed, including Star Trek. But I would suggest that anyone who thinks it is more than a well-scenic comic sci-fi book turns and look again.
