Just like others in this forum, when "Fobidden Planet" was offered in 1956, I rushed to see it. This story is an exciting phenomenon I suggest because young people, elders, men, women, scientific and physiological experts and people who find such a way out "can all come out" can follow and enjoy the story of this film and draw lines very well. on a planet other than Earth in the 21st century, other than series like "Flash Gordon." Leslie Nielsen was a bit weak for his role at the time, but Walter Pigeon, Marvin Miller, Anne Francis, Richard Anderson, Earl Holliman, and especially Warren Stevens did well. There are so many visual splendors in this case, it's hard to pick a favorite from the scenes of the movie. The Altair-4 approach, the ship itself, the landing on the alien surface of the planet, the descent through extensor ladders, the first view of the landscape, the approach to the rocket carriage, Dr. Morbius's house seen from the outside and inside, his underground complex and his wonders, armament configuration, monster struggle, final approval of the unseen destroyer, escape from the condemned planet - all these scenes are engraved in the mind of the viewer because we discover them together with the participants. Alphabetical script of veteran Cyril Hume has been intelligently filmed by long director Fred McLeod Wilcox with clarity and imagination. it is a shock to realize that there is no music; the film is borne by words, actors and the story of the mystery-revelation. It can be traced again and again with pleasure - I have done it for almost fifty years. Until this famous and well-loved film was created, no film attempted to imagine a world beyond the earth; and for decades afterwards, the ships continued to collapse on the planet - as if the imagination of the writers had failed and caused the accidents. Still the best, many say. That says something negative about the imagination of the so-called intellectual leaders of this nation - and something very positive, indeed, I suggest about those who made this gem.
