When somebody thinks about science fiction films in the 1950s, one thinks of the black and white B films that were parodied on the old Mystery Science Theater 3000. However, while there was a lot more movies like Plan 9 in outer space and Robot Monster than good movies, the 1950s had some very good, if not wonderful, science fiction films, such as Earth Day, Lead, Unbelievable Fall, Invasion of Body Torture war of the worlds and work from another world. Nevertheless, the best of them for its literacy and production values ​​was undoubtedly MGM's first major incursion into science fiction "The Forbidden Planet," launched in 1956. It was a color film 98 minutes directed by Fred M. Wilcox was endowed with a very good script by Cyril Hume, from a screenplay called Fatal Planet by Irving Block and Allen Adler that adapted aspects of William Shakespeare, The Tempest, > <br /> The film attracted rakes when it was released for the Oscar-nominated special effects for all electronic music scores by Louis and Bebe Barron (although they were credited as Electronic Tonalities to avoid musical guild fees) inspired by Chesley Bonestell, and the renowned Monster Of The Id (MOTI), animated by an animator, Joshua Meador, borrowed from the Walt Disney studio. Even more famous was the appearance of Robby Robot in his first film or television role. Later, he will appear in The Invisible Boy - included in this DVD as a bonus, as well as several appearances in 1960 TV shows, Twilight Zone, Night and Lost In Space - whose own robot is often confused, and a cameo appearance in the 1984 Gremlins. The story is simple but elegantly built and filled with humor, fueling the forced love story of the film. In the 23rd century, the United Crate of the C-57D - a flying saucer, led by Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen - yes, once was a guy before his police days) is on his way to the Altair IV planet to investigate what happened to the Bellerophon crew sent to the planet twenty years earlier . After a one-year voyage, they meet with the lone survivor of the party, Doctor Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), Prospero, in a philologist, beautiful blonde daughter Altaira (Anne Francis) - the Miranda character in a miniskirt of the 1960s Robby Robot, the household servant who is his calibrant counterpart. Morbius warns the crew of a mysterious force that killed the Bellerophon party in their first year, but he was immune to him. On the whole, it's a technically good film - especially with some poster projections and fake paintings, and the absurdity of adult reactions to Timmy and Robby's exploits is bordered by a surrealist absurdity in Dalian. However, it is obvious that film producers had no sense of the sublime absurdity of the film, because it plays right, making it more fun. As for the main feature? The forbidden planet deserves all its projects. It's not a perfect movie, but it's a great way to spend a few hours and a lot better than Star Wars, which, though twenty years later, seems much more outdated and minor. Only such films as 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, Alien and Aliens and the first two Terminator films have even matched or have overtaken this classic in depth and effect. It is worth to know that despite the Forbidden Planet "happy end", there is a possibility that MOTI still remain inactive in Alta as well. After all, she was her father's daughter and had a nightmare alive than her father when MOTI attacked the ship for the second time. Also, the film wisely shows "MOTI" once and never shows the Krel, because imagination can always generate greater frills than the best special effects. The film also uses narrative ellipses to condense the story, something much more realistic art films fail to do. The Forbidden Planet is one of those rare films that both define still transcends the era - unlike other SF films, which were quite obvious to the allegory during the Cold War. Look at her, and you will agree, as well as sleep slightly easier. But even if not, there is still the scene of Anne Francis. Only that is endless.
