There is a good reason that Walter Pidgeon warns Leslie Nielson and his crew on the rescue boat, things they do not like to dream about. As Dr. Edward Morbius, Pidgeon is the last survivor of an expedition that came to this planet 20 years earlier. Since then he has married another expeditionary member and had a daughter, Anne Francis. They are the only people left on this planet that once was the world of the origin of an ancient civilization, known as Krell. The records deciphered by Pidgeon indicate that Krell has reached a cataclysmic end of unknown origin. The cars they left behind continue to work. It may work too well as members of the relief party begin to die in a special way. <br /> <br /> I see all sorts of speculations about a remake and this is a movie that should not be remodeled because it's just as fresh as 1956. The terms would change, we would now say warp speed instead of hip drive, thanks to the durable popularity of Star Trek. We may not see the men in the rescue mission in a flying saucer as a spaceship. It could look much more like the Enterprise Starship Enterprise or the 2001 Nava Space Odyssey. It's interesting to look at science-fiction movies from different generations and see how the ideas of the future change. The story behind Forbidden Planet is an atemporal story about mortal beings who are trying to play God. /> <br /> You can not write about Forbidden Planet without commenting Robby Robot. This mechanical miracle, put together by Pidgeon, with the knowledge he gained from the Krell study, was quite hit back on that day. He received a new lease for life in the sixties with the character of the space-lost robot. His scenes with Earl Holliman playing the chef on the space ship and respecting Earl's request for some spirits at home are very funny. Robby and the other special effects were nominated for an Oscar, but lost the Ten Commandments and the Red Sea. Forbidden Smile's planet to go against a founder in Hollywood like Cecil B. DeMille. Classics from you will recognize Forbidden Planet as a futuristic revolution of the Tempest that, when you think it could have been Shakespeare's adventure in science fiction. <br /> <br /> My favorite cast is Warren Stevens who sacrifice allows Leslie Nielsen to learn exactly what he has to do with him. Never lose it whenever it's broadcast.
