The planet banned as a landmark in science fiction, paying attention to the "hard" aspects of the genre (science - not fantasy, ergo will not like it) while still playing with images and ideas of contemporary 1950s. Morbius's insulated house is a modern design with open spaces that penetrate into carved gardens, a swimming pool and state-of-the-art appliance: the Robby Robot. "Dream of the housewife!" the captain exclaimed after lunch and a demonstration of the robot's abilities to synthesize food and disintegrate waste. Also, revealing the 1950s: Frudean psychology resumes its head in Id, though Morbius rejects it as an overflowing concept. There is a touch of the Pacific war drama in the fight with the invisible monster and life on the plate. Perhaps the most opportune post-atomic fear is that Science is the enemy, and the scholars of science will uselessly destroy destruction in the search for knowledge. However, the suburban drama presented by Forbidden Planet seems to be fresh in the SF genre. They are not wizards or heroes, but ordinary sailors who cross the galaxy with the cruelty and honesty of the serviceman. The good boys are driving the flying saucer and the aliens have gone so far that we do not even know how they look - although their music - by Bebe and Louis Barron's "atmospheric tones" are remarkably futuristic today. The views of the house of Morbius are truly alien with jagged rocks and pink bonsai. The inside of the plate is just a part of Buck Rogers. There is a lot of visual to wish for. Though we have fantastic monsters and robots for kids, Forbidden Planet is a slow, tactful, slow-moving brain. They work on multiple levels at once: sci-fi hard against space adventure, philosophical against the community. <br /> <br /> There are many suburban touches. Despite all the space-related discussions, soldiers are dressed in the golf course. Morbius's fatal discovery is a humble educational facility, a school. The most interesting character is Morbius Altaira's daughter. After never seeing a man, she is undoubtedly in front of the crew. She is a post-Madonna teenager who designs her own space-age clothes and uses her every opportunity to change her clothes - imagine Christina Aguilera with a home replicator. People watching the movie might see her as a naive girl in a minidress, but every woman knows there is not a naive girl in a minidress. Anne Francis deserves better recognition for kissing the Leuthy. Unfortunately, we will never know if she "works" as she suspects, because the captain interrupts and becomes a more interesting target for her attention. She is the character who makes the important change of the movie. Surprised that her father compares Dock Dead with the other "embryos" in her landing party, she returns from her father, home, to leave with the sailors for Earth. It is this act of defiance, of maturity, which sends Morbius' creature to "Id" over the edge, allegorically destroying its creator, as it did thousands of centuries earlier for Krell. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Krell also had teen girls ...?
