The only thing I ever knew about this movie before it was Robby Robot. My preconception was that it was another one of a long line of sci-fi cheesy movies that the 1950s had remarked on. How bad I was. The big studio, the great budget, and the high production values ​​make this a powerful, at least visual, competitor for the best science fiction film ever since. It qualifies me with the visual word, because "World War" is much darker and more frightening than the "Forbidden Planet" and probably matches mold more like a foray into the alien territory. What immediately impressed me was the interpretation of the colors of the cinema, followed by the complexity and magnitude of the details involved in the house and laboratory of Dr. Morbius (Walter Pidgeon). But this was just the prelude to the frost on the cake, the underground labyrinth that served as Krell Fortress. It seems Krell's technology was even more advanced than to say that of the "Star Wars". Which made me think, the audience for this film back when released was probably the same way of awe that the theaters experienced in 1977 with SW or in 1986 with "Aliens". Watching her on a big screen TV in my living room gave me the same effect and I'm pretty resistant to hyperbole. There is not much scope to imagine "Forbidden Planet" as a direct antecedent of the Star Trek series; Gene Roddenberry himself said the film had a big impact on his vision for the show. The followers of that short series of life will easily recognize the plotting elements used here, which appeared in Star Trek. I had to do double when the C57-V United Planets were driving a transport hub, while the Robby bug that created an inability to respond was an element used by at least two or three either in the ST series. <br /> <br /> When the movie definitely got a brain tower it had to do with the whole idea of ​​"monsters from Id". The same Morbius used his subconscious mind to defend Altair IV was certainly a unique concept for 1956 when every other sci-fi hit had to do with the Martians or other grotesque grotesque creatures. The film made a subtle magic on this viewer, helping me to understand that Morbius was the protector of Altaire IV with a while in front of Commissioner Adams (Leslie Nielsen) who explained it. year 2200 is not that far. This movie may be the one that actually receives it in relation to exploring and living on other planets. I think they will have to come up with a more elegant version of Robby.
