A flying saucer (literally) equipped by a crew of about 20 male space explorers travels hundreds of millions of light years on earth to check out a colony founded 25 years ago on a "forbidden planet." What they have discovered is a more advanced robot than anything imaginable on earth, a beautiful and socially ineffective woman, and her father, an episcopal philosopher, haunted by more than the demons of the ancient civilization he has sunk -a. <br /> On the surface, this story is a mystery of the science fiction crime. Some compare it to Shakespeare's Tempest, but this is a stretch and, in some ways, an insult to the genre of scientists. Stripped by what makes a scifi movie, of course, they Tempest, but how many hundreds of movies can you say something similar? <br /> <br /> Beyond that, it's a story of warning about progress and technology, and about the social evolution necessary for its proper and safe use. However, the film continues with all the hope for our future that we expected from shows such as Star Trek. Anne Francis is not the only reason why this movie is best described as beautiful. The special effects and even the aesthetics of the backgrounds are strong enough to make the uninspired direction and uneven action almost inaccessible. If it was not about the retro-art decoration of the 1950s, you might think you're looking at a piece from the 1960s. This is a classic of the very special sub-genus of science I like to say science in the 1950s, and, although not, in my opinion, the best thing that someone interested in the SF film and special effects should see. An intelligent plot, now renowned for its reuse in six or seven Star Trek episodes, lost in space and even Farscape, deserves to be attentive and support the interest of most scifi fans. Trekkers will be particularly interested in the different aspects of the film that seem to have inspired original themes of Star Trek starring around 12 years later, although they may be disappointed with the (relatively gentle) sexism of the 1950s and lack of any racial integration. While I do not want to say, the lack of social progress in this movie was the biggest problem we had. Some will probably see this movie simply to catch a glimpse of young, beautiful Leslie Nielsen in one of his first major roles. Unfortunately, Nielsen's performance is only average, and sometimes down-right poor (especially at the climax of the film). Walter Pigeon, though quite excellent in other films, also exceeds his role. Ms. Francis, Earl Holliman and the stunning Robby Robot are the stand-out actors in this crowd, though overall character characters completing the ensemble do a good job. The problems with the shows, I guess, are so blame for the director and publisher as well. Although they certainly had most of the movie pretty good.
