This is a movie that has everything, the beaten hero, the beautiful girl in distress, the noble figure with the tragic defect and a truly awesome robot. Forbidden Planet has maintained that special magic over the years and does not lose its flavor with repeated views (although the sexual appeal of young Anne Francis helps considerably at this point). The film's fans will recognize young Leslie Nielsen portraying commander Adams, handsome and heroic, though those of us who loved him in comedy roles will probably be a little surprised by his emergence in a serious role. Walter Pidgeon, distinguished and noble, is also a player played as a scientist with a secret (Id). Other supporting films deserve a sign, especially Warren Stevens as the intelligent and creative "Doc", and, of course, the charm of Miss Francis, as mentioned above. This film was an early pioneer in electronic use in the 1950s, no less. Credits call them "tonalities," but those of us who have tried to coincide with the previous versions of the "Theremin" will recognize strange and frightening sounds and screeches, sometimes used in the sound track. However, he borrows the image of the exotic and extraterrestrial landscape of Krell's mysterious and forbidden world. The special effects are also quite arresting. I remember my fear of a young man waiting for the next manifestation of the "Id" invisible monsters, and when he is eventually seen on the scene of a battle, he spits me literally to his toes with wonder and awe. The magic of matte art is fully exploited in the dizzying scenes of the Krell scientific complex, while characters make their way through various labyrinths and passages, guided by enigmatic Dr. Morbius. I remember feeling something jealous of the fact that Dr. Morbius would have such a cool toy in the shape of Robby Robot. Robbie's persona is quite charming and in some ways looks more humorous than some of the other characters. Successful viewers such as Twilight Zone and Lost In Space will recognize Robby's recycling in some of these episodes, though I remember he never had the "personality" of the original Robby. I admit that I do not fully understand the complexity of the plot until I was old enough to understand the various references to Freudian psychology and the danger of unleashing the fears and fury that we normally hide and the anger we carry inside but we have trained, force of will, submersion and control by adhering to the social codes. Although the key to the story seems once revealed, it remains unknown (or perhaps deliberately overlooked) by Dr. Morbius until it was highlighted by Commander-General Adams, who forces Dr. Morbius to confront the evil itself. He still gave me a goose when Commander Adams pushes Dr. Morbius in front of the Krell machine that powers him with the higher intellect that opens the gates of the subconscious flood to the power of Krell's car: "Here's where your mind was in artificially, widened, consciously, still lacking the power to operate a big car, but your subconscious had been strong enough, Zowee! The forbidden planet is probably my ever-preferred SF movie, and it's still timeless and classic for the storied story and for great viewing and on-screen rendering.
