I saw the first movie when it first came out. I was 9 years old. old and found this movie so fun and very scary and unlike any other movie I've ever seen. BASIC PLOT: An expedition is sent from Earth to the fourth planet of Altair, the great star in the constellation of Aquilae to find out what happened to a colony of settlers who landed twenty years ago and who have not been heard from then. THEME: A lower civilization (ie ours) comes into contact with the remnants of a highly advanced foreign civilization, Krell - 200,000 years removed. The "seed" of destruction from a civilization is transmitted to another without knowing from the beginning. The theme of this movie is very good and bad. <br /> <br /> I saw the first movie with my brother when it first came out. I was just a boy, and the scenes of the tiger really scared me, like the scenes of battle with the force of the Unseen Creature. I was also amazed at how real things I had seen in the movie. What really captures my attention as an adult is, however, the truth of the "forbidden knowledge" movie and how relevant it will be when we (if ever) come into contact with an advanced (extraterrestrial) civilization much more developed than ourselves today. Advanced technology and responsibility seem to go hand in hand. We need to work for ourselves to acquire knowledge together with the wisdom of using advanced technology. This is, in my opinion, the great moral of the film. I learned in graduate school that "knowledge is power" is best, in fact, it is not correct! Knowledge is "potential power" depending on how it is applied (... if it's applied at all.) [It's not what you know, but the way you use what you know!] <br /> <br /> The impact this film can be made once in the future of your own person. This is knowledge itself and it is not enough, we must, WE MUST have the wisdom that knowledge depends on really controlling our destiny OR we will end up like Krell in the film - just with the naked eye. <br /> <br /> Many thanks to those who have responded to previous versions of this article with comments and corrections are very appreciated! I hope you are so entertained about this story how much I've been in the last 40+ years. ... Rating: 10 out of 10 stars
