I'm always so frustrated that most science-fiction films are indeed Western intergalactic or war dramas. Even the eye-shining "Star Wars" wars has one of its central images, a "futuristic band" that could not shoot straight. Imagine coming to about 600 people with conventional weapons, most of them having a free kick and missing them. I have read a lot of scientific literature and I wanted to have more films for the thinker. The forbidden planet, one of the oldest genres, is still one of the best. The story is based on a long-awaited civilization, Krell, who created cars that could stimulate the intelligence of any being through quantum jumps. Unfortunately, what they have not negotiated is that the brain is a center for thoughts other than intellectuals. The primitive aspect of the brain, the id, as Freud called it, is allowed to be discovered. He is released into sleep, a bad dream comes to his bodily existence. Dr. Walter Pigeon, Dr. Morbius, is the one who raised his brain to this level and with him he built machines and devices that keep him only one step ahead of the horrors in the depths of his mind. His thoughts create horrors that he will soon not be able to defend. Krell, a much superior species, could not stop it; destroyed them. The landing party has never been of great interest to me. The rest of the actors are quite interchangeable. Ann Francis is beautiful and naive and certainly would have produced a fairly high response to teenage men aged fifty. Her father's misery is exacerbated by her innocence and fifty-year-old astronauts (because they are more like construction workers than real astronauts). They always try to figure out "ladies". The chef is an extraordinary character with his obsession with hooch. Robbie Robot has more personality than most crew and wonders if Mr. Spock might not be a soul for the literal thinking of this artificial creature. The whole movie is very satisfactory because the situation is the star. Morbius can not return and is destined to destroy himself and everything with him. There are few science fiction films that are worth seeing several times; this is one that can be reached in the 21st century.
