After Dark, My Sweet is a wonderful, modern noir, full of shrewd characters, dirty roads and, of course, sweating. It seems that most of the truly new highs of the last two or three decades have taken place in the south, where men shine and ladies shine too. Why? Because it's hooooottttttttttt. And because everyone looks better wet (at least men do - sweating women let me laugh). <br /> <br /> Anyway - there might be some spoilers here. This film is a wonderful example of everything that should be a noir - the constant rhythm (although some with attention disturbances refer to him as "slow"), clear and widespread characters ( although not simple); tons of atmosphere. Noir, if anything, refers to provisions and attitudes. That's why the best ones are not marked by your traditional "big action" definitions (look at Bogart, Mitchum, Hurt and Nicholson - they (and their characters) were nothing but real - but they had style and sas and in a movie that's exactly what you want). or adventures quickly paced (again, all the big names seem to be slowly burnt like a cigarette). Big novices create an environment and live with the characters for a few hours. <br /> <br /> After Dark My Sweet, do this - and allow you to enjoy the company of very intriguing and complex characters. Uncle Bud and Collie are intriguing - they never let the audience know what they are doing to check - and Patric and Dern (I like Bruce Dern, by the way) are perfect, Dern especially (see the previous comment). They take the basic contours of a character and give them depth and feel our sympathy. <br /> <br /> The story itself is also interesting. There are better plots in the world of noir (almost no mystery here - especially suspense), but it is solid. If not, the plot simply "good" has more to do with Jim Thompson's writing than anything else. With Thompson, parcels are almost secondary; he avoided the labyrinthical stories of Hammett and Chandler for simpler stories with stronger and more confusing characters. Look at a novel like The Killer Inside Me and you'll see right away (out of the title) what it is all about. When it comes to Thompson, it's not about it, it's about it (to quote Roger Ebert). So, indeed, the relatively simple relationship of abduction is not the point and, if you do not like it, the jokes on you. <br /> <br /> Why this is an 8-star movie, rather than a 10star is because of female lead. It's not bad, but she's not Angelica Huston or Anette benning (see Jim Thompson's adaptation The Grifters if you do not know what I was talking about - besides being a better movie and starting there for contemporary noir - it's the one Better in the 90s and Blood Simple challenges for the best title in Chinatown). It just does not have the chopstick (or the look that matters for) and although she and Patric have some chemistry, I do not have it. So there.
