I think "Anyway ..." is a bottom film. Really. Tom Barman spent as he did, and shows: every scene is polished, it makes sense, ... I think most people agree. One thing many people tend to criticize is the "lack" of the story. I'm afraid it's an effect of being overwhelmed by "traditional" stories all the time. I mean: what you can get with a book, you can not do with a movie, what you can get with a movie, you can not get it just by telling a friend. The problem is that we are so accustomed to movies, series, ... to be just a film version of a story; a visual record of events - just like watching news - that we expect each movie to have these epic features: a storyline with many unusual events. And I emphasize the idea of ​​"unusual events": Most people see television on news, movies, evenings, ... very unusual things, situations once in their life. And here in "Anyway ..." there are unusual events, but not in the same "Hollywood explosion": a guy is fired, a couple back together, a car stolen ... and of course ordinary things. And that's great: just being able to appreciate all that, that universe, that's art. And I agree that especially what can be achieved only in movies, the atmosphere created by the score and the photography is put in the spotlight. But not in traditional visual films (visual blockbusters such as the Matrix); serves the characters and remains profoundly human. I mean, in every shot you feel the love that Tom Barman has for Antwerp and the urban lifestyle. And he has no use in this movie to "teach" us something; and has no great story to tell with incredible scenario overturns. He just shows everyday people everyday life, he shows a city, all with their good and bad side and says: this is us, that is our city, which is life, to enjoy it. So, basically, "Anyway ..." is not just a super groovy movie, but a much stronger (not explicit, perhaps not intentionally) message than most movies about how it really intends to convey a message. A disadvantage: now, we will have to wait five years to see the next little bartender and everyone will expect so much ...
