THE GREEN LETTER, directed by Douglas Sirk and released in 1956, is like all the Sirk films of the mid 50's - pure melodrama. However, it is the rich and rich melodrama, and Sirk's colorful expressiveness, emotion, repeated emotions, symbolism, and juxtaposition of the class make this film a right film. The film opens brilliantly, with four central characters and the plot being introduced because the credits continue to be valid. Sirk uses a smart flashback structure to take us to his world ... Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are magnificent like the two Hadley children, Kyle and Marylee. Drink and lie around women. Drink and lie around people. Both are worth millions, thanks to the Hadley oil business. Hunky, still poor, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is Kyle's friend throughout life and Marylee's love lover. Enter into this sordid mess Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a thin and attractive woman who falls in Kyle's charm after picking up a phone and flying it one evening. Mitch loves her too, but Kyle wins it. They get married quickly, and Kyle no longer drinks. But fate seems to be written on the wind, and it's not long before Marylee is a witness (Mitch, marriage or no marriage), a hidden Mitch, confused Lucy and drunk beat, Kyle. ... Malone is just wonderful as Marylee Hadley, well worth the best Oscar-winning actress. She steals every scene they are in. The stack is almost as good, reminding the melodrama, while maintaining subtle and quiet despair. Hudson and Bacall are much more burdensome than the two, yet it is in line with the characters they play. So, what is the whole melodrama really? Well, many things. Stack strong portrait of male failure and fear for one thing. Sirk surrounds the phallic symbol stack throughout the movie - he notes his little gun, oil towers and the last phallic symbol, Kyle's inability to conceive of children. Stack seems to suffer from a massive complex of male superiority, worsened by his father's preference for Hudson, his sister's wish for Hudson, and the suspicion that his wife continues with Hudson. With all this wealth, Kyle Hadley is still ending up at the wrong end of the city, buying cheap corn drinks as a "boom". It's impossible dreams and the need to let them go. The river in which Kyle, Marylee and Mitch played when they were children is constantly mentioned throughout the film, symbolizing Kyle and (especially) Marylee's desire for young people's innocence and simplicity. In an excellent melodramatic scene, perfectly disfigured by Malone, Marylee is next to the river and imagines her child again, telling her that Marylee will always be his daughter. Here Sirk strikes with the viewer a huge emotional chord. Who did not dream of returning to that special place in childhood? Who did not live a precious memory at some point? Who did not want something he could not have? And Hudson's last line of the movie (yes, he does not make any dialogue in the last 10 minutes, just close) reminds of "as long as we got out of the river, Marylee." Amazing.
