"Written on Wind" was a universal success image. It could only be done by Douglas Sirk, a man who has seen the possibilities of the given material. Based on a popular novel by Robert Wilder and an adaptation by George Zuckerman, he had all the elements that make an excellent melody: nymphomania, a great wealth of oil, alcoholism, incest and a slight touch of homosexuality. Sirk set the way for what later would be like "soaps," especially "Dallas" and "Dynasty," just to mention two. The fact is that this movie was shot entirely inside a studio. Most decoration is fake. Like many of those 1950s pictures, "Written on the Wind" was shot entirely in a batch of studios. Look at scenes that should take place in Manhattan, or Miami, or even the lake are, you can see how the landscape is a painted background. Mister. Sirk could not care less about realism, as long as he could tell the story in his own way. Recently, I got a screening, part of the revival of Sirk's work, where people laughed at some of the most dramatic moments, especially during the scenes where Rock Hudson, who plays good Mitch Wayne, appears. There is also something graphical in the way both Robert Keith, who plays Patriarch Jasper Hadley, and later his evil daughter Marylee, caresses the oil ax that adorns the oldest office, a kind of fake object. Douglas Sirk probably liked his top performances, which makes sense in the way Dorothy Malone portrays Nimfomaniac Marylee and, to some extent, Robert Stack, who overcomes the role of Kyle, the tortured heir of the story . This would probably be an easy explanation of what is happening on the screen. The only thing that seems to be normal is Lauren Bacall, who was not asked to make her character Lucy Moore seem anything but a grounded person, caught up with the wrong crowd. Together with other Hollywood films, Written on the Wind, shows the genius of a talented director who gave the audience what they wanted to see: bigger stories than life that could only be seen on the big screen
