Director Douglas Sirk once said that "there is a very short distance between art and the trash, and garbage containing madness is of this quality very close to art." This statement perfectly defines his cinema, a unique work body that includes classic stage adaptations, adventure and war films, westerns and, of course, the famous melodramas. <br /> <br /> Sirk's melodramas were, as the word music plays. Music gives the tone for its master style, and every brush stroke (Sirk was also a painter) leaves a strong image on the screen. But this is not life but its representation, an imitation of life. Sirk has never tried to show reality, on the contrary. None of the directors of his generation have better used all the technical devices provided by Hollywood (especially Technicolor) to distinguish the artificial from the real thing. Let's remember that his golden period coincided with the time when Hollywood movies turned their attention to social drama (Jungle Blackboard, Rebel Without a Cause). Sirk always knew the cinema was supposed to be something else. Another statement by Sirk summarizes this: "You can not touch or touch the true, just see reflections. If you try to understand happiness itself, your fingers only meet glass." I advise anyone who saw wind written to count the amount of mirrors and reflected images that appear on the screen. One ends up giving up. Therefore, we are in a mirror room, where there is no difference between real and false copy. No one can say that Hadley are real people. Neither is that city real, with all the oily water pumps everywhere. So, in this area, the act is affected, the decor is false, the trick is visible. Everything is pushed a little way (Dorothy Malone's sexual connotations with the oil tower, for example). Sirk criticized and theorized at the same time. <br /> <br /> "Nails are the director's thoughts, lighting is his philosophy." Writing in the wind, we follow the fall of a traditional way of life, both in a geometric way and in terms of light and shadows. House Hadleys, with its different levels of spiral staircase, works in a strictly metaphorical way. A house that resembles a mausoleum, that no party can cheer up. As the tragedy progresses from daylight to evening, Sirk's photography becomes an extension of the interior of his characters, as well as the colors of his garments. Drama is thus incorporated into every element in the service of the director's craft. Sirk considered himself a "bender story" because he leaned the standard material that he had attached to his style and purpose. Writing on the wind is a good example. He would not work in other hands. The other director who used similar strategies was Frank Tashlin, who was for the 50-year comedy the same thing that Sirk did for the melodrama. Their films are full of American life shows, televisions, theater tones, washing machines, sports cars, vacuum cleaners - to show their nakedness and decay. I am inclined to believe that their films have been viewed differently from their contemporary audience. The game was played on both sides, so it was a camp. Now we consider them "cult" or "bizarre," because we are no longer those spectators. That's why Todd Haynes's homage, "far from heaven," turns into a pastime because it reproduces Sirk's work nowadays as though nothing has happened between them. Then Sirk turns into the painting that hangs in the art gallery that Julianne Moore and the gardener talk about in the film. Sirk understood perfectly the elements of the melody. There have always been real estate characters (Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall here) against whom they could gather a number of divisions. His antithesis balance is remarkable, and it is not surprising that we are rooting for split characters because they are the ones Sirk is interested in. When Robert Stack flies on the plane and "tempts" Lauren Bacall with all sorts of worldly comforts beneath them (apparently Faustian echoes), we are also fascinated by him, as we are when the little sister, nymphomaniac, painfully evokes her past Mitch river alone. In Sirk's universe, the studio, often imposed "happy tips", has no negative impact. In fact, they worked very well. Sirk loved the Greek tragedy and considered the happy end of Deux ex ex his day. Thus, the final stage of the meeting room fits well, and we must remember that the entire film is being told in retrospect, so we know from the very beginning that the tragedy will still fall over Hadley's dispute. The many similarities between the Scripture written on the wind and the Godfather saga have been highlighted. I absolutely agree and I'm sure the parallel is not accidental. Both share the theme of the old father's powerful father, trying to keep his empire while protecting his family. The temperamental son portrayed by Robert Stack has an amazing physical resemblance to Jimmy Caan's Sonny Corleone. The action of combating the sister's male friend is symmetrical. The non-son in which the old man has put his trust is also common in both films, as well as the fact that both families are named after their city. Even the details, such as the gate that gives access to the property and the surroundings of the house covered by leaves, suggest that Coppola had in mind writing on the wind while setting up his masterpieces. Since both films deal with the subject of Power: the acquisition of power, its manipulation and heritage (even Kyle Hadley's sterility, the hurrying event, is a problem easily related to the central theme of power, in this case a weakness in sexual power). The other big film dealing with power and using American life as a representation is Citizen Kane. He would not start thinking about the similarities between Welles' and Sirk's films, but there are many, starting with the oil business as the origin of family wealth, and ending with the fact that Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), like Charles Foster Kane, was adopted by a tutor, having his father alive. Amazingly, the same actor (Harry Shannon) plays both Wayne's and Kane's dads. This detail can not be a coincidence. Written on Wind is a masterpiece in every aspect, in execution and vision, in style and technique, a climax in the career of this wonderful director. Some say this is his best movie. In my opinion, "magnificent obsession," "everything that allows heaven," "it is always tomorrow," and "imitation of life" are just as good. And for those who put Sirk at the level of Dallas or Dinasty I do not want a happy ending.
