I saw this movie at the Chicago Reeling Film Festival. To remark the past remarks of the reviewer, the sense and color of the movie is intense and expresses the feeling of a limited space, hard architecture, gentleness that makes up the urban environment of most people in Eastern and Central Europe. A style of design of a little crazy housing is how I would describe it, and this is how many people live on the edge of larger cities. I can not say that I am familiar with Bucharest, Romania, where the action took place, but I visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I visited Russia as a student for a semester, my whole group had to pull seven-storey luggage on the staircase of a sleeping dormitory, as the heroine does when moving with a woman, because they did not work. But I compete with the reviewer that the claustrophobia and the sound colors are outdated, as there are, of course, beautiful historic buildings, parks, squares that you can find in Bucharest or any historical center of Eastern Europe, and Bucharest has not obtained too many records in this movie. For me, I forget that this film conveys the claustrophobia that I feel during my half-year stay, feeling me caught and confined. (It makes you see why someone would like to emigrate and find a better life, just as people hope to escape from an urban ghetto in the United States). Also, given the climate of homophobia, let's say, in the 1980s, the two young women who fall in love with each other are forced to keep their love in a very private matter; therefore, the emphasis on their interaction in the apartment. It is remarkable and praiseworthy, in my opinion, that this thin film was made even in Romania and I find the previous reviewer's complaint about the poorly informed and patronizing poor quality film. It is unlikely that the director and the producer have brought much government support and funding to their film, and have done everything they could with their limited resources. The actors were pretty good and credible; the dialogue was generally well done and I could identify with these women. The film offers an added tilt to that of the forbidden love between two young women, Kiki, a free, energetic and fun spirit with a dark and tiring secret (admiration and love for an incestuous, Sandu brother) falls in love with Alexandra, an enlightened, idealist book woman who moves to Bucharest to begin her studies. Oppositions attract them, and their personalities seem to complement each other, although there is a certain tension between ambitious, studied, intellectual Alexandra and Kiki, who seems to attend college to thank their parents. Keeping their hidden love for parents seems to be easy to handle, though we have no sense of the tension it demands, neither see nor meet with other students - hard to believe - and the tension that preserves their secrets would be trained. The main threat to their love is Kiki's brother and her difficulty in trying to ruin his relationship with him. But Kiki's love for Alexandra seems to give him the strength he needs to finally break this connection, or is he not? That's what the suspense of the film focuses on how the narrative develops and I will not say how it ends. Ironically, Kiki's love of "illness" is not love for another woman, but for her illicit, incestuous love for her brother. Thus, a woman's love provides a potential cure for the love of a brother. <br /> <br /> Although this film sensation is tempting and claustrophobic, too limited to the interactions between Kiki and Alexandra, she was still engaged and moving to look, so I would give her a 7.
