At the awards ceremony on March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won Best Supporting Actress Oscar for her top role in a rooted legacy of Texas oil tycoon in WRITTEN ON THE WIND. The 1956 flood, adapted to Robert Wilder's novel, was a true circle with three rings presenting alcoholism, greed, impotence and nymphomania. Malone's performance as Marylee Hadley, a lonely girl, increases the pain of rejection from a childhood boyfriend, was representative of the film as a whole. Turning to look at the melodrama "the smallest common denominator," SCRISĂ DE VAND is ultimately the work of a man, the incredibly talented director, Douglas Sirk, an emigrant from the Pre-World War II, Weimar Germany, In 2005, Sirk made a name for himself as Universal Studios's trusted director with a series of theater soap operas, especially with Ross Hunter's productions, MAGNIFICENT EMBASSY, ALL THE REQUIRED PARTIES AND IMMUNE OF LIFE. The independent producer, Albert Zugsmith, offered Sirk the opportunity to work out of Universal's limitations of universal entertainment and to create a more sensational "adult" product, hence the soul of WIND and his pursuit, THE LADIES OF LADIES in 1957, both launched under the Universal International banner. Is anyone guessing why Sirk did not pursue higher themes, but apparently, the guidance of these exaggerated dramas has turned more to his artistic sensibilities. WIND LETTER might be considered a Sirk's soap opera soap opera; Indeed, it is so widespread of human vulnerability and neurosis, as described among the very rich, that it is equally convincing to see any real internal struggle among rich and famous, perhaps even more. Robert Stack (not an actor commonly known to train too much) almost fits Malone in intensity, giving Kyle Hadley a shadowy brother, a shadow of his patriarchal father. When he finds out that he can not impregnate his new bride (a beautiful leonine Lauren Bacall), Hadley goes out of his way to an already serious drinking problem with a "secret" gun fetish that threatens to make him a human bomb of time . Both brother and sister, so venal and inappropriate as such, are presented as victims of their past, giving them a human quality that makes them seem less monstrous (and much more interesting than the "good" part of the family, especially Bacall and the impossible Rock Hudson, Hadley's young friend and business friend, a surrogate son of the old man and the unpredictable object of Malone's desire.) Despite all internal co-dependence on display, there is not so much the story that is memorable here as the way it is filmed. With a true movement for composition and pictorial editing, director Sirk draws audiences into this picture with the highest Technicolor cinemas imaginable: every single blow in this film is a colorful eye-filling cloth saturated from the sight of a pink Cadillac like a tank that pulls to the front doors of a huge mansion in the decor of a luxury Miami hotel, a spec with almost dazzling shades in their diversity. and dramatic scenes use Sirk's ability to use sloping camera angles, shadowy lighting and cross-editing, which has the biggest effect in the scene where a revolted, drunk Malone dancing impatiently in her upstairs bedroom, father ascends Certainly the huge scale; the scene is so boring that you swear that you are experiencing a great oedipal drama. What you really see is garbage of an enormous kind of fun, tasted in Technicolor's peak and polished to perfection through a visual genius.
