"Ruby in Paradise" is a beautiful, age-old story about a young woman, Ruby Lee Gissing, escaping her suffocating roots to become herself. Although the titular character is artistically played by the wonderful Ashley Judd - perhaps his first film role, even if one is quite proud - the accent is not to become "someone" to the next Madonna (be it the mother of Jesus or the terrifying singer , cautioned). Instead, it emphasizes the instinct of those who follow and is somewhat introspective about them, to grow in the ideal self of an adult. NOTE: This is not an action movie! She uses an occasional story (by Mrs. Judd) as she writes in her diary - and oh, I see we've just lost the half of male readers there. But be patient with this beautiful movie, where we find that happiness can be discovered in - oh, I do not give any water, it is not later. Nightingale in the movie "Eyes Wide Shut" collaborates as Ruby Lee's noble love interest, one that helps them heal the idea of ​​implanted relationships from their youth. But even his character is not Ruby Lee's answer: There is no external hero to impose on him. The final message is that we are responsible for ourselves. Writer / director Victor Nunez, who also wrote / directed "Ulee's Gold," has done a stunning job, showing a young woman who develops himself - confronting old and evil challenges along the way. > The support film is also stellar and the music used, especially the cuts from chanteuse Sam Phillips (which I heard is T. Bone Burnett's wife), is on - especially "Trying to keep on earth. "Now when I hear the first few strings of that song, tears, Pavlovian and unlearned tears are tearing in my eyes - they are not sure whether it is music or an indelible connection with the shy and charming message of the film's empowerment. <br /> <This movie is highly recommended for any youngster who is trying to find his way. For any woman of any age, I have to see! Disadvantage: NOT on DVD, except for the Spanish. (I found out, however, that it is legal to make a copy of a VHS version that can be found online. My beloved husband found someone with a VHS copy and made a copy of my DVD.) Although this treasure of the film appears occasionally in the air? on an indie channel, usually ?? you can not rely on this when you need it most as a tonic to relieve the pressure of the world. So, buy a copy for yourself. This movie should have a major re-launch and it would be if I were the Hollywood queen. - Figgy Jones
