I first watched this film at its launch in 1987 and was emotionally affected by a combination of guilt towards what our white men did to the innocent people and the reluctance of the outside world to truly investigate these atrocities against man. /> <br /> In particular, the movement was the funeral of Steve Biko, made even alive and harder by the South African anthem played at the time. I have long believed that this film has achieved what nobody else has managed to do - to open the eyes of the world to what is really happening in South Africa. I think that I am a regular person of right thinking and can testify how this movie has changed my whole way of thinking not only in South Africa, but also in the way we, like white men, perceive black people. I have not seen any difference between people of any color or creed, but after watching this movie I physically changed my life and spent the last 17 years living in a predominantly black country and helping many people get up the current level of life and what they would not have thought possible. The biggest reward I can honestly say that I have received - I can say that in my own little move I have contributed and rediscovered the balance. But if more people thought of me and actually did something to help black people without looking for a reward, then the entire black population of the planet would be a bit better off. Release from the beginning to the end and you do not feel the excitement in your hearts when you listen to the 700 students brutally killed in Sharpville for refusing to learn Afrikaans, the senseless killing of Steve Biko, such a champion for the rights of your own peoples, and then, finally, understand that all this is not just a movie, though a magnificent one, but it actually happened less than 30 years ago. Yes, my friends, watch this movie and then see if you can go out afterwards and you can spend hard. I could not. I was too upset to know the truth. This is the hallmark of a great movie. It is obvious Sir Richard Attenborough's intention to receive this message across South Africa. Of course he did. Unless you support apartheid. God bless you.
