Richard Attenborough is a director whose name is synonymous with the "Gandhi" Oscar, back in '83. I did not know anything else over time until I recently saw "Cry Freedom," released in 1987. Although it may not have been as popular as Gandhi, it's just as impressive if not more, and was released when South Africa still did not escape the shackles of apartheid. While most social-themed films came out after the event happened, I think it was released over time. The story is based on real-life characters and events. The book on which the film is based was written by Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), a journalist who worked in South Africa by the end of the seventies. She follows the origins of Woods' friendship with Charismatic black leader Steve Biko, who is marvelously portrayed by Denzel Washington. I can not imagine a better choice for the role. Washington emits a natural charm and presence on the screen, Biko's character being necessary. While initially, Woods was against what he felt was black racism spread by Biko, after meeting with man, he could not help them in his battles and ideas. The relationship between them becomes stronger, and Woods and his family realize and become more sensitive to the situation of the people that Biko represents. Still, the strikes of the tragedy and Woods must now focus on escaping South Africa with its book so that they can publish it and let the outside world know what's going on. The second half of the film is a trap story of its escape from South Africa, alongside its family, and will keep you on the walls. There are some delicious dialogues. The purpose between Biko and the lawyer in the court room is an example. Lawyer: Do you support violence? Biko: I support a confrontation. Lawyer: Is not that violence, Mr. Biko? Biko: Not necessarily. You and I have a confrontation now, but I do not see any violence. However, there are moments that bring you back to the horrors that crossed the country before making a better sense. The scene in which the army opens fire on a protest by schoolchildren is terrifying and upsetting. It's definitely a watch. I would suggest those who are not familiar with Attenborough's work, do not take the time for it. There are movies that make a lot of money. And there are movies that make life. I would prefer the latter to any day.
