What a brilliant film. I will admit she is very ambitious with the subject. At just over two and a half hours, it is also a very long film. But none of these indicators are defective in any way. Cry Freedom, despite its minor flaws, is a powerful, moving and convincing film about the story of Black activist Steve Biko in his struggles to awaken South Africa to the horrors of apartheid. It is true that the first half is stronger than the second in terms of emotional impact. People also complained that the film suffers too much Woods is not enough Biko. I may be wrong, but although it is Biko's story, it is said in Woods' perspective, so Woods is an important character in conveying Biko's story to the world. Cry Freedom looks amazing. With the show cinema and the stunning South African landscape, it was a visual feast. The opening scenes were especially shot in a brilliant way. George Fenton's music brought dramatic weight to most scenes. It was subtle in the scenes of the second half, but shaken and dramatically in the crowd scene. The script was of exceptional quality, the scenes in the courtroom with Biko were enough to make you think that it was a good thing. In the first half of the year, Biko, in the spotlight, always had something to feel emotional, whether it was the police attack on the citizens of South Africa or the death of Biko. The second half entirely about Donald Woods carries less emotional punch, but is compensated by how it is shot, played and written. And there are parts that are really suspicious. <br /> <br /> Performances were exceptional in the entire cast, from the slightest character to the two drivers, there was only one bad performance. No matter what the accents are, but it is forgiven as easily as your performance impresses. Denzel Washington in one of his more undervalued performances, offers a truly compelling performance like Biko, and Kevin Kline looks like he can be as good at theater as he is in comedy, because he has given a subtle proper performance to match that of Washington. And the chemistry of the two men is credible and never hits a false note. Penelope Wilton is wonderful as Donald Wendy's wife, and anyway she's a great actress. From supporting performance and there may be some tendencies, two have been remarked to me. One was Timothy West, who fulfills the role of Captain DeWet. The other was John Thaw, who was ever exceptional, in a very clear role, such as Kruger. Richard Attenborough's direction is focused and continuously sensitive as usual. Generally, a truly wonderful movie. Ambitious and long is, but never ceases to be convincing, strong and entangled in motion. A clear winner from Lord Richard Attenborough, and much more praiseworthy. 10/10 Bethany Cox
