What movie! I did not imagine Richard Attenborough could have such a movie in it. Gandhi always left me indifferent, apart from Ben Kingsley's performance, and I never considered Attenborough a particularly good filmmaker. But Freedom's Cry has kept me interested in lately in a few movies. It's a polite and interesting film with great shows by Kevin Kline and a young Denzel Washington. Kline plays Donald Woods, a South African newspaper publisher, who is in love with Civil Rights activist Steve Biko. It begins as a difficult friendship, because Woods sees Biko as a black supremacist who preaches hatred against whites. But Biko, with his good words, optimistic attitude and full transparency, wins Woods and introduces him into a reality about the apartheid that Woods knew nothing about. Biko is a decent, law-abiding citizen, who altruistically opposes all prejudices and the system that keeps the people down. One night, coming from an illegal encounter, he was arrested and beaten to death. The authorities are trying to cut the issue because Biko has become a huge person in South Africa. But through Woods' efforts, the truth comes. But what should be a triumph becomes just a nightmare as Woods and his family become targets for the secret police. This film has an interesting structure. It has two narratives: first it reveals Biko's life and death. It is an amazing first half, completely dominated by Washington's charisma, which may be the highest performance ever. The second half, no less interesting, narrated Woods tries to escape from South Africa to publish a book about Biko. Woods has become an enemy of the state, a forbidden person, which means he can not meet people and can not leave his country. In addition, he is constantly spied on by the police. Kevin Kline also offers extraordinary performance in this second half. Although the first half is quite simple, the second makes interesting editing, offering Biko's flashbacks and events that show the crackdown on South African blacks. Some might argue this to make it more interesting, but for me the second half as exciting as Woods and his family are working out a bold plan to get rid of South Africa. The last minutes were so heartbreaking was in tears. The score of George Fenton and Jonas Gwangwa certainly had something to do with him. Although I have never been a fan of Fenton (I can not resist Gandhi's score), I think the score for Cry Freedom is one of the most beautiful ever made for cinema. The movie, thanks to the married music with powerful images, has sometimes reached incredible emotions. Freedom of Cry is certainly not a movie just to watch because of Denzel Washington. This is a film that must be fully appreciated. The actors, writing, music, publishing, cinema gathered in a perfect synthesis to create a ode for the power of the human spirit. This film deserves a place alongside movies like The Pianist, Life is Beautiful and Shawshank Redemption.
