"The real story of the friendship that blew South Africa and awakened the world." Richard Attenborough, who directed "A Bridge Too Far" and "Gandhi," wanted to bring to life the story of Steve Biko and the journey and trouble that journalist Donald Woods has gone through his story said. The film uses two books by Wood for his information and base - "Biko" and "Asking for Trouble". The film takes place in the late 1970s, in South Africa. South Africa is in the grip of terrible apartheid, which keeps blacks separated from whites and classifies whites as a superior race. Negri are forced to live in the streams of towns and cities, who are often harassed by the police and the army. A dawn raid showed us in a hut, while bulldozers and armed forces were pushing their way through the camp, beating and even killing the inhabitants. Then we are introduced to Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), editor of a popular newspaper. After publishing a negative story about black activist Steve Biko (Denzel Washington), Woods meets with him. The two are more attentive to each other at first, but soon become good friends and Biko shows the horrors of the apartheid system from a black point of view at Woods. This encourages Woods to speak against what is happening around him, and makes him desperate to bring the story of Steve Biko from the clutches of South Africa to the white man and the world. Soon, Steve Biko is arrested and murdered. Now, Woods and his family are falling in love to escape from South Africa to England, where Woods can publish his book on Steve Biko and apartheid. When I heard about "Cry Freedom," I was under the impression that it was a film entirely dedicated to Steve Biko's life. I've never heard of Steve Biko before I see this movie because the events in this movie really were before my time. But it's more about Donald Woods's story and his cross-border trip to Lesotho, while he tried to elude South African officials. Woods was arrested five years after Steve Biko was murdered. So to publish his manuscript on Steve Biko, he had to escape. Because the manuscript would have considered treason in South Africa and could have led Woods to a similar fate to Biko's. True Donald Woods and his wife acted as consultants for this film. Denzel Washington is just in the movie for the first hour and I was disappointed that I was expecting him to see him for the whole movie. But he was amazing as Steve Biko, and captured his personality from what I read very well and his accent sounded perfect. His performances brought him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Kevin Kline offers an excellent and thoughtful interpretation like Donald Woods, and Penelope Wilton is excellent in the role of Wendy's wife. Filming took place in Zimbabwe, and it is useless to say that there were problems when they tried to film it in South Africa. While in South Africa, the South African gestapo followed the shooting team everywhere, so they received the bad vibes and they left and went to neighboring Zimbabwe. Despite all, and the fact that apartheid did not end until seven years later, "Cry Freedom" was not banned in South Africa. But cinemas showing the film have received bomb threats. Richard Attenborough brings the horrors of apartheid to the screen with extreme force and determination. He does not stop at the end of the film when it shows what should have been a peaceful protest of students in a region, it turns into a massacre when the police open their fire. The film ends with the names of all anti-apartheid deputies who died in prison and the explanations of their death. Many had "no explanation." Some were "Epilepsy", which is hard to believe, and many others fell either from the top of the stairs or from the "Hanging Suffering". No one will ever know what really happened, but I think it is fair to say that none of these people died in their hands but in the hands of others; or be more precise in the hands of the police. <br /> <br /> "Freedom of Crime" is a film to be seen for the portrait and story of Steve Biko. It is also a devastating and devastating portrayal of a beautiful land divided in the clutches of segregation and racial violence.
