CRY FREEDOM is an excellent primer for those who want an overview of apartheid cruelty in just a few hours. Family director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is certainly not a stranger to the genre, and the collaboration between Mr. and Mrs. Woods, the main characters in their book and this film, adds extra authenticity to CRY FREEDOM. Currently, the broadcast video takes just over two and a half hours since additional 23-minute images were introduced to become a two-part TV miniseries after the initial theatrical release of the movie. While the added length serves to ameliorate the compromise of the film: the development of unevenness and blanket stereotypes, in particular, another possible defect (insistence on the destiny of white characters vs. those in Africa) can be a force. Watching CRYING FREEDOM as a political and historical educational film (as I think it should, based on her artistic merits), the story is the one that Black Africans know too well, although the younger generation may now need to see the film for a full impact. These are whites who have always been the target audience of the film and the book, hoping they will lead them to change. Now, twelve years after the film production, CRY FREEDOM is in many ways a more exciting movie to watch. Almost ten years after the black majority rule was at least theoretically, the ideals of CRY FREEDOM in 1987 remain largely unrealized. Therefore, it remains as imperative as ever for those in South Africa, especially the youngest who have heard of these actions just to see them and absorb the messages of the film. In contrast to American slavery and the exposure of the Jewish Holocaust, South African battles have been told by only two or three stories: CRY FREEDOM, CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY (OK, count twice if you include the remake) and SARAFINA mi - missed one?). All three dramas feature both American and British actors in both black and white roles. No actor in South Africa played a major, white, color, Indian or black role!). And yes, I missed another South African international drama, MANDELA and DEKLERK. Although this biopic was released after the black majority rule was established, MANDELA was interpreted by an American black (Sidney Poitier, who also starred in the original CRY THE BELOVED COUNTY), while Afrikaner DeKlerk was performed a (very spent) British Michael Caine, a good performance if you can reject that the very essence of Afrikanerdom is vehemently anti-British feelings. Until SABC local films and African movies begin to handle their own legacy, CRY FREEDOM is just as authentic as the one you will receive. As they are portrayed as whites (especially Afrikanerii) are present in the film, any visitor observer in South Africa even in 1999, not to mention 1977 when running CRY FREEDOM, will generally find the attitude of white to narrower blacks, even underestimated. Looking at CRY FREEDOM in retrospect, it is amazing that reconciliation can not happen at all, and it is. But, over time, CRY LIBERTATE does not show too many things that have changed in the minds of many people, and that the African black target of freedom and reconciliation is still in progress. Therefore, if you are a novice of the situation, CRY FREEDOM, it is the best introduction.
