Finally, I wanted to see this in a cinema. I saw Fritz Lang's video on video a few years ago. We hope the ideal screening conditions to work their magic. The conditions were ideal at Cinematheque Ontario. Original original print. The original Gothic German interlaces with simultaneous translation into English, accurate, without being too literal. Live piano accompaniment. Ideal. <br /> <br /> The magic of the movie has been sputtered for a while but eventually failed to catch, at least for me. This movie has no real connection with Wagner Ring's cycle, as I already knew that some can not. Wagner adapted the 13th c. We referred to our own goals. Part I of Fritz Lang's epic - "Siegfried" - has many things that will be known to Wagner's listeners, however. "Kriemhild's Revenge" is the story of Siegfried Kriemhild's wife, the marriage to King Etzel (Attila) Hun, and her desire to take revenge against Hagen and Gunther, Nibelungs revived, for killing Siegfried. The spectacular conflagration of this film evolved and expanded into the Wagnerian myths in Götterdämmerung, the Twilight of the Gods and the end of Valhalla. This movie stays connected to the earth. Most of the movie is spectacular. The massive sets compete with the "Cabiria" (1914), which inspired Griffith's "Intolerance" (1916). Their decoration sets a new point of reference in the splendor of barbarians. There is a huge cast of wounded, terrible and Burgundian thieves in Art Deco. And battles. Fighting that never seems to end. Kriemhild has a great success in her revenge plan. She manages to destroy everything around her. Her loyalty to Siegfried, who was martyred, seems not to provoke so much of love or devotion, but something more akin to psychosis. Lady Macbeth shouted, "Do not get me out of here." She knew she was emotionally unprepared for what she had to do. But Kriemhild does not display normal human emotions and certainly nothing is equal to the female principle. She is already "full of cruelty" to borrow Shakespeare's expression from the very beginning. Margarethe Schön and her director communicate this with a glow. I do not want to exaggerate, but that shine is practically the only expression ever to "anime" Kriemhild's face. It's the last show with a note. However, it is clearly intended, not simply a case of poor action. What we have at our disposal is a one-dimensional sketch of anger rage. Some might see Kriemhild as a heroine empowered. I just see the movie as a misogynist.
