In some ways, The Wrath of Kriemhild surpasses Siegfried's death, but he also loses the greatness of this film. The plan of this is more coherent than the first, which is quite amazing. The second half of the real poem is much more sloppy and much harder to pass, until you reach the climatic scenes; only the Iliacians are better. Lang and Harbou embellished the hunts. Nibelungenlied's compiling poet did not know a Hun on his straight bar, and as a result, they were, more or less, the same as the Burgundians. For example, although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a pagan (which is Kriemhild's main concern that Rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him) when he arrives at Hunland, the first thing he does is to go to the table . Huns here are clearly pagan; I'm almost like the cave. Their image is hilarious, especially Verbal, the jester, which has two wonderful scenes. The character of Etzel was given more weight. He is more formidable. All he does is to beat his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbou are able to build suspense, especially at the banquet scene, which is interwoven with Verbal's second performance, with an amazing effect. However, as is the nature of this half of the poem, the amazing technical achievements of the film are largely lacking in this case, except for a blinding sequence in which Etzel's room burns with the Nibelungs inside. The only thing I have to say is how Harbou changes the end. SPOILS: In poetry, after Hildebrand catches Hagen and Gunther, they are imprisoned. Kriemhild visits Hagen in the cell and asks to reveal where he hid a horde. She refuses herself to behead her brother. When Hagen refuses yet, she decapitates her. Hildebrand (or possibly Dietrich) is so disgusted that a woman would assume to kill a great warrior, which she was beheaded, in turn, calling her a "devil woman." Etzel, who is much weaker in poetry than he is here, says stupidly: "Ah, I!" I understand why he would like to preserve a unit of time and place, as Hildebrand brings him to the castle; to keep the prison settings of the two deaths would make the movie very anticlimactic. I also understand why they did not let Hildebrand kill Kriemhild: his character is much reduced here; his name is mentioned only once. But in order for Kriemhild to commit suicide, adopting Brynhild's death from Icelandic sources, he only deals with the public instead of challenging them. The point in poetry is that Kriemhild's anger goes much further, it should go into the field of pure evil. Here, I simply die for lost love. It's not that exciting.
