Please also review my comment on Die Nibelungen Part 1: Siegfried. The second part of the gargantuan production of the UFA studio in the Nibelungen saga continues in the stylized, symphonic and emotional detachment of its predecessor. However, while the first part was a passionate portrayal of individual acts of heroism, the second part is a chaotic depression of large-scale bleeding. As in the first part, director Fritz Lang maintains a continuous dynamic rhythm, the rhythm of the action and the complexity of the shot composition grow and fall easily, as the tone of each scene demands. These pictures should only be viewed with the perfect score of the Gottfried Huppertz score, which, fortunately, is on the Kino DVD. Now, with this emphasis on mass action, Lang is presented with greater challenges in staging. The sequences of action from the earliest traits were often mistakenly constructed, but now they are simply part of that rhythmic stream, with the activity on the screen swollen as an orchestra. one confessed to Siegfried's adventures matter and without excitement, the second part presents wars as a devastating tragedy. In both images, there is a deliberate lack of emotional bond with the characters. This is why Lang often keeps the room out of action without ever allowing us to feel as if we are there (and this is significant because public involvement is normally a distinction of his work Lang). That's why the performances are unusual theater, and the actors wander around them like constipated sleepiness. However, Kriemhild's revenge is constantly dealing with emotions and, in fact, is deeply humanistic. A moment of naturalism is when Atilla takes his son for the first time, and Lang actually emphasizes the sensitivity of this scene, building it with a wild and frenetic hunt of the Huns. The idea is that Lang never manipulates us in party making, and in this regard, this version has more in common with the original saga than Wagner's work. Climate memories are the antithesis of a refreshing battle scene. Why Hitler and Co. to put his eyes so stiff, which affected the reputation of these movies? Because the racist ideology of the Nazis made them automatically see Nibelungi as good boys, even if they kill children and betray their own relatives. For Hitler, their fall would always be a nationalist, not a human tragedy. But for us, non-nazi viewers, which makes this picture pleasant, is her beautiful sense of musical ritual and musical rhythm. When you see these Lang's full silent images, it makes you realize how much he was wasted in Hollywood. Rather than stabbing him with some budget tricks, he should have led him to work on some of these sword and sandal eras, images that must not be credible and we should not move emotionally, where is poetically, the operative tone that confesses us.
