Career 1: How did Kriemhild cry over Siegfried and how he succeeded King Attila Woos through Ambassador Rüdiger von Bechlarn: Kriemhild (Margarete Schön) insists on having the murderer of his beloved husband, Hagen Tronje (Hans Adalbert Schlettow), but her brother, King Gunther (Theodor Loos) refuses the request. When King Attila of the Hunt, Kriemhild, through his ambassador Rüdiger von Bechlar, makes him promise, by oath in the name of his emperor, that no man will ever offend him. Hagen Tronje hides the Nibelungen treasure at the bottom of the lake. Canto 2: How Kriemhild goes from his homeland and received by King Attila: Kriemhild brings a land from where Siegfried died and moves to the court of Hunii, where he is welcomed by Attila himself, who also promises by oath to defend it. Canto 3: As King Attila besieged Rome, and as Kriemhild called his brothers: When Kriemhild gives a little boy, Attila returns to his kingdom and asks Kriemhild what he likes most to love. She asks him to invite his brothers to come to his kingdom. Canto 4: How Kriemhild receives his brothers: Kriemhild insists on the head of Hagen Tronje, but her brothers remain loyal to their friend and again does not accept her request. Canto 5: How the Hunt celebrated the summer solstice with Nibelungen: Kriemhild asks Attila to kill Hagen Tronje, but he refuses, according to the law of the desert, the guest is considered sacred. Kriemhild offers Hulgur gold for Hagen Tronje's head. There is a fight, and Hagen Tronje kills Attila's son. Canto 6: Nibelungen's Distress: Huns lose their battle against Nibelungen, but they keep them under siege in Attila's castle. Kriemhild promises to spare his life, provided they deliver Hagen Tronje, but his brother Gunther says the German people are loyal to their friends. Canto 7: The End of the Nibelungen: After the death of Rüdiger von Bechlarn, Giselher and Gernot, Hagen Tronje and Guhther are finally captured. Kriemhild kills Hagen Tronje, ending his revenge with the destruction of Nibelungen. The conclusion of Siegfried's poetic poem in "The Revenge of Kriemhild" is also transmitted through seven dramatic dramas. The nature of the first part is a magnificent story of fantasy, adventure, romance, and betrayal; The second part is a dramatic story of hatred, vengeance and loyalty. The solid scenario with perfect character development, excellent distribution performance, and Fritz Lang's wonderful direction produced another era before time. Daughters Schön is impressive, with a totally different, obsessed and inflexible woman in her desire for revenge. The costumes that Kriemhild wears are also very impressive, and her action is based on her face and appearance. I was a little disappointed with Attila's reaction after the death of his only son, since I found her too passive. My vote is eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Os Nibelungos Part II: A Vingança de Kriemshild" ("Nibelungen Part II: The Revenge of Kriemhild")
