An absurdly hilarious and strikingly human story about the jealousy and infidelity surrounding a cockroach marriage, Wladyslaw Starewicz's pioneer "Mest kinematograficheskogo opera" or "Revenge of a Cameraman" is a delight of the early animation, full of glamor with a good way to stop motion and without imagination. and Mrs. Beetle have a completely unparalleled marriage and both want to be more excited in their lives. Mr. Beetle's wishes can only be met by the beautiful exotic dancer at the Gay Dragonfly Night Club, which he visits whenever he makes a "business trip" to the city. She is the only one who understands it. Another admirer of this dancer, an aggressive grasshopper, is jealous that Mr. Beetle stole a lady and, like fate, he would be a cameraman. The clean grasshopper follows Beetle and his acquaintances in a hotel room where they film their exploits through the keyhole. Meanwhile, Ms. Beetle has bought a friend to add emotion to her life. He is an artist and brings him a painting for a gift before both of them sit down on the couch for intimacy. At that moment, however, Mr. Beetle returns home and confesses the whole show. While Mr. Beetle sneaks through the front door, the artist's friend descends into the chimney, but he does not escape without Mr. Beetle first opening his anger and frustration over him. There is a certain irony in the following statement: "Mr. Beetle is generous, forgives his wife and leads her to a movie." He is generous enough to forgive her, and yet he was just as unbelieving just a few minutes earlier. At this point, however, I have never forgotten the cinematographer of the jealous film that complained of vengeance, and it is not surprising when it turns out to be the projection for the film that Mr. and Mrs. Beetle presented. Suddenly intersecting in the movie he enjoys is Mr Beetle's ruthless movie and his angry wife hitting his head with an umbrella before the spooky and angry husband sinks through the screen of the theater looking for the torturer. > <br /> In the final scene, both Mr and Mrs Beetle, now more appreciated by each other, serve time in prison for the fire that broke out when Mr. Beetle sought his final revenge. Do we really hope that "Beetles' life will be less interesting in the future?" This movie may seem to be a simple story of the inputs and exits of a minnow insect species, but Starewicz communicates much more than that. This is not a story about cockroaches? is a story about us. And it's surprisingly precise, is not it ?!
