For animation lovers it is a necessity, but even the general public will enjoy the CAMERAMAN REVENGE, a very early example of "pixling" by the tough pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz. Starewicz and his assistants have easily manipulated a cast of flexible insect figures to tell this story, paving the way for those looking for Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harryhausen, and legions of modern digital effects creators. <br /> <br /> THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENIER is about 10 minutes long, but he's dressed in a lot of amusing details, as the story follows the love affairs of two cockroaches from the house to a nightclub, a hotel, a cinema and, in the end, a prison cell. There are two short night dance clubs (played by a frog and a dragonfly), a tangle between a beetle and a grasshopper and a large-scale donnybrook at the cinema that ends with the projector bursting into the flames. Progresses quite elaborate for 1912, when John Bray and Winsor MacCay just started, and Walt Disney was still in class school! It is also interesting to note, what is the impact of changing the title books of a silent film can have on the story. I have seen two versions of this movie offered by two video companies and I have followed them back, and although the content of the image itself is almost identical, two different sets of interlaces say two very different stories. (And the plot sketch someone provided above tells yet another third story, suggesting that there is another version out there somewhere.) The British Film Institute, which has rimming intertitles, tells the story of two brother beetles, each married secret who I hide this information from each other to inherit their late father's wealth. The other, printed Russian, tells a simple story about married cockroaches who are each guilty of infidelity. In the Russian version, Mr. Beetle visits her friend at "Gay Dragonfly" nightclub, while in English, brother Bill Beetle visits her husband at the music room. Personally, I prefer directly and spice the Russian story; the BFI version tries to ruin too much the plot in what should be a simple story, and some of the rhymes are a bit weird. However, in any interpretation, THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is a delightful movie and would be an ideal idea for that other exceptional animated work that contains beetles, SUBMARINE YELLOW.
