Mary Pickford often said that Tess Skinner was his favorite role in the film. Well said! She has played twice and for this version she produced herself, not only had to buy her Adolph Zukor's rights, but even give credit to her film's main book. Needless to say, interpreting this role here is the most successful. Indeed, in my opinion, the film itself evaluates as one of the wonderful experiences of silent cinema. True, director John S. Robertson does not move his room one centimeter from start to finish, but in Robertson's hands with skill, this affection not only does not matter but is probably more effective. A first-rate creative artist, Robertson is a master of rhythm, angles and room fitting. He also attracted brilliant natural performances from all his players. Jean Hersholt, who is dealing with hard, is so hideously repulsive, it is hard to believe that he is the same man as Dr. Christian; while Lloyd Hughes has one of the best jobs in his entire career. True, it is probably not the way Mrs. White intended, but she admirably served the plot, otherwise we would have had difficulty explaining why the medicine spent a fortune on defense but did not make the slightest attempt to find out who shot really the gun that killed his future brother-in-law! Undoubtedly, this great quality of the hero is reduced by Jack Ging in the 1960s version, which at the same time totally eliminates the authoritative attack of a middle class Christianity. Notice how the well-washed priest here is advancing at a rhythm or two surprisingly at the interruption, but then makes no attempt to help our little heroin in fulfilling the duties that he himself ought to be ordained to administer. This is a really moving scene because it is so realistic. "Tess" also gives insight into the work of another beautiful actress, Gloria Hope, whose work has been entirely limited to the silent cinema. He married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to fully dedicate his husband's life to his two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but lived until 1976, easily contacted in Pasadena, but I bet nobody had the brains to interview her. Another lost opportunity! <br /> <br /> For me, Forrest Robinson just made an impression like Skinner. I thought he was a bit stupid, and a brief look at his filmography proves this: He usually played priests or judges! David Torrence, as usual, was great. In total, an expensive production with a beautiful photo and wonderful production values.
