This film fails to engage and move, even in 2008, for an audience familiar only with modern technology and advanced computer technology. The experience of the 1922 film that could see this in a cinema with others on their big screen must have been really deep and a satisfying experience. You have to ask a movie maker today to make a two-hour silent movie and make it interesting and to achieve the same tempo structure and balance as this movie has. The production of silent films was a pure art, it had to pay attention to its structure, direction and acting - there was no filling with more words or distraction generated by the computer. A poorly accomplished or uninteresting film is silent. This film must be put in context for those who may be disturbed by mentioning Christian themes. This is not a "Christiany" movie, it sells nothing. These themes, along with references to current moral standards, often appear in this era - and the Sunday church was a national period, Christianity was given in most households, so the film describes only normal life as it used to be then. The themes would have been true and deep at that time. It is very strange, given the strong support given to Christian thought in this film (and does not preach the religion to anyone, emphasizing only the difference between hypocrites and honest) that in 1922 a pastor, in an open debate, with a representative of the film industry, a large crowd, denounced Pickford as an example of immorality, along with other individuals he calls. NY Times 1922. Perhaps you should have watched this movie which also went out in 1922 and learned a few lessons. The pastor complained that since the film industry began the church the presence decreased by 500,000. The representative of the film did, however, make the following remarks: also that the salon was abandoned, that there were more pastors in prison than actors (fact) and that selecting a few examples among many was not representative of everything. the struggle between the church and the cinema industry in the early days of the film. This is a wonderful movie about being honest and true to family friends and being willing to make sacrifices. Mary Pickford, naive, honest, joyful, full of happiness and joy, faithful, humorous, sacrificing in silence - though poor and incongruous, she was the perfect character. However, this did not push us in the throat, but we just revealed little by little through the movie. This reminds of some modern Chinese films, where the characters are slowly and slowly reduced during a movie, and this is a tempo that creates a stronger connection with the character. <br /> <br /> It has a good tempo for the first half that builds all the elements for the last section. The last 30 minutes are great movie achievements and it has to be appreciated that it has been achieved without the benefit of sound, dialogue in progress - it was achieved by acting and excellent direction. Sometimes it's surprising to realize that at the end of the movie you have not heard a word spoken, but it feels like you've heard everything. The ensemble who performed has performed in great shows, especially Gloria Hope, Jean Hersholt and Lloyd Hughes. <br /> <br /> The last few minutes are typical Pickford humor underestimated as it goes out under the pretext of sweeping the snow, an almost perfect balance and it ends. This is a special kind of emotional humor that should not be underestimated. Chaplin has often used this device and copied some of Pickford. Another special observation to be made about Silent films, and especially Pickford films, is that the star must often hold the camera for much of the movie without the audience becoming jaded or bored with over-exposure actors. That Pickford is usually the focus of attention through most of her films, but people still could not get enough of it is a testament to her ability to act well.
