If it were the original version of TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY (also with Mary Pickford) in 1914, I probably would have rated it much higher because this type of extreme melodrama and sentimentality was quite typical for adolescents. However, by 1922, this film has already begun to show its age. And compared to other Pickford movies (like DADDY LONGLEGS, SPARROWS, MY BEST GIRL, and SUDS), TESS is approaching a bit - and not every Pickford movie deserves a 10 (even if it was America's lover). we do not have to say that it's a bad movie - it certainly is not. But I can not see how many have given this movie a 10. The film has a very long and complicated plot - especially because most of the movies of the era they were shorter An old rich maneuver builds a mansion on the top of a hill near the river At the bottom of the hill there are some dirty squatters he hates but he can not evict So he tries to come with a variety of ways to get them out of the ground, one ending in tragedy, when her daughter's fiance is killed in a mess with the good people, the man accused of murder is the old lady of Mary, although she is innocent. much more u only real crime witness will not speak and the dead had left his pregnant fiancée! So at this point, we have an innocent man in prison who is waiting to be executed and a pregnant woman afraid to tell her holy father that she is "on the family path." There's a ton more for the movie, like the son of the drunkard who falls in love with Maria, but it's better to see the movie for yourself. The film excels in some respects. The plot, though very complicated, is also quite exciting, and cinema is the first time. The very final scene is also quite nice. However, there is so much obvious sentiment that you can practically cut with a knife. Maria is so good and so sweet and so weird, sometimes the spectator might find it all a little hard to take. While working great in 1922 (making him the world's largest star), today he is very dated. This is not true of all of her films, but that's certainly true. By the way, the Image Entertainment DVD is of decent quality, although some scenes are seriously degraded - something that is not very surprising given the age of the movie. Also, the only extras included are a short filmography.
