Unknown and defiant, beautiful TESS OF STORM COUNTRY is the daughter of a fisherman crouching on the land of a rich man. Spirited and bold, she surprises the heart of the millionaire's son, but violence, terror and sudden death are what will haunt her future just before she can claim the sweet peace of happiness. Mary Pickford is absolutely charming in this splendid, unimaginable movie. She considered her as her favorite role and filled her with all the joy and excitement of anger, which for years made her the most popular movie star in the world. The story has all the essential elements for a modern fairytale, and Maria, the beautiful heroine destroyed, surrounded by all sorts of dangerous and stressful situations. Atmospheres are first class, and outdoor fishermen's sets are particularly well-designed. In the play, Jean Hersholt stands out as a vicious bastard trying to force Pickford to marry him. Hersholt, a very gentle soul out of the screen, manages to imagine the complete moral corruption of his character. It was actually the second time Pickford filmed TESS. A 1914 version had been one of his first major films, but his production values ​​were slightly outdated by the 1920s (for example, not close) and Mary, producing their own films and quite strong until 1922, the film he Desired, decided for the only time in his career to remind a movie. The end result has certainly assumed its expectations. Both films were very popular at the box office. A fascinating study for a future film researcher would be the influence of Christianity in Mary Pickford's life; it surely runs like a golden thread through the silent films it produced. Although the romanticism inherent to the silent cinema nature could today cause these spiritual feelings in a strange state, we are obliged to accept them as honest reflections, through their repetition, of Maria's intimate beliefs. In TESS, there is a beautiful scene in this regard: Pickford learns to read using a Bible. She tells Lloyd Hughes (who plays her girlfriend) a word near the book that she does not understand. He mimics for her (the word is obviously "crucified") and, with dark eyes Heavenward, like the meaning of Sacrifice, smiles upon her, Mary's face becomes beatifically positive. A splendid new orchestral score for TESS was provided by Jeffrey Mark Silverman, who perfectly emphasizes the beauty and passion of this wonderful film.
