PAGE 3 **** of 4 Stars <br /> <br /> Madhvi (Konkona Sen) enters her friend's house naked. She looks out of there and then goes to her bedroom and you can take a picture - "Ah, another girl that two baddie timing and yes, he really two of them they but it's a guy this time. I say "Brilliant!" END OF SPOILERS (The scene above is not really a spoiler ... but for me it was so I did not want to take a shot) <br /> When asked how it was this movie, my friend answered "oh, it's just an P3 people's show," which made me think I did not see a bad movie if nothing else. When I went to the theater, I thought to me "I better have a pen and a piece of paper to record the bad stuff about this movie," but I was totally wrong - and then some because I could only collect the goods. because it is an unmatched and non-commercial cinema like the story, but because of intelligence in the scenario and how this movie tells you how to busy with a brilliant film that could have been a bad and meaningless film if it had been put in the wrong hands. /> <br /> Konkona Sen Sharma is graceful. She's so beautiful, she fried her role perfectly, as if she were born to play this part. One of the most charming actresses I've ever seen. But this is not the only performance that is good in the film, there are Sandhya Mridul, Boman Irani and Atul Kulkarni. Especially Sandhya Mridul, which lights the screen. (And Guess What Even Sharma Tara Unusually Speaks Normally Talks) Movies are playing with some foolish old parts of film industry stars and others and you have an idea of ​​what the movie will be about. And for about half an hour through the movie you feel the same. But then the movie takes the rhythm grab a good story and never let it go. Even Boman Irani agrees with that statement? "It was a good story, Madhvi." (Thank you). The most important thing is that it addresses the question of how stupid these people are with style and does not overcome them and deals with social issues and does not make them boring. Finally, a roller-coaster ride and Madhvi let us know that just smiling to all these people. Just the reason I like to watch movies. Film extraction. The script is beautiful, intelligent and full of witchcraft.
