Madhur Bhandarkar gave them all the brutes. But the best part is he did not forget to give the ingredients. It was short and clear to the spectator and the public is making the choice now. Page 3 is a revelation of the naked truth, regardless of the cruelty attached to it. Madhavi (Konkan Sharma) is a journalist and enjoys her work. A simple and quiet life loves her with a loving caregiver and a Pearl roommate. It covers the Celebrity of the Nation Today, where Deepak Suri (Boman Irani.) Has a very supportive editor. But life returns for her as she hits the first shot and moves away from it and gets into murder. Omigosh! a whole new world awaited her there. She is shocked, excited, astonished by revelation. Her reaction has led to the loss of her job. At the end she returns to page 3. Now, when she meets a celebrity at a party, she knows the real look of each one, hidden under the illusory face. The movie has a message and is gross. Audiences have to get it in their own color. The theme and script were fantastic. There are some very good thoughts to prepare the audience. Like the prelude of the club is presented before the pedophile exhibition, the short suspense before the gay actions in the bathroom. Dialogues are strong, and actors are very good at delivering. Charou Mohanty has two words speaking of volumes and is very successful in saying these two words with such ingenuity, it leaves an impact. The selections you set could have been better. The songs are nowhere; but they were needed in the background. The Kulkarni Atoll has a small role with great impact. There were some visible defects. Atul Kulkarni explains to Konkan Sharma that honesty should be labeled with intelligence. It could have been a better dialogue because it sounds like a sermon. The encounter between Thapar and his daughter does not require acting. This scene seems very unprofessional. Generally, it is a film that must be viewed with selective options before the pedophilia incident. That can destroy your mood.
