Madhur Bhandarkar leads this film, which should expose the lifestyle of the rich and famous, while providing a commentary on the integrity of journalism today. Celebrities spend endlessly, like to be seen at these parties, and get the proper exposure in the media. In fact, the movie should believe that this exposure is made by celebrities in the socialities and newspapers have a huge hand in this regard. IMO has much more synergy between celebrities and the media and is a "I need you, you need me" relationship. However, the media needs more celebrities and not the other way round. However, the social column (page 3 of the newspaper), the reporter Konkana Sen Sharma, is being thrown in this constant party environment. It is presented as a celebrity producer, very popular at social gatherings. She has a good friend in homosexual Abhijeet and in model fighter Rohit (Bikram Saluja). She has rooms with a host? sister Pearl (Sandhya Mridul), and a fighting actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The editor of the newspaper is Boman Irani, and a reporter beaten by brutal murders is played by Atul Kulkarni. The film has almost too much plot and character deviation, but it works at a certain level. The wealthy turned out to be rotten to the core, for the most part, the biz movie was clear to the maximum with casting sofa scenarios, power exploitation, hunger for media exposure. In all this, homosexual encounters a homosexual encounter that seems to have little to do with story or plot, aggressive use of drugs, pedophilia, and the death of police "meets". In the light of Pearl's desire to have a super-rich husband, a social daughter allowed in a sexual encounter in a car, the women who married, all seem to be unpleasant. The movie has an absolutely excellent behavior Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has almost no role? a sin in my opinion. But supportive distribution is more than competent (Boman Irani is very good). That saves the movie for me. Mister. Bhandarkar bites more than he can chew or process on celluloid and turns the film into a free game for all the bash. I would have liked to focus on one or two aspects of social illness and explored them more effectively. He encourages social exploitation, but he himself exploits all the masculine ingredients necessary for a film to be successful. We have an article number in a Bollywood themed party, drugged children dance a perfectly choreographic dance at a Western rhythm. I hope the next one from Madhur Bhandarkar dares to escape even more of the stereotypical ingredients in the Hindi film. The film is a brave effort (though wrong), certainly worth a watch.
