Page 3 is one of the films that Madhur Bhandarkar makes to expose the dirt of society. The film is convincing, but, like most of Bhandarkar's films, it is unilateral and too pessimistic. This film is about tabloid journalism, gossip, celebrities. The film exposes the lives of socialists, whose lifestyle is ludicrously disastrous, weird and repugnant. It's happening, they're only interested in fame, they plan parties at funerals, they want more money and a bigger reputation, they'll do anything to be exposed in the media, to make their name courageously printed on the everyday column known as "Page 3", with huge photos that will be the focus of people's talks. They are looking for special attention, salsa and hypocrites. The cinematographic industry is presented as careless, with a casting couch being a common phenomenon among filmmakers. There is thrown our beautiful heroine, a young social columnist Madhvi Sharma. All these people in the Mumbai elite depend on her articles and she is the right person to make friends with these parties if you want to mention it in her article. Later, in the film, we find out that those who are Madhvi's friends are not different from these people in the high society. This was a hard watch for me, although the movie is undoubtedly courageous and the issues she is dealing with are interesting. The music of the film is average. The only possible songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", sung by the two melodic queens Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle, respectively. Otherwise, the soundtrack is bad. A song that was particularly horrible is "Filmy Very Filmy". The movie is pretty good. The second half is much better than the first, because it turns more into matter and exposes more important aspects such as terrorism and child abuse. Here the movie has to be applauded. He was sad to know that people prefer to ignore such crimes out of fear and the disappointment of Konkona Sen Sharma's character was very easy to understand. She was excellent throughout the movie, and her role in the final stages was particularly impressive. Kulkarni had a very small part, but he was right. Boman Irani is solid as the editor of the newspaper. Sandhya Mridul is appealing as Madhvi's roommate, Pearl, who marries an older man for money and is quite honest to admit it. The finishing of the film is very well made and gives a certain sigh of relief after the unimaginably harsh procedures. Page 3 is a good film, it's interesting and sometimes moves, but its level of interest and general quality are affected by its exaggerated, overly dirty and negative portrait of the rich and famous.
