After reading the rest of the reviews and comments, I felt I had to come up against this movie. Roeg's films tend to have nothing to do with each other and expect it to be one of those you liked is probably out of the mark. What this film is is a careful and unswerving look at religious faith. The only other film like this - from the point of view of his religious message - should be "The Rapture" of Tolkin. I am amazed that anyone can say that the story is muddled or supernatural. It's a simple film about Catholic faith, miracles and redemption-though you would not have guessed it by the end. It's also the only film I can think of, whose resolution literally turns into a word game. Like me (fortunately) fallen Catholic, I know about the movie and find some kind of mercy in her final innocence about the relationship between God and man. But if you are not familiar with the theology on which the film is based, then it will even go over your head. As a film - unlike a story - "Cold Heaven" is not broken. While "The Rapture" is hard for pictorial significance and cinematic imagery, "Cold Heaven" loses its own cinematic qualities. No shocking photos, no exaggerated effects, no attempt to match the content with the shape. It's a filming, but subdued. He does not have a dialogue or works to put it in a high drama class. It's a simple story that's just happening. It may seem odd; but at the end reveals the mystery. Appears ambiguously; but with one line the ambiguity disappears into a puff of Catholic dogma. In this respect, "Cold Heaven" has exactly the same thing that drives a movie like Polanski's "The Sting," or "Sixth Sentiment," or "Final Descent," or "A Pure Formality." All these are movies with a trick in the sleeves. They can shake you along the way, but they have a point - one obvious, indeed - but the fun is, at least in part, taken. However, even if it seems to be more than a strange dog story with a punch line, it is worthwhile to look for the way it directs - and misdirects you. Try it - especially if you are or have ever been a Catholic.
