While visiting Romania with his CIA father, Tony (Adam Arkin), a talented highschool defender seen as a savior to lead his team eventually to a victory over rival Simpson, says a potential palm reader Romania , the people are not allowed many books, so they began to read their palms) to be bitten by a werewolf ("When the moon is full, you do not meet, you will be busy"). Well, who would have shuffled him ... Tony is actually biting and his life will be changed forever. After his father, unfortunately, dies in a mistake inside his bomb shelter (!), Shot to the son of a werewolf in a shelter of a metal bomb, it is not a very good idea, especially if the bullet does not leave the room and ricks up like a pinball berserk), Tony travels across the earth over the years until he gets tired of packing and decades (and many US presidents) return to lead his football team later in a victory over him Simpson ... a long time ago. What was once a clean white high school turned into a drug ghetto, violence and perversion. To get an idea of ​​what looks like the 80-year-old Full Moon high school party, think about Studio 54 with teenagers. Werewolves Larry Cohen's parody, among other things, is full of gags, tributes and jokes . My favorite sequences contain one in the sex class in which Tony reveals in the 80's 80s the transformation of the werewolf and the introductory stage of Dr. Brand (Alan Arkin, who steals the film when Kenneth Mars is not on the screen), perhaps even the worst psychiatrist Earth. His task of talking a jumper leads to two people falling from a balcony ... the jumper and a fireman (trying, at first, to talk him out of him), both fuming upset at Brand! The brand is even trying to make Tony sign an oscillation for his body being donated to science so that he can receive his wife's wife! Kenneth Mars put me on the floor as a homosexual football coach (and later in the 80's as principal) who likes to put his players behind the scenes where Tony downloads the truth for the classic sex class. The film is loaded with casting inspirational choices, simply filled with funny characters and spoken performances ... such as Ed McMahon as a very conservative military bortor, which actually looks identical to Joseph McCathy sitting next to his photograph in the shelter with a bomb (always talking about commissions), Joanne Nail, as an eye in the Ricky currently falling for the werewolf, Elizabeth Hartman (A Patch of Blue) as a mousy, nerdy molestas (.. and molest) finds an attraction to Tony, James Dixon as a deputy (his big scene makes him steal a line from his police chief, recited to Dr. Brand, who begins to read his words in memory), Roz Kelly as Jane, an unusually devoted woman, she has constantly called for her to abduct and Bill Kirchenbauer as Flynn, Tony's friend for a long time and now the police chief who received Jane after his friend left from town. I can not forget JM J Bullock as Flynn's closed homosexual son trying to fit in school hoping to find a lady with hilarious results. on prowl ... is often mentioned in the newspapers as Jack The Nipper because he likes to bite his victims on the cheek ... and not talk to his face. He saw more as an offense than a danger. Carrie and Psycho's celebrations are beautiful, and the violin violin is also funny. Cohen throws so many noises to the spectator, ultimately he must stay. Obviously, in a comedy like this, not every joke hits its mark, but many do. Distribution makes this worthwhile. The film looks cheap on Larry Cohen's typical budget. Look at the 50-year scenes where old cast members who would appear down the road wore brilliant wigs. He loved Adam in the lead ... he is the perfect foil for the bands that follow him, and the zingers he lets fly from Cohen's screenplay. The film moves fast, rarely breathing. I liked this horror comedy more than it seems.
