I'm not kidding about the summary and vote! Video distributors packed this film as another typical werewolf film in the 1980s, but it is, in fact, the biggest parody of the horror genre you can imagine, making for the horror movie that has made " Seven Lights "for the West. I've seen a lot of comedies - good, bad, stupid, strange. (usually walking unprinted) and I think comedy should be the most difficult kind for filmmakers and actors to work out - touch to make things successful and some of them have good ideas. "Full Moon High" is full of good ideas - so many, in fact, that it can easily put the shame of Airplane and Naked Gun from Zucker / Abrams. One of the best of them is the presence of Ed McMahon in a leading role in the role of John Birch in the right style. Jokes, non-sequels, wisecracks and word-play are literally non-stop and everything, including the kitchen sink, has been thrown in. The ironic tone is very similar to "Back to the Future". Some people (almost all of the commentators here) must have been stopped by the spirit of anarchy here, but I almost died of laughter and this is one of those movies where you never know what kind of crazy situation will still appear. Since the extraordinary movie B-Larry Cohen did not make a straight comedy before that, he feels he does to waste time by including any joke that he or his collaborators can think of. If Mel Brooks did this, critics would call it a comic masterpiece, but because it was made by Cohen, it was rejected as a chic. Critical reviews have called this movie too "stupid". SILLY? What should be a comedy - serious? Anyway, I laughed harder for this movie than any other one I can think of. Cohen's having fun with everyone - including himself, with a lot of references to his usual low-cost movie brand; he and the actors must have had a complete explosion doing that. Humor is very Mel Brooks-ish, and anyone who loves Jewish humor or watches a lot of B movies (especially horror) will love this. Believe me: the movie is not too hard to find, and as long as you accept it for what it is - a belly-roller coaster laughs without a pretense of social value - then you will really enjoy it! </ p> <p> <br /> A sidenote: this film should go into history as one thing Bob Saget has ever played (though in a nutshell) that was actually fun.
