I do not know why people, except for many indie low budget films, but I liked it because I'm a fan of urban horrors. There are not many urban horror movies out there, so when I saw him on the shelf, only the title alone attracted my curiosity. So I decided to check it out and I was surprised ... you do not really meet a low-cost indie horror movie with a great acting and a good story. Is the budget low? Yes. Can you say that it has a low budget? Yes ... but once you start watching the movie, you will become so wrapped up in the story that it does not matter. I love hip hop music and the soundtrack is nice! I do not know what happens to all these bad reviews for this movie. All I hear is "the worst film ever". Have they seen these idiots EVERY movie there? There are thousands of movies out there, how can you classify one as "the worst" ever? A movie, not a "movie," like a "zombie," may be the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can not say it's the worst movie ever since I saw no movie there. The bottom line those people who have given this bad movie commentary are probably out of the suburbs. Listen, if you do not like minority movies, urban movies, ghetto movies, hip-hop, etc. Why do you see these types of movies ??? !!! knowing that you do not like this kind of thing? Sure, this is a horror movie, but it's not just a horror film, it's a URBAN horror film with a multi-cultural distribution. I do not like television shows like Dawson's Creek or O.C., SUCK for me. Movies like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" SUCK for me. I'm a guy in New Jersey, and these shows and movies suck. Why? Because I can not relate to them. I can not reach the maximum. Just good sense. Believe me, I will never forget GARDEN STATE 2: GRADIN SALAD, GIRLS 2: Here is a continuation of torture again, from the first assimilation so bad and I HEART HUCKABORING. Now back to this movie, regarding the comment saint405 above, I do not know if the guy was smoking crack or was beaten "stupid" by his drunk dad before watching the movie, but to me, everyone did a good job. The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a really good job. I am an aspiring actor who took theater at my school and had to do a play where I had to cry and it's not easy to be emotional in a scene, so I give props to actors who have to make an emotional scene and shoot it out . Anyway, I liked this movie and I never heard of these actors and directors before, but you bet I'll take care of their stuff from now on and if I read them, PRIN SEQUEL !!! I'm out. Jerzee Representin '!
