Welcome to Oakland, where the dead go out to play, and even boys in DA's hood can not stop them. This low-budget, direct-to-video production seems to coincide with the release of Land of the Dead, the latest installment of George A. Romero's famous zombie series. Setting up the ghetto and hip-hop soundtrack can provide additional attraction for hounds in gore. Ricky (Carl Washington) works at a medical research facility while raising his brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But the teenager, bored with macaroni and cheese cheeses in the tract's home, would have preferred to spend the time hanging out of street friends Marco and Kev. It seems that there is not much for African-American parents to drop out of high school to do on this side of the bay, except for drugs dealing with drugs and slipping with gay men, including the rival of Latino bands. Ricky intends to sell her home to her parents late and move inside the Castro Valley, a middle-class middle and probably more secure. Unfortunately, before this happens, a thrust shot leaves Jermaine dead on the porch. Ricky suffers from pain Ricky tries a last desperate game. He tells Scotty, his lab assistant, to steal some of the experimental cellular regeneration formula they tested on rats. When a double dose does not revive Jermaine, there is no choice but to call 911. But a funny thing happens on the way to the morgue. The boy is reanimated as a flying zombie, eating ambulance drivers and retiring in the night, leaning back in revenge and starving for fresh meat. Feeding frenzy affects more victims and before crossing over the East Bay is a battlefield between living vicious and blood-injured. The horror genre has seen more than its share of cheap movie producers, from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis to Charles Band. But small budgets do not necessarily mean bad movies. Consider the programs of Val Lewton (Cat People, The Leopard Man, Isle of the Dead), Roger Corman Poe's Reports, Dead Romero's Night, and John Carpenter's Halloween. The difference between memorable and terrible has more to do with talent and ambition than with money. Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than a few hundred million dollars worth of recent high-price horrors. The chef has his charm. In really cheap movies, actors wear their clothes in the middle of real settings. Here, the towed houses have fresh walls painted in neutral tones of matte, borrowing a totally oppressive sumacry as Douglas Sirk's bourgeois melodies in the 1950s. The lines appear more improvised than the scripts. - What the hell are we going to do now? "Keep your eyes open for anything that does not seem normal." Ricky and Scotty are calling their boss, who calls a former military named Romero. "I have a huge bitch about a problem that we need to take care of quickly." "It's not a problem," says the mercenary, closing his phone and grabbing his guns. Everyone has guns, and even when they fight the zombies, they are on mobile phones, as it is not today? Information is changed with a naturalistic understatement. "What happened?" "I came in with some crazy mother mother." "Already F N 'vu ... It's zombie again in the park ..." Ricky really has to blow her girlfriend, saying just "She's out of my hand." Unlike most zombie films, it provides a reason for chaos. Jermaine takes revenge on the gang bangers who shot him, which in turn continues to tremble. This is urban filming that involves its own social commentary, a production near guerrilla, suggesting a future for a reduced horror that reflects real life instead of supernatural clichés. The Quiroz brothers, who have confessed their name as an anticipation of a new movement, could inspire others to tell stories from personal experience instead of imitating Hollywood's tired product. Given the limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz made a cheap but technically acceptable feature of the people I know. Rocky Robinson's photographer does the job, Eduardo Quiroz's music is no easier than Carpenter's Halloween theme, and hip-hop tunes by The Darkroom Family and others add atmosphere. The result is promising, if not exhilarating. They learn their craft and, unlike Lewis and Wood, who have never been better, the next one can be traced.
