There were images of "race" near the beginning of the movie. The films that took place almost entirely black cucumbers were made by Poverty Row (more often than the Caucasians) segregated studios for ghetto theaters. With the growing urban growth in the 1970s, this idea was revived with a wave of "blaxploitation" images created for urban beam houses that overlapped black actors and funky atmosphere over traditional film Bs. This trend even has spread to horror traits with titles such as Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill, which serve versions of blaxploitation of monster standards. And did not he die with the closure of most urban theaters? it slowly slowed down the elderly video and continues with direct DVD releases with a low budget like that. Ed and Hollywood's Hood of the Dead, adopt the recent popularity of horror films for the hip-hop audience. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist in Oakland who is trying to keep his younger brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels), from trouble after the death of his parents. After Jermaine is shot by drug dealers, Ricky decides to use the experimental cell regeneration formula he has been working on in an attempt to save the adolescent's life. It seems that his efforts are for nothing, and Jermaine's body is taken. However, does the body never reach the morgue? Jermaine re-animates in the coroner car as a hungry zombie in the flesh. He kills the drivers, then goes after the gang that killed him, spreading the zombie infection wherever he goes. After hearing from the friends of Jermaine Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about the attack on gangsters, Ricky believes the only thing you have to do is to capture Jermaine and try to cover all the thing before he and Scott's (Chris Angelo) accomplice are arrested for the chaos they have provoked. However, they soon discover that contagion spreads too quickly to control them. By keeping things simple, the Quiroz team manages to create a fun horror trait without exaggerating to the point where things start to look steady. Along the way, they add some interesting things. When he first confronted a zombie, Scott tells Ricky: "Shoot him in the head like in movies!" ?? an effective way to find out how to kill zombies. Additional twisting is added when the first blow of the head does not kill the brain, adding to the spectator's anxiety. Another good point is that the soundtrack uses only a limit to using the sub-Eminem style, which is in "creepy" standard music.
