most bad reviews on this site blame "Hood of the Living Dead" for one (or more) of the following reasons: 1) It's a low-budget, virtually no-action movie; 2) it was so bad that it made me laugh 3) it's something I could do. I will not even discuss the first point, because it is a very subjective question if you like or do not like low-budget and independent stuff. I have to say, however, that I still can not understand the people who rent such a Hood of the Living Dead and then look surprised when they realize that she is not so polished and cute as a romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey. As for the second point, I really do not see what's so bad with laughter. I personally like to laugh and love movies that make me comedy or horror movies. When I was in "Hammerhead" I saw this girl who got into a PUDDLE and the shark man got out of it to eat it, I just cracked it. And I was grateful that the director made such a stupid scene and gave me ten seconds of pure fun. Frankly, laughter makes me feel good, while it seems like many people who write reviews do see this as a bad thing. If you just want to feel sad and scared while watching a movie, "Hood of the Living Dead" and low budget filming are certainly not for you. But please do not come tell us you find them ridiculous. We already know that. This is probably the reason why we decided to watch the film first. However, it is the third point that leaves completely embarrassed. Just a few years ago, people were out of the theaters to see the "Blair Witch Project," which is a more rudimentary, boring, plot and worse than "Hood of the Living Dead" and seriously). In addition, half a million people go to YouTube every day to watch the short films of "Lonelygirl15", which is certainly a person with a nice girlfriend, a room and a webcam they could do! Do not talk about all the videos and more amateurs you can find there. Why do people not blame those clips for bad behavior and a nonexistent plot? I think it is one of the best things of our time that everyone, with accessible technology and a bunch of friends, can make their own movies and share them with people who have similar interests. And I feel a certain admiration for those who spend the weekend with their friends, making an honest (yet refreshing) piece of garbage like this, rather than buying at the mall or playing video games only. Leave aside your prejudices and your desire to sound like a smart film critic by attacking b movies and you will see that "Hood of the Living Dead" can bring you almost as much fun as its makers! If you have a taste for refreshing and appealing horror movies, we recommend "Zombiez", "The Ghosts of Edendale", "The Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "Do not Look in the Basement" , "Redneck Zombies," "Jesus Christ Vampiri-Slayer," and "Habit."
