This little movie seen is an easy and relaxed giallo. She moves away from some of the gender clichés and adopts a weaker approach. It's a woman who is looking for her missing lover; a psychiatrist who suddenly disappeared for no apparent reason. Her quest leads her into a villa populated by a group of eccentric people. In true giallo style, killing is never far away. The distribution is really pretty good. We have Aldofo Celi (Thunderball), Alida Valli (Suspiria), Horst Frank (Cat o 'Nine Tails) and a very young Sybil Danning (the queen of shouts of 80). The lead actress is Rosemary Dexter, and while I'm not familiar with her, she does a good job of driving the picture. One of the defining features of Eye in Labyrinth is his music. Unlike a giallo, it features a jazz-rock fusion soundtrack. This score, composed by Roberto Nicolosi, reminds Miles Davis, especially his work on a silent path. It is an excellent soundtrack and really gives this film a feeling different from most gialli. The fusion channel accentuates the disturbing atmosphere and compliments the sunny landscape on the front of which the film is largely formed. This is a giallo, so we need to talk about crime kits. Well, this movie falls a little in this regard. It certainly is not deprived of them, but they are few and they are very far away. The opening of the dream-killing is probably the best offer, as well as a memorable succession of machines burning. But this movie is not really violent. However, I do not think it should disappoint too many experienced fans of the genre. The mystery is quite convincing and has plenty of eccentric characters (the idiotic Saro boy and that inappropriate, inappropriate dubious accent) and the bizarre moments of satisfying; while the weakness factor is sustained with a nudity of nudity throughout. The Eye of the Labyrinth plays as a giallo version of a mystery of Agatha Christie because it presents a group of unimaginable characters in a villa, all under suspicion of murder; we have the mandatory flashbacks detailing their connections with the last hours of the crime victim (extremely unfocused). While this is not a degree - an example of a genre, it is certainly an attractive way, because it does not borrow too much from other sub-genre movies. For the enthusiasts at Giallo, I give this with a big finger and I hope one day a DVD transfer will be nice. It certainly deserves treatment.
