I have not seen the original "Journey Incredible" since I was a kid, so I can not really compare the two versions. This version tells of three animals, two dogs and a cat, whose owners leave them with friends in rural areas when the family father needs to take up a new job in San Francisco. Pets, believing they were abandoned, escaped and went on a long journey through the wilderness. This story could have been most often filmed as a cartoon, but both versions are actually live-action movies made with real animals. A major difference is that in the later version, the animals speak in human voices, giving each distinct personality something that was not done in the original movie. (A similar device to talk to animals was used in other recent children's films, such as "Racing Stripes"). Some critics have been more careful about using this device, but my opinion is that giving the animals distinct personalities helps reinforce the film rather than weaken it. The animals were cast by great stars, Don Ameche, Michael J. Fox and Sally Fields. Both dogs are male and their relationship is parallel to that of many people in "buddy" movies. Shadow, a gold retriever, is the wise, older dog; Probably the youngest is brash, imprudent and impulsive. For British eyes Chance looks like a boxer, but he is actually an American bulldog, a race different from the British cousin. Sassy cat is female with a fairly prime and appropriate personality. She is very proud of her cat's status, which in her eyes is extremely superior to any dog. ("Cats reign, dogs leak!"). From the adult point of view, the film has a series of mistakes; may be sentimental, some incidents (such as the one in which the animals manage to catch a mountain lion in the river) are quite incredible, and the human characters are completely forgotten. However, this film is mainly intended for children and I suspect they will enjoy it very much. Of course, any animal-loving child will do this. (The comments of some professional critics such as James Berardinelli, who complained that the voices of the animals have diminished the "grandeur" of the film, serve only to reinforce my view that professional critics are not always the best guides for children's films. "Homeward Bound" focused on its supposed greatness). One thing that adults will appreciate is the photograph of the Sierra Nevada Mountains in California. They also appreciate the mixture of humor and enthusiasm of the film, while animals facing anger face dangers such as bears, mountain lions and wild porcupines. This is a very pleasant family film. 7/10
