ALTERNATIVE SPECTACLES Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey is an important film in my life because it is the first movie I remember to see in my city cinema as a 4 year old scam. The story is based on the novel Sheila Burnford and is why it is not possible to write this as a Lassie-free clone. The basic story: Two dogs and a cat live happily in the Seaver Family when the new mother of the three children gets a job in the city and has to move temporarily to San Francisco while the animals are sent to a farm to live a few months. The links between the animals and the children they supervise are particularly strong, and the Golden Retriever Shadow and the Sassy Himalayan cat are stuck in the children's heart, although the American young and lucky bulldog known as Chance is a bit less worried and somewhat cynical (due in part to his voice explaining that he was abandoned as a kid, taken in an animal shelter and bought by the family), although his rise as a character during the story provides much of an important story. The three pet animals escape the farm and head for the wilderness and dangerous wilderness (fantastic wild settings), driven by Shadow's instincts of direction. They encounter more dangers along the way, hoping to make it home, while the ranch family and hosts are suddenly worried about the disappearance of the animals. There are funny moments throughout, a great dialogue between the three animals and hilarious lines (see - memorable quotes) and an emotional companion that grows among the main characters throughout the story, punctuated by moments of sadness (such as when Sassy's arrogance trying to cross a river without getting wet falls into the river and flushes cascade, leaves a moment of loss that is deeply felt by viewers). , I can not see what the salvation of the girl lost in the wilderness adds to the story and the journey I'm taking. Somehow, it seems to be useless as part of the story. The end hits the higher stakes when the shadow falls in a pit in a trainyard and hurts its foot, finds it hard to get out and gives up, exhausted, followed by the chance to climb with him to convince them to climb, telling them how important it is to him and how he pushed them so far that he did not throw it so easily. <br /> <br /> The way this scene is not finished leaves an ambiguity that unfolds in the final scene when Chance and Sassy return home, but Shadow is not to be seen. Then, as everything seems to be lost, he appears slowly and reunites with his family. The conclusion of the chan at the end talks about the co-development that has developed between him and his colleagues on the journey, and realizing at what house is actually his long journey to get there, leaves a fine epilogue to show how much his character grew, but also how they have the other two. Wait a second, I think I'm gonna cry ... Anyway, I did not read Sheila Burnford's book, so I do not pretend I know where the differences between the book and the lie lie. But this is a movie that the whole family can watch and while everyone will love the animals talking, older viewers will better understand the plot line (as I found when I looked back on the film after many years without to see him). This movie is a masterpiece in cinema and I suggest that if you have not seen it, go out and take it! And please avoid going on (see my review for Homeward Bound II!)
