"Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey" is one of those wonderful old movies about pets. I enjoy a place among the great movies of his genre and even the cinema world, along with other animated films such as Old Yeller, Napoleon, Fluke and Air Bud. This means it's more than just a pet movie. Maybe this is just a "remake"? It's too good to be a "remake"! I have known this wholeheartedly since the early teens (when I was 12 years old). It's a family movie to enjoy. It is emotional, thrilling, adventurous, exciting, fun, humorous, charming, sweet, nostalgic, beautiful, emotional and sometimes dramatic. It's one of those movies to make a smile on the faces of those who appreciate such films. This film is not devoid of qualities. It has a well-thought-out story, pleasing characters, an excellent and relaxing instrumental soundtrack, stunning landscapes in the magnificent Sierra's landscapes (in Oregon). Speaking of visions, not all the mountains: forests, trees, rivers, waterfalls, sunsets ... in conclusion, all the wonders of pure nature - truly a complete panorama. <br /> <br /> The main human characters are beautiful, well-developed and well represented by the actors. Robert Hays is wonderful as the father of goodness, Bob Seaver. Kim Greist is good as Laura Burnford. Veronica Lauren is as good as Hope. Kevin Chevalia is conventional, being the youngest and cute brother Jamie (his appearance reminds me a lot of Kevin Corcoran in "Old Yeller"). Benj Thall is great as Peter Burnford. When it comes to our quadruped friends, Shadow is my favorite. Shadow is the old Golden Retriever, loyal, wise, mature, beautiful, in love and loving (shining by Don Ameche). Chance, the American bulldog, is the opposite of Shadow. He is fearless, stupid, impatient, anxious, clumsy, hilarious and likes to play (expressed by talented Michael J. Fox). Chances can not stand alone. Sassy is the symbol of the cat's image: elegant, independent, very confident and self-proud, with a typical cat attitude, but with some lantern charm. Sassy is a Himalayan cat of the Seal Point type, one of the most beautiful cat breeds. Sassy is expressed by Sally Field, who also does a good job. Our four-legged friends are, in themselves, great "actors" by nature: Ben Shadow, Rattler as Chance and Tiki Sassy. <br /> <br /> It's an undervalued movie, but a classic on its own. Its continuation is clearly inferior. This should definitely be the Top 250.
