This comment contains spoilers! <br /> <br /> There are few actors who have an intangible for them. This innate quality, which is an amalgamation of charisma, domination and gossip. It is the quality that can separate the good actors from the truly wonderful ones. I think George Clooney and Jack Nicholson have it. You can look at Clooney's subtleties in scenes as one good word by Andy Garcia in Ocean's 11, when he's just expressing the name of the other scornful. "Terry." "Danny." You can choose any number of Jack's shows dating from Five Simple Pieces to dinner for some good people and the courtroom's interrogation scene. These guys have it. You can add Denzel Washington to the small and exclusive list of actors that emanates that terrible feature in everything he does. If you look at some of his explosive border diatribes in The Siege, at his impressive tribute to Malcolm X in Spike Lee's movie of the same name, you can see that there is no finer actor working today. I do not mention all these things to insinuate that Man on fire is perfect only because of Denzel's work, but he is definitely the cogh of production. I was literally fascinated by some of his scenes that are cruel, emotional, and incendiary at the same time. Washington plays Creasy a former spy or CIA agent or one of those hidden government operations. He has hit the rock bottom pretty much because he has become disillusioned with the life he has led. He has killed and may have done things that are best left unattended, and this has made him a hardened and bitter man. His boyfriend, and perhaps mentor, played very reserved by Christopher Walken, lives in Mexico, making a comfortable life, offering bodyguards for the rich. It seems that the kidnapping business in Mexico is so vibrant that they paid the former members of the SEE. and so can do very well while providing a necessary service. Creasey needs work and accepts a job with a family of good, which seems to be in financial difficulty. Marc Anthony is pleased that Samuel, Radha Mitchell is sexy tantalus, while Lisa's wife and Dakota Fanning are just incredibly bright, like Pita. I do not know how a child of her age can have such a range to play the characters she does, but her interpretation of Pita is nothing lower than the Oscar worthy. The first half of the movie is dependent on the relationship between Pita and Creasy, and if there was a weaker actress in the role, perhaps the emotional synergy would not have happened so succinctly. But Fanning has nothing to do in the role. It is the relationship between Pita and Creasy who leads this movie at the top of the cinema. Together, they are perfect and there is a real bond between them. Tony Scott directs with a frantic urgency and his eye for visual flares has never been better. I'm interested in seeing his next film, Domino, prove. I think Scott is one of the directors of today who have been nominated and with several films like this one, his name will certainly be raised to the state of the icon. The story really did Creasy on Pita and vis-ka versa. There is a clear connection between the two, and it probably results from the fact that although Pita loves her father, he is not around. He is a philanthropist and obviously has little time to spend with his family. Soon, Creasy takes Pita to the swimming competition. Read his bedtime stories and name the teddy bear "Creasy". It is not just a friendship between them, it is more a relative, and a deep parental love seems to be present. <br /> <br /> The film changes speed when Pita is kidnapped and arrested for redemption, and Creasy is almost killed deadly trying to protect her. This is where the story becomes thick with a badge and ripe with deceit as the pieces of plot break out like an onion. And here Denzel becomes a tour of force. As I said earlier, I saw Denzel performing some remarkable shows in films such as Crimson Tide and Day Training, but I never saw him like that. He is a possessed man and with the possibility that Pita is dead, he becomes a literal man in the fire. She gets angry at him as he hunts and risks his mark of comedience. Denzel and Denzel's anger are omnipresent and can not easily be trampled while he hunts every person responsible for the violation of Pita. This vigilant justice, as the Mexican authorities always seem one step behind. <br /> <br /> Also, what is particularly important for the boldness of this film is the fact that there are few films that give the criminals their duty. I have often been frustrated to watch movies where the bad guys are easily left. They do all kinds of torment for the entire movie, and then they take a bullet and die. But not in this movie. The writer, Brian Helgeland, sees repentance here as unambiguous and painful. The creators here feel Creasy's wrath and live the torment he unleashes. There is nothing gimmicky about his mark of justice. He needs information and someone's losing a finger. He wants answers, and a home bomb is placed in places that are meant for other things. There are no blows here and this is one of the real strengths of the movie. The man on the fire is one of the best five movies since 2004. Now it's on DVD, my recommendation is to get SE. It's loaded with bonus features that include about 6 hours of documenting and various comment tracks. 10/10
