When I remember seeing the previews for this movie and I do not think too much about it. Almost one of those movies was when you see the preview, its astonishment, and when you go out, you hear nothing and you lose everything, and your memory does not completely correct the mistake of the lack. Man On Fire was one of those movies. I was curious to be rented once, and I decided to take him home with me, my precious lease in my block. I watched her and I saw a movie so beautiful. It's like no other ... drama and action combined to create something amazingly spectacular. Cinematography by Tony Scott is extremely well made and unique, unlike another movie. Subtitles can explain something without even listening to voices, and music is very interesting for decoration. I went into this movie and finished buying it as soon as I could get out of the house and headed for Best Buy. I've seen it several times. Denzel Washington (Creasy) is doing a tremendous job, becoming a man with special forces who lost his mind without any reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) puts life back to him with her unusual love for him from the beginning. They bind and become good friends until they are kidnapped by notorious gangsters, part of the fraternity, La Hermandad. Creasy (Denzel) tells Dakota Fanning's mother that he will hunt the killers, fearing that Pita is dead. This is where Creasy truly shows the person he can become. He uses his contacts from Pita's kidnapping and Creasy's hospitalization to find one of the men and begin his pursuit. My favorite line of all is in this film when Christopher Walken tells AFI agent that "A man is a work of art in everything he does ... cooked, any Creasy's art is death ... to painting the masterpiece, playing a very unique role of Creasy's old partner and friend, who eventually watched the brother Voice, the leader of La Hermandad, Creasy organizing a meeting to change Pita for himself and his brother Voice Eventually, Creasy dies to be shot earlier, and his wound has become infected and he has massively lost blood.It is a very sincere and sad end, but an extraordinary one, I love this movie and I recommend it to all those looking for a The story is in-depth, everything is explained from beginning to end, and nothing is done in any way or manner.
