- Mexican kids are as common as the honeymoons that give me their phone numbers, so if you're rich then you'll need a good bodyguard to keep you and the kids safe. A couple hires a bodyguard, called Creasy, to protect his adorable baby Pita. At first, their relationship is a tad bug, but after a while, Creasy relaxes her face and the two develop a father / daughter relationship. One day, Pita is kidnapped and Creasy is seriously injured in this process. When he wakes up, he discovers that the girl was killed because of the ransomed negotiations that went wrong and this makes Creasy a way to find the men responsible for her death and make sure they are brought to justice. > <br /> - Keep some Tylenol next to you while watching this movie because you'll have to take something after you've watched it. I really love the story here going to the extreme to get revenge because most movies usually just need revenge but really do not go too far where as this movie they show how far a man can go to do what he feels right. The only problem is the upsetting visual style that will hate your movie or hate Tony Scott. I'm very sorry for the cinema, because I'm sure it's coming to this film thinking it's going to be an action movie and probably was very excited, but instead of being stuck being DP for a director who feels the whole the film should be shown to have been possessed by demons. I would not mind if the embarrassing visuals were limited to some action scenarios, but when they spread throughout the movie, then we would have problems. The same annoying style has recently been used on "Domino" and, as with this film, the style has hurt an otherwise great movie. Another person I'm sorry about this movie was soon to be great Harry Gregson Williams, who had the impossible task of trying to compose music from the jagged pictures. Somehow, Williams has written decent music for the film, but I'm sure if the movie was more stable, then the music would have been much better. Sound is used erroneously throughout the movie and instead of improving the movie experience it rather makes you feel as if you were punished. Excessive use of the subwoofer is irritating every 5 seconds, so you can hear a sound that can not be reached by a lower level. I do not know why Scott thought the audience should be bombed by the subwoofer, but it really takes you away from the movie. The act in the movie is a beast despite the visual. Little Fanning is doing a good job here yet, and the scene at the end of the movie breaks my heart. If the end of the movie does not make anyone cry, then they are dead inside. Denzel Washington is ruining his rules not to make action movies with this film and fortunately for him, he becomes an extraordinary character. The whole idea of ​​a man who is lost in life and suddenly because of a tragedy finds a purpose in his life is nothing new, but Washington brings a heart and emotion to another type of character. I like to confess it from being lonely to actually learn to have emotion and when kidnapping becomes a cold revenge tool. Radha Mitchell plays Marc Anthony's wife and she, along with Fanning, are the two reasons I can not hate the movie too much. J.Lo's husband comes and enters the film but does not stand. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken have all the minimal roles in the movie, but they have an impact. - One thing that makes me laugh is how filmmakers are trying to make makeup for how they interpret Mexico by calling it is a wonderful city at the end of the movie. A little too late for that if you ask me. Let's hope Tony Scott ends this intentional attempt to ruin his career, because a talented director like him can and should do better than that.
