You know you're in something different when a movie has Christopher Walken as a professional man - and he's not even one of the bad guys! Though it might happen with some judicious cuts here and there, "Man on Fire" is a crime crime, generally effective, varying in tone, from sentimental to brutal - and almost any imaginable tone between them. Denzel Washington plays the role of Creasy, a former CIA assassin, who has recently given up business and is looking for a sort of ransom for the sins he has committed. So far, he has been looking for answers in a bottle and in the Bible, and has not done everything right with none. As the film opens, Mexico City was destroyed by a series of kidnappings aimed at the strong and well-known, possibly committed by police forces to keep law and order in the community. Creasy accepts the bodyguard position for the daughter of a wealthy business owner who is deeply afraid of her safety. The first third of the film is dedicated to growing friendship between Creasy and his accusation, Pita, a sweet little girl who, slowly but surely, cuts her way to the heart and affections initially strengthened by Creasy. The last two thirds of the film turn into a revenge angel melody, as Creasy follows systematically and eliminates all those responsible for a tragedy that appears at the beginning of the story. Based on AJ Quinnell's novel, "The Man on Fire," written by Brian Helgeland and directed by Tony Scott, is a cool action image that never goes away with the brutal brutality of his subject. He takes a risk of asking us to identify with a man who, for all his intentions and purposes, reaches his redemption by torturing and killing (often ungrateful) people. These scenes of massacre and violence are so intense and suspicious, even if they sometimes meet with the holding. Even better are the quiet and intimate moments between Creasy and Pita in the early parts of the film. Washington and the wonderful Dakota Fanning set a natural and easy-to-handle relationship that helps set the stage for chaos and turbulence to follow. Washington carries the film with the quality of stoical righteousness, making us understand its character at an emotional level, even if what it does is intellectually eluding us. In addition to the two leaders, there are solid performances from Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But Washington and the beautiful lady Fanning steal her on the show. The "Man on Fire" would have been better off for almost half an hour out of time, but this is still better than the thriller of crime.
