Although it is released in a flock of action films (KILL BILL VOL. 2, PUNISHER, WALKING TALL), MAN ON FIRE works just as much as Denzel Washington, one of the best actors around today. In MAN ON FIRE, based on AJ Quinnell's 1980 (the first film recorded in 1987 with Scott Glenn), Washington plays an ex-mercenary of his-nor-luck who leaned to drink from a moment of Jack Daniels, until his partner (Christopher Walken) a chance to redeem. He is employed as a bodyguard for a 10-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning) of a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and his wife, born in the USA (Radha Mitchell). While he and Fanning work first as oil and water (does not mix very well), he really becomes a link with her, encouraging them to do better while swimming while he is trying to get deal with the demons of the past. It is that connection that will force Washington to return to his old line of work when Fanning is kidnapped and arrested for a $ 10 million redemption and is almost killed. With almost any other action hero (Schwarzenneger, Segal, etc.), the subsequent blood bath would be the same repeated lacer that I saw a million times before. But Washington's character, though it kills for some reason, does not particularly enjoy doing what it does. However, he receives help from a Mexican journalist (Rachel Ticotin) to expose "La Hermanidad," the kidnapping gang responsible for the kidnapping of Fanning. MAN ON FIRE is somewhat mistaken due to hypermetropia, the montage that causes almost headaches and film stocks that match the direction of his director Tony Scott (TOP GUN, CRIMSON TIDE) but are not necessarily unique for him (Oliver Stone's testimony using JFK or Sam Peckinpah in his classic films of the 1960s and 1970s). However, Scott receives a very good performance from Washington as well as Fanning, which is more than just a typical child. Harry Gregson-Williams's Spanish guitar point at the south-border is amplified by Chopin's debut sounds, Debussy and even Blue Bayou's rock-rock Linda Ronstadt. Although the film is quite violent, it is not worse than most action films in the last ten years and is generally much better than most.
