Maslin Beach is a real nudist / naturist beach, south of Adelaide on the Fleurie Peninsula in South Australia. It's also the name of an Australian film that used beach as a location. Maslin Beach is called a romantic comedy. This could be misleading as it is not a "hilarious" movie, nor is it really romantic in the traditional sense, but it has heart moments. As much as life, there are moments of sadness. It is also shot entirely at the nudist beach mentioned above, and nudity runs throughout the film. The fast viewer learns to accept this as normal and to focus on plotting, not on abundant meat. Simon and Marcie (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) arrive by car to a beach car park. They take things on the beach and as they walk, a voice from Simon talks about the confusion they have about true love. The rest of the movie is an exploration of this, framed on a full day at the beach. The basic story relates to what happens to Simon's life of love, but there are many other characters highlighted in several separate veneas. When they get to the beach, both Simon and Marcie get bored with each other. Marcie sees them as a romantic couple "Romeo and Juliet". Simon is just bored of everything. Then we introduced Gail (Bonnie-Jaye Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross). They go to the beach together, discussing Gail's chances of finding the "perfect" man, helped by the "powers" of a necklace that brought his grandmother's luck. However, there are more interesting people on the beach, not all "attractive" and young (part of the realism of this film). To serve beach owners, - ice cream vendor with a pickup truck. This is Ben (Gary Waddell), who is friend with Simon and is also his unofficial adviser. I think this character is the main comic element. But it's hard to say, because there's nothing about Ben that makes you laugh aloud, if you're not intoxicated, man and very young! Maslin Beach, however, has an important feature of redemption, namely that it does not deal with much of a subject. Because the quality of the act is variable, the scenario is suspicious and everything about Maslin Beach is cheap, the lack of continuity is a positive asset. In fact, there is something about this movie (not about nudity) that I find appealing. It's hard to define what it is, but it could be something to do with its bluntness, and simply "Aussie" attitude to carnal issues. The working room in Maslin Beach deserves a mention. Sometimes it's great, with staggering static photos and the beach's "pans", cliffs and a sunset. Because nudity is a major factor in this film, framing is an important aspect of camera work. There is no sense of free grading, which means that the framing is done so that the camera does not sit on the "private" parts of the body. This helps to alleviate any sense of the discomfort of the viewer from being inside the "personal space" of the subject and making the movie more tasty. It's not an easy task, given the shooting location. Maslin Beach is not a "skin blow" for post-pubescent men, testosterone men and no Mills and Boon story for under-rated women. Maslin Beach does not seem to fit anywhere in the genre. The actors are not "attractive" in the sense of Baywatch and are "normal" people that you will see on the beach anywhere. He does not have a message to convey to him and would not even act as a tourist advertisement other than Naturists. In addition to the Australian accent, filming could have been in any sunny country. What makes this distinctly Australian movie is that it is useless (cinema is true?), And only Australian Cinema and other national cinemas of medium size could consider such an option. At the same time, these medium-sized cinemas are experimenting in the search for identity, and a "flop" will not affect their reputation too much. It is always possible, given that Maslin Beach is now a collection of items, that the film could become popular internationally, but it is very unlikely. During this criticism, I called extremely badly about Maslin Beach. This is not the real position because I found the movie very easy to follow. I enjoyed it as a reflection of the near reality and of the real people (and of the problems). The problems faced by the film are the daily and somewhat spectacular. That does not do any harm in my opinion and I want more films to handle this everyday. There is a connection with cinemas in Europe and, in particular, with the French film. They rarely face major disasters or catastrophes, but everyday. Hollywood is in direct opposition to this, and walks in the crest of hyper-real action / drama / wave. And the rhythm is much faster at Hollywood, but it's not a reality. Maslin Beach is not exactly "Jacques Tati," but it is on the right track, even though it ignores issues of multiculturalism, equality, gender orientation and so on, which are so important in today's cinemas. I'm sure you either love or hate this movie, with little space for a middle ground. <br /> <br />
