"The Muppets Take Manhattan" is different in many ways from every Muppet movie made so far. For one, it remains the only Muppet movie that is not owned by Disney. Since 2008, the movie still belongs to 20th Century Fox (CBS Fox at the time of its release), even if Disney holds the rights to Muppets. Also, this movie has a story line that is very nonlinear and events that are otherwise unpredictable. Of course, it is very hard to beat the original "Muppet Movie" in 1979, especially since the movie had more memorable songs than "Manhattan". However, a way that "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "Muppet Movie" is probably surprisingly realistic scenarios. In the first film, all Muppets usually have to go to Hollywood, go to an agent's office and get a "Rich & Famous" contract right away. In this film, Muppets finds out that he has to work for the desired success and that it's much harder to do that, especially in the field of entertainment, than he initially thought. This is an important message and often overlooked, provided he is willing to suspend the mistrust that Muppets, being small and made of fabric, does not necessarily have to live in a spacious space or even eat. Above all, their struggle to do so after graduating from the faculty creates a very good story. Another note: the celebrity shooting in the movie was cold and surprisingly did not bring out the Muppets spotlight. This skill is a testament to Henson and how appealing the Muppet characters are, even for adults. Where "Manhattan" collapses, and there I'm sure people will not agree with me, it's with some of the key songs, especially in the end. I thought the wedding song "It will make me happy" was too bleak for such a happy occasion as a wedding. It sounded more like a melody playing at a funeral. Every time I see this movie, the sound of the song makes me unusually depressed, especially when the movie starts on a number so optimistic as "Together Again" and ends happily for that problem. "Saying Goodbye" was also a sad figure, but it fit better with the movie because the Muppets were dismantling and were not sure they would see again. That last song was so disappointed, and maybe even added to the misery of young spectators to see their favorite Muppets leave the big screen. "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is generally a good film, and one that marks the beating of another drum than other Muppet movies, including the latest ones, after the death of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt. Fortunately, the movie goes in the same direction. I just wanted the movie to end with a better song that was not so melancholy. In addition, Disney should have taken its hands on the copyright of this film and would have given it a DVD version. Perhaps one day. We will see.
