This was the third Muppet movie, and the last Jim Henson was about to participate in the premiere before his premature death in 1990. The first three films with the famous character were created and released in theaters before I was born. I first saw the first and second installments of the original trilogy "The Muppet Movie" and "The Great Muppet Caper" in the mid nineties as a child, but I did not see the third, "The Muppets Take Manhattan, "until April 2007. It was shortly after I saw the two predecessors and" Muppet Treasure Island "in 1996 for the first time in several years. This third Muppet movie definitely did not disappoint me the first time I saw it, and my second view of almost three years did not impress me as much, but if not, it certainly did not go too far. > <br /> The Muppets musical scene, "Manhattan Tracks," proves to be a great success on their college campus. They graduate from the college, so they will soon leave, but they will decide that they will all stay together and go to Manhattan to try to make their show on Broadway. When they arrive, they start to look for a producer, but after many rejections, they decide to break up and find jobs. Most people leave the city, but Kermit remains and is still determined to find the right manufacturer and reunite the Muppet tape. He gets a job at a restaurant in New York, owned by a man named Pete. The frog quickly becomes friends with Pete's daughter Jenny, an aspiring fashion designer, who is currently working at his father's restaurant or waitress. While Kermit continues his attempts to get to music, now, with Jenny's help, he does not know Miss Piggy has remained secret in New York and now spies on him. She starts to see Kermit and Jenny together, and she seems to be coming to her, which leads to jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I saw this movie for the second time, it seemed disappointing at first. It seemed a little hurry, unfocused and perhaps even forgetful from the beginning. There are some funny bits in this part of the movie, such as Animal watching a woman through audience on college campus, but for a little while, the film seemed helpless compared to her two predecessors. Fortunately, not long before it changed. The movie is fun mostly, with "Saying Goodbye," the joyful song that Muppets plays as he breaks in, and many that happen afterwards. The two funniest parts can be Miss Piggy's tantra after she sees Kermit and Jenny embracing, but there are certainly many other occasions when I laughed, like poor Fozzie trying to hibernate with other bears. Muppets still has their charm and antique comic, which obviously helps to make the film for the most part, as well as the plot, a simple but interesting for all ages. There are some weaker moments, such as the Muppet baby sequence, and Juliana Donald's performance as Jenny is unclear, but none of these issues is too significant and is not enough to destroy the whole experience. <br /> <br /> I would say "The Muppet Movie," the film that started the franchise in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy and seems to be the most popular. This third movie is probably the weakest of the three, but all are good. Unlike "Muppets From Space," the third of the franchise theatrical films made after Henson's sad pass, at least "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is still Muppets! I will not go into the details of what I'm thinking about 1999's Muppets movie, released twenty years after their first film, since I've already explained in my review why it seemed so disappointing to me, and even if some appeal, obviously I'm not alone. However, every Muppets theatrical movie, which was made during Henson's life, is a good fun for the whole family, even if the second and third tranches show a slight decrease in quality after the one it preceded it directly.
