**** SPOILERS **** The "Sniper" movie is undoubtedly based on the explosive Gunny Hathcock's legendary US Navy sniper. The Rogers mystery, which said he has no speech, has over 300 confirmed and unconfirmed Vietcong and North Vietnamese military victims during the two Nam tours. is Tom Berenger is a cool and dead shell like Sgt.Thomas Beckett, who is at the end of his career as a US mariner, but later in the film he realizes that a life like a civilian will be meaningless. Because there is nothing out there for him to do with his skills he taught in US sailors, unless he decides to become a monkey hit. Backett reluctantly accepts his fate as a lifetime killer for his country. The story of Sniper focuses on Sgt.Beckett, with the help of former silver medalist and US government agent Richard Miller, Billy Zane, being sent deep into the Panama jungle. The two snipers have to take out General Miguel Alveraze, Frederick Miraglittoa, and Colombian King Raul Ochoa, Carlos Alveraze, who support him in a country's military planning. <br /> <br /> We see earlier in the movie Sgt. Beckett and pulls out a rebellious leader who feels it was the best scene in the "Sniper." Because it shows step by step how Sgt. Beckett, with the help of Captain Papich, Aden Young, does his job. There is also a sub-plot that was later aborted in the film about a rebellious sniper DeSilva, Eward Wiley, who was watching Beckett and later killed Papich while both were waiting to be lifted out of the jungle by a helicopter military. You would have thought that a cat and a dead mouse were played between the two that will culminate when the movie is over, but Sgt. Beckett had no problems sending DeSilva at the beginning of the movie, using a mule that is not worth it. What hurt the film most was ironically the last fifteen or so minutes when the story went from one shot to a movie with the sniper killer at a Rambo terminal with Sgt. Beckett and Agent Miller fight against a whole battalion of rebels with bullets flying like a fog in London. <br /> <br /> The "sniper" still deserves to look for the fact that he tells of a person who has not really been really brilliant in war films: A unique killer who kills with the precision and skill of a master diamond cutter or a completed neurosurgeon who does it in total secret.
