This film is not a kung fu movie. This is a comedy about kung fu. And if Sammo Hung did not spend some time watching movies by the great French director Jaques Tati (for example, for example, Jour de fête) before making this film, he is certainly the same wavelength. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think Tati's movies are hilarious; but they are not at all tastes. Some people told me they realized his work. I never realized why, but I think it's because the character that Dad is usually playing is a drum so completely dead, so unaffected by the events around him (which he usually provokes) he is best known - is to take a peculiar, skillful, sensual bourgeoisie of the nineteenth century and leave it in the 20th century France, where it has to face a society that is in great measure defined by the gradual erosion of these sensitivities. He usually has serious difficulties with small things, such as players or radios. It's a danger in the car, but the world is not safer when it comes to a bicycle. But through all this, he never loses his aplomb, which derives from his inner recognition that the nineteenth century was more interesting than the 20th century. Similarly, the Sammo Hung character is a country boy who comes to the big city of Hong Kong, totally convinced that what makes the city interesting is that Bruce Lee made kung fu movies there. This makes him face problems in small ways, since he takes a chance that will never be noticed in a small city, but which is considered inappropriate in a big city - such as when seems to urinate on the street. stops him, just to find that Hung is actually just squeezing the water in the shirt, soaked during an accidental bang in the bay. What's interesting about this gag is the reason why Hung does not understand what it is about police agitation - in a country town, as long as no one is watching, if you have to leave, you have to leave. In other words, Hung does not really urinate on the street - but he certainly would - and who is the trouble officer? Of course, Hung's obsession with Bruce Lee is also in great trouble. He beats a band of criminals who refused to pay the uncle of the restaurant owner. Of course, in a Bruce Lee movie, criminals would be considered traitors and would have learned their lesson. But in Hung Hong Kong, unfortunately, reality is getting worse, and bullies come back when they are not around to strain their uncle. Of course, Hung finally finally triumphs, as always Dad did. Such characters must always prevail (at least in comedy) because they are completely innocent and, despite their comical mistakes and misunderstandings, are indeed what is best in the people we admire and who want to be. We do not really want to be Bruce Lee (who must experience the loss of all his friends before he has the chance to beat the bad guy), we, innocent, really want a world where Lee's heroic is possible. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, that world exists only on the film. "Ah, but if ...?" - and in this matter we find Sammo Hung at the best comic.
