Sometimes, realism can act against the effectiveness of a movie. There's no problem here. The sets are stunning, both inside and outside. The fog is omnipresent, half disguising the production snake. If there is a bar, the name painted on the front window simply says "come and spirits." The result is a set of claustrophobic scenes. Not a single city hit or even a fake horizon. This is the kind of Dublin that this story is, just like Jack the Ripper's films about Clogged Whitechapel thickened and lowered. Who else would want? How could it be any other way, with no banal stars, a tiny budget and a four-week shooting program? The act follows a suit - strangely, everyone. Sometimes, God, it's very weird. Mrs. McPhillips grumbles after Frankie is shot outside the house. Victor McLaglin, however, offers exactly the kind of exaggerated performance. The closet fills him in a jacket too small, so he seems to burst out of it like a Frankenstein monster. Every move seems to go a little farther than it was intended. When he hits his head, he knocks in the temple. A big, gentle, blubbering baby seems constantly drunk. He betrays his best friend for the reward money that will take him and his little girl to America, not a good guy in the usual sense. However, we strayed when he began to spend the 20 pounds, more and more, during a wild, alcoholic, because every expensive and grand gesture takes him further than his dream. I could not argue, but I understand why he won an Oscar. As for Max Steiner's score, wow. Every movement, already overstretched, is not just highlighted by Mickey Mouse music but highlighted in glossy yellow. It should not have happened - the heavenly choirs, the charm of the young man, the boy from the minstrel, the gossiping melody while McLaglen was drinking glass. It would have been better with no score at all. Well, how is it on the whole? Dated - by any measure, but not a product of its time. That's why I admire. Yes, the symbol is sometimes embarrassed. McLaglen, a real mannequin, hitting his head with a hanging sign. The fog. The blind man. But what impresses me is how little of this was attempted at that time. What strikes us today as an excessive art was in 1936 something quite different from what was seen in most of the programmers who were at that time. If it does not happen sometimes, it does not matter. The film was an act of courage, political and moral, as well as poetic. (The legend of decency has condemned her for a scene in a brothel). A director's goal should overcome his wisdom or what is a scenario? Looking now, however, in 2006, the story is more disturbing than ever. John Ford obviously sympathized with the Irish rebels. They kill, but only from what they consider necessary. ("He knows too much to live, but if he goes to Tans?" I do not think of myself, but of everyone in Ireland itself.) The Irish are sentimental and sympathetic. I wonder if the Middle East Jihadists do not use a similar logic to justify their acts of violence.
