In the mid-1930s, Hollywood regained confidence after the difficulties of talking about the transition. Although all of the technical problems of the sound were solved very quickly, it took more time to solve questions about how the spoken images should be shown, how they should be structured and how they should be act. The informant is a key picture as far as the extent to which moments without words can transmit a story, stating the power pictures without ignoring the sound and dialogue needs. This does not mean that the informant is really a return to the golden days of silence. In fact, many silent images were not so purely visual in their story and were overloaded with title books. But what the informant has is the assurance of expanding moments between dialogues, focusing on reactions rather than talking and letting the fires simply for the atmosphere. Director John Ford, for all his capabilities, was a director who seems to have made efforts proportionate to how interested he was in the material. If he thought a story was bad, he just did half. Luckily, the informant, with the description of the community, the honor, the working class life and the most important Irish arrangement, was all he loved Ford, and the result is one of his best works. In it, Ford is really using too many types of shooting. First is the place? the streets of Dublin shrouded in fog and darkness, so that their farthest depths can not be seen; dingy interior where the walls and ceilings seem to press on us. The second is faces, outbursts near simple backgrounds, usually without dialogue, focusing on the inner conflicts of these people. Driving man Victor McLaglen fits perfectly with this character and this way of shooting it. McLaglen's performance does not look too much, because it's about 90% drunk. But the other 10% are excited from the heart because here and there, Gypo Nolan has what concerns alcoholics as a moment of clarity. With such shows Oscars are won. McLaglen is supported by a spot-on that supports distribution, including weak links. In particular, it's nice to have Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, usually seen only in comic roles, playing a dramatic part for one time (although Meek's appearance contains one or two jokes, the tone of the scene and many of his manners are serious). Not only are these two incredibly productive performances, their familiarity with most viewers, as well as comedy players, give more insight into their role in this tragedy. RKO, who produced the informant, was probably the most adventurous and willing to take the risks of all major studios. Thanks to this, we can see an unlearned story with a clever anti-hero at its center that could easily have been a misery, a bad misery instead of being filled with atmosphere and depth of character that keeps our eyes and attracts us into his world.
