Like many people here, I've begun to find my patience with this movie. After all, I actually shed some tears. It seems that it is in the nature of the oldest movies to shoot for the length of 7/8 and then to catch the fire at the end. Older filmmakers have learned to spend their time patiently with slow, quiet parts, knowing that the big gain is on their way. But that's not quite accurate. You see, for previous audiences, what seems to us to be "slow parts" were the main element of the story. They followed and found anecdotal and thematic interest there. Modern post-Spielberg audiences are in a constant state of expectation to be hit with a small peak every two minutes when they see older movies. It's the inflationary issue of modern movies. Well, that will not happen. There is no need to apologize for these films; it's simply that you have to adjust your expectations and personal rhythm when you follow them. At this point, the difference between Avatar and The Informer is the difference between Euripides and a trip production for rent. Think about it for a minute or two. Not to prevent obvious evidence, but Euripides still deserves a hearing. The "interesting part," for most modern viewers, starts with the scene of the IRA tribunal and escalates to the last minute that if you are all on board or even paying attention to that moment will break your heart. It is not universal universal apology for forgiveness; is a prayer from a man, and those who are sorry for the great lummox, for a little mercy. It's so personal, and that an embarrassing call empty. Because after being mad at Gypo and being irritated by him, believing that he is the worst character of all time, you finally find yourself won by the scene of Gypo's girlfriend, who advocates for another woman to tell the man to relieve him. <br /> <br /> The film may be sentimental, but sentimentality is not cheap as some have accused here. There is a matter of life and death that plays here, and as long as you take seriously the proposition of a client's life, sentimentality has been eliminated from the most serious things. 8 out of 10. And blame because it is not 10 out of 10 is mine and, to some extent, yours if you read this. We have been asking more and more, more and more, faster, faster, until we can put it in 1935 - even yesterday, indeed - as easily as possible.
