**** SPOILERS **** Powerhouse Movie that shows that men in desperate situations can go so far as to sacrifice their best friends and family members and not figure out what monsters they are by doing so. Just like the bull, such as Gypo Noland, Victor Mclaglen, it's too much too late. It is 1922 and the height of the Black & Tan Irish revolt against the British British empire with Tans, British troops occupying a place looking for Irish Republican king Frankie McPhillip, Wallace Ford, who wanted to kill a Briish soldier. Gypo, a good friend, truly the best friend of fugitive McPhillip, does not have a job with his girlfriend, Katie, Margot Grahame, forced to do tricks in the Dublin quarter to pay her rent. After a Gyro kidnapped, worked on a potential John who wants to spend a few hours with Katie for a shill or two, an angry Katie tells Gyro that she does not stop her from supporting her with the only banking asset she has, her body. Katie also tells Gypo that she should awaken to reality and figure out what desperate situation she is in. Saying that the Gypo is said to cost only ten pounds for her to go to America and get out of the poverty of Ireland, Gypo suddenly recalls a poster of his good friend Frankie McPhillip that he just saw a 20 pound reward sterling. That's enough money for both him and Kaite to travel to America. Gypo goes to a local Dublin flop house and the soup kitchen to get a free meal is scared to run into his friend Frankie McPhillip. Frankie tells her that she has gone to Dublin to see both her mother, Mrs. McPhillip and her sister Mary, Una O'Connor and Heather Angel, and if she can make sure it's safe for him to go home and later leaving for his Irish Republican outside the city. <br /> <br /> Everything Gypo can see in front of Frankie's 20 pounds reward for him to be turned into police! Without thinking of a second thought, after assuring Frankie that everything is fine, Gypo goes secretly to the police and informs his friend, who was later shot and murdered in a police army and a shootout in his mother's house. After the act was done, the police chief handed over 20 pounds, as well as thirty silver, to a Gypo almost without excitement, taking it and sneaking into the back door of the police station so he could see. You can see in front of the actions of the Chief of Police that there is nothing but a defiance to betray Gypo to his friend Frankie McPhillip. Even if he was wanted for murder and an enemy of the British Empire. This is how little traitors or informants are owned by those for whom they work in secret. Gypo proves to be his greatest enemy after betraying Frankie as his conscience takes control of his mind. Gypo sees and hears everyone, including his innocent friend Katie, pointing a finger and involving him in the betrayal and death of Frankie in the hands of the British authorities. Gypo's guilty mind makes him red and glorious, for reward money, that until he was forced to recognize his murder for his colleagues in the Irish Republican Army who drank almost dead and they killed Gypo in the trial, the money almost went to the drinking party and whoring. Any good feelings, if possible, that you had for Gypo poorly beaten and strong shoulder was completely demolished when in an act of total despair, in order not to be shot, he falsely involves a man innocent, Mulligan, Donald Meek, in his crime of informing his friend Frankie McPhillip. Which is expose quickly as a total manufacturing by others other than Gylo guilty. The paint is then thrown in the form of straw for which someone would put a bullet in Gypo's head to destroy the head of the chapter in this dreadful and unforgettable classic Crime & Punishment.
