Again, early morning TV proves an invaluable resource for movies I could never have followed. At four o'clock in the morning, I sank from bed to start recording "The Informer (1935)," the fourth film of the prolific American director, John Ford, and an excellent one. Established during the Irish Civil War in 1922, the script was adapted by Dudley Nichols from the novel by the same name by Liam O'Flaherty. Although he was born in the United States and is more famous for his "American" photographs, both of Ford's parents were Irish, which explains the director's decision to direct the film. Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan, a strange vagabond, informing an old friend, Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford), to claim his 20 pound reward for his girlfriend, Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frankie was killed during his arrest, the Irish Republican army, including both Frankie and Gypo, began investigating the traitor behind the incident, each clue that brought them closer to the real guilty. Meanwhile, Gypo is blamed for his friend's premature death and descends into a cumbersome struggle rivaling Don Birnam in "The Lost Weekend (1945)" in its excessiveness. While Gypo drowns his pains in bulky volumes of alcohol, caught in a small vicious circle of depression, his extravagant spending captures the attention of the IRA members who are investigating. For one time in his life, Gypo is surrounded by admirers (including a funny J.M. Kerrigan), who enthusiastically beats him on the back and bids him "King Gypo" for physical strength. However, it is obvious that these people do not feel any affection for the man and they are simple that shows his attention to exploit it for money. The 20 extra pounds brought by Frankie's death could never buy a group of friends from Gypo? Indeed, in a bitter twist of irony, money was made possible only by betraying and losing one of his good friends. A relatively simple man, Gypo could not fully take into account the consequences of his actions and, ultimately, he is forgiven because he "does not know what he does," but his madness must not remain unpunished. /> Criticism is sometimes directed at Ford's film for its support of the propaganda of a "terrorist" organization. Although this position clearly depends on personal views (certainly do not know enough Irish history to give a judgment), there is no doubt that the film portrays the Irish Republican army as disinterested, dedicated and impartial, a proud piece of Irish patriotism if I've ever seen it. However, the main theme of the story is betrayal; driven by intense poverty, an ordinary man betrays the trust of his good friend and profoundly regrets his actions. The tortured Gypo is played mainly for mercy, and Victor McLaglen gives a powerful show that betrays an unsatisfying life of life, culminating in a terrible decision that condemns him to an unpleasant death. "The Informer" was John Ford's first Oscar success, winning a total of four awards (from six nominations) including the best actor for McLaglen (who pulled the statue from the three favorites of "Mutiny on the Bounty (1935), Best Director and Best Screenplay for Dudley Nichols (who declined the award because of misunderstandings in the Union).
