John Ford is one of America's most influential filmmakers in the history of the film, his name usually associated with the genre of Western film. However, John Ford's best feature film is not at all a western but a dreadful drama in the Irish struggle of independence in the early 1920s: The Informer of 1935. Times are heavy for many in Ireland and burned, Gypo Nolan is caught in a network of poverty and despair - and the walls are closing. Gypo is great but it is not the brightest tree bulb, it has a warm heart but a short safety and never seems to really believe things along the way, but it's not a killer or a selfish pig. Walking down the streets that are no longer living, Gypo Nolan finds Katie Madden in her life on the streets, asking for her own desperate situation and starting to dream of taking her to the United States, had her 20 pounds to pay for it. Fortunately, his friend Frankie returns to the city for a price of 20 pounds per capita, and Gypo is quite desperate to inform the police about Frankie's location. Gypo, with the 20 pounds won, finds this foggy foggy night, especially the worst, because the blame swells all over, and the IRA invests all its resources to find Frankie's informant. Victor McLaglen portrays Gypo fallen Nolan and certainly deserved the best actor Oscar was awarded for this film. His heavy, silly and delicate towers give dimensional character, and McLaglen is only the second character of Dudley Moore, Arthur Bach, from 1981's Arthur, the most entertaining live cinema. Margot Grahame's performance as Katie Madden is also excellent, but she and McLaglen are the only members of the band that really impress. Preston Foster is especially Miscast as head of the IRA, mainly because he is not obviously Irish, and JM Kerrigan is limited to irritation throughout his role in the film, but this disappointing support distribution is the only weak point of the film . > Frequently shaded by some of Ford's most prominent Westerners like The Searchers or The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, the informant is easily one of John Ford's best movies - if not the best. Beginning with a long career in Oscar nominations and earnings for John Ford, The Informer won four Oscars, one of which was best director in 1936. The use of shadows and light by the film company is particularly interesting and vital to tell the story. Gypo's drive to the streets is related to the gloomy state of the city and the bright accusations of street lights, each shadow that always remembers his dark facts. Ford's command of this technique was amazing to track; if The Informer was made 10 years later (making the genre requirements), it would probably be considered one of the best noir films of all time, but that does not prevent it from being remembered as an excellent classical movie.
