Maybe because we analyzed the history of Irish problems in the 1920s and then the sad civil war that swallowed the free state after signing the treaty before watching this film. Anyway, the sudden return to my head brought tears to my eyes. Victor McLaglen is not as famous today as it should, and should be better remembered. In this film, I think she's playing herself as if it were without her talent and his brain inherited. For example, the scenes where his friend in the crowd challenges men to fight him is probably quite reminiscent of what McLaglen actually did in previous years when he was a world class boxer. John Ford is partly responsible for this; the IMDb tribe section shows how McLaglen was tricked into getting a very bad hangover for the process scene. This director could also bring a crowd to his actors, even without such tricks. However, McLaglen is in full control, especially when his character is almost complete (which is difficult for an actor to make credible) and plays Gypo Nolan with a profound and emotional power surprising for someone who has just seen McLaglen later in his career in "The Quiet Man." I really like the contrast between the role of IRA man and the more obviously controlled performance he gave to Denis Hogan in "Hangman's House." <br /> <br /> In "The Quiet Man," of course, McLaglen is a country squirk in contradiction with local IRA. Victor McLaglen was great and frightening, in the old style of the word, but he was also a good actor capable of a wide range and fine nuances of performance that we would not expect from such a man today. It's a rather sad comment on our own set of expectations and prejudices. Ford, as usual, dresses a lot in a little movie. All the characters are excellent (though the master's focus is distractor) - NOTE: There are spoilers ahead! - Knowing that Gypo had once drawn short straw and that he was ordered to kill a man, but to let them speak instead, we behave with the man who draws the short straw for the execution of Gypo and the humanity he shows especially when they go to take Gypo in Mary's room. <br /> <br /> John Ford really shows his genius here by taking what could have been a terrible result and still waited for the whole story and instead of using it to establish an utterly unexpected ending and yet very satisfactory which makes us think not only of Gypo and the other characters, but of a poor Irish during that tortured time.
