Victor McLaglen, the character of the informant John Ford, reminded me of the circus man at LA STRADA from Fellini. Anthony Quinn sang the brutal man who was even influenced by Oscar-winning McLaglen performance. Poverty-affected Dublin is the real atmosphere of the picture, which takes place in 1922. Dense fog and a long wet night are the main elements of a story about deep Irish patriotism and the struggle of the Irish Republican Army. The conflict of individuality and cause is what makes INFECTER tick. McLaglen's big, simple character just wants to go to America and is often reminded of price tags for the ticket. Two different signs become the centerpiece of the drunken Irish psychologist. One is the precedent, the other sign WANTED. Should he do it and get the money? John Ford once said: "My name is Ford, I make Westerns." After seeing this movie, obviously, he could do more. The serious social problems addressed here are the hearts and the ones you will find by thinking. And the look of the play is amazing, consisting of long dark shadows that cut into a miserable night in Ireland. Ford has always been known for its bright and gorgeous cinema, which has helped anticipate the conflicts in its characters. This is hard to color, but he did it in images like SEARCHERS, John Wayne painting in a sometimes vicious manner. Victor McLaglen's performance not only benefits from enlightenment but also from the simplicity of his act. He shoots very much. He beats people. He is a brute who does not know better. However, he should know whether to cross IRA or not. See the movie for detailed details. See also for McLaglen and the patriotic portrait of IRA. Max Steiner's score is innovative in how it matches the gestures of the characters, placing more emphasis on them. This was usually seen only in silent movies, especially Chaplin. The topic of name naming or "information" is obviously still important. Look at the media coverage of this year's Oscars, paying close attention to the scandal Elia Kazan.
