I do not doubt that Victor McLaglen won the Oscars for the best actor for this film, through a triple division among Mutiny on Bounty's leadership of Clark Gable, Charles Laughton and Franchot Tone who were all in the same race. But The Informer is still a great movie because John Ford would not have won his first Oscar, best director, if it had not. No division involved in his assignment. Liam O'Flaherty's film and story that he relies on implies a poor sense of a man called Gypo Nolan who once was a member of the Republican Army of Ireland. He was taken out of the game for an immaculate stunt that he fired and wants it back. He went down to his last penalty, and if he can not return, he wants enough to go to America. There is a twenty pound reward for information that led to the arrest of a former comrade named Frankie McPhillip played by Wallace Ford. In a moment of weakness, he goes to the Black and Tan console and informs McPhillip. The IRA is eager to find out who pulled McPhillip out and is pretty sure it was McLaglen. He does not have the will to really cover his own traces. He makes a little effort to involve another man named Peter Mulligan, played by Donald Meek. He also takes a hangman on which J.M. Kerrigan. The entire action of The Informer takes place in Dublin in 1922 from about six in the evening to the next. In a necessity she is shot in darkness and shadow, making it possible to be the first noir thriller. If it had been done after the Second World War, the Information Officer would have classified it as a great classic noir, such as Odd Man Out or The Third Man with whom he feels more like. John Ford has seen this world very well. He took some time during the Rebellion and was in Ireland at that time and had a brother in the IRA. His real name, before being angelic, was Sean O'Fiernan. Preston Foster plays IRA Commander Dan Gallagher. In the Gallagher book there is a harder and worse man than Foster has here. I think John Ford wanted him as a sympathetic character to give the movie fans an enthusiastic interest. It clarifies that Foster has to eliminate the informant because Black and Tans will take it and will get rid of him and put the whole organization in danger. The IRA test scene is highlighting the film. When Foster asks Donald Meek if he recognizes court authority, Meek is unable to say no. King's righteousness and laws do not go here. It graphically illustrates at this time, despite the occupation by the army troops and counseling, the British are indeed losing the population. Of course, The Informer, a pretty grim story has John Ford's touches, but rather fewer than you'd expect. Even if McLaglen spends his money in a drunken snore, the IRA is always in the shadow watching him and counting every lag. The informer is a well-spoken story about Ireland in a bleak and discreet time.
