I remember seeing this late at night on black and white televisions long before a live-action version was as small as Peter Jackson's eye ... and he was very impressed. Finally, I took my hands this week on a VHS copy that was discarded (and it's not just hair for the course ...) I had the chance to review this movie and found that it still rises quite well, although it is not even the success my memory has painted. I have to confess a certain bias here. Some commentators are reported to have confirmed Jackson's lovers, others as Jackson's killers; I am not either. I was a devoted BBC Radio adaptation by Brian Sibley, originally broadcast in 1981, and immediately recognized Gollum's voice - Peter Woodthorpe will resume this show close to the note - perfect for the radio three years later. /> But I have to say that where I found Jackson's films an increasingly indulgent disappointment, the Bakshi version, for everything that was cut to bone, is actually more accurate. Yes, there are common and easy to understand changes (here is Legolas, rather than Arwen, replacing Glorfindel as Elf sent by Rivendell to meet with the party) and there is a great telescopic measure of action. (The only exception to the latter, as the others have remarked, is the extraordinary sequence extended onboard Rivendell, where Ringwraiths, demonstrating a cooling capacity to freeze and pull Frodo back in the middle of the flight - he defies them after crossing the river - then, for an inexplicable reason, he simply follows him in a long gallop, which is initially nightmare, but useless, full of wisdom, and certainly takes too long.) It is also unsatisfactory, due, in part , bad animation, and that Gandalf produces too much wind. But after watching both of the film's approaches, I feel more than ever that the animated route is the one to be taken. In a story that is half myth (quite strange, one thing that's included is a fragment of Aragorn's story about Beren and Luthien), the highly-needed literalism of live-action filming, where everything from monsters to shirts Correspondence must be created in detail to appear on the camera, it is counterproductive: Latex monsters (or CGIs) are fewer monsters than sketch patterns, heroic outfits tend to seem to be worn on real bodies, and hobbits or dwarves with non-human body proportions are easy to animate, but hard to shoot convincingly. Many commentators have quoted Ringwraith in the woods with his paralyzed, semi-human motions, being one of the most frightening moments of the movie - certainly shattered when I first saw him alone in the dark! The extreme styling of the introduction (plus a voice-made with great skill and economy to sum up the story behind in some sentences) works well to describe a near-mythical age, and the change to the rustic book Shire's comic strip - especially at Proudfeet - actually corresponds to a similar change in Tolkien's prose tone. I felt there were some missed opportunities in which the animation potential could have been used with great effect: Gandalf threatens Bilbo with his true power in the opening scenes, Bilbo seems to become a Gollum-like creature under the influence of Ring Rivellell and Galadriel's famous speech of temptation, all were drawn more or less straight, where it would have been commonplace to distort the scene to reflect the perceptions exchanged by the hobbits. But in general, the changes in detail and the palette - the Bree fire nuances, the bright colors that appear in Rivendell, and the Fangorn cleaning, gray and dirty browns for Moria and the deserted lands - work well to reflect the mood of the various episodes, if a simple live-action approach does not allow you to fade the background or sketch in a stylized frame. Like a fan I did not care about Jackson or Bakshi's image of Lothlorien - - again, I feel that the radio sound was the best evocation I encountered in a beautiful wooded paradise of forests, dazzled in time - and I think Bakshi managed to sing the elf at this very bad moment, but I'm doing the little assembly at this point, showing the various members of the Company who relax together after their labor in Moria. Aragorn who gives a hobbit-fencing lesson here is just as charming (and equally non-canonical) a show like Boromir who engages in hobbies in Hollin in the Jackson version. Aragorn's image as a convincing Ranger in rainy weather is good along this movie (Viggo Mortensen's astonishment of Jesus did not really work for me), although it would have been interesting to see how they planned to "clean" the character from second half for Gondor's benefit. John Hurt undoubtedly offers a sterling voice performance, just like a resonant William Squire from Gandalf. Habits are, I suppose, designed to reflect contemporary youth as figures for identifying the public: I find the animated style (their proportions are more "caricatures" than those of human characters) work well to differentiate them, and the whole "hairy legs" is plotted here, they are much more plausible than in more literal representations, including a lot of fan art. Personally, I have fewer objections to Boromir than Viking - he has always been a pretty bludgeoning guy - - rather than the Aragorn man (illogical: yet both were Numenorians), although I am clearly a minority here ! The big flaw of this image is always that it was an unfinished project with a bizarre voice that it stopped in an attempt to solve the problems. Sin; it would have been interesting, let alone frustrating, let's see what Bakshi planned to do from Shelob and Minas Tirith, do not care about the dead ...
