With the release of Peter Jackson's most famous "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, it's even easier to quit Ralph Bakshi's animated Lord of the Rings in 1978 as inferior. I agree with the majority that Jackson's trilogy is the adaptation of the essential film of Tolkien's work, but that does not prevent me from enjoying Bakshi's ambitious pioneering effort. Jackson admitted having received at least some inspiration from watching Bakshi's film, and there are some clear resemblances between their adaptations. The picturesque colorful background of the film is excellent, and the score is memorable. I was, for the most part, content with the character drawings. The pairs of Pippin, Merry and Eowyn and Galadriel are more than just visual, Balrog and Treebeard were not impressive, but these points do not bother me too much. However, Nazgul is drawn and made dizzy enough. The only representation of the characters I was disturbed was that of Sam; he was made to look silly stupid. This film is novel for its animation techniques. In addition to manually drawn characters, live actors are embedded in animation by rotoscoping. It is quite obvious what the characters are drawn by hand and rotoscopy, but we still found that the style of the film was a novelty. The use of live rotoscopic actors for battle scenes was a good decision and helped these scenes to do well. The vocal actor was generally of high quality. Very good was John Hurt, who offered Aragorn's authoritative voice. Aragorn is not a favorite character of the stories, but backed by John Hurt's voice, he was my favorite character in this adaptation. My other favorite was William Squire, whose voice is strong for Gandalf. The only actor that seemed inappropriate was Michael Scholes as Sam, whose voice was irritating and added Sam's image of sin. The only other disturbing part of the voice is the misinterpretation of the character names and the place. Particularly strange was the decision to frequently have Saruman called "Aruman". In producing this film, Ralph Bakshi expected to have the ability to produce two movies. Therefore, this film contains about half of the story, from the beginning of the "Fellowship of the Ring" to the end of the Battle of Helm's Deep in The Two Towers. The obvious implication of this is that the story of the film is a highly condensed version of the story in the books. I like the original stories and more detailed adaptations, but the freedoms taken to compress the story have not bothered me, not even the choice to let Arwen out of the story. Enough of the key elements of the story were in this movie to keep me engaged for the whole duration and there was even a novelty in being able to brace half of Lord Riley's story in 132 minutes. The battle scenes were impressive and, in particular, the orc march and the battle of Helm's Deep were extraordinary. Ralph Bakshi's version of "The Lord of the Rings" is not perfect, and no doubt a number of Gentlemen from the Rings readers complain about cutting the story. However, for me the disadvantages of this film were minor compared to the excitement of seeing an effective adaptation of half a large trilogy. My only strong complaint is that I can not see the second part of Lord Rings' first big stories since Bakshi did not receive the budget to create a follow-up.
