The version (s) of Peter Jacksons are better-looking films. That being said, these are not my favorite versions of Lord Of The Rings screen, and let me explain why. <br /> <br /> First of all, acting on the screen is just plain and uninspired with Jackson's LOTR. The whole mill is too run by the mill. "Have you claimed that those Ralph Bakshi's silly cartoon characters are better actors than real people?" you might be wondering. Well, they're not really stupid (except Hobbits, later about them) and they certainly pack more personality than Jackson's party - even with a much more limited dialogue time. And that's because of a better action of Bakshi's LOTR. Take Aragorn, for example. In this version, his voice is profound and charismatic, full of authority (Aragorn, lord), and with a shit (Aragorn). This is due to John Hurt's brilliant voice. Compare it to the tall sound of Viggo Mortensen without soul and the duel quickly becomes uneven: Hurt beats Mortensen hands down. <br /> <br /> And then there is Gandalf. Probably the most dominant (and most popular) character in the whole contest. In this version Bakshi Gandalf (William Squire) is a real wizard. And by that I do not mean to shoot the bolts at the tip of his fingers (he does not), but his presence is just captivating. He is a mystic, powerful, and can easily move from a gentle old man to a frightening person. Add to this: Tall, old like old oak, long beard like his body, sharp eyes, wizard hook nozzle, and of course the classical hat of witches. A Perfect Gandalf, just like in books. Gandalf from Ian McKellen, on the other hand, is simply too boring. It looks too human, it sounds too humane, it's too human, it does not have a hat or it does not have a sword. Give a sword. In this version of Bakshi, Gandalf scores several times with the bloody sword (as he did in the books). And these are the slow killer of elegant movement. Gandalf is not a power to get involved with. And it should be noted that although I am sad to say this, great Christopher Lee did not bring Saruman alive. Fraser Kerr in this movie, even with a very limited time and screen lines. Before I move completely to the visual aspects of the film, it should be noted that the voice acting and the overall presence of the Orcus movie are also superior to Jackson's pretentious battles. Bakshi's orchestrated his enemies (or each other) constantly with mumbles, cries and nasty language. They are more credible than monsters and are more faithful to the book in my opinion. And finally, the Black Rider - or Nazgul. These bad guys are scary ghosts in this case - not just some black-haired riders. And he speaks with a tiring voice that mesmerizes his victim. My favorite scene in the movie is when Nazgul follows Frodo by the river. While Peter Jackson could do nothing but show that the riders simply banished the party, Bakshi threw himself into a nightmare dream with some cold and blurry scenes, but I also much liked this Jackson movie, the ones the latter are, even if technically, better. And that is due to key visions. As you know, Bakshi LOTR has a mixture of animated characters (all hobbies and main castles) and real actors with paint. Actually, I do not have a problem with real people in animation, but they do not fit well with traditional cartoon figures. This applies especially to people (the Rohan Riders, people in taverns, etc.). Orcs are different matter because they are meant to look very distinctive to other characters. Orcs, while being played by people with animation mix, looked much higher than the Jacksons version. They have brown-green skin, bright red eyes, flat face, and sharp teeth. <br /> <br /> The biggest screw in this visual howerver movie is Hobbits. While I prefer almost every character in the Bakshi version compared to Jackson, the latter has clearly superior Hobbits, in fact they are perfect. With Bakshi you get some Disney humanist bumps, irritating and pretty stupid. And you're forced to spend a lot of movie time with them, so be warned. Again, the acting voice is fine with them, but the actors' mouths can not save the "immersion damage" produced by these weasels. Well, I never really liked those halves. General failures in the Bakshi scenario are well known. Limited play time (limited budget) and many missing scenes. So, while this film covers almost half of the story, it does not make it in more detail than the Jackson version. <br /> <br /> In a summary, Ralph Bakshi's version of LOTR has a superior: <br /> <br /> - total atmosphere (feels more like the Middle Earth) to get the fantastic score of Kont & Rosenman) -Gandalf -Aragorn (One of the best roles of John Hurt) -King Theoden -Orcs -The black-Elrond (Not a hippie in this!) While his version Jackson is better: <br /> <br /> -If he covers the whole story - visuals and special effects - Gollum / Smeagol - Balrog - Hobbits Lord of the Rings by Ralph Bakshi, even with known shortcomings, is one of the the best animated films ever created and captures the atmosphere of Tolkien's fantastic world, if not perfect. I give it a score of 8½ out of 10.
