I like this movie and it bothers me that so many "reviewers" classify him under Peter Jackson's trilogy. A filmed novel is always interpreted; especially an animated film is based on the artist's vision and should be judged in its own terms. Speaking like a purist, this is a better homage to Tolkien than the updated version. While this film has its flaws, it remains stronger at source, especially in terms of characters. In the Jackson version, Frodo from Tolkien is barely recognizable: from the first scenes he is portrayed as a weak, constantly wandering, manipulated by the forces around him and never standing on his own two feet (this is true from the point physically and metaphorically.) You wonder why fate has chosen this crisp biscuit to wear a single ring at the Doom Crash. Jackson resigns without delay to Tolkien and wipes Frodo for the best moment he allows Arwen to save him from Ringwraiths ... Bakshi's version respects the original, presenting a Frodo that calls for the warriors "Turn around and not me more trouble! " Bakshi supports Frodo's character, as Tolkien conceived it. We will see its decline as the weight of its pregnancy increases. Frodo is so important to Lord of the Rings that you are wondering why Jackson has taken such liberties (he does so with many characters) because character development is propelling the plot to its inevitable conclusion. Bakshi's film explores better the company between Legolas and Gimli in some judicious scenes that are completely missing in the Jackson version. Similarly, we see Boromir walking with Pippin and Merry, promoting the idea of ​​fellowship. Because I like camaraderie is more developed in animated version than live action. Tolkien's poetry is an important ingredient in the novels, and Bakshi commends this in one of my favorite scenes: when Frodo sings the song "Merry Old Inn," a few minutes before hitting Strider. The cheerful melody is alongside darker thematic music, when a few seconds later, invisible to its friends but visible to wraiths, Frodo is dangerously exposed. This is one of the most appealing parts of the movie and it cools me whenever I see it. Well-documented budget / time restrictions limit the final impact of the film, but if it was completed, it could have made more viewers more resonant. As it is, it's worth a look. Even critics admit that Peter Jackson inspired much of his inspiration from this prototype.
