Godard once said that one way to criticize a movie is to make one, and perhaps the strongest way that could be done about taking Ralph Bakshi on Tolkien's magnum opposite Lord of the Rings, was actually done by Peter Jackson. The recent trilogy for me is not even total masterpiece, but they are given enough space for each book to breathe in all the post-modern techniques traversed by the classic story to make them very good and funny. <br /> <br /> But as one who did not read the books, I have now come to look at the two variants, live actions (though partly animated in their great visual effects) and animated (though partly made with reality action live as a frame) in relation to the basic story, not even with complete faith towards books. And with the version of Bakshi, it's almost not fair in a way, because what we see is not really the full vision, and not what really had Jackson (perhaps the last cut). Worried about the return of the King's story, and with the other two parties becoming hurried, I came to like more for what he did within his limits, though the same limitations make him disappointing. <br /> <br /> What is interesting, after I first saw Jackson movies - which I also regretted a little that we could react differently when I was younger and five years ago in the bottom line is that the basics of the story do not get tangled. Everything that's really necessary to tell the story of Fellowship of the Ring is in fact quite intact, and if anything that was perhaps more gigantic and epic in Tolkien's book is given some clarity in this section. The actors playing the parts of the Hobbits and other heroes are more or less suited to the parties, with a few parts standing (John Hurt as Aragorn and William Squire as Gandalf). <br /> <br /> The lack of additional characterization does not make things look like a small value for those who have not even seen other movies or read the books and can not put them in context. But there is a certain level of interest always with the characters, and there is an older sensitivity in the midst of the big aura of being more. This is not a variety of garden Disney Adaptation - Wow and all, this is a Bakshi movie with underground animation roots that collide with the mythical world of the Middle Earth. And what Bakshi and his animation team brings the film is one that ends giving what's on the screen, in all its abbreviated form, the blow or the appeal. Together with not being completely complete as a movie, or as stories, the film form is an experiment, to see if anything can be entirely rotoscoped. The results come to bring what now seems to be retro, but at the moment it was something that was a crazy inspiration from the filmmakers. Could it be better with a more traditional animation? In some parts, yes; it becomes less visible, as was the case in the American pop Bakshi, that the main characters are moving in a way that is a little odd, like a kind of comic book made in a different way. However, there are many things I have admired in what has been done. Orcs, for example, have discovered that they are truly amazing in surreal surroundings. These are probably the best part of the animation combination on the top of the live action, especially during parts where there are no pictures of battle (this is really the real blow or missing section because there is no continuity of to good and bad rotoscoping), and verosim comes with large shapes above the path. It's creepy in a good way. And the background, while also very rough and sometimes too sketched, are beautiful with blends and bursts of colors together. It's almost something for film art lovers, just as much as for wool. So, how would I recommend this animation to Lord of the Rings? I do not know, to tell the truth. It's definitely a good note over the third Tolkien animated movie I've seen, the Hobbit (and I've seen the animated ROTK), and there's a real artistic one. There is also a stark dialogue, a segment of two towers, which was hurrying with the most interesting character, Gollum being reduced to at least two scenes. And seeing something as fragmented as this one, it only ends up reinforcing the completeness of the more recent films. <br /> <br /> If you are a fan of books that intend to verify this, I would say that it is worth a chance, even if it is one of those chances that you are following forty minutes and then decide whether to stop it or not. As far as the framing of Bakshi's other films, I saw an impressive and ambitious achievement, where, as with Lynch's Dune, he is forced to draw a dark, mordor-like line in the sand, among those who hate him passionately and those who do not. I do not know.
