Like a 1978 animated film, this is pretty good - generally well above the standard level of the days when Disney had not done anything good for years (and Tolkien took little care of Disney anyway). It becomes the main points for the innovative and careful work of the camera, applying relatively successful cinematic techniques. Much malignity rotoscoping works pretty well, especially with Ringwraiths and the opening narrative. However, it is so drastically overused - possibly a money-saving technique - that it diminishes the global effect. The same technique that makes wraiths scary outside the world does not behave so well in Prancing Prancing. Regarding the adaptation of the story, it's actually pretty good. We lose small bits here and there, minor details such as Old Forest and Tom Bombadil, Gaffer and Sackville-Bagginses. We compress some characters, such as revising Legolas as one of Elrond's households and Aragorn's old friend, but this is a pretty wise decision for the movie. In the books you have space to include references to the larger world of the vast history of the Elves and the Middle Earth. In the movie, trade for images and sound that transmit the same elements in a different way. Nothing critical is really lost here, and although I have some minor questions about some changes, I'm generally quite happy with it. If only the loved writers managed to remember Saruman's name - he frequently called Aruman, a decision probably made it more distinct from Sauron; took a second view before I was sure I did not listen. It is also annoying that Boromir is a bloody and irritable Viking from the start. However, Gandalf is excellent and most of the voice is excellent. If only John Hurt was not too old to play Aragorn; I like his voice. Of course, with the film ending halfway through the story, there is a great disappointment. What makes it far, worse is the miserable work made by Rankin and the bass team for the sequel. They were allowed to make the king's return after slaughter Hobbit remains a huge mystery; they seem more interested in bad songs than in an appropriate story. For all his mistakes, the heart of this film is solid and is trying very hard to achieve an almost impossible task. I can only hope that the next film will respect his vision ...
