More than twenty years before Peter Jackson's visionary adaptation, "Lord of the Rings," this animated effort by director Ralph Bakshi took place in 1978. An ambitious and fairly faithful version of the story, unfortunately it was rather overwhelmed by Jackson's trilogy. Indeed, many commentators here on IMDb (especially those who first saw the newer version) seem to be frightening about this version .... but if a common sense is common and the moment in which was made and the technical possibilities existing at that time, then they will realize that this is a pretty good movie. Indeed, shortly after seeing this animated film in the early 1980s, I searched for Tolkien's book and immediately became a fan of the life of these rich-earth adventures. That's why, in some respects, I owe this film a degree of recognition as the film that has formed my literary tastes forever. Sauron, the dark Lord of the Middle Earth, is forging an almighty ring that gives him incredible power. After a great fight during which Sauron is defeated, the ring comes into possession of a king called Isildur. but instead of destroying it, he chooses to keep it unattended. For centuries, the ring has passed from hand to hand, eventually reaching a hobbit called Frodo Baggins, who lives in a loving peace community, known as The Shire. Frodo learns from a wizard named Gandalf that his ring is actually the One Ring, the same thing that Sauron has forged it centuries ago, and that his master is looking for him again to regain his dark power over the whole field. Frodo embarked on a dangerous journey to protect the ring with three other hobbit comrades, but every step of the way they are hunted by Sauron's ring-wraith, the Black Rider. Are there many adventures, during which a company of nine adventurers is formed to guide the ring to the only place where it can be "dismembered"? Mount Doom, in the land of Mordor. The film ends with Frodo and with Sam's best friend, at the borders of Mordor, closing closer to their terrible destination. Meanwhile, Gandalf and the other members of the company are struggling with a huge army of orcs at the legendary Helm's Deep Citadel. This version covers only half of the original book. A second installment was planned to bring the story to an end, but unfortunately it has never been completed. While the end feels abrupt, it ends at least at a sensitive point in the story. We have to feel a little frustration and regret that there is no continuation in pursuing these animated heroes until their possible purpose. The animation is acceptable, with a variety of locations and characters presented in interesting details. Leonard Rosenman's music mixes appropriately and fits appropriately with the epic narrative. Voice-overs are also decent, especially John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes - who offers Sam's voice - is a bit camouflaged and stupid, which is not right for the character. Lord of the Rings is a commendable attempt to visualize the stunning book on which he relies.
