This film, in my opinion, is despite its flaws (which I support are few), a complete masterpiece and a gorgeous and glorious piece of art. What Mr. Bakshi did here is to create an extremely beautiful film and he showed his tremendous talent and versatility as animated film director. He does not receive 1/100 of the credit he deserves for the literal salvation of animation art for an adult audience. If it was not for Mr. Bakshi, I do not think the animation survived the Disney attack. Moreover, with Lord of the Rings, he not only created a beautiful animation film but created a completely new form of art - unfortunately, one that never managed to make it out of the ground. <br /> <br /> Most people will complain about the use of the rotoscope in the movie (the use of live action images that are used as background images and often animated using different techniques from what appears to be small amounts of animation shade full of breath). But I feel that people who complain about it simply can not accept a form of art that is out of the norm. No, it's not Disney animation. There is no live action. No, not "wrong" - what it is, is a new, fascinating and absolutely wonderful form of art. Something so fresh and so new that he feels completely home in such a fantastic story as "The Lord of the Rings". Bakshi's pioneering use of this technique brings to life the features of Middle Earth's life is a very dark and mysterious way, especially the darkest of Tolkien's creatures, especially Nazgul, is made in a way that traditional animation or live action they were unable to achieve. Peter S. Beagle's script (based very little, as I understand it, in a primal project by Chris Conkling) is a very loyal adaptation of Tolkien's works. Where possible, he uses the direct dialogue in the novel and feels like home in the world that Bakshi created. There are many cuts that have been made to fit the first book and 3/4 in a single movie of 2 hours and 15 minutes, but there are very few changes in the story. There are some holes that you would have liked to fill: Narsil's reformation, Galadriel's gifts, the Huornians at the Hornburg battle, but again, with the limitations of time he had (the longest feature lived in history ), they are certainly understandable (though they wonder how they could have explained in a sequel). Also, there is a delightful score (one of my favorites) by Leonard Rosenman (who also marked Barry Lyndon and Star Trek IV (the score for which clearly relies on LotR's work)). It is bombastic and daring and, I dare say, perfectly. It stands in its own as an orchestral triumph, but when coupled with the images of the film, it enters into a whole new world of symphonic perfection. Far from the typical Hollywood rate, which turns many people out. The actors of the voice are wonderful. A special note is John Hurt as Aragorn, which destroys the essence of the Strider. Character design is also wonderful unique, though not often for everyone's taste. But remember that it is up to the director of an adaptation to show you what he imagines, not what you could have imagined, so Aragorn is made with a distinctive character of the American Native, and Boromir appears in Viking-inspired clothing. It's probably not what you imagined, but I can only applaud Mr. Bakshi for showing us what he "saw". It may also be noted that she spent a significant amount of time with Priscilla Tolkien in developing character characters for the movie. A farther word - Flight to the Ford is, in my opinion, one of the most beautiful sequences of subtlety that will ever be caught on celluloid. Bakshi is not afraid to slow down for a moment, and his dominion is clearly demonstrated by the incredible tension he can build. Bakshi's artistic abilities and Tolkien's incredible work sneak into this sequence to a glorious peak that has not yet been matched. The recent Warner Brothers DVD release (2001) is extremely lacking. While we can offer our eternal appreciation that the movie is finally available in widescreen format, the package is poorly drawn. How glorious it was that he had a commentary from the director, he was able to see the 20 minutes of additional images that were eliminated for the theatrical release. Another delightful addition could have been the assembling of the live action movie, which was later animated. Also present in the release of the DVD is the absolutely horrible voice at the end of the film, which is a deviation from the simple voice that took place in the finest frames of the film. This version is plastered and played poorly over the musical score of the score. Of course, the greatest tragedy of all is that the continuation has never been done. We will never be able to see Bakshi's interpretation of Gondor, Shelob, Faramir, Doom Crash, Eowyn's battle with the witch king or Gandalf's confrontation with him. We will never be delighted with Bakshi's image of Denethor or the Palatir or the Ways of the Dead. It is a shame beyond all shame that, ultimately, we must accept Peter Jackson's glitz and the glory of Hollywood, a cinematic version of these events later in Tolkien's masterpiece, but I think it's even better than not You have cinematic variations at all. <br /> <br /> David
