There is no doubt that HG Wells is the most influential writer of the twentieth century. Jules Verne has some claims to be the father of scientific fiction, but his stories were several adventure stories using wonderful inventions as plotting devices. Wells was deep and brought his stories to light. Perhaps his greatest legacy is that there is very little evidence that people believed alive on other planets before the twentieth century, where many people now, including Richard Dawkins, find it almost safe. There is no evidence of this, of course, and we can not ask that it was Wells who introduced this to human thinking? Undoubtedly Wells planted the seed. Things to come were adapted by Wells himself from his own novel. It is quite obvious, however, that he is not able to tell the difference between the techniques of writing novels and writing scripts. Dialogue is often loaded, hard and unconvincing. One case in this respect is the two pilots in the opposite sides who discuss the nature of the war "Why should we kill each other? Why?" This reflects the criticism, almost the naked contempt that Orwell had of Wells in his Wells, Hitler and World States, and it is true that Wells' anti-war message is overwhelmed with pain. It would be impossible to believe that a conversation between a RAF pilot and his opposite number in Luftwaffe a few years later said it was absolutely fascinating to watch a 1935 film that predicted a world war that took place in 1940, inaugurates the end of civilization. There is a striking and haunting picture as a child beats a drum as a phantom army marches in the background and the collapse of society and the fear of Wanderng Disease is done awesome. Even the rather lazy story of showing the year of setting has a convincing nature The pictures that make this film along with Arthur Bliss's score make the movie so memorable. And to be fair, Wells asks, "The universe or nothing, what will it be?". In short, this is a film whose flaws are easy to forgive
