Things to come is a historical film. Together with Metropolis (1927), this is one of the first great science fiction shows. It is also one of the first films of the day. It is remarkable how directors predict the beginning of the Second World War within a year, and even in a subtle way, the year when it will end in the real world. But then the film moves away from reality, representing a devastating world of war (replacing only the poisonous gas for nuclear weapons which, of course, did not exist in 1936). The last half hour of the movie is incredible view, the innovative use of models and matte paintings - later to become staples of the science fiction genre. It is sad that Sci-Fi would become identified with cheap movies, a stereotype that would not have been broken until 2001: A Space Odyssey more than 30 years later. If they were stuck in the quality of the effects in this film, things would have been very different at Hollywood. Raymond Massey and some of his co-stars play multiple roles in this movie for a good effect. Massey plays a very important role in Doctor Who, as a pilot of advanced civilization (for 1970), who is trying to win over a population of a devastated country led by a simple warrior (a very effective performance by Ralph Richardson). Eventually, the story covers 100 years. But this is a big problem with this movie - there really is no cohesive story. Perhaps in such an episodic film - somewhat reminiscent of Intolerance, in fact - it's hard to have a conventional plot, but I felt that more material could have been made, and even though the images in the last third of the image are in a " really amazing and worth the admission price ... the plot does not exist and the movie itself ends suddenly exactly as it is interesting. Perhaps the producers were thinking about another future sci-fi innovation: a sequel? Things to come is a movie that every serious pony boy should see at least once. Unlike Metropolis, however, it may not have repeated views.
