this was the most costly movie when it was produced. Sir Alexander Korda and H.G. Wells were both upset by his weak ratings - for good reason. was and remains long before his time. In addition to the seemingly weak direction, perhaps editing, from the beginning, the work is headed for an astonishing conclusion. If his role as "Boss" by Sir Ralph Richardson, or even better, his wife, Cedric, as an opponent for space-faring, Raymond Massey's "John Cabal" role center --- all deliver wonderful-boggling performance. The scene with Mr. The incomparable set of Korda, the little girl, who went into an absolutely "no match" scene, commenting, "Life is becoming more loving and beautiful"? which brings tears to any parent / grandfather. this movie is not a movie for young people - rather than "experienced" and rather those who have seen the "horror" they oppose. sure, "fake-parachuting," shows hokey --- while using a "magnetic-tuning", now called the "headmaster," can be regarded as ridiculous as compared to missiles - give Sir Korda a break - Wells made this choice. and at +/- 8 million dollars, this movie has far outstripped the "too big budget," so it focused on what it could do. The true power of the greatest cinema is based on "John" Cabal, "the final statement of human destiny-the friend of Proverb doubts the wisdom of spatial starvation, saying," We are so small animals. " Cabal is (paraphrase): "Yes, small animals and if we are alone we have to live and die as such." They are under a large astronomical telescope, he moves his hand over the night sky. , or nothing. "- Then the final choir breaks in ..." What's that? "- it's not about" Star Wars, "" Blade Runner, "all you could think of" wonderful "- that's the real thing. I remember the latest address of Steven Hawking at his last Medal of Honor --- "Mankind must leave Earth or die. "- even the core of this work - I like the" standard fun "--- yet this" relic "for the wise viewer offers much more." What to be? "be in good mood" --- whatever it takes --- it will take your breath away --- you guaranty --- as a whole, for humanity's most important cinema. <br /> <br /> from the post, I notice that many have commented on the weak examples the "media-quality" of the "survivor" example. In the 1980s I developed a proprietary "coloring" process that required a pure "original", leading me to Michael Korda who, sadly, have disappeared - so we have to rejoice what remains - "sad but true"?
