SINOPIS The Future, as seen in England in 1939. As the war broke out across Europe, the salvation of mankind would not be found in the politics of the past. It depends on the new world of courageous science to overcome the mistakes of man's past. THE CONCEPT CONCERNING THE VISITOR Beware of your leaders and what you are told. Thinking outside the box can lead to a brighter future. We will always have descent and fear and learning to overcome it is our only hope. PROS AND CONS I've seen this movie a long time ago and I downloaded it recently from the internet (it's in the public domain). This is a fascinating work on many levels. Since it is a story about the future, as seen in 1939, it has obvious flaws. This vision of the future is both terrible and capricious. This movie was the cutting edge for his day. The special effects are very good, just like the story. The actor suffers a bit in the theatrical sense of the British, by being able to lean a bit to Shakespeare. One of the underlying themes of the film is that science and technology can solve all the problems we have now know that it is not always true. Other films of the film are that charismatic leaders are a curse of human existence and will probably always be with us. In this film you can see the foundations of almost all science fiction films. The design and wardrobe of the "Forbidden Planet" scenario, the technology deficiencies in "2001: A Space Odyssey", even the typical landscapes / cities of "Star Wars" owe some inspiration to this film. /> The end of the movie leaves the viewer a little embarrassed. While he is optimistic in his sequence of getting to the stars, we are left to wonder if humanity will ever succeed in doing it. Even when we get there, there are those who try to keep us back. This vision of the films of the future, while the interesting is also a bit humorous according to today's standards. Some flying machines and weapons that could shoot people in space never materialized in the real world, but in 1939 they were considered the next logical step. Many British actors are in this film as young people. Cedric Hardwicke and Ralph Richardson are the most recognized and their speaking skills are obvious here. Raymond Massey is a curious choice to play the main character, Cabel. His character almost meets as the new Christ sent to save the world from its destruction with the new religion of science. This is a good piece of cinematic history whose themes are still relevant today, even if the vision of the future has missed the mark.
