This is probably the best of all Star Wars movies. <br /> <br /> The starting point of the film was almost as if in Episode IV - the spacious cabaret music and the thoughts of a cabaret, where the gravity of the mob Jabba Hutt had become even worse. He ordered Luke to die in a basement pit by Bantha bone-crushed teeth, which seemed almost like a cross between a bear and a shark. Luke's Jedi powers eventually end the monster. Adding to the masked rescue of Han Solo, who was frozen alive at the end of Episode V, Jabba was very angry that Luke was sentenced to die at the Sarlacc pit outside. Star Wars "good boys", especially R2-D2, had other ideas ... and the other ideas overturned Luke's execution; Eventually, most Jabba soldiers died, and Princess Leia managed to use the force to suck the dead Jabba to death. As in Episode IV, Death Star appears in Episode VI. When we analyzed the fleet of rebels attacking the Imperial fighters around the star of death, Star Destroyer staff, I believe, accelerated the reinforcement of the main laser using the Imperial fighters as a diversion. The 20-25 star destroyers who were aligned were ready to attack, but they were withdrawn, and instead, the laser from Death Star was pulled in surprise. Once he was fired, the only hope of the rebel fleet was that the Death Star deflector would be destroyed, and this affected Lando so much because he wanted to destroy the Death Star, but he could only remove the shield . And it was taken with Lando's eager impatience. As in Episode V, Imperial Walkers appear threatening with their double cannons, killing at least one of Ewoki ... but the Ewoki found old but unusual to deal with them. For example, Chewbacca, as well as another Ewok, managed to command one of the masters (and actually used it to destroy one of the pedestrians) and the other Ewoki used logs to beat two other pedestrians. > <br /> It's amazing what Luke might do with his Jedi powers on the Sabbath of Light, such as the Endor scenario where Luke deflects laser photos from a Storm Trooper motorcycle and using Saber to beat part of the bike. Or, at a climax, using Sabra to break his father's arm during Saber's final fight with Sith Vader. You probably know the Ewoks feast after Death Star was blown, completed with a short (for example Storm Trooper Masks), and Luke finally meets Leia after Luke's nemesis --- Darth Vader, now dead, is burned on a foot. The celebration includes singing Ewoks, but I think Lucas did not buy that - even with the strong respect of composer John Williams. In my home movie, I think Lucas himself wanted another end. In addition to Endor's celebration, he wanted pictures of celebratory scenes on several rebellious planets that survived, including a laser holiday blow that destroys the Sith's statue. The Ewoks song was replaced by an alternative instrumental piece. Perhaps he wanted the extras to show that, with the destruction of the Death Star, the balance was restored in rebel galaxies.
