If scientists were behaving in a way that H.G. Wells was confident that it would be in the future, history would not have been proven as it did in the Things to Come. Nearly 80 years have passed since Wells wrote "The Shape of Things To Come" on which this film is based and is no closer to the world it describes than before, in a way farther. such as Raymond Massey, Ralph Richardson and Cedric Hardwicke, are more caricatures than real characters. It's the main weakness of the film, it's devoted to Wells' philosophy of science, which will solve all the problems, and the rest of us are crazy back. Massey's characters, two generations of the same family, support the highly optimistic idea. Cedric Hardwicke is a skeptic who feels that man is rushing too far. And Ralph Richardson is a warrior who broke out of the destruction of another thirty-year-old war fought with modern weapons. As the atomic bomb was not invented, poison gas was considered to be a weapon that almost destroys mankind. According to Wells, science and conquest can never interfere. Scientists, like a group, are far above the political world to engage in such things. During Wells' life, scientists left the fascist right-wing governments of Hitler and Mussolini. The same people, however, to defeat them, subordinated their allies, and modeled the atomic weapons that inaugurated in the modern age. If he behaved as he would have liked Wells, someone like Albert Einstein would have led a junta of scientists who would have established a new order after the Second World War. <br /> <br /> Wells has been wrong both in time and in development. Apparently he never imagined the computer or the atomic power. Programmers are more likely to be our leaders in a new courageous world than scientists at this time. However, the things that come, helped by the direction of William Cameron Menzies and the created sets, offer an interesting wonder in H.G.'s mind. Wells, certainly a respected thinker of his time, though he did not exactly make the form "Income Things".
