The first two parts attempt to reduce the absurdity of widespread wars and the rule of nationalist barbarians. Part 3 speculates that progress and exploration to the Moon and beyond is key to ensuring significant use of talents and human resources. It has speeches that some viewers reject as naive or bombastic, but which make others to beat with excitement. It describes a space / launcher and helicopter, along with inventive mass communication devices, elevators, flat panel displays and wireless intercoms. It is probably wrong with buildings without windows in the future. But I am describing a child-like vision of an infinite scientific / technological inquiry. For me, it seems to be a film about a group of rational thinkers guided by a Spinoze-like morality in their quest to immortalize themselves and live ethically through scientific progress and a unified world government. Pro-progress characters (like the two Kabbalahs) believe that mankind could "live forever" by keeping our experiments and progress for future generations, always standing on our humanity, like the giants' shoulders. Arthur C. Clarke (author of 2001: A Space Odyssey) suggested this film to Stanley Kubrick as an example of an excellent SF movie. Kubrick hates him and says he will never follow another movie based on Clarke's suggestions (source: Clarke's introduction of the millennium in his 2001 novel). Although late Clarke continued to suggest this at the top of his list whenever someone asked him about the best SF movies. It has a beautiful Menzies art design, but mediocre special effects (especially toy tanks). I loved it personally and I think it catches the zeitgeist of modernity. He is a bit naive about the plausibility of creating a society without crime for a long time. It also seems unlikely about the inevitability of progress. It seems to me that we could go as easily back into the dark times or at least become so stagnant in science that we were killed by overpopulation or our inability to escape the next major natural disaster. But it is a good thing to take risks against public exaggeration and bona fide for the potential threats of space accidents and deaths. It provokes us to choose the part of progress in the face of minor desires for safety or comfort or happiness: CABAL: "Too much [rest] and too soon, and we call it dead, and endless, it must go on - conquering beyond conquest - this little planet and the winds and its paths and all the laws of the mind and the matter that hinders it, then the planets about it and ultimately the immensity of the stars And when it has conquered all the depths of space and all the mysteries of time - yet it will begin " . <br /> <br /> CABAL: "If we are no more than animals - we must pull our pieces of happiness and live, suffer and pass, it does not matter - than all other animals - or we did." (He points out the stars.) "Is this - or that? All the universe - or nothing ..." (quoted in the script). If this sounds like a rationale for consecrating the whole society to progress, then the members of the council (of the world government) will appear to be technocrats. But, in fact, these "technocrats" allow citizens to become artisans or follow other passions freely and should be suppressed by government bans, laws against science and experiment, and other restrictive powers and powers that would turn criticism theirs in tyrants. In fact, a huge group of rebels in the plot feel embarrassed by all the scientific and technological developments of the council, so they try to end progress and end the Council's freedom to experience. However, the progress-oriented council will not suppress the freedom of expression of the rebels but will prepare the "gas of peace" in times of emergency and will simply want freedom and space to continue its progress. a story about the freedom to do science, just as much as the wonders of progress. Many people in our society would actually agree with some of these basic precepts, except in cases of social bias (many want to ban cloning, for example) or naturalism (some do not want to progress freely and rather , disappeared in time while it is enslaved by the earth) or fear / reason (some think we are not ready for advanced science / technology because we could destroy ourselves). But Cabal (the chairman of the council) has an answer to the dangerous problem: "Our scientific revolution did not abolish death and danger, but just made death and danger worth it in time" (scenario).
