H.G. Wells, in 1936, passed his first and his books that will survive have been a long time. He had come to the end of his life and faced his sour dream. At the beginning of the twentieth century, he defended the idea that the world was doomed because the evolution of species, natural biology, and Marxism, the market economy, on the other hand, necessarily led to the victory of the weakest strong due to the simple criterion of the number. The weakest were man's table, and the strongest was the elite of the minority. He then defended a strict eugenic policy by eliminating all who had somehow weakened the human race in one way or another. First of all non-Caucasians, with the sole exception of Jews who would disappear due to mixed marriages. Then in the Caucasian community, all those who were not healthy, alcoholics, people with mental disabilities, all with genetic disabilities, etc. This was not Hitler. That was H.G. Wells and not after the First World War. That was more than ten years ago. Twenty years before World War I, he published The Machine Time, who defended the idea that the human "race", left to its own means and due to the older cosmological evolution of life on earth, will see the differentiation "race" in two "species": the working class would become a laborious underground species, and the bourgeoisie would become an inactive surface species. The idea was in the novel that sophisticated surface and weak species were the prey to other species that were predators. Wells was convinced that humanity was in danger and that politicians had to stop this evolution by imposing a strict eugenic policy. The first countries that followed this order were the Scandinavian countries, which subsequently only gave up some of them. The film proposes here a vision of 2036 with an absolutely dictatorial world government in the fact that there are no elections, no parliament, no truly democratic institution, only peace imposed by the military conquest, and the government is dominated by one man or one more a man and a few his counselors. And in this future world, absolutely all human beings are Caucasians. Wells has managed to imagine that humanity is completely white until 2036. Amazing. Wells was considering some kind of rebellion, but he would have lived a little and would not do anything. The last sentences are the vision of this white civilization that conquers the whole universe when contemplating the sky and its stars and planets. Frightening. And this was produced in 1936. All the more frightening, since there is not even the slightest mention of Hitlerism, fascism, Japanese imperialism or Stalinism. But it is essential to have the film in a well-restored edition because it is crucial to have a complete view of H.G. Wells. We are, obviously, very far from the courageous New World of a "democratic" absolute social selection or of the Animal Farm of the dictatorship of the porter's proletariat or of the abstract media dictatorship of Big Brother in 1984. This vision is at least as frightening as the other three. And I just want to compare Wells with the British fiction writers of his day. It would be unfair to go beyond. This reveals that in England, in the first three decades of the twentieth century, there was a tremendous fear among intellectuals: the fear that the future would be just gloomy, gloomy, and in the form of a stalemate. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University, Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne University & Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines University
