"Things to Come" Film Review of kWRice <br /> <br /> Here's another wonder filled science fiction movie from another moment and place. It's a movie I just saw in truncated parts, but art should be taken as a whole. I experienced this film as it was designed, in a dark theater, on a silver screen, with shooting coils and a audience to share it with. The audience and I have been influenced by this movie! A woman who lived during the Second World War was suffocated by the ravages mentioned by the war and was completed by the positive end, though horn. The things that caught my attention from the beginning were the initial credits. The first thing we see is "H.G. Wells" in bold, angular, similar to the "Superman" of the years. It's not the title of the film, but the creator's title and then, before other people, such as actors or production, are listed, director William Cameron Menzies is there! Who? You've probably seen his work "Around the World in 80 Days," "Yankees Pride" and "Gone With The Wind". He did not follow this epic Sci-Fi opera that Mr. Wells created, but his film, set and design images are very well-known. Images are very effective. I have recognized images from many other movies that have paid tribute to this classic. The recent "galaxy hitchhiking guide" is obvious, alongside Bugs Bunny, "Fantasia", "Monty Python and the Holy Grail", "Sky Captain & the World of Tomorrow", "Night of the Living Dead" I'm missing out. These are real special effects here, scenes made now with CGI are made with actors, big sets and detailed models. This movie was made in 1936 and it is obvious that it meant something for the other cars. Wells and Menzies also worked with Bliss, making music with producer Korda, to create a masterpiece with message, warning, and sermon. The Shakespearean actors' lines Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Massey speak, sometimes sounding preaching, but I have heard the lines I still hear. "Today's children of these toys are nothing like the one we had when we were children," "It will help to develop their coordination," "Why do we need books, why should we read?" , "We do not need cars, there is nowhere to go, we have everything we need here," "There will be no war". But war exists! The naive Citizens of "Everytown" refuse to see the literal writing on the wall. The unfinished war explodes on the eve of Christmas. The boy who wants to be a good soldier like his father is an image that will probably always stay with me. This is the world of 1936 who wore the glasses in order to appeal to Hitler. This war does not end. The poison gas of air wars enters into the second act. It's another dark epoch. No government, nor services, and people worn along and applaud the war that no one remembers anything. Plagues, warriors and aggressions to get planes flying for fuel that no longer exists. The close ones are shot on the street before they carry the plague to another. In the middle, there is a wonderful vignette about Rolls Royce, which is a very necessary middle-of-the-way rest. In this space there is a futuristic plane that promotes the future. This future is the third act. The world was rebuilt with the help of that "strange animal, man." Helicopters fly in this movie before being invented. The installer's help has uses other than those of Dalek or Glenn Miller. The widescreen plasma screens that convince the masses and the orators incite people to break it all. "Beware of consolation, you have been warned!", The City's father warns the spoiled people. So be warned, this movie could hit you as if it hit me. There are some nice mistakes and wrong mistakes, but the challenging idealism of thinking is what we should think again and I want to see this artistic movie again. Others criticize Mr Wells's vision. It's very easy to work 20/20 back in terms of things, costumes and foley mysteries. I think Wells's "Income" is not about things, but about social concepts, social trends, and philosophical ideals. Besides, we are just starting the new millennium and we are not yet in the future. This is not a cheap British science fiction cardboard, but it deserves Epic Filmed Opera, without singing, that overall the concept overcomes some of the deficiencies dated by the minor.
