I have to admit a little disappointment with this film; I read a lot about how spectacular it was, but the real futuristic sequences, the age of science, occupy a very small amount of the film. The sets are excellent when we get to them and there are some amazing images, but this final sequence is missing in so many other ways ... <br /> <br /> The best drama of the play is in and then plays like a melodrama, resulting from the scientific-fictional nature of the "high" concept, and the inadequately robust dialogue. There is a much more humane life in this part, though, with the great Ralph Richardson sailing gloriously over the top as the little dictator, the "boss" of Everytown. I liked Richardson's manners and cleaned up the delivery of lines, rejecting the presence and ideas of Raymond Massey, confident, visitor. This boss is a frightening, persuasive cheat, unable to figure out the nature of the little birds of his kingdom ... It's not an important role, but Richardson does a lot. to be England or at least an English city, quite representative of England. Interesting was the complete avoidance of any religious aspect of things; "future things" seem to spin around a conflict between warrior barbarism and a belief in science that seems to have a final end goal, but only to go further. There is a tentative attempt to raise some arguments and tensions in the last section, referring to a more personal "life", yet one remains unsatisfied. The film has little interest in subtle complexity; it's about spectacle and indecisiveness, morality, every time. And, of course, reminds the hedge-bet final: Raymond Massey lyric wax about how unsafe things are! <br /> <br /> As to the question that the film is a prediction: I must say that it is not bad at all as it obviously allows it to be impossible to obtain the details of life, such as the right. Bigger concepts have something for them; a war in 1940, well it was probably predictable ... Holding for nearly 30 years, remember! A nuclear bomb - a "super weapon" or such a counterpoint - in 2036 ... A technocrat socialist "we do not believe in the independent national state" of government in the United Kingdom after 1970 ... Hmmm, unfortunately nowhere , boys! ;-) No real politics has entered here, which is a shame; all these surfaces are a very commendable anti-war feeling. In general, it is assumed that the dictatorship - be it fascist with the loud-fascist or under the leadership of the boss, or the scientific socialism of all people - the hand-pump - will be the understanding *, and these implications are not addressed ... we must we remember that in 1936 there was no knowledge of how the Nazis and Communism had proven - or even the way it turned out - the lack of consideration of this seems to be gentle apart from the cinema's vision of other issues. <br /> <br /> Much of the previous thing should - and might - have been cut off in my opinion; only the shortest things in the 1940s would have been necessary, yet this segment tends to become rather weighted and is elderly before getting to Richardson-Massey. I would have liked to have seen more with Margaret Scott; who is just a bit skeptical, cutting a Mediterranean figure with bright eyes for negligible purposes. The character is not explored or honestly explained or exploited, except for a scene I will not spoil, and the relationship with the boss is not explored; but then it was the 1930s, and there was such a thing as a widespread institutional censorship at that time. Edward Chapman is a bit funny in both roles; rather at first as an unfortunate chap, praying for war, just to be pushed by another Massey character. Massey himself helps things a lot, playing his tracks with a mix of shuffling and a gusto shimmer, contrasting well with a broadly diffused distribution, except for Richardson, Scott and Chapman, easy. I would say that "Things to Come" is undoubtedly an extraordinary movie that was made in the UK in 1936; one of the few British series of science fiction films to date, indeed! His design (piece) and exploitation of resources are wonderful, wonderful. <br /> <br /> However, the script is ultimately over-serious and sometimes everywhere. Direction is prone to flatness, although it does a stage gear or two occasions. The Filmar and Mr. Richardson really save things; creating a wonderful sense of great technology, and a tedious, mischievous performance that behaves consistently. Such a shame is that there is so little substance or real film conception of everything; Powell and Pressburger would have been the perfect executives to take on such a task - they are without peer between British directors as bold, talented storytellers, big monks and first-rate dealers. <br /> <br /> "Things to Come," as it happens, is an interesting curiosity that deserves to be perceived, but not far from a "Metropolis" ... "So stupid, in the words of Wells, as well as Lang's film with nothing like its amazing force.
