This SF sci-fi work by Herbert George Wells with Arthur Bliss's music is a powerful piece of shooting. Adapted from the slightly different work of the author by Wells, it provides a glance at the human future with the subject of war periods, versus periods of "peace." The structure is that, after a pair of contradictions between normal episodes and gathering war clouds, the scenario allows the war to happen. Two families, Cabell and Passworthys, disagree with what might happen; The freshman has a hopeful vision of the "automatic" progress of civilization; Cabell is the thinker, the bruiser. Their city Everytown - obviously London - becomes destroyed by a tank war, a magnificent warfare on Bliss and the end of civilization. The second part finds people living in the rest of the city under a "boss" played by Ralph Richardson, whose marvelous woman, Margaretta Scott, is just as fascinating as a dreamer, for she is a dictator concrete. It is trying to rebuild the WWI planes so they can attack a nearby hill tribe to complete their little kingdom; a young scientist complains that his work has been interrupted continuously for planes - etc. - everlasting; this is Wells' commentary on war versus progress. Survivors are subjected to a plague called "Wandering Wandering." Join a modern flight car piloted by Cabell in the first section of the film, now part of Wings Over the World, a Coalition of International Scientists who intends to end the war forever. This flight modernist has fascinating conversations with his boss and woman, their attraction being obvious; then Boss sends the plane against them, the scientists come up with a large number of planes and throw the "Gas of Peace" on the ruins of Everytown. Only the boss dies, fighting too much against pacification. The film then shows that mining is mined and that the slow steps are made in the beams of a new futuristic city of magnificent towers. In the third section, a future Cabell argues with a passive future about the morality of human science. They deserve to be saved if they have the right to send people to the moon; Cabell qualifies man's right to advance and the need to expand his horizons. Passworthy's son and Cabell's daughter, the astronauts being sent. Theotocopulos, a luddit with a religious mind, makes a terrible speech on a huge screen in the City Forum and leads an attack on the "space weapon" that aims to trigger the new missile without the gravity of the Earth. The highlight of the field is the successful firing of the gun; the end and the end is a Kabell speech of value and science that is considered universally the most profound defense of the mind that has ever been written. "It's all the universe - or nothing!" Cabell tells Passworthy. "Which will be?" Like Cabell, Raymond Massey probably offers the best screen interpretation; he is thoughtful, full of compassion and reasonable, a true scientist. Like the rattler wishing to end the age of science, Cedric Hardwicke is perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman, who plays the role of Passworthy, admirably interprets the voice of convention and fear. The story is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Considering the excessive disappearance of mankind, the idea of ​​a civilization led by the rebuilders scientists is made plausible and credible to the spectator. This is a triumph for director William Cameron Menzies, for Bliss and all those concerned. Listen to the dialogue with someone you love; within its built-up limits, this is a thought of debate that discusses two possible future of man - his progress or his opposite reaction.
