I was just a baby in my arms when George Lucas lay the world with his Saga in this world, chronicling the adventures of the young Luke Skywalker and the notoriety Darth Vadar, but even today 20 years I can appreciate the genius of Lucas and the incredible imagination he was blessed. In New Hope, Lucas has shown a new way of telling the stories he has presented to such memorable characters as Queen Princess Leia, Rougish Han Solo and Luke Skywalker, as well as the most beloved of villains, sinister Darth Vadar. In The Empire Strikes Back, he went all to show us the Special Effects I can add to a story and they did something that no one thought you could do on the screen. He made an endless film or started and dropped a treatment. The Jedi's return is an end to a Saga that will withstand the test of time. When The Empire Srtikes Back ended with the incorporation of Rouge Han Solo from Carbonite to be delivered to Jabba the Hut and the young Luca who was spinning from the discovery of a terrible truth about his Father, I remained with the feeling that things were going from evil to the worst. Vadar seemed to have won the day. How did we ask the rebels to recover from this blow? In Lucas, the ultimate and captivating final chapter, we are kept on the edge of our seats from Han's daring rescue from Jabba's palace to the last climatic battle of the Death Star between Luke and Vadar, while Luca struggles between fulfilling his duties a Jedi and a rebellious warrior, and trying to redeem the good he believes he is still in his Father's soul. Old friends, such as Lando Calrissian and Chewbacca, who ever love themselves, reunite for a final battle to end all the battles, a dangerous enemy appears in the form of the Emperor himself (played by brilliant Ian McDiarmiud.) How Oscar missed as a mystery ), desperate to turn Luke into the Dark Side, even if it means treason to his disciple Darth Vadar. black with his red eyes, face disfigured in ghostly white and sinister laughter, he is truly a terrifying addition to the story and is the undisputed master of the events that unfold. His new and improved Star of Death spells disaster for the rebels, but the brave group is launching a final desperate attack to end the reign of the Empire forever. <br /> <br /> Lucas has managed to incorporate three different stories at the same time and keep the action for the audience to be riveted. We are enthusiastic about how Han and Leia are trying to bring the shield around the dead end of the moon forest of Endor with the help of adorable Ewoki (which I really do not think I get from the movie.) I offer a reversing sister from the tensions of the battles in Death Star) and impeded by Stormtroopers legions and imperial officers. We rejoice on Lando and the other pilots as they take on the powerful Imperial Fleet and risk losing their lives and the member to fly into the Death Star to destroy it once and for all. And we look with a sharp breath as Vadar and the Emperor tries to turn Luke on the dark side, while he, in turn, tries to turn the Father back. But for me the most difficult and yet convincing battles is that it continues inside Darth Vadar. For ROTJ there is a battle of emotions and feelings. Vadar is caught between his loyalty to the Emperor and the Empire, and the inclinations of the Fathers to Luke. I never thought a mask could show emotion, but something like nothing but the confusion and pain on Vadar's face during final scenes, just as Emperor turns Luke back. Vadar has more depth and excitement than I thought a bastard, especially a car that a man could have and which I think makes him so accessible. He is in conflict. The disciple as much as the Master. The victim as much as the villain. Without destroying the end too much Vadar's final scene is the weirdest and most wonderful of the trilogy. So, in conclusion, what can I say. George Lucas is the master of Saget. Star Wars is the most convincing and exciting Sagas I've seen for a long time, and I've seen another SAG rivaling it. The return of the Jedi has all the ingredients needed to make the ending Lucas masterpiece worthwhile. Action, suspense, romance, tragedy, redemption, joy that turns into one and memorable characters, great special effects and appealing music make both a great movie in itself and an end Lucas can boast.
