After "Empire strikes back," "Returning the Jedi" is the second Star Wars starring. Luke went to the Tattoo to save Han Solo from Jabba. At the same time, the Galactic Empire secretly constructs a new space station, such as the previous Star of Death. If this station remains totally built, it will be the end of the Rebel Alliance. Both Vader and the Emperor are impatient due to the delay of the new Star Death and have to kill many of their commanders to do the project in time. R2 and C3po are inside Jabba's palace send a message from Luke to Jabba, where Lukes pretends to negotiate Han's life. He gives R2 and C3po as a gift to Jabba as part of his plan. Jabba does not accept negotiation, because he uses Han Solo as a piece of his palace decor (Han is still frozen in carbonite). Lando is hidden as Jabba's guard, and Chewbacca is given by Jabba by a reward hunter. When the same Hunter tries to save Han's soil and make him again in human form, we see that he is actually Princess Leia in a disguise. The problem is that Jabba discovers Leia's plan and takes her as a slave, while Han is thrown into Chewbacca's cell. Luke comes as a Jedi knight to save his friends. At the first attempt to kill Jabba, he falls into Jabba's monster cell (Bantha) but kills it easily. Jabba remains angry and decides to throw Han, Chewbacca and Luke to Sarlacc, a large creature in the desert that has been digging for "food" for 1,000 years. Luke, Han and Chewie have managed to have fun again, and even Boba Fett dies when Han throws him accidentally into Sarlacc's mouth. Leia kills Jabba and goes after Han, Luke and Chewie, as well as c3po and R2. <br /> <br /> Everyone is safe, Luke decides to go to Dagoba to finish his Jedi training as well as Yoda's promise. The problem is that Yoda is too old and ill, since he's already 900 years old and before he dies, Yoda tells Luke that he does not need more training, but to be a Jedi, he must fight again with Vader. He confirms to Luke that Vader is Luke's father and that there is another Skywalker next to Luke. In his last moments, Yoda asks Luke to recall his advice on the temptation of the dark side and Luke to pass on the Jedi's knowledge to other people. When Yoda dies, Obi Wan's spirit appears to Luke and tells him that Luke's father killed Anakin to become Darth Vader and also that he was more than a man since he became a sith. Luke remains concerned about the murder of his father and says he feels that his father still has goodness. Obi Wan tells Luke that his twin sister is Leia and tells the reasons why Luca and Leia were separated from the children. He gives Luke's final advice that if he refuses to kill Vader, the emperor will win the war. At the same time, the Emperor tells Vader that he has to give Luca when he shows up, since Luca is stronger than before, and both must combine his efforts to bring Luke to the dark side. Now we will have one of the best battles in the Star Wars series, when the Rebel Alliance intends to attack the new space station, "Star Death 2", Luke will face Vader and the Emperor, and Leia, Han and Chewie have to stop the field power "Death Star 2" with EWOKS. (small creatures that show little bears) This is certainly one of the most exciting star wars of all!
