Okay, my title is kind of blade and almost sells this short clip. I remember seeing Siskel & Ebert in '94 talking about this movie and then playing a clip or two. I was not a conscious rapper (although I could identify Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer), I did not really care when they started talking about the movie. But then, S & E showed the stage where the band explains how they chose their name (using a "shadowy" logic and a bunch of "made" deeds) and then another scene where the rival band and band are visiting both NWH, of course, comes up with some "information" about how the rival leader is a loser because he got good grades in school and he was in the annual committees). So I submitted that I should see this movie. A few years later, this appears on HBO and I recorded it, just to laugh my ass for hours. Yes, it has a kind of "Spinal Tap" rhythm ... even the documentarist has the same "tone" in setting the clips, and the band follows a similar path (what I call now "Behind the Music" phenomenon - the small band has a good chemistry, it gets famous, too much money too fast, headaches, drugs, a kind of death, tape breaks, then reconciles, ending with hope for more albums in the future and fades in black.) The only thing that's true is that in Spinal Tap, you're probably catching the band with a little more success in their past. But touch the drag on certain points, and in my mind is reduced to laughter that are set by certain scenes. Oh, that's his anger about the food behind the scenes, here's where he wants to get to "ELEVEN", this is where the guy makes the small stone, etc ... contrast with FoaBH, which seems to have a "unexpected" humor. You can see some of them coming, but there is not a big configuration for each joke. Sometimes the jokes are very good. Cundieff and the other actors in the group had real chemistry that worked. Also direct references to vanilla ice, hammer and a bunch of caricature rappers worked very well. This seems like a movie that you look at once to get the main story and laugh, then go back and watch to catch subtle jokes. And the songs. "My Arrangements" Are Better Than "Big Bottom" (from Spinal Tap)? I do not know - but I'm both funny. The terrible film of Tone Def during his "awakening" phase is so bizarre, yet so funny. I could go a little, but save your time and do not lose CB4. I watched the first half an hour and I was bored. You do not bother FoaBH. There are moments a little more fun, but you can never tell when something good will happen. Perhaps my favorite scenario is when Ice Chill and Tastey Taste (the names of ripoffs if I've ever heard) find that they have shared the same girl ... at one point, you have the two arms facing each other and the next thing you know , the manager, the photographer, the girl and I think even Tone Def are in the room, pointing arms to each other, changing the targets back and forth. And, of course, someone is shot. It seemed strange to me that the NWH managers suffered similar fights to the Spinal Tap bats (although none spontaneously burned, I do not think). There were plenty of similarities that I can not ignore the probability of Cundieff seeing "Spinal Tap" before writing this movie, though this is far more Spinal Tap hip-hop. While there are some similarities, the humor is different, and the film looks more like a real documentary (maybe because we do not recognize a single actor in this, even the one who played "Lamar" in "The Revenge of the Snakes"). In general, this film has, in my opinion, "street faith". Like NWH.
