This movie is, in my opinion, the worst film in the original Star Wars trilogy for several reasons. However, at the end of the day, the winner, despite all his defects. It's still a very good movie, even though much of its quality depends on the characters that were built in the two upper installments. One problem here is the aspect of the film, very consistent with the other 2 films. We put a lot of them until producer Gary Kurtz left. The first two movies have that dirty look, lived with all the technology, and so on. In the Jedi, on the other hand, the rebels even looked like they came out of a shower and had their cleaned uniforms. This makes for a much less textured film. The creatures were too similar to the muppet and brave. At this time, it seems that filmmakers were more concerned with creating templates for future action figures than the quality of the film itself. Another aspect is the lack of originality. If "Star Wars" has created a whole new experience in cinematography and "Empire" has brought us into alien worlds of swamps, ice and clouds, the Jedi has recirculated the lemons of the first film. First we return to the desert planet Tatooine and then look at them with another dead star (maybe the Emperor did not think of anything new ... but you would think that Lucas or Kasdan could). We also have these ewoki, which are really only detestable for matt teddy bears, in a recycled version of what was supposed to be the big fight at the end of the "Star Wars", if they did not come out of cash . It just feels like a lazy construction. The happiest aspect of "Jedi" for me is the poor handling of the Han Solo character. While he is central to the plot of the first two films here he is fighting for screen time, selling a line with droids. Instead of a real drama, we are stuck with the tortured claim that Han is still convinced that Leia loves Luke - as if the end of the "Empire," where she confessed that his love for him had never happened. Everything is very controversial and hardly hides the fact that the Solo character is not part of the central story of this film after its rescue. Ford, in turn, seems bored and does not have the style that distinguishes his previous performances. This is more like a Ford performance since 1990, bored and looking "over" the movie itself. Fisher for her part is visibly high in some scenes. Lando, an interesting character introduced into "Empire," here is blocked as the apparent person we care about in the giant space battle. Only Hamill, given an interesting evolution in the character of Luke, is indeed capable of doing something new or interesting to his character. He was probably the only important actor in the movie that still cared for his work. And to be fair, the script gives them much more than the other characters. It's really his story, and the other characters are just there as part of the package. Ian McDiarmid does a great job, as does the Emperor. The movie will sink if it was too far from the top (as it was in the new movies sometimes). Visual and in terms of work effects, other than the "clean" aspect of all, it's hard to find fault. Jabba is a very efficient animatronic character, one of the most elaborate ever built. The battles of space to the end are very impressive. In the end, this film is heading for success, based on the achievements of its priests. But on its own it is a satisfying piece of play and IMHO much larger than any of Lucas's later productions.
