Brian Yuzna is often frowned as a director for his gore-festivals, but the truth is that his movies are not bad at all. Re-animator successes are not as great as the original, but are still worthy of the horror sequels. The Return of Living Dead 3 is the best of the series; and society is not a world far from being a surreal masterpiece of horror. This thriller is certainly not a masterpiece; but Yuzna's eye looks great for horror, and the plot moves in a way that is always thrilling and committed. I am very surprised that a horror movie about dentistry did not appear until 1996 because walking to the dentist is almost a primordial fear - fleeing a tiger to the modern world. Dentistry does not scare me, but surprisingly; I seem to be in the minority. The plot is followed by perfectionist dentist Dr Feinstone. She has a beautiful home, a successful career and a beautiful wife - almost everything most people want. However, his life turns to bad when he discovers his wife's business with the pool cleaner. And his life is not alone; as well as his patients who feel the full weight of his anger ... When it comes to scaring the audience, this movie really does. However, the credit must be directed to the director for extracting the entire fearful share of the central theme. The fact that he does a good job is summed up by the fact that I do not mind going to the dentist - yet a particular scene made me look at my eyes! The film follows the average man who makes a sketch of madness, only with The Dentist you always have the impression that there is more to the movie than what we see. It is not very common for a gore film to impress on a level of substance - and while this will not win any prize, the upper class parody is well bound in the plot. The actor, while class B, is actually quite impressive; with Corbin Bernsen taking the lead role and doing a good job of convincing the audience that he is really a man at the edge. I should thank Brian Yuzna for distributing Ken Foree in the movie. Dawn of the Dead Rock does not have enough work and I really like to see it in the movies. The rest of the distribution does not really impress, but they all do their work quite well. On the whole, The Dentist offers a refreshing change for nineteenth-century films. Gore scenes will be happy for horror fans, and I do not hesitate to recommend this movie.
