The dentist begins on Sunday morning with Dr. Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and his wife, Brooke (Linda Hoffman), the wedding anniversary. On the surface of Mr. and Mrs. Feinstone, they seem to have a beautiful life, a beautiful home in Los Angeles, and have a successful career with responsibility, but under the things are very wrong. Alan discovers that Brooke has an affair with Matt (Michael Stadvec), the pool curator, to add to Alan's humiliation, and then finds out that Matt has sex with Paula Roberts (Lise Simms), one of his neighbors, owes IRS, who breathes on the throat, a load of money. Alan starts to lose his mind, he convinces himself that everything is broken and rotten, just like his patient's teeth, and he has to fix it. That morning at work, he begins to take frustration and anger on his patients, first hurts a boy named Jody (Brian McLaughlin), sexual assault is a patient named April Reign (Christa Sauls) after he hallucinates that he is his wife and deliberately performs a useless and painful procedure on the other. Also, Alan starts to take drugs as he loses it completely, and homicide comes from his adultery wife and clean pool ... Directed by Brian Yuzna I thought the dentist was a good movie and tried something a bit different. The scenario of Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch is more of a psychological thriller than a straight blow that came as a surprise to me as I expected the latter, it would have been easy to make a teenage film, such as Friday, 13th 1980), with a large number of corpses and a wicked crafty dental robber, but what the Dentist proved to be very different. The dentist is at the heart of a man's study of crazy descent and he does a good job, although he says I'm not sure what goes through it is sufficient justification for his subsequent criminal actions. It moves in a beautiful rhythm, it has a beautiful story in which I liked the constant connection that Alan makes between the decay he sees in his patients and the decay he sees in the world around him and it's a fun way to pass 90 strange minutes. It goes without saying that anyone who has a phobia about a dentist should give him a miss or you will never come back again! I also liked the end if the tables are transformed, I will not say ... Director Yuzna does his usual job here, in fact, I do not think I saw a Yuzna movie that I did not enjoy in a to some extent, obviously and predictably, uses the opportunity to play on our fear of dentist with some dental tortures, including pulling people's teeth, molesting them sexually, carrying out drug operations and torturing people with the worried dentist's drill. There are other gore scenes, a dead dog, someone with a knife and a tongue cut. Yuzna gives the movie a certain style on what was probably a low budget, she likes to tilt the room, which makes for beautiful angles and I loved shooting where the room is over someone who is knifed & spraying huge spray sprays blood on the floor a beautiful angle over his head. Technically, the dentist has decent cinematography, music and production value, although some of the special effects of makeup seem to be impressive. The actress is quite strong from all those involved in what Corbin does in a good crackpot performance. The favorite phenomenon and favorite genre Ken Foree appears detective Gibbs one of the best in Los Angeles. The dentist has not proven the way I expected, and the better for him, if you are a fan of horror and you may want something different, then it is worth checking out. I liked it and I think it definitely deserves a watch.
