I remember being frightened by the blood of the movie when I was younger and gradually becoming less, until I got pretty bad, as I'm sure many other viewers have become, so the barrage of gorilla films produced in the last few years, have fun, but they did not scare me or make me be. The "dentist" turned this around. The configuration seems simple: a mentally unstable dentist is bad in the mouth and probably in the body. An intelligent controversy is that the dentist is the protagonist of the film, so instead of being a bad one-dimensional type without clear motivation, his development is the most extensive of any character and is very human and credible. The viewer feels sympathy for him as well as for his victims, and instead of hoping that justice is coming to him, I find myself hoping to find some way to cover his footsteps and return to a normal life. What really "makes" a horror movie is violence. And "Dentist" does it better than any other movie I can think of. First of all, the film has tons of tension, which tendencies lack modern movies. In one scene (), the dentist is emotionally distracted and must first see a small child. As it reaches the child's mouth, you hope that for the dentist and the child, the meeting will end without injuries. I will not hurt what's going on. Second, when the gore comes, it hits all the worst, nervous. Once again, I will not give anything. Of course, being a movie you have never heard of, has flaws. Most importantly, it is exclusive to horror fans. Also, as another commentator mentioned, in the course of just a few days, we do not really get any background about the characters. And the tension drops a bit at the last moment. But, indeed, the fact that we really want to know the background about the characters is proof of goodness, and most of the film is solid enough that any small loss in tension can be forgiven. <br /> <br /> It is strange, after a few years of getting used to the film, suddenly I want to cover my eyes to the sight of the blood. "The dentist has made me scared and completely uncomfortable, and that's why I get my full approval.
