The dentist is a very good thriller. And quite disturbing. I think we all agree that the chances of entering a psychiatrist are far greater than being in monsters, vampires or zombies. That's why this movie is so scary. During this movie, you will probably think of your dentist several times. Whether he is capable of doing such things ... You better pray his wife does not deceive him. This is the story. A dignified dentist in LA gets stuck when he finds out that his wife is cheating on him with the boy at the pool. (That's got to be the biggest profession in the world, by the way. Poolboys always take advantage of housewives when the husband is at work.) Since then, our dentist, Dr. Feinstone, can only take revenge. He can not concentrate on his patients, and some of them hurt. Things are no easier for our dentist when he is pursued by an annoying tax inspector, a curious policeman and a member of his suspect staff. At one point, Dr. Feinstone can not take that anymore. Now it is not only after his wife, but after all who come to him. The dentist is written and directed by Brian Yuzna and co-written by Stuart Gordon. You can take this as a recommendation for yourself. These two people have already offered us some terrible movies (and my personal favorites), such as Re-Animator, Din Beyond and Society. With the dentist, I manage once again to bring a fun and very refreshing thriller. This movie came just in time. The decade has not brought us so many horror films so far. I do not say at all that it is a masterpiece, but it is a pleasant change. Corbin Bensen is great as a dentist who is obsessed with hygiene. I remember him more like a comedian or drama actor, but he can certainly take on a psychotic character. The rest of the distribution also does a good job. The woman who interprets Feinstone's wife is very attractive. It's also been great to see Ken Foree again. The actor in my favorite movie "Dawn of the Dead" plays the cop in this movie. Yuzna also did it in Din Beyond, 15 years ago, and I thank him for that. I do not recommend this movie to everyone (if you have a poor stomach, I advise you to ignore it), but if you follow it, you will enjoy it very much. You'll be disgusted ... but that's another reason, I think. It's been a while since I was really scared of a movie. It's a great subject of gender and Yuzna does it in a wonderful way. Too bad that this movie was followed by a completely useless sequel. My humble opinion on the dentist ... 8/10
