Not that many movies have really exploited the fear of going to the dentist that many have. Those in this profession have some really intimidating tools. Give Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch writers to get the maximum make-you-squirm-in-your-seat shock from their premise. Corbin Bernsen, in a nuanced performance, is Alan Feinstone, a dedicated dentist whose train jumps off the track early. Unbalanced obsessive-compulsive behavior begins to think about disintegration, even imagining it where it does not exist, and also equating with the decline of corruption in society in general. After seeing his unfaithful wife, Brooke (Linda Hoffman), she managed to punish her with the boy at the pool. At the same time, it is under pressure from an I.R.S. (Earl Boen, best known as Dr. Silberman of the Terminator franchise), to make a favor in exchange for the agent who keeps his mouth closed in connection with Feinstone's financial affairs. Feinstone begins to perceive everyone around him as being fallen in one way or another and goes into a crime syndrome, while police detective Gibbs (always welcome Ken Foree) takes his mark. Director Brian Yuzna has a lot of fun with the script. Allows some truly ugly and remarkably fun scenes that make as much as creating sympathy for victims as thrilling audiences. The script offers the Feinstone character some fine lines of dialogue and is generally quite strange and funny, with lots of black humor (such as Feinstone who orders a victim to "pull out his tongue!"). Brooke and I.R.S. agent in particularly effective torture scenes. The effects of makeup are, for the most part, pretty good. And the movie does a good job of keeping its momentum before, because Feinstone, with his unusual perfection unit, goes from a respected professional to an endless killer in record time. Foree, always cool and fun to watch, is rather squandered in a standard detective role, but there is a joy about Boen playing slimeball on the handle. Hoffman and Christa Sauls offer very attractive eye candy. And a pre-famous Mark Ruffalo can be seen in a small supportive role. But this is very much a show by Bernsen as he sinks his teeth (forgive me for using that expression) in his plumage role that leads with a total conviction. "Dentist" is one of the most original and exciting horror movies to emerge from the 1990s. <br /> <br /> 8/10
