I thought ROTJ was clearly the best of the three Star Wars movies. I find it surprising that ROTJ is considered the weakest installment in the Trilogy by many who voted. For me it seemed to me that ROTJ was the best because he had the deepest plot, the most suspense, surprises, the most emotional (especially the final) and certainly the most episodic film. I personally like Empire Strikes Back very much but I think it's a bit better than ROTJ because it was slower, it was not as episodic and I did not feel much suspense or excitement like me with the third movies. Also, it seems to me that, after reading these surprising reviews, the reasons people quoted because ROTJ is a lower film than the other two are simply absurd and are insignificant in comparison to the absolute excellence of the film in whole. I have heard many strange reasons such as: a) because Yoda died b) because Bobba Fett died c) because the small Ewokii defeated a stormtrooper d) because Darth Vader was revealed each of these reasons, because I think they completely lack the point. First, WHO CARES if Bobba Fett died ??? If George Lucas wanted to die, he wanted to die. Do not misunderstand me I'm fan of Bobba Fett but he made some appearances in cameo and it was not Lucas's intention to make him a central character in the movies that Star Wars fans made him to be. His name was not even mentioned in the movie anymore ... You had to go to credits to learn Bobba Fett's name! Judging ROTJ because a minor character died is a bit too much I think ... Secondly, many fans did not like Yoda to die. Sure, it was an important time in the movie. I was not happy to see him die, but he made the film more realistic. All the good boys can not stay alive in a realistic movie, you know. Otherwise, if all the good guys lived and ALL bad guys died, this movie would be equated with a cartoon of the morning. Another aspect of this point is that people do not like Yoda's death. Well, no one complained when Darth Vader hit Obi Wan Kenobi in New Hope. (Many believe that the new hope is the best of the Trilogy) Why Obi Wan's death was good, but Yoda did not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm ... Another reason I can not believe it was actually said was that people found the cute Ewoki impossible. This is absolutely ridiculous! I can not believe this! First of all, Ewoki is on their native Endor planet, so they are aware of their home ground because they live there. If you watch the film carefully, many of the tactics Ewokii used to defeat stormtroopers were through the excellent use of their land's advantage. (Since you've lived in the forest all your life, I hope you've been taught to use it to your advantage) They had vines, ropes, logs set up to travel those steps and other traps. Stormtrooperies were very disadvantaged because they were outnumbered and did not know the advantages of the forest. The only thing they had was their blasters. To add, it was not as Ewoks struggled with themselves, they were strongly assisted by the rebellious band in this conquest. I thought if the stormtrooper had defeated a combination of Star Wars heroes, the rebellious band, and the huge Ewoki clone, with great familiarity with their home ground, it would have been a great upset. Finally, if this scene was still unbelievable for you. As for Empire Strikes Back or New Hope where there were several scenes from a group formed of Han Solo, Chewbacca and Princess, being shot as ten stormtroopers and all their blasters missed while the heroes were in full sight! And not only that, heroes, of course, have always struck Stormtrooper with their blasters. The troops must have a VERY VERY, very bad then! At least in Empire Strikes Back, the Battle of Endor has been much more credible since you had two armies that have not been thrown between them, not three heroes against a legion of stormtroopers. Do not you believe me? Check out the Battle of Cloud City when our heroes escaped Lando's base. Or when our heroes saved Princess Leia and were shot (somehow missed) as Han Solo and Luca tried to get out of Death Star. The last reason I'm interested in talking (others are just too absurd for me to spend my time here) is that people did not like Darth Vader to be revealed! Well, in many ways it was an important part of the film plot. Luca was trying to find out if Darth Vader was his father, Annakin Skywalker or not. It would have been disappointing if the film had ended without Luke meeting his father's face for completing it. Through Annakin's revelation he symbolized the transition that Darth Vader suffered from being possessed by the dark side (in his helmet) and the good person that was Annakin Skywalker (by removing the helmet). The idea is that Annakin died transformed again in the light, and that meant the meaning of the headset moving scene. Actually, that would have been what I would have done in that scene if I were Luke's father ... It's not what you would have done if you wanted to see your son with your eyes before he died, in a mechanized machine another note, I think a subconscious or conscious expectation among most people is that the next MUST be worse (even if it is better) that previous movies are another reason why ROTJ does not get many distinctions as it deserves . I never go into a movie that's about this deception, I always try to get into a movie with the attitude that "Well, it might be better or worse than the original. But I do not know for sure. "In this way, I go with an open mind and I do not mind thinking that a clearly superior film is not as good as it really is. I'm not sure who is criticizing these movies, but I asked many students and adults about the Star Wars movie and everyone tells me (except a person who said that a new hope was preferred) that it's ROTJ. I think the results of these polls are terrible and quite deceptive. The Bottom Line, The Return of the Jedi was the best of the Trilogy. This movie was the only one of the three who kept my rifles in the 135 minutes. There was no moment of boredom, because each scene was either suspense, exciting, surprising, or all the above. For example, the emotional battle of the Sabers between Luke and his father in ROTJ was better than that of the Strikes Back Empire in any day! Finally, I hope people will go to see Phantom Phantom with open minds because if fans try to look for nipical, insignificant details (or to see them as "just another sequel") to destroy the movie, such as "This the movie smells because Luke is not in it! " then this meritorious film will become another spectacular movie that will be the subject of a derision that ROTJ suffers, unfortunately. <br /> <br />
