Director Brian Yuzna had an unequal horror career, creating masterpieces such as "Return of the Dead Dead 3" or "Bride of Re-Animator," but at the same time he made terrible movies like "Faust: Love for the Wicked" or "Progena" mediocre. It's obviously better than the producer where his work on producing Stuart Gordon's movies was superb. "The Dentist" is one of his smaller works as a director, but the low profile of the film and the lack of pretensions make it a very enjoyable experience. It's about the story of Dr. Alan Feinstone (brilliantly played by Corbin Bernsen), a successful dentist who one day finds out that his perfect life is not as perfect as he believed when he discovered that his beautiful wife (Linda Hoffman) with the boy at the pool. This event disturbs his mind and puts him in a snorting killing while he takes revenge on the world to be so "dirty." The premise is very well managed by Yuzna, as she takes us on a walk after Feinstone avenues. What makes this movie different from most songs is the fact that we are not in the perspective of the victim, we follow Feinstone because he is the main character. We are witnessing how it goes from respected professional to psycho crime one day. Yuzna manages to give the film exactly the amount of suspense, but adds a good dose of dark humor that really helps the movie. Most of the premise's success is in Bernsen's performance as Feinstone. He can make you feel sympathy and hate at him at the same time, and the subtle humor of his character is another aspect that helps the film. The rest of the song is not as good and I think their subjects are doing much more than they should. A notable exception is Ken Foree, while the detective tries to catch Feinstone. While his role is rather small, he does an excellent job with him. With a dentist as a murderer, violent scenes are expected, and Brian Yuzna offers SFX in the right amount. It's good to see that he does not go wrong with him, as he usually does, and I dare say that this is a climax of the movie. It has the exact amount of gore that is expected, nothing less and nothing more. Yuzna has narrowed its common excesses and the result is great. While this is not one of Yuzna's most popular films, I would say it is one of the best. Sure, it's not a classic material like his masterpieces, but it's a funny movie that does not get tiring or boring. It's a simple budget movie, but for what it is, I think it's gone. 7/10
