I remember this movie especially when I was a teenager, my best friend told me everything about this movie and how she scared her like a child. Of course I'm the blood thirsty, I had to go and find this movie. Now I do not know how to put this thing without losing credibility, so I'm going to say, we actually had fun watching this movie! I know it's bad, not the best story, and beyond bloody and frightening, but that's what we're looking for, and the Dentist offers in spirits, blood, sex and mad psychopaths. Sometimes I just need a fun movie like this to just let you lose it and win it. Alan Feinstone is obsessed with order and cleanliness. On the day of his wedding anniversary, he spies his wife Brooke having sex with the dirty pool man, Matt. In dental practice, Feinstone's first patient of the day is young Jody Saunders, there for his first dental meeting. Feinstone begins to clean Jody's teeth. Everything goes well at first, until they imagine Jody's teeth are brown and rotten. His dental fake slides Jody into the gums. Jody's mother raises the child crying, bleeding and going away angry. Feinstone sees the second patient, the beauty queen April Reign. Along with April, Feinstone sedates her with nitrogen oxide so she can fill a cavity into a molar of her. As he disappears unconsciously, Feinstone thinks he's turned into his wife. She starts kissing her and likes her in the dental chair, then begins to blow her. April begins to cough and wakes from the gas. Feinstone bursts out of the trance and quickly squeezes April's blouse. Feinstone decides to end the day early and sends staff and patients home. Later that night, Brooke met Feinstone at his practice. He reveals his new Italian-themed therapy room. He encourages Brooke to try the room's dental chair. When he does, Feinstone puts it in the chair and sits with nitrogen oxide. With operatic music in the background, he begins to pull out Brooke's teeth. Feinstone has come to an end and will not let anyone stand in the way of cleanliness. Honestly, as bad as this movie sounds, we had a lot of fun watching The Dentist. The best scene is undoubtedly when he teaches that IRS agent a hygiene lesson that I'm sure he will never forget. Man, I do not think I brushed my teeth so long after I followed the Dentist. Yes, I will warn you, this film is in no way for the weak of the heart, it is very bloody. There are frightening shots, weapons and just these brutal dental torture scenes that will turn your stomach. Still, I liked this movie somehow, if I ever want only a good gore film that was made for fans of true horror, slip it into my DVD player and that's the "tooth" LOL! I'm so funny! Yeah, I'm trying, give me some credit. 7/10
