After seeing his wife (Linda Hoffman) engaging in sexual acts with the boy in the pool, Dr. Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen), already devastating, somewhat unstable, -original and horror amusement from director Brian Yuzna was a welcome change in the rhythm of the usual horror horror that was eliminated in the late nineties. Although the Dentist is meant to be a small and fun film, Yuzna assures that the film provides the shocks and emotions that many serious movies try to dispense. Despite the fact that it suffers somewhat from the lack of background of the central characters, thus allowing events that should have taken place within a few days, the film is interesting, generally well-scripted and well-off, allowing the spectator to maintain his interest , even in absurd moments. The "Dentist" sometimes suffers from shooting, but unlike the much lower level of 1998, there are only unattractive sporadic moments, and the film is generally good. Corbin Bernsen was very convincing in the role of the sadic, disturbed and perfectionist Dr. Alan Feinstone. The way Bernsen is able to faithfully recite his lines, especially with respect to wickedness and immorality of sex (especially felony), is wonderful. While many actors may have trouble describing a psychic obsessed with cleanliness, without making it too gross or ridiculous, Bernsen seems to really match the personality of the character they are trying to portray and thus do the movie is more enjoyable. The dentist was not meant to be a funny, almost comic, awesome film, Bernsen's performance might have been much stronger. Unfortunately, the rest of the song (including a pre-famous Mark Ruffalo) failed to perform very well, and although the movie was not greatly affected by this, stronger performances could have added more credibility to the movie. <br /> <Dentist is not a horror movie that is meant to be taken seriously, but it is certainly enjoyable, especially (I suppose) for fans of the horror of cheese. Those who annoyed themselves with the number of clones Scream (1996) at the end of the nineties can well find this refreshing change, as we have done. A seldom boring and generally well-stimulated scenario, as well as a proficient direction, helps make the "Dentist" one of the most enjoyable times horrors in the 1990s. In addition, we are presented with some particularly grizzly scenes and (as a whole) realistic dental torture that should keep most of the happy gorehounds. Far from being perfect, but far from bad, too, "Dentist" is a movie that is easy to visit at least once. My Rating for "The Dentist" 6.5 / 10.
