The main theme in this dirty Harry is that vengeance is the best-served food. Sandra Locke is as cold in this movie as she is beautiful. Locke is normally "8," but with a deadly gun in the bag, "spinning" for the bad guys, she climbs up the stairs to "10". After being raped by a band, along with her younger sister, a few years ago, Locke, like Jennifer Spencer, tried to block the attack from her life as much as possible. Her sister is almost comonous as a result of trauma, so memory is never far from her mind. One day, Jennifer sees one of her attackers on the street in S.F .; buys a gun, watches him at a bar, lets him pick it up, then when they are alone in Cadillac, starting to make love, shoots him ... once in the genitals, once in the brain ... this in the stage opening! I have to love this crazy lady. She has her right priorities. Plus, Jennifer is a professional artist, putting all her anger on the canvas So far. After executing her first perp, Jennifer follows curiously Det. Insp. Harry Callahan processes the crime scene after the caddy is in Caddy. Then she insults some frightening teenage dollars who are women hassling on the street, visits her sister in a nursing home, then goes hunting in San Paolo, CA "to the coast" where the rape event took place years ago. With more bullets in the suitcase and with more determination in her mind, our hero remembers rape inside her head with a living memory as she approaches the execution of each subsequent offender. It is not unusual for us, if it comes to condemning or executing a violent criminal, not to be sorry for your own miserable humanity, Remember the CRIME and the SUFERENCE it has caused. Such events recall that Jennifer shot the trigger on each of her attackers - once in the genitals, once in the brain. Throughout the movie, Jennifer's revenge scenes are scattered with a good Dirty Harry, blowing away from gangsters in a cafe, remembering "Go, make me the day"? Later, he threatens to step on a punk rifle (who just insulted Callahan) in a courtyard elevator, as if he was stepping on the dog ... letting a young female employee look at Clint for to say, "I want you to have your baby." My favorite scene is about 30 minutes in action when Harry threatens and frightens a murderer named Threlkis in a fatal coronary during his wedding reception at Mark Hopkins. Michael Grazzo (Pantanelles in Nausul II) does a wonderful job as Don Mafia sinful, even if it is only in one scene, dies in a very convincing manner. However, Harry's problems are not over yet! The punk gang of the elevator and the Threlkis monks try to assassinate Harry in two almost orderly scenes, and most of the bad guys have died horribly. Yeah, some of the gunpowder is unleashed like a nasty violence on the screen ... showing Clint, the director would have been tired on that movie shooting day. But there are just so many ways you can send a man with bullets. Punk children die more creatively, though, while both burn to death and drown in S.F. Bay. Heats my heart. With such intense intent to Insp. Callahan, his bosses send him to San Paolo to try to get a background about "killing 22 caliber vasectomy," because Jennifer Spencer's crime is now known, but not before Harry gives up one of his famous sermons, la-chowder-liberals. Love Harry. While our hero upset the local policemen and citizens of San Paolo, there were two more murders, the same M.O., a bloody, lazy fisherman and an equally creepy hardware contractor. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They consider that both agree on topics such as the Law and the Order, Making Guilty Payments, etc. Maybe a scene of hot love, soon? We are led to believe only that. Characters abound in this Real-Man meets Real-Woman crime drama and meet a brass barber named Raye Parkins, which is both irritating and fun. Raye established Jennifer's rape for her "boyfriend" years ago and will eventually come to her. Police Chief of San Paolo, played by Eastwood's trusted co-star Pat Hingle, is strangely in contradiction with Callahan's detective work on vasectomies of 22 horses until we find out that his own adolescent son was one of the group of rapists. Just like Jennifer's sister, Chief Janning's son is now a comedian but guilty. But it can not end here. Dick's rapper friend, Mick, now a fool of a killer, goes from Vegas Becuz Raye threw a penny on Jennifer, calling him to San Paolo to prevent more executions. Mick is sleeping at Raye's house, but his time is wrong and he's arrested before he spends more time with Raye, especially since he's been sent to Eternal Lesboes Island by a shot from the revolver Jennifer. Psycho Mick advertises at the end, with Jennifer shot for him. A desperate pursuit is due to the fact that Harry is trying not to kill the other two. Everything turns out to be good, finally, with the best and the good ones walking in the west, along with a beautiful blues song Roberta Flack.
