Despite the feelings of Star Wars fans, in my opinion, "Return Of The Jedi" is the greatest cinematic film ever made. From the first time I saw it, the depth, intensity, special effects, and the moving story overwhelmed me. The movie was so well put together that it managed to withstand the test of time in the last 20 years. Completed with strong action, as the culmination of the original trilogy, George Lucas gives us a flourishing finish of Star Wars in the Jedi. Film Summary (Contains Spoilers for Those Who Have Never Found) After "Empire Strikes Back" left us hanging for 3 years, we found the end of the story in "Return Of The Jedi". Darth Vader, in emotional disturbances, makes a surprise visit to a new unfinished Decomposition Star to oversee his construction. The Emperor is seen for the first time in this film, as he has the ultimate plan to destroy the Rebel Alliance and bring Luke Skywalker to the Dark Side. Luke, Lando, Leia, Chewie, and droids travel to Tatooine to rescue Han Solo from the murder Lord; Jabba The Hutt. After Han was rescued and Jabba defeated, Luke returns to Dagobah to find a dead Yoda where he finds the terrible truth; Darth Vader is actually his father. Rebellious heroes regroup with the Rebels' Fleet. Now, along with other species and breeds, including Mon Calamari, the rebels must make a total or none of the attack plan to destroy the Death Star before it's over. While Lando drives the space attack in the Millennium Falcon, Rebel heroes must disable the Death Star Shield Generator on Forest Moon Of Endor. This is where the rebels happen to the gentle men, but to the mighty Ewoki. During the intense struggle of the second part, a third struggle must take place as Luca goes willingly to Vader, trying to persuade him to leave the dark side. In emotionally charged sequences, Luke has to face his father because the Emperor attracts his dark emotions. As the young Skywalker is about to face his death in Palpatine's hands, Vader turns his evil master to save his son's life. <br /> <br /> Used with a deep and uninterrupted story of evil, "Return Of The Jedi" is a spectacular, emotionally charged film that redeems good in all of us.
