When the movie was first released, it was promoted with the slogan "Dirty Harry Is Again". Whatever the lack of this original in the original is more than offset by complete and complete precision. "Sudden Impact" keeps all the aspects that made the last three dirty Harry movies so successful - fast pace, compelling plot, strong support characters, endless guns and dry humor on the bone. Some of these elements are not only retained but also amplified - this is easily the darkest, bloody, and most obvious slice on the right of the franchise. Plot is somewhat interesting: after killing a ridiculous number, Inspector Callahan is sent on holiday forced by his superiors to the sleepy coastal city of San Paolo. He has the task of investigating the background of a recent victim who was shot in the genital organs before being taken out of his misery (undoubtedly considerable) by a second blow to his head. At the beginning of the movie, the audience is aware of the identity of the murderer - an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke), who hunts the beatings who beat her and her sister at a fun fair ten years ago. This incident is shown in a very disturbing flashback, fragments of which are repeated before each new crime. As more bodies begin to appear with the same MO, it becomes clear to Harry that both the local police chief and his new love interest (guess who) know more than I say. In order to make things even more complicated, the one-time rapists realize who hunts them and starts to hit hard. "Sudden Impact" offers tireless action from start to finish. Clint Eastwood directed this film himself and dealt with a series of tracks culminating in a fascinating climate. Sondra Locke's performance effectively transmits the mixture of ruthlessness and fragility that defines his character. That being said, it is right to ask whether another actress (who was not Eastwood's companion at the time) could have brought much more charisma and dramatic weight to the role - Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd. Members of the band who hold their fist far beyond their weight include Albert Popwell as Harry Horace's partner, Paul Drake as Mick's psychopath and the really sneaky Audrey J. Neenan, portraying Ray Parkins. <br /> <br /> However, the movie has some notable problems - some of the subplots (the animosity between Harry and a twentiesomething hoodlums band, a Mob vendetta against him) take too much time on the screen and do not really anything wearing the bigger story. Their only real use is to raise the number of bodies to absurd levels. In the first half of the movie, sometimes it appears that Dirty Harry shoots people more often than they need to use the toilet. However, the film moves to the top as it progresses, and triangular cat and mouse play between Callahan, Spencer and her former tortures is important. This second hour clarifies that a narrower and slightly reorientated scenario would have given the "Sudden Impact" the potential of being a first-class thriller in the neo noir style that could have brought the series to new levels, more than enough 44 magnum heroes to meet Harry's loyalists. Instead, we get the film that Eastwood and Warner Bros. they clearly wanted it - an extremely executed action film, but prototypes, which mostly trigger a challenge to the intelligence of the desired audience. <br /> <br /> This was by far the biggest cashing of the series at the box office and it is not hard to see why. Although not the movie that it could have been, this is still great fun, fun. Even after repeated views, he will do the day.
