In 1971 Don Siegel's "Dirty Harry" masterpiece, Clint Eastwood was the unorthodox, super-tough, super-cool cinematographer, acting as "Dirty" inspector Harry Callahan. Two sequels followed, including the first one, "Magnum Force," turned on the politically exciting attitude of the first one who fueled many critics, but excited the audience. The second sequel, "The Enforcer," was again tougher and was promoted as "Harry's Dirtiest of All". This title, however, really does belong to the fourth film of the series, Clint Eastwood's own "Impact Sudden", which is undoubtedly the dirtiest, the most uglious, the most violent and the most bold of all of Harry's movies, and the best of the original masterpiece. <br /> <br /> *** Attention! SPOILERS ahead! *** In a small town near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Locke) attracts people to be alone with her. What these people do not know is that that mysterious beauty is their raped victim, wanting bloody revenge. As far as fate, the toughest policeman in San Francisco, Inspector Dirty Harry Callahan, who was suspended once again to upset his superiors, spends his spare time in this little town exactly ... "Sudden Impact" is the dirtiest Callahan movie in several respects. The film is extremely tough and violently graphic. Harry Callahan himself is more dirty than ever. He is not afraid to use his 44. Magnum, in order to stop the trouble, treats punk to be treated and even allows a person to escape with more crimes because revenge crimes are justified in his opinion . Clint Eastwood is, as always, brilliant in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood caught the cold and vengeance of "The Unnamed Man" in Sergio Leone's Dollar Trilogy and made it back to Dirty Harry. "Sudden Impact" gives us the most dirty Harry I've ever seen. Eastwood's girlfriend, Sondra Locke, fits well into the role of beauty revenge. Great Baby Hingle, who has already worked with Eastwood in Ted Post's western "Hang 'Em High" in 1986, plays the head of the small town police. In addition, the film includes a wide range of truly clever characters, including a pathetic killer played by Kevin Major Howard (best known for his role in Stanley Kubrick's "Jacket Full Metal") and a woman named Ray Perkins Audrey J. Neenan) is undoubtedly one of the most disgusting and disgusting female characters in cinematography. Albert Popwell, who played bank robbery in the famous "Feel Lucky?" scene in "Dirty Harry" and black military leader in "The Enforcer" is also a part of this again, this time as Harry's colleague and friend. Overall, "Sudden Impact" is the dirtiest, dirtiest and probably the most violent of all the "Dirty Harry" films (although "The Dead Pool" is not impressed), and the second favorite after the brilliant original in 1971 An absolute must-see for Callahan fans, and highly recommended to all lovers of police thrillers and bad-assy cinemas. My Rating: 8.5 / 10
