Clint Eastwood will play again as Detective Harry Callahan, but will also direct his fourth entry to the Dirty Harry series. "Sudden Impact" again, like the other additions, brings its own style and distinctive tone, but if it is something most akin to the original in darker and more frightening moments (and offering a classical line "Continue, make me the day" ?? but some of his humor must be seen to believe. A bulldog ?? called chicken that carries and smokes. Oh yes. However, an interesting fact that this entry was only one in series to not set it entirely in San Francisco. The story follows that of Detective Callahan trying to put the pieces together of a murder if the victim was shot in the groin area and then between the eyes. After he got into a problem with the office superiors and caused an agitation that has some criminals of the crime, after his blood. He has been ordered to take his leave, but falls into one who works in the city where he heads to a coastal town in San Paulo, where a similar crime has occurred in the veins (bullet in the groin and between the eyes) in the case or. There he begins to dig dirt, which leads to the idea of ​​someone seeking revenge. To be honest, I was not all of the hot accidents at Eastwood's, but after many repetitive views it's basically grew me to the point of being probably par with the first sequel "Magnum Force." This well-assembled plot gives Eastwood another working angle (even if it resembles a sophistication of the vigilant features that is currently unfolding), quite literally, with something punishing but damaging. It's like experimenting with character-oriented noir-thriller touches to help develop the emotional blockage and eventual morality framework. The use of images is durable due to its precious atmosphere. Dark shades, clumsy illumination? such as the scene to the end, similar to a Western appearance of a silhouette figure (Harry with his new .44 automag pistol) heading for stunning prey on fishing docks. It is a striking view that builds fear! Cool cold mixing with simple brutality and humor. It seemed he was out. A major addition to these films are the dialogues, while I will not first name "Impact Sudden", offer ample exchanges of bites and memorable trusted lines? "You are a legend in your mind." You do not like to hear Harry barking a funny piece before he takes off his piece. The act of beating when it is exciting is offensive and intense? the only way to go and pacing flies a little in the way of flat passages. Lalo Schfrin will return as a composer (after "The Enforcer" had Jerry Fielding's score) bringing a funky methodical blow, which still inspired those grim storms at a breezy textual score that clicked from the beginning. the work behind the shooting room (where he did a job with "Dirty Harry") and offers the film a lot of possibilities by fitting beautiful backgrounds into a few impeccable scenes of tracking, as well as tooling angles in those dramatic moments. Eastwood and the dinosaur Callahan incorporate yet another shot, surpassing only that glow to do their job, and probably showing a little more heart than expected from a young Callahan. I tried to try and give Harry a righteousness, even if he does not always agree with him. I see that it is a strange real change of heart. Behind him is Beau's amazing performance at that time Sondra Locke E turn of the traumatic torment (being raped meaningless with her younger sister) is hidden by a tranquil intensity. When anger is released, it is tactical in its outcome. Paul Drake is perfectly threatening and dirty, being one of the rightful thugs, and Audrey J. Neenan creates a repulsive and expensive performance. These people are really a heap of septic. Pat Hingle is robust as head of the small coastal city. In the smaller parts are Bradford Dillman and Albert Popwell, usually strong (a regular series in the 1-4 series, but under different characters). How can you look at Dirty Harry? Yes, he is a bank thief, who is at the end of the quote of the trademark "I feel lucky? Well, yes, punk?"
