This final entry into George Lucas STAR WARS's films is often considered to be the poorest of the batches. However, this does not mean that it is an absolutely no-value entry in series. On the contrary. Sure, it's not as innovative as its predecessors and a bit slower sometimes, but RETURN OF JEDI still offers plenty to justify the admission price. The first third of the movie, where Luke and his friends save Han from Jabba Hutt's palace, is a classic. Jabba, a really disgusting swollen meat stain, who speaks in his tongue, not only makes a big villain, but also a memorable one. It must have been a nightmare to build this huge puppet, much less give it the sparkle and the life we ​​see on the finished product. In fact, what makes this fun sequence also is the smart use of puppets for the various members of Jabba's court, including the terrible monster of Rancor and the scary monster Sarlaac. It builds up to the climax and shoots punches all the time. Things become a bit slower around the second act, in which Luke discovers that he and Leia are blood-related, and when we travel in the woods the planet Endor, the strange and stubborn house of the Ewoks. Most of the complaints about RETURN JEDI that I read seem to be centered on these gentle creatures, by somehow destroying the tone of the arrow. I do not quite agree with this, though this time is probably played a little longer than it should. However, their leader, Wicket (played by Warrick Davis), is a delightful, memorable creation, and seeing how imperial troops live with their simple, natural weapons, offers a beautiful contrast. we reach the third act, but the rhythm resumes again as the Ewoks struggle against the troops, the Lando and the rebel forces that launch an attack against the second half of the Empire's graduation, and the last showdown Luke's with Darth Vader and the Emperor. The latter is linked to the Jabba Palace sequence as the climax of the film. Mark Hamill flexes his chopper again like Luke Skywalker in these scenes and follows him as a Jedi Knight singer for unforgettable performance. Also as iconic as James Earl Jones's voice as Darth Vader, he is rivaled only by the Coroner-like Emperor, played with the delicious, frightening evil of Ian McDiarmid. The tension between this trio increases the enthusiasm of this climatic moment, which is properly lighted and darkly undermined in a threatening manner. STAR WARS movies have always set standards for special effects, and technical work in RETURN OF THE JEDI can easily hold a candle to its predecessors. Space fights are as exciting as ever, and tracking speed through the forest is a knockout. Of course, since this film was made after A NEW HOPE and EMPIRE STRIKES BACK, it probably should not be so surprising that the special effects have reached even greater levels of excellence. The act is a classic STAR WARS tariff; Hamil, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher mature and deepen their roles, and Anthony Daniels offers funnier moments like C-3PO. Frank Yoda appears only in two scenarios, but he does everything. And, yes, there's John Williams' music. However, while RETURN JEDI collapses a little in the middle, the first and third acts are made in style, making this a satisfactory final one of the largest segments in history. In 1997, George Lucas resumed the classic STAR WARS in Digitally Restored (and Renewed) Special Issues that included added effects and / or photos and some improvements. Of the three, RETURN OF THE JEDI seems to have provoked the biggest turmoil with STAR WARS fans. Perhaps it may be due to a jarringly out-of-place (though funny if you are not so easily offended) the "Jedi Rocks" musical number in the Jabba Palace, which, although technically amazing, interrupts the flow of the film. However, we did it as end-stage scenes where we see the victory festivals taking place on the different planets of the galaxy. This version of DVDs has a much more detailed performance - we will see more finishing scenes (especially Naboo, where we hear Jar Jar Binks calling screaming, "Wesa free!") And perhaps the most controversial change , Hayden Christensen as Anakin Skywalker's Spectacular in Closure Scenes. Probably as a result of the intense (and unfair) disdain that fans have for his work somewhat unclear in EPISODE II: ATTACK OF CLONES, it seems that fans will put this edition only for this. However, if you chronologically watch (and contemplate) the STAR WARS saga, it is possible to react slightly differently. However, it's a problem that fans have raised, so it's probably best to be warned in advance. As beautiful as releasing Lucas from the original versions of these three classic films, what he said about these revamps being the "definitive" editions of his classical trilogy, and when he watched STAR WARS movies totally as a complete saga (as Lucas intended), it actually makes sense to keep them technically and phonetically. Original movies will always be engraved in our memories, but these new incarnations are just as amusing if we can give them a chance.
