Clint Eastwood's director / concert "Sudden Impact" is an exciting addition to the "Dirty Harry" series - a combination of raw film and genius. It is mediocre and foolish in parts, brilliant and classic in others, with a compelling, captivating rhythm. There are many echoes of the first movie here - the movie "Make Me Days" reminds you "You're lucky" one, one of the villains is as viscerally repulsive as Scorpio of the first film, an actor who played Minor Baddie first returns here as a partner of Harry's - just to name a few. Harry Callahan is still in contradiction with the department's superiors, still means he's still hard, but now he's older and more tired. His constant conflicts with his superiors are a metaphor of his internal conflict - respect and respect for the law toward the desire to serve the pure spirit of justice, and the two things are not always compatible. This "incompatibility" is the main subject of the series. The first film asked a simple question: "But the rights of the victim?" - (Are they bigger than those of the killer? Instead, depends?). The film's response was controversial, causing a sequel ("Magnum Force", which was very enjoyable) to trace the line between Harry's mark of Justice and pure, heartless vigilance. Dirty Harry, like many other roles of Clint, is the personification of revenge, the protector of the defenseless. This film brings back the victim, in this case Jennifer (portrayed by Sondra Locke), who decides to avenge her rape and her sister now incapable of hurrying and executing ritualistically the men (and a woman) committed crime. Without going into a game along the entire movie, I will say this - I mentioned earlier that "The Sudden Impact" echoes the first film - in fact also spouts in a few references and jokes of the whole series (confusion with look at the captain's surname is an example - an intentional joke, I think). The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is neat - has a hero of a dishonest policeman found a soul mate in this vigilant lady? And is she a vigilant woman or a justifiably victim standing for her and her sister's violated rights? The exchange between these two at the end of the film is a poetic debate of the series, which I personally (like a fan) found quite moving. This last scene makes Sudden Impact the culmination of the "Dirty Harry" collection, the perfect response to the conflict presented in the first film. (Not to beat "The Dead Pool" - this great movie was a relatively easy, suspenseful but comic thriller with Harry Callahan, rather than a movie that defines it). well in theaters - Reagan audiences found Harry and his idiot quite appealing, and the president himself frequently quoted "Go, make me the day."
