It's a strange thing to see a movie where some scenes are working poorly (if only in comparison with other films in her legacy) and others in a story or support story are surprisingly challenging and powerful. Sudden Impact is one of those cases where Clint Eastwood, as a star / producer / director, shows when he can be the best or his discoverer when dealing with a crime / mystery / detective story in his fame Harry Dirty. We come to that line of "do my day," and as in the first film in which his speech "I feel lucky" was playful and cold for the first time and the second time at the end of the hard nails, here it is changed. He enters another mess with the department, as usual, when he tries to fight crime "in his own way", especially with a robbery (inspiration for Pulp Fiction?) And with a high-speed trip with a senior bus citizen. He was told to "take a vacation," and this is the last thing he has in mind. The whole main plot is not very convincing except for storytelling and lines, which just adds to frustration. But soon his story is mated with the sub-plot that Eastwood has developed from the beginning. Enter the character of Sandra Locke, Jennifer Spencer, whom I learn soon after a few mysterious scenarios she and her shy sister have been victims of a cruel and unfair sex attack (error, rape) and are thin undercover revenge. Her scenes and her story are the most powerful parts of the film, the most intense, and eventually when she enters Callahan's story (he does deeds in the same small town where he is in a crime), the film finds finally a concentration between Eastwood's well-defined well vs. bad (though sometimes unclear, sure). Eastwood shoots flashbacks, not to say much about them, experimentally, in a fresh, experimental style; the Lalo Schifrin score mark is absolutely atmospheric in these scenes and in others. It seems that a few times a sensibility in the art house has slipped into the style of Eastwood's storyteller, which made the movie to be watched. It is a shame, however, that it ultimately goes further for the expected (or can not be expected) points, and until the third act, Callahan has nothing to do with the usual one, "It's iron ... Wesson ... and me." However, with Locke, he comes out of it in a very good performance (more subtle and tougher than that in Gauntlet) and an interesting climate in a fun park. Somehow, and I do not agree with Ebert's remark that it's like an Eastwood-style video clip here. I admit there are comparisons with the simplicity of the two, targeting, but scenes in which Eastwood does not have a pause shape are superior to those of any musical video. It's camouflaged, it's alright, it's not in parallel with the first two "Harry" pictures, but hey, it could be worse ways to spend hours with the master .44.
