*** After two such excursions ("Magnum Force" and "The Enforcer"), Dirty Harry seems to regain his step in "Sudden Impact," a thriller that frames wisely playing at its strong points: his charisma Clint Eastwood, who also directed a story that spends a lot of time in the exhibition and keeps the energy for big scenes. outside his hometown San Francisco (where he faces again with his superiors for his tactics of "shoot first, ask questions later") at the San Paulo Castle. There (a warning: a potential spoiler), a group of fugitives is murdered in a suicidal manner once by a woman whom they bombed years ago, and whose sister was in a state of catatonia since the attack. /> <br /> The killer is portrayed by Sondra Locke and makes Jennifer Spencer's character an interesting mixture of compassion and cold blood. Locke's cold and gentle eyes, whether trying to caress her hospitalized sister or give revenge on rapists, are very effective in painting a portrait of a wounded woman whose years of suffering and anger begin to give dead fruits. > <br /> Violators are a disparate group, especially the leader, who has a "psycho nutjob" practiced on the forehead, and a lesbian who seems to be almost one of the boys, despite his anatomical incapacity to participate. Retrospective scenes, while not explicit in terms of graphics, are pretty scrupulous and clearly intend to make Jennifer cheer on how she kills her attackers. Some will give up "Sudden Impact" as garbage: a story of manipulative revenge. At a certain level, this is true, but it is a well-done trash. What works to the advantage of the film is the power of Sondra Locke's performance, giving us a complex character whose wounds are more noticeable in her paintings than in her gestures or speeches. What we have here is an action movie with a point of view. You can take or let the idea that some mistakes are worth being punished by whatever means necessary, but as the mystery behind the murder becomes clear to Harry (an understanding that is not wisely explained through dialogue), he is presented with a choice - what should be done in relation to a killer whose motivations he can sympathize with, but whose behavior is legally bound not to tolerate. This makes the story more interesting than Harry Dirty's usual fare. The best quality of the film is Eastwood's direction. This is, after all, a Dirty Harry movie and Eastwood knows the character better than anyone else. The film is guided in style and spirit, and edited to give action scenes a great pleasure. Some of Harry's best moments in the series are here, including Harry's most famous line, "Continue - Make My Day." "Sudden Impact" is a film that has the courage of his beliefs in presenting a story about a clever crime and the brutal consequences that follow. It's also a riveting story, well done and well said. And it certainly is never boring. With regard to these criteria, it is a long way off.
