After Star Wars: A New Hope has redefined science fiction and Empire Strikes Back has redefined Star Wars, it is hard to believe that the third final movie of this trilogy can be as good as the other two , but it really does a nice job. The first part of the film solves the left embarrassment of the previous one, with an elaborate escape plan that is in line with the incredible suspense and action of the first two films. Then the film moves back into the rebel alliance and what happens during the war. There is a lot of action in the scenes building up to the final confrontation of the rebellion with the Emperor. When the battle begins, the audience is already at the edge of the seats of everything that leads to it, and this final battle is even more intense than the other films. This climax is certainly more dense than any other part of the trilogy, most of which is at stake for the rebellion. This continuously changes between a racing on the ground between the rebel crew on the ground (including Han Solo, Chewbacca and Leia), the space fight (including Lando), and a confrontation between Luke and the Emperor on the new Star Death leads to another duel with Darth Vader. It's really intense because the rebels are constantly losing the battle that will determine the outcome of the war and it does not seem to escape. Although I think the idea that Ewoks has a strong warfare force is a little confusing, it did not seem very unrealistic, because it was rather a distraction that rebels could use, but a real threat to stormtrooper, though had some luck fighting them. There is also a twist or two at the end that nobody saw coming, which can not be as amazing as the one of the "Empire is back," but it still ends a very spectacular trilogy. With the luminous tone of "New Hope" and the more sinister tone of "The Empire Strikes Back," this movie really complements them by combining the two in this great final. The "Jedi Return" Special Edition focused on what would have been nice to change, since not much of the original needed it. Fifteen years of advances in technology did not seem to compensate for fifteen years of deterioration in the ranch scene, and there is still the TIE fighter disappearing occasionally, but besides, it was good. Not seeing Sarlaac's mouth, who was unharmed, was given a tentacle in motion and a huge head of trap that had appeared, which had certainly added suspense. Also, the disco was pulled out of Jabba's palace, and the blade's ending of the original was replaced by a giant victory over the entire galaxy instead of a small village called Ewok, which was the case of the original and does not end with true a story so great as it deserves. It's hard to say which of the three movies was the best, but since everything is part of the same story, the total trilogy is like a great and remarkable film. A third must see them for film fans.
