The vigilant has long held a fascination for audiences, as it evokes a sense of quick and secure justice; the good triumphs over evil and the evil guy become his desert. It's actually one of the things that made Dirty Harry Callahan's character (as interpreted by Clint Eastwood) be so popular. He carries a badge and works within the law, but to the heart, Harry is a vigilant, respecting his "way" of justice, which often puts him in conflict with his superiors as well as with the offenders he pursues. But it is what attracts the audience; whoever has ever been stuck in bureaucratic nonsense of one kind or another, enjoys seeing someone cut through bureaucracy and continue with it - even if it's just on screen. And that satisfaction that derives from the fact that justice has been done - and quickly - is one of the elements that makes Eastwood's "Sudden Impact" successful. In this fourth part of the series, while working on murder, Harry encounters a bona fide vigilant at work-a person whose justice mark is similar to his own, with one exception: whoever it is, certainly does not wear a badge. In his own inimitable way, Inspector Callahan once again arrived on the bad side of the department and was ordered to take some holiday time. So he does it; that just "Dirty Harry" can. In a small town north of San Francisco, Harry is in the midst of a homicide case that quickly binds to a recent San Francisco crime because of M.O. committed by the perpetrator. Unconsciously, Harry is resisting the Chief of Local Police, Jannings (Pat Hingle), who advises him to take his tactics and methods in other cities. No one will be discouraged, but Harry continues his investigation, which eventually involves a talented young artist, Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Gradually, Harry discovers a link between the victims; the burning question, though, is the place where Jennifer Spencer falls into the picture? Eastwood is top-rated here in front of and behind the camera, and is undoubtedly the second best of the five, behind the original "Dirty Harry." It's been seven years since last offer, "Harry" ("The Enforcer," 1976), but Eastwood is back in the character with refreshed facilities and energy. And he certainly benefits from the fact that he has it in the director's chair because he is able to recover the essence of not only his own character but also the "spirit" that made these films so successful and he does it by knowing territory and establishing a continuity that all wipes out that seven-year gap between # 3 and 4. As in all the films it directs, Eastwood sets a deliberate rhythm that works perfectly for this material and creates a voltage high enough to be exciting and involve from the beginning to ending. The scenario, by Joseph Stinson, is well written and formulated for that distinctive Dirty Harry style; dialogue is fast and the story itself (designed by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is the most interesting of the original "Dirty Harry," because it strives to play on the personal aspects of drama, all in action . The characters are well-drawn and convincing, and of course this is the movie that gave us one of Harry's best phrases: "Go ahead, make me your day ..." <br /> < Harry, Clint Eastwood perfectly embodies all the elements that make this character so popular: He lives through a personal moral code, a true individual made from the kind of things we imagine as the pioneers who have established this country and have made America what it is today. Harry personifies that sense of freedom and justice that we all strive for and we hold so dear, maybe even more today than ever. No matter who we are or where we come from, it is undeniably a part of us who wants to be Harry, or at least have him around. "Dirty Harry" is an icon of cinema, and it is impossible to imagine anyone except Eastwood, who interprets it; for better or worse, Eastwood is' Dirty Harry, no doubt just as Sean Connery is James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. Sondra Locke is fully effective here as Jennifer Spencer, a young woman wronged and out for revenge or, as she sees it, "justice." It manages to bring a sharp determination of vulnerability to its character, with a convincing, introspective approach that goes far beyond what is typical of the genre of "action." Even in the midst of violence, Locke focuses on Jennifer and the traumatic events that brought her to this stage of her life. Her portrait is a perfect addition to Harry Eastwood and becomes something of philosophy and action from his counterpart. In support of the roles, two shows are remarkable: Paul Drake, like Mick, creates the best "psycho", since Andy Robinson's dynamic portrayal of the serial killer in the original "Dirty Harry." With a very limited screening time, Drake sets up a truly hopeless presence that is credible and convincing, which adds much to the audience's purely visceral response. This is the guy you can not wait to see Harry at last. Effective is Audrie J. Neenan, who makes his character, Ray Parkins, the symbol of the proverbial "low life," which can be found in any bar in any city. It is a show that evokes an intestinal response and adds a lot to the credibility of the film as it helps to provide the necessary sense of realism. Supporting speeches include Albert Popwell (Horace), Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Mrs. Kruger). With a perfect mix of drama and action, `Sudden Impact 'frees up justice, which is a time-consuming respite; a perfect justice of a world that is not so perfect, meaning a satisfying kinematic experience. 9/10.
