Who says that zombies can not be turned into useful members of the community? Of course, not the "Fido" producers, who never go to a version of the land of the 50s, where the undeadists turned into mercenaries and servants of the growing middle class. Timmy Robinson is the American boy who becomes emotionally attached to the newly interned newcomer - a newly resurrected zombie whom Timmy called Fido affectionately. All this was made possible by Zomcom, a big brother-type organization that found a way to make zombies (which were initially brought to "life" by radiation from outer space) manageable and docile - at least most. This twist and modern spin on the TV series "Lassie" - might have been easily titled "A Boy and his Zombie" - takes on a salty relay in such an early '60s as an obsessive social confidentiality (here keeping-with-Joneses means having more zombie servants than those near the door), sterility of suburban life, corporate control of civic affairs, small town corruption, and family nuclear values ​​- all played in a beautifully designed décor-colored décor houses and lawns imaculately manicured. The film does not hurt the audience overhead with its message, nor does it engage in an endless hyperbole to generate laughter. Instead, it is a subtle subtle satire that generates appreciative chic rather than stomach full of abdomen. Much of the humor derives from the incongruity between quiet attitude and cavalier attitude toward death, demonstrated by loyal citizens of the community (Life Magazine was replaced by a periodical called Revista Death). In spite of graphic violence, the film remains true to the spirit of innocence we generally associate with the 1950s, as well as the horrible, low-budget films that were part of the pop culture scene of that decade. > <br /> K'Sun Ray, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker are amiable and appealing as Timmy and Cleaver-esquire's parents (with little subtotals), while Billy Connolly performs the almost impossible task of bringing a great part of humanity and depth of the role of a risen corpse. That might have been Lassie if Timmy's best friend was affected by rabies.
