In the immortal "Shaun of the Dead," we were presented in a London where the weakest, the tallest and the strongest are forced to fight the verses of the corpses, the reanimated corpses of their friends and family. At the end of the film, it is suggested that zombies are made harmless and used as cheap labor. "Fido" shows us an epilogue for "Shaun" established in America in the 1950s, in a "ah ... if ...?" movie. The film is set post-zombie-apocalypse for a change; after the terror of the zombie wars, ended with the creation of ZomCon and their patented zombie necklaces, making the corpses docile as lambs. Every city in the world is fenced out of the wild, the once fertile landscape torn by the zombies and surviving survivors of the apocalyptic wars. The idyllic town of Willard is your typical 50-year-old suburb with a small difference; social status is measured by a family of domestic zombies. Unfortunately, the Robinson family has no zombies, thanks to Bill's patriarch, the fear of rehoming death. Timmy Robinson and her mother Helen suffer from suburban life pressures until the day Helen buys a zombie servant in a desperate attempt to impress the neighbors. Zombie wins Timmy's love when he rescues him from a pair of violent aggressors, and the two form a link to rival the classic "boy-and-dog" cliché ... a boy and a zombie. Timmy calls his pet Fido and soon becomes a help to both Timmy and Helen to get rid of Bill's Bill routine of imprisonment. Robinsons must figure out the link with the wild zombie epidemic and manage to keep their lover Fido. A film whose sharp wisdom and satirical gore bears him as much as his cast of all stars (including "Matrix" Carrie-Anne Moss as Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly as Fido), "Fido" is a zom-com for centuries. With some twisted subtleties-for example, the sweet and unsettling feelings that Helen and Fido start to have for each other-and a poisoning commentary about the 50th suburbs and the zombie genre, the film manages to bring out the worst (and most good) in its characters, while still allowing you to take care of them. "Fido" is by far one of the best dark comedies I've ever seen, one of the best movies I've seen in a long time, and the best zom-com from the incredible "Shaun of the Dead".
