In an alternative to the 1950s, when a strike outbreak (caused by a mysterious "dusty space") was restricted by the use of special electronic collars, a young man, Timmy, finds a friend in Fido (Billy Connelly) quickly becomes a surrogate father for Timmy, whose real father is unable to properly express his love for his son (or for his hot wife at war, played by gorgeous Carrie-Anne Moss) was psychologically scarred as a baby (when he was forced to print his own father who tried to eat it!). Timmy enters a scene of trouble, but when his devastating collar goes in a moment and attacks and kills an old neighbor. With the authorities on Fido's route, beer problems with a pair of local aggressors and his mother making a connection with their help home, Timmy will be able to keep his newly found boyfriend? A revival of the entire schtick zombie, Fido is a funny, delicious and dark comedy that should appeal to anyone with a slightly twisted sense of humor. Taking the Romero zombie lyrics and transplanting them in the 1950s, the American city is a genius crash and the result is simply one of the most original films to address the whole "deadly revival" theme we have seen. <br /> Connelly's Fido is a cinematic worthy zombie in the Undead Movie Hall of Fame, along with the Bloom of the Day of the Dead and return to Dead of the Dead; I do not feel often empathic for a walking corpse, but the performance of Big Yin is so fine that I found myself rooted in the big blue pouch bag! The rest of the cast also offers commendable performances with young K'Sun Ray (Timmy) and Moss who deserve special mention of Ray, because for such a young man, she makes a very special reward and Moss because she is so bloody! This is the third zombie movie I watched this week (others being the terrible planet, somewhat disappointing and fun enough to fly the live death), and to my surprise, it's also the best. Director Andrew Currie has offered genre fans something truly treasured and is a future-oriented talent. 8.5 out of 10, rounded to 9 for IMDb.
