OK, I did not know what to expect when I saw the cover on Fido, honestly when I met him in the video store I was tempted to rent this movie, but nothing about it caught my attention. But when I looked around in Netflix, they published this as crazy, if I liked scary movies, so I thought I'd give her a chance. I'm so glad I watched it, it was just a great movie, it was absolutely hilarious and so charming to watch. As I said, is Pleasantville met at Night of Living Dead, is it just a great concept, what happens after a mega zombie attack? As we see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the Dead, they have fun making zombies left as "handy" citizens. This is a horror movie / very smelly comedy, I think a lot of people were just suffocated with Shaun of the Dead, who got the boot. But it's a great story and the cast was perfect and it did in a very funny movie. In an alternate universe in the 1950s, where the radiation from space turned the dead into zombies. This radiation continues to affect humanity, because all those who die after the initial contamination turn into undead. In order to continue living a normal life, communities are fenced with the help of a governmental organization called Zomcon. Zomcon provides collars with companion remote controls to control the hunger for meat flies to serve as slaves or servants. In Willard, a housewife, Helen, buys a zombie, despite his husband Bill's zombie phobia. Their son, Timmy, is friends with the zombie, calling him "Fido". One day, Fido's collar works flawlessly and kills his neighbor by the door, which turns into a zombie. Timmy "kills" the zombie neighbor. When a pair of local aggressors are accused of missing neighbor, they capture Fido and Timmy. Helen comes and saves Timmy and Fido from the thugs and tries to forget everything. A few days later, the neighbor's body is located, and the murder is traced back to Fido, which is taken to Zomcon, where the public is told to be destroyed. Timmy learns through a friend that Fido simply works in a factory in Zomcon. Timmy decides to save him with the help of his neighbor, with a zombie girlfriend, hoping to get Fido back. I really recommend this movie if you have the chance to see it, it's so stupid but really fun. Billy Connelly did a wonderful job like Fido and really brought, he did not want to tell him, a lot of life in character. I think the scene that made me laugh the most was when Timmy had to check out the old lady that Fido attacked and killed her, her last words for her were so funny, "you were not very cute, but did you like the flowers? "and bury it in the garden. Not to mention the neighbor with his zombie friend, sick, disturbing, wrong, but laughs classic. I still like how, although it is about the type of world "Let It Beaver-esquire", there is still a lot of gore in the movie. So if you have a chance to see Fido, take it, I promise you some good laughs. <br /> <br /> 9/10
