As soon as I heard about this movie, I knew I had to check it out. Well, I heard about her, then I found the trailer. After that, then I knew I had to see it. And I'm glad I did. Want to see classic television mixed with zombies? Not? Then it's lost. FIDO is a different movie than anything I have ever seen. In fact, it's kind of like that. It's kind of a Lassie episode and a Zombie movie. Although, when combined, it feels completely new and original. FIDO is about a little boy named Timmy and his new Fido animal. Well, this new pet is not a lucky puppy, no trained steel dog. He's a re-animated dead guy ... a zombie. A large cloud of radiation swallowed the Earth, which led to the growth of all the dead, which led to the Zombie War. Although through the genius of ZomCon's scientist Reinhold Giger, he discovered that if you destroy the brain, the zombie will perish, giving us the edge and victory in the zombie war. Though due to persistent radiation, anyone who dies becomes a zombie. Which can be a problem especially for the elderly. Although Zomcom goes on again with more discoveries, especially with the domestic collar. The collar stops the need for zombie for human flesh and is thus harmless as a pet. But not everything is perfect in this zombie utopia, necklaces break, the elders die and ... and I'll let you take a look at this incredibly unique movement. FIDO is a fantastic idea to accomplish. With an all-star cast, and the big FIDO writing rises above the foremost comedy / horror genre. There are a lot of fun and original situations that really have fun. Although after watching the movie, I personally think the movie would have been better in black and white. In less than 90 minutes the movie does not go too much and moves from stage to stage at a good price. It will probably become a kind of classical cult, because it's not even a big comedy laugh or even a horror movie. It's a comedy / family / zombie movie immersed in the 1950s atmosphere. If you thought everything I said here is interesting by all means, check out this movie. But if you're still on the fence, bend your foot and stay there. 8.5 from 10
