When it comes to creating a universe, George Lucas is the undisputed master, and his latest Star Wars movie is very, very good (and better rated compared to the two previous films in the original saga). After seeing Sith's Revenge recently, he really puts this film in perspective. The final battle seems to be even more climate-friendly knowing what Anakin Skywalker has passed on the Emperor's manipulative hands. Also, the final battle between Luke and Vader is bitter, given the love she felt for Padme and the love she felt for her children. In fact, while new movies (especially Episode II) are inferior to original films, they are good for just one reason. They make old movies look even better. Mark Hamill does an excellent job in this film. He really brings the changes that Luke has gone through to seem real. In all fairness, I think he should have become a great actor based on these movies, because he really does a wonderful job. Harrison Ford is still good. However, you can feel it has made Raiders and Blade Runner between the two final chapters of Star Wars, because he seems to have grown quite a bit. He adds more comedy (obviously inspired by Raiders) to the character who works brilliantly. In short, Han Solo is better than ever. Carrie Fisher has never been a good actress but has a decent job and is certainly acceptable. Ian McDiarmid appears in this movie and after seeing Episode III, I can say he is certainly one of the most successful villains ever. James Earl Jones still offers Vader's voice and he's still very, very good. Regarding the way the movie looks pretty safe to say that the Star Wars universe looks better than any of the previous movies (two), but it has always been Lucas' Forte so it really is waiting. The final fight on Endor is very well done both in terms of general effects and tensions. It was also a nice touch that Lucas decided to have three battles at the same time adding to the global climate tension. <br /> <br /> The only thing I feel is that I'm shooting the film from another merit 9 are the Ewoki. These little creatures are so annoying that they almost destroy every scene they are in. Besides, I think it's a bit of a laugh when a group of archers and arrows plush bear can defeat a squadron of Storm Troopers with laser guns and powerful cars. Everything in the Return of the Jedi is a very good film, but the fact that Richard Marquand is a lesser director than Irvin Kershner makes the movie's overall sense less brilliant. Also, George Lucas's poor decision to add Ewoki to the universe makes the film no brilliance. 8/10
