A year ago, I was watching television news when a story about a zombie film shot in my area was broadcast. Since then we have paid particular attention to this film called "Fido," when he finished production and started playing at festivals. Two weeks ago, Fido started playing in my local theater. And yesterday, I read a newspaper article that said Fido does not attract the public in its limited release, except for our local theater. In fact, all the other shows at The Paramount Theater, including 300, are in retirement. Of course, this makes sense that many locals want to see the city on screen or make their way around them in zombie make- up. And for any other locals who have not seen Fido yet, but they are considering this, I can say there are many screenshots, from school to city park to the forbidden area that you'll recognize. In fact, they make the Okanagan Valley look beautiful. That's a nice beautiful landscape in a zombie movie! However, Fido itself is a very good film. Yes, despite its flaws, it is better than most of the other 20 films played on the local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Lassie in which Collie was replaced by a member of the strigoi. This is an intelligent premise. And the film goes even further, taking advantage of the 1950 accent on the compliance and the play of cold war paranoia that led to McCarthyism. In addition, it is based on the idea that zombies can be tainted or trained that George Romero introduced him for the first time on the Day of the Dead. K'Sun Ray plays a boy who is mother (Carrie-Ann Moss) looking for a zombie servant to be like all the other wives of the houses on her block. However, his father (Dylan Baker) is against the idea because he had to kill his own "zombie father". Eventually, the family acquires a zombie called "Fido" (played by Billy Connolly) and adapts to life with the undead. Billy Connolly was inspired by the cast. He is able to convey Fido's confusion, desire, hatred and loyalty only through his eyes, the cutter's body and the princes. Connolly shows that he can play underestimated characters better than the most comical ones. This is the best part of Mrs. Brown. Fido is following other recent zombies such as Shawn Of The Dead and Honeymoon Zombie. Being someone who appreciates Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae's films more than Eli Roth and Jigsaw, I prefer the humor of gore in my horror. However, I understand the criticism of those horror fans who feel that there is not enough carnage in Fido. However, I'm sure patience spectators will be rewarded with gentle humorous films. The film breaks down in the third act. It's as if the writers were so wrapped up in the cute premise of domesticated zombies in the 1950s, they forgot the story bow. However, given my interest in horror comedies and my appreciation to see the neighborhood on the screen, I note Fido 9 out of 10.
