Long ago, in a far away galaxy ..... was a boy who was only two years old when the original Star Wars movie was released. He does not remember first that he has seen the movie, but he never remembers his life before him. He remembers the first "Star Wars" thematic gift he received ... a box of action-packed shoes from the original set. He was too young to appreciate fully how special this gift was. But many years later, he will get what he is today as one of the best gifts he has ever received: another box full of action figures, ten of the last twelve he had to complete . It is now legendary in this boy's family that the last act of action, Anakin Skywalker, was to be produced and transported to shops, and how this boy went for nearly ten years (until he entered college) trying to pursue her and, in the end, from someone in his bedroom for a bag of beer nuggets (do not ask ... it's a thing at the Northern Illinois University). I can not review Star Wars as a movie. It is absolutely all good, fun and magic about my childhood. There is no separation in my mind of Christmases, birthdays, summers and winters. In winter, my friends and I built snow fortresses and we pretended to be Hoth (I was always Han Solo). The father of our friends built a tree house, which served as the village of Ewok. They also had a huge tree, whose branches were large enough to create a kind of cave beneath, which made a wonderful place to pretend to be in Yoda's house. I am nerabashedly dorky when it comes to "Star Wars" and I think people understand or do not understand or not. I do not get the call "Lord of the Rings" or "Star Trek," but I understand the fan folk watching them because I'm a fan of George Lucas's films. I do not feel the need to defend my opinion of these films as one of the greatest of all time. Every time I put them on the DVD player, I feel like I was eight when my life was simple, and my biggest problem was to figure out how I was going to follow Anakin Skywalker's figure. > <br /> Grade (for the entire trilogy): A +
