Perspective is a good thing. Since the release of "Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace," claiming and claiming claims for Episodes II and III have drawn attention from Star Wars' original films, making them part of a the whole cohesive, rather than the segregation of old and new films in separate trilogies. What new movies have made is to offer fresh perspectives on older movies. This new perspective allows us to appreciate more what has often been regarded as the weakest of the original trilogy: The Return of the Jedi. Often disturbed by its too "cute" factor, ROTJ is so powerful as the original and just a little more impressive than almost perfect "The Empire Strikes Back". Indeed, the ROTJ's "cute" element, the Ewoks, remains a weak link across the series. George Lucas put the blonde cats in the movie just for the merchandising possibilities? Only he can answer this question. This cute factor, the film is a brilliant circle and the evolution of the arrow. Following the end of The Empire Strikes Back, Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) follows the friends of the Rebel Alliance to Tatooine, his home planet to save Han Solo (Harrison Ford), the space pirate turned the rebel hero who was captured by Jabba Hutt for outstanding debts. Skywalker is a man changed from leaving Tatooine with Ben Obi Wan Kenobi (Alec Guinness) to fight the evil empire. Now, totally in black, Luke's discovery of his origins left him confused and torn. His psychological realization is not as strong as suggesting his outward appearance. While he could always help his rebellious friends, he still wants a chance to confront the new evil Darth Vader, despite not destroying him or possibly returning to Dark Side and joining to Vader on the Emperor's side. The early Tatooine scenes are impressive, from the Jabba's lair to its floating palace and the "All-powerful Sarlac" - an intense living in the sand. Lucas CGI's improvements in the film in 1997, in fact, aggravated Sarlac's overall effect, making it seem fake and overworked. The Tatooine battle scene is remarkable and is one of the most memorable saga. Luke almost anonymously canceled Jabba and his friends, demonstrating that his ability as a Jedi is almost close. When Luke returns to the Degobah system to visit Yoda once again, the spectator is left down Yoda's distinct lack of seeing. Undoubtedly, the star of "The Empire Strikes Back," Yoda is completely different from the story, as Luke's destiny is played on the screen. ROTJ is really Luke's movie, maybe even more than the original. His journey bears the film as he approaches Darth Vader and his fate. The other rebellious characters certainly work in his shadow. The Romanticism between Leia (Carrie Fisher) and Solo is nonetheless nonexistent, unlike the Empire. In fact, only Leia's character is developed in ROTJ, Solo's character seems to fade as his personality facials become too familiar in the first two films. Their roles are being sent to work alongside the Rebeli to destroy a new dead star approaching the end. This time the Emperor himself supervises the final stages of construction. The Empire intends to crush the rebellion once and for all, while the Emperor himself intends to bring Skywalker now to his side to work with Darth Vader (or is he replaced?). The Emperor is another kind of evil for this film, less cunning than Star Wars' Tarkin (Peter Cushing), more profoundly psychological than anything else. Played brilliantly by Ian McDiarmid, the Emperor is just one of the characters you love to hate. All the other actors are well rooted in their roles. Hamill surprises Luke as heavier, making the progress of his character from the giggle adolescent, the impatient student at the enlightened warrior, one of the few evolutions of the real character of the series. Ford's role is thin, because all his charm and charisma was spent in the first two films - eventually the real star of the first film. Fisher's Leia is more than one end, at least until the end of the movie, where he learns about himself that he was never sure ... Add favorites like Alec Guiness as Kenobi, Yoda and Chewbacca, C-3PO and R2D2 and the series resembles a family more than a caste. Despite the forest battle of the movie involving the Ewoki and the Empire, it ends well and includes a three-way battle sequence: Endor, Space and Death Star, each with particularly impressive effects. Music, as always, is brilliant and perfectly captures the mood in each case. As the "Blue Danube" worked perfectly for "2001: A Space Odyssey," John Williams' score is as important as the Star Wars folklore as the swords of light and Force. ending with the interpretation, which means that several episodes could have been made. Indeed, science fiction fans have created their own versions of Episodes VII, VIII and IX in their head over and over again. ROTJ works when a chance is given, and nice cute animals are also a good finish for the series. When all six episodes will be seen together, this saga might be the best ever made. It is already? Adding Episode I has changed the landscape of the series. That is why "Returning the Jedi" can now be seen in a different light and be given a new appreciation nearly 20 years after its release.
