If you like horror movies with lots of blood and gorilla, many moments of scary scary and incomprehensible scenes, climbing agitated death, then point them elsewhere. If you like a quiet horror with thoughts and thoughts that throws blood in favor of a real sense of fear, then Wendigo is for you. Thinking, George pointed out, psychoanalytic wife Kim and their little son Miles head for the snowy country for a long weekend holiday away from the city. On the way, George hits a deer with his car. The deer hunters are not pleased when they find that George has completed his pursuit. In particular, Otis hunted man takes it personally. They followed the family to their holiday home, making sure I saw him. Spies on George and Kim while having sex. He triggers his windows with the rifle when I'm not home, letting them discover the threatening holes in their windows and their walls when they come back. When Kim takes Miles to the drugstore in the city, Miles is attracted to a small sculpture in a display case, carved to resemble a man with a deer's head. A native American man tells Miles that this is Wendigo, a forest spirit that tastes for meat and is always hungry. Miles was home with him, already haunted by the death of the deer the day before. That afternoon, when he and his father get married, George is shot and Miles watches through the woods of a hardly seen creature ... or is he just in shock and imagining everything? An hour later, George is taken to hospital, and Miles, still holding his statue, either loses his dreams, or dreams or goes in a search for a vision where Wendigo returns. This time, the angry eating, the meat that eats the god, part of the deer and part of man - is hunting for Otis, which eventually passed over the edge. Wendigo is a beautiful, almost totally silent movie, but for the wind to scream through the snow-covered trees. Okay, so the monster itself is kind of a fake, but it's a small flaw, more than it's made up of the true sense of tension and fear that squeezes through every frame of the movie and the terrible background of noise, the rural environment. The performances are extraordinary, especially by Jake Weber, as George and Patricia Clarkson, thoughtful and caring, as a sweet, but not nonsense wife. They are a happy couple with their share of common problems, and it is the force of their relationship and their love for each other that makes this movie strong. Watching this movie is often like watching one's own home movies, so realistic are the performances. <br /> <br /> This movie is not for everyone. A lot of people can get bored, waiting for the Lovecraftan beast and the bloody revenge that never comes. We can never be sure that Wendigo really exists, seen as through the eyes of a sensitive child, and later through the eyes of a madman. This is more a psychological drama than a horror movie, but it has more than enough ghastly elements to satisfy fans of subtle horror.
