Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) head for the country for the winter weekend in the lively city of Manhattan. On the way, they hit a dollar and got into the snow. A group of hunters pursuing the dollar came. Instead of helping, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Speredakos), is crazy, because the accident broke his horns. George, Kim and Miles are disturbed by Otis, and even worse, we learn quickly that Otis has learned where they stand. Meanwhile, Miles is given a wendigo (a kind of Indian spirit changing form / monster) by an Indian he only saw. Is Otis a psychopath to get our heroes? Is there wendigos in the forest? <br /> <br /> I can see where Wendigo has a series of problems that attract viewers. It's a low-budget movie, with technical limits that are frequent through it. Much of the movie, and maybe everything, is not really about the title creature. And perhaps the fatal blow to many people has a very ambiguous end with a series of unanswered questions. If you are discouraged by such advice and do not like movies that are meant to think and discuss what it all means, do yourself a favor and avoid Wendigo. Personally, I like movies like this. I usually prefer a certain ambiguity. Wendigo's marketing is aimed at those who want a fast, frightening creature filming where a big battle is expected with a supernatural monster that is finally defeated and everything is easily linked except for an opening for Wendigo 2: Monster Returns, but that's not the movie. Wendigo is much more careful and poetic than the surface of such a creature would suggest to most people. Heck, writer / director Larry Fessenden even has a character, George, reciting Robert Frost. Frost's poetry and George's comment that Frost can evoke complex images and atmosphere from seemingly simple things is the key to the film. One of the best things about film is its complexity. In a way, there are four different films that appear at the same time, a thread of each character. In George's thread, he is not even the happiest or the most pleasing guy in the world and has some parents problems. For him, the film is a realistic, horrible discovery of his life, from evil to evil. In Patricia's thread she seeks the rejuvenation of her life and family. She is a psychologist who rather deny the problems around her, hoping they will leave and they will be better. In Otis, he is even more fortunate than George, and George's arrival in his life symbolizes the last "crack" in his psychological armor. And in Miles's thread, which is probably the most important film, life is like a great poem because of its youthful innocence and world interpretation. But this is a horror story, after all, though one with a brilliance of hope, and the events in the film give Miles a poetic interpretation of a dark turn. However, when everything is said and done, he seems to be the only one who keeps his calm, thanks to the poetic perspective. Even if the movie has a low budget, there are plenty of well-executed larger budget ambitions. Fessenden and photo director Terry Stacey find some great photos in beautiful locations and have created some interesting slideshows such as montages (such as the wendigo books or Indian images in the book). There are also more traditional monster scenes, such as Miles's Nightmare. Wendigo is better shot and edited than many big budget movies. Other technical issues are good for the budget. The appearance of "Wendigo" at my end worked for me and was accordingly ambiguous. Enlightenment was usually good - several times the dark scenes were not as clear as it could, but it seemed to be more of a problem with the film stock (it could have been digital) or the transfer. I thought the performances are good and much more realistic (if you value that) than most movies. Although I did not really notice the score, it should have been ok or I would have noticed it with a negative judgment. Generally, Wendigo is a great movie that deserves to be watched without preconceptions, as long as you do not mind thinking about the movies you are watching.
