A remarkable example of cinematic alchemy at work with a trite'neurgid knot of lead script (written by the numbingly mediocre Hollywood hack nonpareil Jole Schumacher, no less), being magically transformed into a piece of wonderful brilliant choice 24-Carat Gold Musical Drama Thanks to the bold direction, fresh hiring performances, spot-on production values, a 50-year-old New York flavored recreation, an effervescent roll-on-the-punch mourning tone, and a rhythm with truly great and blues high score Curtis Mayfield. <br /> <br /> The story, vaguely based on the real life facts of the Supremes, difficult documents prosaic climbing rags-to-riches three, poor girl black teenage singers with bright eyes who desperately despair to escape their ratty, ghetto ungrateful and make him great in the razzle-dazzle world of commercial R & B music. All the obvious pratfalls of instant wealth and success - eGOS run destructively amoc, drugs, corruption, fighting to preserve integrity, and so on - are predictably scrolling farther, but fortunately uniformly excellent work obviously in other departments of the film almost completely cancels the flat, uninspired plot of Schumacher. The first-rate actor helps a lot. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Dwan Smith are sensationally sexy, vibrant and appealing guides - and great singers at the boot. Comparable fine shows are also turned into a charming guy's premier "Miami Vice" Philip Michael Thomas as a group patient, managerial manager, Dorian Harewood as an aggressive love poacher McKee, dog dog, and baddy blaxploitation perennial Tony ("Hell Up in Harlem," "Bucktown") The King as a seductive, gangster, unpleasant opera, cold stone. Goals tune and agree with funny and painful melancholy and without ever jumping a cheerful drunk, evolving abilly in a brilliance, exalting for the extraordinary capacity of the human spirit to overcome effectively extremely difficult and intimidating odds. <br /> <br /> Veteran editor Sam O'Stern is gorgeous in his directorial debut. Bruce Surtees, the bright cinema and Gordon Scott's expert editing are both. A firm understanding of O'Stern's age-old atmosphere, a charming little eye, but with little detail and an inherent sense of agitated and uninterrupted rhythm, are just as impressive. Do not be fooled by Curtis Mayfield's soundtracks. "Jump", "What can I do with this sensation," "Givin 'Up," "I take my precious hand," "Lovin you baby" and "Look in your heart," are all terrible, , with the love of "Something He Can Feel", which was later covered by Aretha Franklin and En Vogue. The net result of all the above-mentioned attributes shows convincingly that sometimes it is not the scenario as much as what was done with the scenario, which in turn determines the sterling quality of the film.
