It was an interesting double experience. For some reason, the greatest scientific mind of the 20th century has never been the central figure in a movie *. The closest can be considered films with Einstein in them are CHAMPAIGN FOR CAESAR where (as a "deus ex-china") is heard the great man who clarifies a point on a radio questionnaire show, so Ronald Colman is proven gave the right answer to all and to BULLHOT, where the great Albert is one of a dozen physicists and scientists who are drugged with cannabis by the villain who intends to steal some of their cars. It is noteworthy that in these two cases and in IQ we are dealing with comedies. Until now, no one has tried to make a serious film about Einstein's life, such as John Huston's attempt to make one on FREUD with Montgomery Cliff. I think it's too hard for the world of mathematical equations or the secrets of electromagnetic field theory to become an interesting dialogue. But now, just three years ago, Russell Crowe and Christopher Plummer have done a MINIMUM. Maybe nobody really tried. (* Afterwards, after I wrote this, I remembered the successful comedy YOUNG EINSTEIN with Yahoo Serious about ten years ago, but this is an exception and it was a spoof.) The other surprise was the actor who played the great Albert. It was Walter Matthau, taking here time away from the series of films he made with Jack Lemmon in the last decade of their career. Matthau was a very talented and talented character actor, both in comedy and drama, but normally his personal characters were variants of THE FORTUNE COOKIE "Whiplash Willie" Gingrich. They were connivers and gonifi. Later, they tended their criminal inclinations, because I grew up to like them, but they remained scary. But Albert Einstein happens to be really sweet. More like Kotch than Willie Clarke. He plays Albert as a good old uncle Albert. It seems Matthau's Einstein lives in Princeton with his granddaughter Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan), and she sees a drunken professor named James Morland (Stephen Fry). But Fry's car needs repair and drive it to the car shop where Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) works. Robbins falls for Ryan, who is attracted to him - but finds that he lacks the mental equipment he admires. The old uncle Albert, helped by his three friends (Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher and Gene Saks), decides to assist Robbins and make him a seemingly unrecognized physics genius. This will open the doors of romance between him and Ryan, provided Ryan is impressed and Fry does not spoil things (as he hopes to do). The atmosphere is sweet, like when Matthau and his friends are a super physics test, which helps Robbins keep quiet (by changing the positions of their bodies). Eventually, the plot leads to a clear lie that Robbins has built a atomized rocket ship - which brings a nation figure to President Eisenhower (Keene Curtis). a charming comedy and an interesting stretch for Matthau in that he was not as hyper, as normal, but much more submissive.
