About 1986 I saw the movie accidentally on TV one evening. I was 6 years old. It was similar to my accidental view of the terrible ending of the film "Do not Look At You Now" in 1987. I went to Venice on vacation the following year in silent terror, hoping God my parents would not find out I saw it ! <br /> <br /> I would have thought if my parents knew I was looking at Les Valseuses when I was a kid? Probably I would avoid the subject with my father today, and my mother probably disapproves in later life. I do not know if he wants to see her anyway. From tracking and catching a woman in the block of flats in the first scene to sliding on windy slate mountain roads, I'm also not sure whether this film is a piece of unknown garbage that does not take into account the sexual revolution or is sexy release movie to watch as it happens to you that you can never be so offensive. <br /> <br /> It is certainly violent. She has a violent view of sex, basically no recognition of love. Even breastfeeding a young child turns into an illicit sexual act of exploitation. But the script is very erotic and (I'm so British) I wake up! Does she suck her breasts for her good? This is exploitation. So why do I get a wood? Do men go looking for an older, experienced woman to find an ex-con, mother? I do not know. It ends in a really terrible suicide. I described it to my friend, JB Nelson, who had the courage of the Cannibal Holocaust, and went eeuurrgghh! Without maternal love for this film, the exact opposite. Mutilation where the boys started. Why do I shoot the girl in my leg? Why is he returning to them? Do women have to be punished so they learn what is right from men? I'm thinking of two movies, one of which I'd like to never see, the other makes me want to not be such a tough world. Swept Away / Madonna what a pile of madness never calculates was not so offended that a woman punished for being a woman becomes a slave to the man and maybe Madonna says everyone respects the man ritchie im so annoyed I can not use the punctuation ! Once at a time in America / Leone, why do walnuts? It destroys the path to the joy that I have pursued throughout my life. So close to finding love with Deborah. Now both are destroyed. Why Sergio? Why? There is no rape in Les Valseuses, but a lot of sex and emptiness in abundance, both sexes. Very honest, no headaches. Without any fancy, no smooth Hollywood movement. Jokes, yes. But there is too much darkness and jealousy and scam here to call it a sexual comedy. Forget to wear on a Naked Hairdresser in her Cos Basket she will come back and hook her with your son Ex-con Lover's Vengeant & she will learn how to How From It. <br /> <br /> Two things I can not handle are rape and prison movies. Les Valseuses is not a rape movie! God no one wants to look now! It's a great movie!
