Yeah, you read this, kids. Michael Bay should have studied this film before making any of his "Transformers", which were huge, outdated, too meaningless. "Robot Jox" is better than both and probably costs less than the "Transformers" crew spent on Megan Fox's personal trainer. Fortunately, this little robotic gem, originally known as the film that went bankrupt to Charles and Albert Band Empire Pictures, seems to have developed a cult following over the years. I am happy to remember watching the VHS during its initial video release in the early 1990s, and although some of the Cold War era policies / stereotypes were already overtaken by then (only the fortune of the Troops that Communism would have fallen over time what the film was sitting on a shelf waiting to be released, is it?), it's still a B-Movie movie. They do not do that anymore, or if they do, they go on the Bay route and the CGI stuff in unbearable proportions. For those who are not familiar, here is Robo-Scoop: Somewhere in the future and after a nuclear holocaust, large-scale "wars" have been outlawed. Disputes between nations are now resolved mano-a-mano (or maybe it should be machine-o-machine-o) by a representative on either side battling each other in large shogun warrior robots. Any shooter away from the battle wins for his part. Gary Graham (who will play later to play detective Sykes in the TV series "Alien Nation") plays Achilles, Robot Jock's biggest historian in Marketplace. Achilles was defeated in his latest robot wars (ten being the maximum number of battles before a "Jock" retreat), and at the beginning of the film he faced his homologue in the Confederacy (ie the Russians!), The psychotic Alexander the biggest type of stereotype "evil Russian" from Dolph Lundgren's infamous tower like Ivan Drago in "Rocky IV"). The match is called a draw when Alexander breaks the rules through an illegal robot movement at the last moment and ends not only on embarrassing Achilles, but a killing of an entire spectator in the bargain. A rematch is scheduled to complete the match, but Achilles just wants to leave, close his helmet and continue his life. Rather than breaking the Spoiler's rules revealing much more, I will simply say there is a lot of overturning and transformation behind the scenes and other difficulties for Achilles and his colleague Jox before the two robot titans it finally collides again in the final. I hope I do not make this movie a kind of masterpiece of science fiction because it is not. "Robot Jox" is just fun. I will grant that it is a concept with a higher level than the middle-class SF film, and although budget constraints are occasionally (especially in scenes involving a green triculture) still the best movie ever to come out from Empire / Full Moon Pictures. Battle scenes with the robot are very well done using old school movement modeling techniques, and sets and costumes do not seem to be half in the smallest size. Empire Pictures and director Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon were really shot for the stars with this picture. Unfortunately, it was not much for them (or studio), but at least we have a cool little heckuva movie out of business. Bottom Line: If you want to aggravate aura and visual for 2 hours, feel free to rent a "Transformers" movie. By the end of the year you probably will feel that you have spent all the time watching someone else play a video game. If you want to have a rock'em, robot sock'em good, pick up Robot Jox instead.
