"Matador" is a dark comedy starring Pierce Brosnan, an aging and affair with an American businessman (Greg Kinnear) with a straight and happy arrow in Mexico. Although Julian sardonic (nicknamed "Noble") seems to be a tough guy on the surface, under him is really just a mass of neurosis and insecurity, a man who realizes that his chosen profession has left him alone in the world and friends. So, on his birthday, he gets to Danny, a man who has lived his life playing by the rules, and who is strangely intrigued by Julian's "unconventional" lifestyle. In fact, both men find one on the other person they can only do to want to reach the quieter and frank moments of self-evaluation. Although the film is a bit too reminiscent of "This Analysis" and "Night Run" to feel completely fresh and original, "The Matador", however, earns points for the complexity of its characters and the quality of its act. Brosnan, looking at age and almost exhausted, soaks his teeth as Julian in a way he has never before. Playing a man who seems unable to make a serious connection with another human being, Brosnan is an even more cavalier, then genuine and sympathetic next. He always keeps us away from balance so that humor never becomes mad or obsolete. Kinnear is also excellent as Regular Joe's businessman, who is growing more and more in the Dark Side because his relationship with Julian deepens. Hope Davis does a good job as "Bean," Danny's wife, loyal and loving, who, like her husband, feels intrigued by this mysterious and "dangerous" figure in a world far different from what she knows. /> Sometimes we feel that "Matador" keeps something from us, not even the depth of its situation and premise. At the end it feels a bit too easy, a little too unsubstantial to record the impact it should make. This may be because it is the debut of the most famous film for writer / director Richard Shephard and he has not managed to lose his film yet. However, it is appreciated that he does not always go to the usual and that he focuses well on the two main figures of the play, rarely encountering the trick or light laugh. <br /> <br /> "The Matador" is an unpleasant but generally amusing comedy that hopefully will signal a new phase in Brosnan's career.
