The marriage of Maria Braun (MMB) refers to a German girl (Maria) married to a German soldier (Herman Braun) at the end of the war. After getting married for half a day and one night, Herman is sent back to the front. To accomplish her goals, Maria begins to work at a bar for American soldiers and to meet a black soldier. She said Herman had died on the front and things were developing between her and the American soldier. Herman walked into bed, and after a confrontation between him and the American, Maria murdered the American. Herman admits the murder, ends in jail, and Mary promises to wait for him. The country is in shame; it is seen that people leave everything that is occupied for a cigarette. There are food deficiencies. In short, it is a moment of survival for the most appropriate. In principle, this film promotes Mary's attitudes - those attitudes she allowed in the circumstances mentioned, as a metaphor for the loss of the soul by Germany after losing the war and how to do it. For example, Maria has the next conversation with a merchant (played by Fassbinder himself); the seller is trying to sell Kleist's excellent copy and notes that "Kleist burns quickly, does not provide enough heat for the cold." The seller replies: "This is another way of looking at it. Right now, it's probably right." <br /> <br /> Maria meets with a French / German businessman, Karl Oswald, after meeting in the first class train compartment. She decides to get involved with Karl, "You do not have an affair with me, I have an affair with you." He also takes responsibility in the company and, after a while, has total company confidence. When Karl says, "I think we'll have to wait for a miracle," she says, "I prefer to do miracles, then wait for them." In many words, she became "Mata Hari of the Economic Miracle". In many of Fassbinder's films he tried to expose the psychological processes behind the social mechanisms (see Freud); in other words, he liked to straighten his room to anger, false social mechanisms, pretenders. Maria's direct approach to this film succeeds in conveying this ideology. For example, she calls Karl, and when he picks up the phone, the request is directly to the point "I need someone to sleep." As Fassbinder said, "the emotions people felt did not exist at all and were just a kind of sentiment that we thought we had to be members of society properly." He also noted that his films are anti-emotional. <br /> <br /> I really enjoyed the scene when Karl and Maria meet in the Munich restaurant (apparently frequently visited by Hitler himself). Maria appears in control, and Karl on the lower side, as if Mary's "brutality of honesty" carries him, as if he is no longer completely in the face of the situation. Karl says, "I have to always tell myself that I love life." Mary responds, "This is life is not so, as if we signed a contract to enjoy life and then we go out to eat and talk about food." I think it's also about Fassbinder's attitudes about relationships, never to ever obey anyone. And why would you be if the central issue of most of his films is about "What love becomes in this society? A commodity, a power tool, a weapon." It was noted that it is typical of Fassbinder to have scenes with Maria and Betti going in costly dresses in ruins after the war - with these clothes, essentially, a wrong time. What I think she wanted to present here was those attitudes, when you feel stupid, that "you can always make your makeup and face the day you look great." But Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. Any mistakes made in a movie could only be corrected in the next project. Since finishing the movies (about 4 per year), the way other people have run cigarettes, it's not strange that this movie has some very bad scenes. Peter Marthesheimer, who wrote most of the script, said Fassbinder probably dreamed the whole scene with Maria and the American in the park overnight. <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla is brilliant like Maria. Most of the time, she looks directly at the room. In Maria's words: "It's an unpleasant moment for emotions, but I like that." <br /> <br /> There are different opinions about the end. After Karl died of a hart attack, Herman finally appears. (Herman went to Australia after he got out of prison to become "human again"). After the will was delivered (made to her and Herman in half), Mary forgot to close the gas on the stove when she lit her cigarette and hit Herman and Herman. It's obvious to me that he did this accidentally. At the same time, she must have been shaken when her dreams seem to be fulfilled. She probably felt like she was not herself. She felt as if she had overtaken her.
