Maria Braun got married right in the middle of the fight around her and her husband, Hermann. An explosion broke through the building for the beginning, and she and Hermann had to sign the papers on a heap of rubble on the street. Perhaps this could strike some as a metaphor hard to handle for what is to come: marriage on the stones, so to speak. It is an engagement in which a husband goes to a war and is held in a Russian detention camp, unbridled by Maria, helpless but hopeful and proud, who stands by the depressing debris of the station when some come home , others not, with a sign in the expectation of Hermann. Problems appear, as is the case with Rainer Werner Fassbinder's melodies, and as one of the best and most challenging, we see that Maria (exceptionally beautiful Hanna Schygulla in this role) makes a double face: she will stand by her husband, even if it meant working at a bar for the American GI, and even after hearing from a soldier that Hermann died, he would stay with him while he slept with black GI and was about to wear the child (ie, until a crime reappears and takes the rap to be safe) or works for a German businessman (effectively, sympathetically, Ivan Desny) mistress and ascending company. Mary will do whatever it takes to be successful, but she will always be married. It is hard to say that there is something about Mary that is not fascinating. Money, sex, power, all become interchangeable for Mary. It's like a feminist who has a cake and eats it with a joyous smile: he gets to have a husband, more or less (actually much less until the last ten minutes of the movie), while getting things - a a man who gives it to her whenever possible, a new and expensive house with servants, a secretary, money - that the others around her do not receive because they are already with a man or too weak in the position of getting up anywhere (such as the secretary, played quite interesting by Fassbinder's own mother). Mary is sexy, confident and alone, with an idealized life that opposes a life that should be done in the shade. She tells the two men - the old and sick Oswald - the American soldier and old Oswald - that she likes them and at the same time sticks to those roses that Hermann sends from Canada after being released from prison. She throws a profile that a feminist would like to push, but to understand where she comes from and goes all the time. Fassbinder uses this inherent contradiction and moments with Mary seem to resist the conventions of a melodrama (for example, Hermann, who walks on Maria and GI jubilates and semi-naked, is just a masterpiece of the scene, Mary's reaction is no surprise or but pure happiness to see that he is there not to live alive) to his weapons as a director of such a high-tech technique with a story that should be predictable. But it is not true. It is like a great metaphor for a country that, after the war, could not really go to normality. A few times Fassbinder broadcasts the radio sound in the background and we see that Maria walks around the family house, stirring around her, and the radio talks about a divided Germany about things still anxious about a mess. Perhaps the only way to deal with is the excess, or maybe that's just my interpretation. It is hard to say, indeed, under Schygulla's eyes and eyes, anyway. It's such an incredible spectacle, indeed, one of the shows that reflects the glamor and brilliance of a Hollywood female star, while with the inferior and dirty ethics of a girl on the streets. The best known are the opposite costumes you see in a scene when she is finally with her husband where she plays in one of those super lingerie and high heels and then moves on a dress without to think about it. This is almost the essence of what Mary is, and Schygulla makes her wonderful, a capable, but very pleasant figure who is adored and amazed by the men around her, sometimes in a single sentence. This is what Fassbinder surprises in his first wonderful part of his "trilogy"; While I generally prefer Veronika Voss as a masterpiece, Maria Braun is perhaps as good as a character study, which makes a woman whip and play with (almost) nothing to lose.
