"The student in Prague" is a long-lasting early drama or, rather, an "autorenfilm" (ie an author's film). This film is a member of a movement of many movements that have attempted to give respect to cinema or make only profit by adapting literature or theater to the screen. Fortunately, the story of this moving book is good. Using Alfred de Musset's poem and the story of Edgar Allen Poe, he focuses on doppelgänger. Unfortunately, the most cinematic film he receives is the double exposure effect to make Paul Wegener appear twice in the scene. Guido Seeber was a special effects wizard for his birthday, but he is not very good at positioning the camera or moving it. Scientologist Leon Hunt ("Early Cinema: Space, Frame, Narrative") did an interesting review of this film, using a framing to amplify the double theme: the characters are divided to the left / the diagonal framing of the characters, and of cadres. Regardless, the film consists more of long long photos from a fixed position, which is considerably primitive. Worse is the lack of editing; there are very few scene dissections and the scenes persist. Nothing is unusual for 1913, but at the same time there were several advanced films, including the best parts of Atlantis (August Blom, 1913), Twilight of a Woman's Soul (Yevgeni Bauer, 1913) and Short Films of DW Griffith. An expanded vocabulary of the universal film until 1926 would allow a remarkably superior remake. In addition, the remake has a reason for the Lyduschka character, other than being an occasional surprise and a spectator surrogate. Here, the Gypsies usually act around apparently with a cloak of invisibility. I know their world is silent, but I suppose with their lips moving and their world will not keep them silent as Lyduschka can leer over the shoulders of others and not be noticed? /> However, this is one of the most interesting early conceptual films. Wegener, who seems to have been the primary mind behind this film, in addition to the lead role, will later play the lead role and co-direct "The Golem" in 1920 - helping to further inaugurate the supernatural thread in silent cinema cinema. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> (Note: The first version I saw was about an hour (certainly not quite complete) and was in poor condition, with bleached faces and sometimes. The Alpha DVD, which in 41 minutes is missing in the videos above and has fewer and very different title books, but is not as badly visual: the repetitive score is best deactivated , although.)
