One of the most important artistic movements in the history of cinema was undoubtedly German expressionism, the extremely atmospheric shooting style developed in the 20's in Berlin. Classical films such as "Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari". (1920) and "Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens" (1922) were the best-known direct results of this movement, and while the movement did not have a long life, the enormous influence on cinema can be felt today, the genre of horror. One of the key figures of this style would be director Paul Wegener, director of the show "Der Golem, Wie Er in the Welt Kam" in the 1920s, as well as his directorial debut, seven years before doing this classic, experiments with expressionism in the film. This early prototype of German expressionism was, incidentally, another horror film: "Der Student von Prag". "Student in Prague" is the story of Balduin (Paul Wegener), a student with the reputation of being the best athlete in Prague but always with financial problems. One day, Balduin saves the beautiful Countess Margit (Grete Berger) from drowning into a lake after her horse accidentally falls. Balduin immediately falls in love with her and tries to see her again, but soon she finds out she will have to compete with her rich cousin, Graf von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who also wants to marry her. Knowing that he can not offer them much, Balduin wants to be rich, and here comes the stage a wizard named Scapinelli (John Gottowt). Scapinelli offers infinite Balduin wealth in return for what he finds in his room. Balduin accepts the proposal, only to find out in horror that what Scapinelli wants is his reflection in the mirror. Engraved by William Wilson's story of Edgar Allan Poe and Faust's classic legend, the story of "Der Student Von Prag" was conceived by German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers, a master of horror literature and one of the earliest writers who considered the script to be right valid as any other form of literature. Written at a time when cinema in Germany is still developing as a form of art, "Der Student Von Prag" shows a real desire to use cinema to tell a fully developed story beyond a room trick or a series of scenes. Like most screenwriters in his era, Ewers' script is still highly influenced by the theater, although "Der Student Von Prag" begins to move away from that style. While Ewers is a bit poor in character development (especially supporting characters), Ewers manages to create an interesting and complex protagonist in Balduin. While "Der Student Von Prag" was the director of Paul Wegener's debut and Stellan Rye's second film, it is very clear that these two pioneers had a very good idea of ​​what the cinema could do when it was done properly. Using Guido Seeber's cinema to a large extent, the two young directors create a strong Gothic atmosphere that provides what the German producers would do in the next decade. Wegener would learn many of the techniques he would use in the "Golem" series at Seeber and Rye. Despite having very limited resources, Rye and Wegener manage to create a striking and very convincing (for his time) visual effect for Balduin's (played by Wegener) scenes. Already an experienced actor at the time of this film, Wegener leads the distribution with a special talent and also tries to move away from the advanced style of the previous producers. As Balduin, Paul Wegener is very efficient and probably the best in the movie. It certainly helps his character to be the only one fully developed by the writer, but we can not deny that Wegener was very good in his role as a poor student losing more than mirroring him in this contract. John Gottowt plays Scapinelli sinister with a mysterious aura that suits the character as a glove. Little is said about Scapinelli in the film, but Gottowt assures us that it is a fearsome force. The rest of the main distributor is less fortunate, Grete Berger being quite mediaeval as Countess Margit, and Lothar Körner makes Graf von Schwarzenberg poor. However, it must be said that Lyda Salmonova was quite good in her expressive character, and Fritz Weidemann made an excellent Baron Waldis-Schwarzenberg, showing the dignity that Lörner's character ought to have. Considering the films that were made in those years in other countries and the fact that his remake (13 years after this film) is superior in any possible way, it is not difficult to understand why "Der Student Von Prag" did not pass the test of time as well as other early movies. The main issue of the film is certainly its extremely low budget because it has led to a much shorter film than Ewers' story had to be fully developed. This makes the plot feel a little too vague or sometimes incomplete, as if something was lacking in the narrative (of course, there is the possibility that the existing printing is really incomplete). However, "Der Student Von Prag" is a very interesting early attempt for a complex story of horror and suspense in the film that, although inferior to what the other directors did at the time, has left a strong impression in history. As a direct predecessor of the German expressionist movement, it is hard to deny the enormous importance of "Der Student Von Prag" in the history of German cinema, perhaps in the history of cinema in general. It may look even dated for its time, but given the limited resources the director has, it is really better than most of the movies in that era. Like the film that started Paul Wegener's career and German Expressionism, "Der Student Von Prag" is a must for all those interested in this piece of film history. 7/10
