1927, and Hollywood has been on the map as the center of the cinema world for a little more than a decade. Now that it has become the site of a millions of dollars industry and the vertical integrated studio system has been established, some of those in the quieter quarters of this movie maker took their time for a little self-regulation. The last command, while his heart may be the classic story of a prestigious man who fell in tough times, outlines the story in a glimpse at the way the cinema recreates the reality and how its production process could be ruthless impersonal. It was written by Lajos Biro, who was on stage pretty much to know. Getting the central scene is a man who was on time among the most famous immigrants in Hollywood? Emil Jannings. Prior to joining the United States, Jannings worked mainly in comedy, being a master of the hammy show, but at the same time hilarious, in a timely manner, often as figures of pompous authority or beating the elders. He makes his last entry as the latter, and at first seems to be another Jannings cartoon. However, as the story progresses, the actor demonstrates his ray, showing delicately fragility, sensuous dignity, and ultimately strength and wonderful presence in the finale. He never stops a gross overcrowding (the German tradition that knows nothing of subtlety), but constantly focuses our attention on absolute control over every aspect of his performance. The director was another immigrant, though one who was around Hollywood a little more and had no background in the film industry in Europe. However, Joseph von Sternberg cultivated for himself the image of Kino Meister artistic and imperial teutonic ("von" was made, by the way) and took a very distinctive approach to the craft. Remarkable in this image is the handling of rhythm and tone, a very good example being the first of the scenes of the Russian flashback. We open with chaos built carefully, with convergent movements that we, the audience, are part of, while the camera retracts and shakes the screen. Then when Jannings arrives, everything goes out. Jannings's performance is incredibly sedative and measured, and when players around him begin to mirror this, the effect is as if his mere presence has restored order. Sternberg seems to show disapproval of violence, moments to take place on the screen, and yet to understand that they have happened with an almost poetic image stream. In fact, he seems to have a total lack of interest in action. In the scene of the prisoners' revolt, Sternberg takes a steady and objective stance, the room finally retreating to a tumultuous position on the wall. Compare this with the scenes below between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, which are a complex combination of fireworks and intense shots that push us in the middle of their interaction. personality on stage, it would seem that Sternberg is very much like the cool and tough director who played on screen by William Powell, and in fact Powell's portrait is probably something of a deliberate parody that even Sternberg himself it would still be. Unfortunately, this harsh attitude did not make him an easy man and, coupled with the focus on his technical resources on human, the smaller performances in his pictures left little to be desired. While Jannings displays the classic hamming in the Charles Laughton mode, which works dramatically, it seems that nobody told co-stars that they were not in a comedy. Evelyn Brent is pretty good, giving us good emotions, but overlapping everywhere. The only performance close to Jannings is that of Powell himself. It is a bit strange to see the kindly starry star of The Thin Man and The Great Ziegfeld, who plays such a severe and humorous figure as a male Ninotchka, but does a good job, revealing an emotional intensity clogged under outside. <br /> <br /> The last command could easily put some feathers in studio studios, as it happens with any disdainful commentary on the filming process, even a relatively narrow example. At least, I think several studio bosses would have been dissatisfied with the "behind the scenes" vision, as it threatened the mystic of the shooting, which was still very vivid at the moment. As it turned out, it was the impact of Jannings' image of the first Oscar for best actor, as well as the best writing nomination for Lajos Biro and (according to some sources, although the issue is a little vague) nomination for the better photography. This is significant because the Academy was a small institution at this time, and the first prizes were more than ever a little self-indulgence of back-slapping by the Hollywood elite. But the elite or not, recognized the good material when they saw him and wanted to reward him.
