Thats My Bush is primarily a very fun show of Parker and Stone, I thought. Often very very funny, and quite subversive and crazy. The South Park fans will definitely get something here. <br /> <br /> Another surprise is the production value here. A lot of money must have been put into this, and it shows. A lot of expensive details. It's not a small show. And Comedy Central is not an extremely rich channel, but they have made a great deal of this show clearly. Somehow I understand that it was also the death of the show, but it costs too much. Of course it could have been made cheaper and continued the will. Critics liked and had little fanfare, but failed to win a big audience. As we know, the show stopped after 8 episodes, which I think is almost a season. <br /> <br /> As I liked the show, it has its flaws. The problem of the show is that it does not know what it really wants to be. It's like trying to be a sitcom and parody of a sitcom at the same time. The actors do a good job, and some of them are well cast, but, in my opinion, they do not seem to always get 100% the bizarre humor they should be presenting. <br /> <br /> I personally think that the show required some characters that were more on the ground for the show to work. In South Park you have Kyle and Stan, which are a realistic touch in the smarter universe. I think that's what South Park does to work. You need some healthy characters that you can relate to in a realistic way, and that makes things more exciting, because it forces you to take them seriously at a certain level. If everything is archetypes and stereotypes hard to include emotionally in the show, which is really the biggest problem of Thats My Bush. Kyle and Stan are characters in South Park, which make sense of madness in the show. We do not have anything here, and this show suffers from it. Another anchor point is Parker and Stones who flirt with Republicans. The only thing about them, I do not quite understand what they are trying to do. Not portraying Bush as anything but an amazing idiot of character Homer Simpsons is a kind of subversive in a world where a lot of people can not stand it and I think he's the worst president of Nixon and a comedy world Letterman's parallelism so it just satirizes every movement ... but hard to understand if Parker and Stone actually mean something through it. It's like a joke, but somehow it does not hit the mark. It sounds weird, because it does not remind you of the real Bush. <br /> <br /> Besides, I thought the show was very enjoyable. Some of the jokes here are hilarious. The support for life that was a fetus aborted is probably one of my favorite jokes in any show. And the show is packed with great material, and sometimes it's funny if you use your head a bit while watching it.
