Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first film made by his own hero production company (Shintaro Katsu), which is probably the reason why this is a slightly smaller entry in the series, though it is not at all bad. She tells us about our hero who comes in two cities, rival heads and a mysterious rhonin that helps the poor, and from this set is a story that includes tragedy, violence and lack of interest, all of them playing with beatings sword, but inspired by serial brands. This is a pretty predictable plot and is surprisingly mounted, but the zips along with the interesting style and stuff. Ronin, for example, is a noble, unbearable revolutionary character, upsetting the established order without being painted as a true love or hero figure, Zatoichi himself makes one or two mistakes and causes harm through his actions, while the system governance combines poor exploitation. It is a rough world with one or two more visceral moments than expected in battles, although things are not as enthusiastic as it may be. Shintaro Katsu turns into a bravural performance like Zatoichi, mixing wisdom, skill and worldly with a subtle sad feeling of vulnerability, while solid work also comes from Rentarô Mikuni and a Kô Nishimura (which later appears as "Snake" Magobei in the trilogy Hanzo) as the two chiefs of the film. There is also a good emotional return from Yuko Hamada as an unfair woman. The film loses through trembling rhythm and a sequence of events that has not been so well built, there is at least a slight leap and the power of the plot gets a little lost, which means that when things get warmer towards the end of the film, how could it be, the emotional impact is also lost. Zatoichi's action or scenes, using his ingenious abilities, are well managed by director Satsuo Yamamoto, although some gambling is less interesting, and the film builds in a rather inspired way, with no lively characters or powerful valleys of others rates. Still, I liked it, has its flaws and is not one of the best in the series, but still wears a sweet dose of satisfying entertainment, a good story and decent titles of Zatoichi ingenious and quirky cool brand. Recommended for fans of the series, and a reasonable entry point, classic stuff, although not really great.
