This is one of the strangest films in the Zat'ochi series, due to its unusual rhythm of interpretation and the role played by Ichi in the film. Interestingly enough, this was the first Zatochi film produced by Shintaro Katsu's new production company. Now, instead of just playing a blind swordsman, Katsu is responsible for making movies. This could easily explain why this movie looks so different in style to the previous 15 films. Regarding Ichi's role, the film is very different because it's not in the movie as much as usual. He is also slightly stupid and actually for a while, doing a lot to harm people instead of helping! <br /> <br /> "Zatoiichi Royaburi" begins with Ichi talking to an old man trying to take advantage of his blindness. Strangely, in this scene, Ichi says he was blind from a child, although in a previous film he says his blindness has been at the age of eight. This is a small mistake and only a crazy fan like me would have noticed. This movie takes place for at least six months and is more likely to have taken a year - so you can see what I said about the strange rhythm. Most movies in the series take place in a few days or weeks. Ichi comes to a town where there is a boss (Asagoro) who is trying very hard to be beautiful with Ichi because he knows the reputation of the blind man. The boss is quite charming and surprising, Ichi is taken entirely by the evil man. At the same time, he meets another Chief (Shushui) - a kind of guru for the poor. Shushui advises people to give up any violence and even Ichi falls into his teaching - giving up the blade for many months. Shushui's teachings are very similar to China's Taoist teachings - non-violence and acceptance of life as it is (for good or for evil). Monday after leaving this city and believing everything was good, Ichi finds out that as soon as she left, Asagoro has shown her true colors - the enslavement of women, the oppression of the poor and the trunk. In a way, Ichi is responsible for this because he helped Asagoro and counted him as a friend. Now Asagoro captured Shushui and more innocent people committed suicide because of the actions of the boss of evil. When Ichi returns, he does not automatically accept that Asagoro is good or bad, but he skillfully tests it. This bit with a scarecrow is inspired and leads to an end in which, what else, Ichi kills the wicked and releases Shushui. This final was very good and took place in the rain. Then the final scene with Asagoro and the rocks is great, though decapitation is a cheese buffered by the special effects standards today. The plush of the film is that, although it is bad, it is different and can not be confused with the last 15 (which often seem very similar). In addition, it ends very well. Minuses (other than stimulation) are that some may not like seeing Ichi so wrong, and the scenes with Ichi and the other blinds that are included for comic relief are flattering ... very, very, very flat. They're sticky and unhappy ... that's the kind of apartment that is.
