After a roughly 7-year road on NBC, it was decided to make only one final top tranche. The series had been blown several times because of the fact that it did not have the numbers that would have qualified it as a block-buster of a TV channel. He always had a hard core of heavy bodies of followers. It was almost like the series full of "HOMICIDE: LIFE ON THE STREET" (1993-99) was a sort of serial "Mr. In-Between". It was too big to cancel but too small to get a case of "Rabid Ratings Ravings" over. <br /> <br /> During the precarious routine on Friday evenings, they presented some of the best and boldly artistic dramas of the hour. That's where I said Artistic, Artistic! But please, remember that we understand an artistic interpretation, but not just a false, pretentious, pedantic, politically correct interpretation. When, finally, it was a sure thing that it was the end of the HOMICIDE line; this super episode was prepared as this 2 hours made for TV Movie. <br /> <br /> Looking at all the events of the previous seasons and the parade of the usual characters, the production team came out and gave us what turned out to be a super sent. OUR STORY? ?????. As we join the story, we find that the commander of the Baltimore Homicide Unit, deputy Al Giardello, "pulled the knife", withdrew from work. But "G" is not ready to really retire - it is withdrawing yet. So, instead of a rocking chair with a fishing rod, we find that Al runs for the mayor of Charm City. As he went out into the city, making some stops and campaign speeches, the former detective lieutenant took a bullet of the assassin. In life, but in a comotic state, he is taken to the hospital. <br /> <br /> The news is being broadcast quickly and, as if officially convened, we find all the detectives from the Baltimore Unit whom I saw in the show to provide you with the services and assistance. There is a great encounter of all these gums before and today, as they enter and track every lead and the opportunity to drive. The producer has found a way to deal with those who have died before bringing their memory into the story. They have managed to answer a few long questions and even introduced those who have not presented themselves here. The whole story sells the series in a very satisfying and original way. But at least for the moment, we will leave it as a "classified". Uploading everything in a neat little package, this TV movie gets our approval. As for the "HOMICIDE MOVIE" movie, we have to give it an A or A +, even. But, regardless of the degree here, it did not mean a level as high as a typical weekly episode.
