Low-cost mobile costumes that can annihilate the entire army - Check out! Weapons that barely need to be straightened and still destroying everything - Check it out! Angels-based mobile costumes - Check it out! OK - it's a Gundam series. This, Gundam Wing, has a good personal development, a complexity in the real world, interesting ideas and some eye candy. With the characters, the weak Reinaldo Dorlan (later Peacecraft, then back to Dorlan) becomes stronger and more independent (although it is nevertheless overwhelmed by Heero Yuy, the character of the main series). Heero, originally called a cool and tough misto, is becoming more and more human, staying still in character. And seeing Pierardo Peacecraft (who is the nomad of guerre is Zechs Marquise) floating between OZ, independently and White Fang's command, shows how some people can really lose in their creations. The complexity of the political and military situation is also good enough - reflecting how the real world works. However, in 49 episodes of half an hour, it becomes a little responsibility in the sense that this complexity is not used to its full potential. The basic ideas of the series - the need for struggle, the desire for peace, etc. - are those that resonate today. In retrospect, the series was ahead of his time, what with the "war on terror" and all. But exploring these ideas, monologues, especially those of Treize Kushrenada, is an incredible drama, forming some of the best writings in the series. But sometimes good writing is sometimes extremely poor, which causes dramatically to lose some of its edge. With regard to candy-eye, which is what has this in bucketloads, everything from the mobile costumes to the Libra Battle Ship (No no idiot buffers!) Is well constructed and explodes into large orange balls (which is bad , because a better animation would have had a better explosion). But who cares ?! Things explode and that's all that matters. Briefly, however, the serious complexity of the series means that if you lose a few episodes, you've lost a lot. Weak writing can let you create and sometimes animation makes you go "WTF?!?!" But this is done in its classic animation style, its magnitude, the sparks of an incredible dialogue and the more mature exploration it expects from such Japanese animations.
