Gundam Wing is an amazing show from start to finish, each episode is a joy to watch. The story is the typical Gundam tariff, and future Earth populations will grow to the extent that we will create space colonies to expand. But the story is set in a completely different reality than any other Gundam show. It is the year after Colonia 195 and the corrupt government of the Earth, known as the Earth Alliance, took violently free colonies. To combat Alliance control and even greater threat (a bad military organization hiding within the Alliance, known as OZ, which later takes control of the Earth and the colonies), select members of the colonies to send 5 super- strong on Earth to try to save the colonies from the threat that will come soon. These mosses, known as Gundams, are struggling with OZ and trying to regain peace in the colonies as OZ is at the forefront, completely eliminating the Alliance and taking control of the Earth and its colonies. Gundam Wing as I said earlier, is probably the most enjoyable Gundam series to track in my opinion. Much of this is the difference between this series and any other Gundam series before it, but the stories are much deeper and more complicated than most of the other Gundam series. Gundam Wing has more depth and more emotion than any other Gundam show I have ever seen. This particular series seemed to focus more on the character and relationships between those characters than the epic space struggle. Now do not misunderstand me, this show still has many epic battles inside, and the show still keeps the epic atmosphere of other Gundam series, but it succeeds in the fact that the story follows an ensemble consisting of 6 or 7 characters opposite just 1. It does not matter how you look at it, it is truly one of the most unique and enjoyable Gundam series there and I strongly recommend it to any fan of anime or science in general. The show features a stunning animation and superb action, but the depth and complexity of the story is what prevents you from returning for longer. The characters are so well cut down to the end of the show that you get to love each one of them. This show is definitely one that should not be missed. A 10/10 perfect!
