Matador is better at reflection, because when it comes to it, it seems so easy. Humor is always medium-gauge, never unfunny, but never bust-busting. The story is a very simple thread. The plot characteristics are often recycled, the unscrupulous bad guy who needs a friend and good guy who wears a bottle that needs safety in team life and learns from one another and complements one another in style life of the other. I also find parallel with the story of the useless bull because it is simply cruel and symbolism is not strong enough to wear. However, it is indeed a good film because, although it seemed so thin and unaffected at that time, it was not so. It has a subtle way to connect with the public. I think the reason why, slowly but surely, gives the audience something to take with them is that although it is a formula that is nothing new, even the majority of the humor, both the main characters, basically the only characters in it, are in a way encountered and known. Do not forget to tell them real. It's not what I mean. What I mean is that although he is a detached comic character of Pierce Brosnan, he is firmly acknowledged by a writer and certainly by Brosnan who communicates aggressively how much he likes to breathe James Bondless's fresh air . The character of Greg Kinnear seems the same in his detached script, but he gave some very unexpected note notes that for a moment, because the film passed the light, it passed, but then hit us only moment later. Then we realize that the movie is not simply analyze this, or the planes, trains and cars have eternally said again. Tell him something really. The climax of the movie is of a kind that wants to be part of a thriller with overturning. But with ease, how could this be in the center of the movie, though the story led to him? No, the emphasis is what Brosnan and Kinnear get out of their unlikely relationship with others. Strange, The Matador is a movie about regret and loneliness. Brosnan deals with loneliness and regret every day, and although we do not understand why Kinnear is so ingenious and accepting with Brosnan continuously interrupting his life, it is easy to understand that Brosnan saves Kinnear with a version of Kinnear's feelings as a means of redemption. The last scene of the movie stays with me. I think that is where the subtle impact of the film passage finally begins to drain.
