Since the title is in English and IMDb lists this English language as the main language, I will concentrate on reviewing Gundam Wing's English version (2000), as presented in Bandai's DVD. My current magazine for the entire series is under IMDb's entry into "Shin kidô senki Gundam W" (1995). Very little is being changed regarding the plot, the script and the characterization of its adaptation to English and indeed it depends on your taste to choose which language to follow this show. Purists can stick to the Japanese all they want, but for a more realistic experience I recommend the English version because all the characters except Heero Yuy are not Japanese (most of them are Caucasians, in fact, with a few non-Japanese Asians. in a sense, the character characters meet more directly than in the Japanese version. The contrast between the characters is stronger due to some or to play shows, but a group very well expressed by the actors. Wing Gundam pilot Heero Yuy is a highly trained soldier who suppresses his emotions but slowly learns the value of his humanity. delivery delivery can be criticized as "bad," but fits Heero's personality very well. Deathscy Gundam's Duo Maxwell, cheerful in the face of death, has a crash course to cherish life and friends. He is probably the best character in the whole show, skillfully played by Scott McNeil. He may sound too old for his age, but Duo's English voice is easily in his Japanese irritating nasal rank. Trowa, the Heavyarms pilot, is a lost soul alone, which only has the purpose so far been a struggle; in spite of his inner desire to connect with the people around him, he only knows how to kill, not to be affiliated. Kirby Morrow offers a grim, but realistic performance like Trowa Barton. The winner Quatre Rebarba is expressed by Brad Swaile, who has no concerns about the worrisome nature of the character and the destruction of his innocence while living the horrors of war and death at first hand. A huge addition is that Quatre no longer sounds like a girl (and yes, he is expressed by a Japanese female actress in the Japanese version), but a 15-year-old bona fide type guy. The impulsive but determined Wufei Chang, expressed by Ted Cole, may seem a little overhead, but play in stark contrast to the much more distant roles of Heero and Trowa. Relena Darlian is older in English, expressed by Lisa Ann Bailey. This may not be good with the young personification at the beginning of the show, but after her character matures later in the story, her voice follows the example and ends up fitting well with character development. Zechs Merquise to be one of the most drastically changed voices compared to the Japanese version. Both voices give different sides of the same character. His Japanese voice is supreme, authoritative and respectful of respect, taking into account his high status and charismatic character. His British English voice by Brian Drummond is much subtler, sounding more vain and "snake-like", highlighting Zech's secret nature as far as his hidden agendas and the firm beliefs of his ideals. OZ members are really mixed bag. Treize Kushrenada, expressed by David Kaye, has a more realistic and less spectacular performance compared to the Japanese style of speech that is longer than lifetime. However, Lady Une does not express her split personality in contrast to the Japanese version, and Lucrencia Noin just sounds ......... bored most of the time. Cannon fighter pilots and military leaders will no longer talk about it. I would have appreciated if I had time to give different characters different accents to reflect their ethnic backgrounds. Maganac Corp's voices were generally uninspired, but could have been more interesting if Middle East accents had been given. The members of the Romerfeller Foundation would have even sounded better, with a classic European accent reflecting their status of nobility. Despite having acted badly from the side characters, the main cast had managed to convey the show and resulted in a less general and less realistic interpretation of Gundam Wing's script. Very faithful to the original Japanese script, keeping all the underlying ideas challenging ideas and themes about politics, war and human nature. Unfortunately, it retains the shortcomings of the original Japanese script.
