Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the fourth in the sequel to the Gundam chronologies. Unlike previous records focusing on massive wars, this is slightly different; instead of having an army situation vs. army, this is led by five adolescent boys (due to their ability to mix more easily than normal adults) and their machines called "Gundams" due to the metal alloy used in their construction. Which leads to problems because gundanels should be destroyed, replaced by "mobile suits" that are piloted less destructive weapon platforms and "dolls" that run on the basis of the A.I. and are used as a grunt infantry. The whole point of the series is a metaphysical question that gives Gundam Wing an edge over a larger portion of the anime that makes it around. Especially since most anime are adapted from popular magazines such as Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuYasha that are all from Shonen Jump, now available in America. Mobile Suit Gundam Wing sets itself apart from most anime in the fact that, instead of the top-top battles of mortals that resemble the gods, Gundam is very humanistic and seems to enjoy being dramatic in Melodramatic place and events seem to unfold throughout the graceful series. Normally there are several series in the anime that think the best way to have a "small" battle is to last for half an hour - something that would never happen in real life. Gundam does this by making sure everyone knows the characters will die, the cars will be destroyed and rebuilt, the battles will be lost and won, and it does not seem to make the actions satirical. the magic of Gundam Wing is in detail and what anime has more props to have. Emotion. Instead of mythical prophecies, magic or martial arts scary, Gundam Wing is a fictional science of the waist in a country that hates science fiction. (NOTE: The author would like to point out that Neon Genesis Evangelion is not science-fiction hard-line-plausible because of the religious subject that is the core of his series) I love Star Wars, but I hate the A.I. (the movie). Since then, why Gundam Wing has been and Gundam SeeD is now in production for both Japanese and US versions, at the same time with two voice teams. The American audience just has to wait two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to catch duplicate or subtitled versions or even SeeD episodes that are on the Cartoon Network. The emotion is that these two parties fighting a war are technically backward. Heroes are the ones who defend the rights of the richest and most aristocratic citizens of Earth from the band of terrorists inclined to victory at all the costs that make up the protagonists of the Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. This is not war, it is the "total war". Every person, every building, every street is a target for attack, both on Earth and on it. My only complaint and the reason why I did not get the score of ten is that at about three along the way, it's a kind of death for a few episodes and no one seems to change. A kind of retrospective of the moment, which is good due to what reveals the characters, but at the same time decreases what should be beer between Project: Meteor and OZ. But the last two episodes and the "Overplayed-on-Cartoon-Network" (back in 2001-2003) Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz are more than compensating for weakness.
