A team of archaeologists discover a real treasure? The Queen's Queen of Sheeba. From Egypt, the crown is to be transferred by ships to San Francisco. But it will not be easy. There are a lot of thieves who would like to get their hands on the priceless crown jewels. Fortunately for everyone involved, Mr Moto is at hand to guard the crown on his journey. However, that does not mean that someone will not try to get their hands on treasure. After Moto's disappointment with Gamble, I went to Mr Moto for a holiday hoping for the best, but of course, fearing the worst. But in the first 10 seconds of the movie, I knew I'd be more enjoyable. I am a sucker for a 1930s style mystery that has everything to do with archaeological excavations in Egypt. And seeing Moto disguised as a German archaeologist (Imagine Peter Lorre playing a German?), The original scene has really attracted me. While the film would have transformed quickly into San Francisco less exotic, it was just as pleasant. The dark, sinister characters hidden in the rainy night; fireworks drawn from open windows, which greatly lose the hero's head; sophisticated and supposedly alarm systems are in a certain way for someone to test them; and master criminals do you think they are dead? these are some sort of elements found in a lot of very good mysteries in the 1930s that they love. And Mr Moto took a vacation took them all. Other few bonuses for me have always included Lionel Atwill's pleasure in a small, comic amusement from G.P. Huntley is even funny and a return to the form for Mr. Moto. I have already mentioned his disguise in the movie opening scenes, and the athletic motorcycle is approaching the end of the movie. Moto is like a Dervish who rotates as he goes after prey. All of this and I have not even mentioned the wonderful performance Lorre has done. Any way you look at this, Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation is a winner. As much as I like Mr. Moto's series to end at this rate, it's understandable when you think about it. World War II was just around the corner. And after Pearl Harbor, a movie with a Japanese hero would not have gone too well. At least Moto's series ended with a very positive note.
