Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a successful man. Or a "facilitator of death," as he prefers to be called. He is also drunk, feminine, and in the midst of a middle-of-life crisis. In a job in Mexico City, he hits Danny White (Greg Kinnear), an unmoved businessman who thinks he has just died recently, but he is not sure. They meet in the late-night bar of the hotel one evening after they both had too many daisies. It sounds like the set for a comedy thriller with numbers, is not it? ? But it is not. Instead, The Matador is a funny and sometimes exciting study. She avoids any overturning that the above summary might suggest, sometimes even set them just to tear them out with joy. It's a film that respects the characters to allow them to deal with it without feeling the need to push them into unnecessary plot plotting. <br /> <br /> Brosnan will inevitably be compared to Bond, but this is unfair at both shows. Bond is a half-formed idea, a product of everything that has passed before; while Julian is a fully-formed character with his own motivations and flaws. He existed in his own world shaded and swollen so much that he forgot to speak with another human being. When he meets Danny at the hotel bar, he sees his opposite: a regular guy with normal work and normal problems. He envies Danny; the man who struck her became overwhelmed by his life, he sees himself ever closer to the inevitable "burned" as he puts it. But when Danny opens to the death of his only son, Julian tries to change the subject with a dirty joke. He is a man who, in his own words, "runs away from all emotions". Kinnear has his own show of Brosnan and injects Danny White with his charm effortlessly. He is a perfect foil for Julian; While the latter is drunk bravado and hedonism, Danny is on the ground, with only a hint of eccentricity. But he goes deeper than his established figure, showing us how far each man will go when confronted with financial and family ruin. There is real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear. It is most visible in the three key scenes of the movie: the hotel bar; a bullfight, during which Julian tells Danny what he does to live his life and takes him through a rehearsal of assassination; and a scene in which Julian returns to Danny's house six months later. This scene also introduces us properly to Danny's wife, Bean (yes, Bean). In another example of how much Matador respects her characters, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of panic at the presence of a murdered murderer in her house, she just asks with forceful calm: "Have you brought your gun?" The script is not as good as it could have been after another rewrite. One or two lines seem to be a little forced, and some jokes need a little work. But in the scenes where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) spoke, the writing is superb. The movie does not need to put the characters in unusual situations (other than meeting a man who hit her and said he hit your man). It simply allows them to talk, pointing them easily to the required plotting points. There is an action, but only when it reflects on the characters. A notable example is when Julian is in a job in Budapest, because he always sees himself in the field of rifles. The rest of the film refers to characters, how they interact, how each one affects one another. And, ultimately, it is about friendship, even in the most unlikely places. At one point, Julian tells Danny that he is his only friend. And he really understands it.
