It's very hard to evaluate this movie. As entertainment value for viewers in the 21st century, it fails to be miserable. However, for the student of early sound movies and history, it is a jewel. "Show of Shows" was a featured magazine to compete with the success of MGM's "Hollywood Revue of 1929" that still survives completely intact with its Technicolor scenes. The purpose of the review was to present a silent star of the studio in speech roles and show that they can make the transition. However, Warner Bros. seems to have forgotten this and used many acts and celebrities they have never had under long-term contracts such as Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lillie and even a striking band. Meanwhile, their greatest talent - Al Jolson - is obviously absent. Even at a high salary he could not be forced to join. Almost every act is too long and the movie plays like a dozen of Vitaphone shorts plies along with no continuity. The end is also too long, but it is very enjoyable with all its dance numbers. The most important moments of the film are two numbers from Winnie Lightner - "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the Bath", with some Nick Lucas, John Barrymore performing Shakespeare, and Chinese Fantasy "Li Po Li" with Nick Lucas and Myrna Loy. This last number is the only part of the movie that survives in Technicolor and is really quite attractive. Quite reasonably, the players in these good acts were long-term Warner Bros. so the director knew how to play the strengths since he was familiar with them. This film acts as a snapshot at a strange point in the history of the film - 1929, which was the year of deck between two ere - silent ears and sounds, as well as the war between the 20th and the Great Depression. Only two years later, the same film would have had a totally different distribution, as Warner Bros. would give up his stars from the silent age and the stars he hired only to produce the early musicals in favor of those stars who gave it to Warner Bros. the distinctive urban feel and feel - James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Edward G. Robinson and others.
