I saw this movie again as a task for my driving class. It would mainly refer to different management styles and ideas on quality (product). I rented it back in the '80s and I remember it is a good movie (but not great). I have always liked the style and delivery of Michael Keaton. He was perfectly suited to the film. I'm surprised to see some of the low ratings for this movie. I give you yes is not an Oscar winner, but it has a decent comic value. It's more a subtle comedy than a comedy joke. I also find some of those who considered this to be an inaccurate film about cultural and business differences. I beg to differ. I remind you again that there are a lot of generalities and dramatizations, but again this Hollywood movie is not a documentary. From what I read about the differences between car manufacturers on both sides of the Pacific at that time, many of the main ideas were time-honored. Some of the basic differences were that Japanese workers felt themselves as part of the company as a whole. Teamwork has been highlighted. They probably made the company above all. If US workers had more than one type of leadership relationship. The individual was more important than the company. I'm probably going to get a hate email about this comment, I'm sure. Another difference was how quality was seen and whose responsibility was to solve it. In many Japanese plants, defects or problems are examined and fixed at the time of discovery. Rather like a character in the movie put it "was dealers (it means car dealer) the problem." Many of these things are probably dated, but I'm sure some are still around as many US cars as manufacturers are still struggling to keep up with the Japanese. If someone is more interested in the subject of American, European and Japanese cars, I can recommend a book to study this subject in more detail and was done around the same time. The book is called "The Machine That Changed the World" by James Womack, Daniel Jones and Daniel Roos. This is a study of car manufacturers during and before the time covered by this film. The parts are a little dry, but I think you'll find that it's a lot of the movie.
