Since the 1980s, long before NAFTA was drafted and corporations began to change their national identity, the United States and Japan were at the other's throat in the world of production. Remember the saying "Union Yes!", "The Japanese take this country over" and "Americans are lazy." As Reagan gave up and the corporations headed for a global market, director Ron Howard made one of the many comedian travels with 1986's "Gung Ho", which attracted over $ 36 million in receipts from the box office in the US. While, in many ways, Howard's story about crops that collide at work still offers a hard truth for today's industrial life. "Gung Ho" focuses on Hunt Stevenson (Michael Keaton), the automobile manufacturers at Hadleyville, a small, depressed city at the foot of Pennsylvania. Stevenson was invited to visit Assan Motor in Tokyo (similar to Toyota in real life), which is considering a US operation. in the empty factory of the city. With hundreds of out-of-work people and the city approaching collapse, Assan decides to move and Stevenson is hired as a link between company officials and assembly line workers. 112 minutes of "Gung Ho" is a humorous glance at these two sides, with their strengths and weaknesses equally considered: on the one hand, an American labor force that values ​​its traditions but is often caught in the frenzy pride and unionism; on the other hand, Japanese workers who are extremely devoted to their ministry, but who do not have personal satisfaction and feelings of self-worth. In Stevenson, we find an American figure of middle-class working class with the ability to talk about people through misunderstandings. With the survival of his workers and most of Hadleyville's line-up, Stevenson turns out to be a nice guy who only wants a real chance, though his intelligence will make him great trouble. In addition to responding to Assan's bosses, we are witnessing a delicate balancing act between Stevenson and his colleagues in trade unions, many of whom he grew up with. These include Buster (George Wendt), Willie (John Turturro) and Paul (Clint Howard, Ron's brother). Japanese thought is led by Gedde Watanabe, known for volunteers' Sixteen Candles. "Watanabe plays Kazihiro, the plant manager, who is lucky and begins to feel sympathetic to American life. He is constantly shadowed by Saito (Sab Shimono), the nephew of Assan's executive director, who is willing to take his place in order. While touching them lightly, these characters behave very well in conveying the ideas of Japanese working-class culture. With Hunt Stevenson dominating the script, Michael Keaton must provide solid performance for this movie to work. "Gung Ho" is really a success for Keaton, who also collaborated with Ron Howard in 1994 "The Paper". He made this film during a series of lighter roles including "Mama Mama", "Beetle Juice" and "The Dream Team" before venturing into "Batman", "A Good Police" and "My Life" . It's also hard not to like Gedde Watanabe's performance as a weird man who first bears Japanese shame before he joins Stevenson's team to turn the unit into a car. notch, including Wendt, Turturro, Shimono and Soh Yamamura, as CEO Sakamoto, Assan. Mimi Rogers provides a romantic interest as Audrey's friend, Hunt. Edwin Blum, Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel joined for Gung Ho's solid writing. The incidental music, which received the BMI Film Music Award, was composed by Thomas Newman. Gung Ho's musical songs are 80 years from the wall to the wall, including "Do not be deceived," "Tuff Enuff" and "The working class man." The success of "Gung Ho" led to a series of short-lived televisions on ABC. While it was more impressive than a social commentary twenty years ago, Ron Howard's film still has its comical value. It is available on DVD as part of the Paramount Widescreen Collection and is a short change. Audio options are provided in 5.1 surround sound in English, in Dolby surround in English and in "dubbing" in French, but subtitles are only in English. There is no extra, not even a theater trailer. In addition, Paramount's digital transfer is pretty good, with few grains after opening credits and high-quality sound. While some extra would have been helpful - especially since "Gung Ho" was a box office success - there is nothing to complain about the film presentation itself. <br /> <br /> *** of 4
