Matador is a strange movie. His main character Julian, played with an unusual blend of charm and imbalance by Brosnan, is not your typical hero. Julian is a man experiencing a crisis in the middle of his life. After spending 22 years in the cold blood crime profession, he is now stressed and desperate by himself. And so, after a chance to meet at a bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he gets started and begins a strange, awkward friendship. Danny, the typical guy, has something to do with his life and, to be honest, he could also use a friend. The two make an unexpected connection, and Danny is sitting around listening to Julian's story, even after learning the "unhappy" truth about Julian's work. Matador approaches a subject that is not unheard of in cinema, an assassin hero (movies like "Assassins" and "Grosse Pointe Blank" come to mind). But Matador differs in several key ways. First, killing and gorillas are involved, but they are never actually presented in any detail, which means if you are an action boy looking for adrenaline, this movie is likely to disappoint you. Secondly, unlike most anti-hero films, Matador makes no attempt to show remorse and redemption from his main character. Julian's activity is simply portrayed as a kind of thing "is what it is". This is unusual, considering that 99.99% of us would consider the killing for horrible money. And yet, this unorthodox approach is probably what makes the movie feel authentic. Although we do not like to admit, almost anything could become trivial after we did a lot of it, maybe even murder. Julian's victims deserve to die? Who pays to kill people? Who knows. The film never deals with these questions. Emphasis is placed on Julian and his interference blending in genuine friendship. If you read about someone like Julian in paper, you would have a thought in passing that people like him should be snatched out of society as a cancer, but forced to pursue his life, you are attracted to his intense humanity. The sympathy for the devil, I believe. Brosnan getting Julian is well done and deeply disturbing. He does not completely divorce his good look and the charm of James Bond, but just adds disturbing perplexities. Strange or rough remarks in the polite conversations of the middle and sudden changes from the charm of suicides to childhood tantrams and the sad motives of despair for acceptance. It keeps you guessing about his understanding of his health and how he will affect those around him. It's a little bit like listening to a pianist who occasionally and unexpectedly hits a bad note while playing, but it works. Films with only another major role, Danny's, are not nearly as fleshy. Kinnear turns into a solid, if not spectacular performance, like a Joe accustomed to Joe's common life and problems. The film does not really have major shocks or twists of M Night Shyamalan, but I did not manage to guess the end and felt satisfactory. He has no profound philosophical or spiritual perspective, and yet he felt very human. And he had no heart hitting car chases or gunfire, and yet I thought the pacing was well done and I was never bored. Perhaps the only real message is here about the human need to reach and link together, and how these needs have no moral preconditions. Even a killer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with bad people. It's a comment about the weird, random world we live in. A good movie; worth seeing.
