Sherman set up the roadbike for ... 1986. The United States was climbing from the worst recession after the war, while Japan enjoyed an unprecedented industrial boom. Manufacturing industries were still a significant part of the US economy, and factory workers were a good example of the "average American". The word "downsizing" has not yet entered the general vocabulary, but everyone knew the phenomenon. Bruce could be heard at the radio, "Foreman says these jobs go, boy, and I will not go back to your hometown." Chrysler had just been saved by Uncle Sam. Bumper stickers can be seen saying, "Buying American - the job you save can be yours." "Gung Ho" is doing a better job of capturing the mood of US industrial workforce than almost any other popular film made at that time. Of course, the film has its flaws - some plot-filled and mediocre stuff that works by everyone except Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. But the story is really about the encounter between the East and the West: Hunt Stevenson personifies the Americans, courageous and confident but outwardly confident. Watanabe Kazuhiro personifies Japan at the top of the pile with a successful system, but wonders if there is much to learn from Western rivals. The story of the film, defective as such, simply provides a framework for the conflict and eventually the synthesis of the two personalities. Keaton's action shades everyone else and practically makes the movie alone. I have always admired Keaton for his ability to provide lines that feel improvised, regardless of the scenario he is pursuing. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a man full of love, fidelity, a natural leader with wise craftsmanship. But he has a common fatal flaw for many of us: he does not want to disappoint anyone. He will distract the crowd with inspirational anecdotes and even lie to you, rather than show the ugly truth. Kazuhiro is Stevenson's mirror image: shy and introspective, but also because of his Japanese education, reluctant to be a bad news bearer. The scene in which Stevenson first enters Kazuhiro, with employee grievances, perfectly surprises the Japanese approach to the conflict at work. Kazuhiro responds to Stevenson's complaints with "I Understand What You Say", but he will not refuse his requests out loud. Stevenson mistakenly interprets this as an agreement and goes outside saying, "Okay, I've solved that." (This is still a problem in Japanese-American business relations in the 21st century!) Finally, Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: to make the factory work without problems, to meet the production objectives and to fulfill the responsibility of the workers below them. In doing this, everyone must take a page from the book of others. Kazuhiro's family becoming more "Americanized" is an obvious example. Also note that Stevenson thinks it is weird when Kazuhiro explains how he made a public apology for his workers because he did not succeed - and yet, later in the film, Stevenson does exactly that himself. and his resolution is a little cornball, but hey, this is a comedy. If you can overlook the flaws of the movie, there is a wonderful story about self-realization and the spirit open here.
