Many neglect that this is not just a classic because it is the first 3D game, or even the first "shoot-up" movie. It is also one of the first stealth games, one of the truly claustrophobic games (and certainly the first), and just a fairly well-rounded experience in general. With graphics that are very terrible today, the game revolves around the role of B.J. (you do not even think I will try to write his surname!), An American P.O.W. caught in an underground bunker. Fight and looking your way through tunnels to reach different goals for six episodes (but let's face it, most are just an excuse to your hand a weapon to get round the Nazis and sends you to lose one Nazi leader). Graphics is, as I mentioned earlier, quite dated and very simple. The least detailed of virtually any 3D game released by a team of professional creators. If you can still overcome this (and some would suggest that this simplicity adds only the effect the game has on you) then you have a heck of a good / shooter game. The game is looking keys, health and ammunition, suffocation enemies (Nazis mentioned above and an "enemy boss" each chapter) of varying difficulty (which of course increases as you move forward in the game) looking for secret rooms. There is a bonus after each level is beaten ... it goes as fast as you have been (basically if you beat time par, what is the time when you needed a tester to go through the same level, quite fun to try and beat, and how difficult are the levels to find your way, they are quite challenging as many play sites), how much gold (treasure) which I have collected and how many bad guys you killed. Basically, if you have 100% of any of the above, you get a bonus, helping you get to the coveted lines. The game (most often but not always) allows two different contrasting methods to play ... stealthily or gunning down anything and everything you see. You can either run or walk, and among your weapons there is a knife ... the run is instantly heard when you enter the same room as the guard as well as the firefights. Many guards are standing, their backs facing you, which means you can climb behind them and stab them ... almost silent. In your inventory, you can get no less than four guns and two keys ... more about weapons later. Keys unlock certain doors. Most of the doors in the game are not blocked ... only two types need keys, and these keys are only entered in subsequent levels (restart in levels, reset weapons, health, score, and life in each chapter). Much of the game is spent in search of them. Now, as I mentioned just this game, many of period (late 80s, early 90s) is based on collecting extra lives ... personally I think is completely and totally useless (was deceived finally ... I searched here (?), the next shooter 3D and on) since you can save whenever you want and "use a lifetime" reset weapons, health and ammo, like starting a new chapter pain in later levels where you need * harder artillery. Now, I'm gonna beat around the bush ... I'm not gonna go to the guns! Start with the knife mentioned above (which is silent but only efficiently) and a gun ... nothing special but good for ammunition conservation, unlike the next two bad guys. The third weapon is a German SMG ... a submultion gun. It's faster and more automatic, and other enemies later use it. And the last ... is nothing but a Gatling gun! Oh yes! Think T2. Think Predator. Think of downloading massive amounts of lead to Nazi beings with such a weapon. It's as fun as it sounds. Most of the boss's enemies use this, however, be prepared. I will not reveal the identity of these enemy bosses, however ... that's for each player to discover for himself (or her) self. The sound is excellent ... very clear and realistic. As you hear the rupture of a machine gun, the deaf metallic key of a door that is behind you, or a surprised Nazi strike or a German warning, you really feel you're there, trapped in these dark, depressing bunkers. That listens to me nicely in the level plan ... as you walk through seemingly countless, almost identical halls to the next elevator that leads you further, you are caught by the claustrophobic question. We almost have had a disease of movement more than once (although this could also have something to do with little sleep, much humidity and unusual heat ...) to play. Though the level of detail is not very high, what is wonderful. Victims' remains, guarded neighborhoods, and innumerable Nazi symbols ... the list goes on. The game also has quite a bit of gore ... because it's a limited graphics engine, John Romero and the crew have certainly put in all the blood and courage they could for the game. What is left to say ... the first of its kind, and it's no surprise that it gave birth to countless other 3D shooters. Sure, bobbing your weapons and different levels of height (ladders and the like) have not come up when you enter the building ... ... Doom and Duke Nukem 3D was introduced feature to change the view beyond just left and right, adding vertical dimensions to it), and the jumps did not come until a third, title later (the first Quake, possibly fellow gamers, help me here) ... but all of these games, and the rest of the genre, owes its existence to him. Load the Luger, open the door to get into the bunker and enter BJ's shoes. Does he deserve recognition even (or even more?) Almost fifteen years after he first appeared. I've recommended this to all 3D game fans. 8/10
