"Margaritas and Cock ..." This extraordinary fun movie attracts you from the opening scene and never stops delivering laughs, surprises and unexpected moments of touch. I had more fun looking at "The Matador" than almost any other movie in 2005. It's a crazy movie with an unforgettable character, played to perfection by Pierce Brosnan. Julian Noble (Brosnan) is a hit-man facilitator who specializes in top concerts (assassinating wealthy boys). He also faces something similar to a middle-life crisis. After he realized he had no real friends, no permanent house or planned future, he stumbled into a bar in the Mexican hotel one evening and entered Danny Wright (Kinnear). Danny is a "man of his family who is about to lose his big business that could turn things around him. He loves his wife drastically, especially because they have lost their son with a few The two men are chalk and cheese, hardly any other common reason than they are in the same empty night bar. And somehow a conversation is struck that sets in motion a chain of events that will change their lives for The friendship she's formed reminded me a lot of Laurel and Hardy, one is the right man, and the other is the persistent madman that makes them suffer. "Interplay is very well programmed and adjustable, thanks in no way, the wonderful performances of Brosnan and Kinnear, but do not make a mistake ... This is Brosnan's film, he's one of the most memorable and despicable characters of the decade, he could have your mother pull and ask you Apologize right after that, and you'll probably forgive her. Brosnan may be the most beautiful cinematic charm, but this is his most enjoyable and complete performance so far. I would not have stopped seeing an Oscar for the role in question. Consider a scene in which he clearly reveals a high school girl with the worst thoughts and says the line: "All blushy blushy ... Without sucky fucky." He does it with the familiar Bond smirk and manages to escape with her. He tells a boy, "Tell your mother to lose 30 pounds and 20 years. Then come back to me," and it does not happen so steadily. In fact, it makes us do even more. Still, the film manages to surprise us with some truly moving scenes, most of which come to an end when the film has some unpredictable returns. However, when Julian shows up with his little black books to find someone to call his birthday, or when Danny and his wife (Davis) console each other in the bedroom one night, the film reaches to a profound unexpected emotion. <br /> "Matador" is stylish and energetic. It's constantly fun. And it also has a defining career role for Brosnan as a man who struck himself, seeking normality, friendship and a means of doing at least one good thing in his life. This is a jewel in the past and you should make an effort to see this movie as soon as possible. <br /> <br /> TC Candler from IndependentCritics.com
