At first glance, this film looks like the Keifer Sutherland 24 series for the big screen. With a focus on an assassination plot by the President of the United States, a race against time, and a lot of Secret Service agents, the agency under the spotlight in The Sentinel. But wait, the protagonist returns to the character of Michael Douglas, Pete Garrison, a veteran secret service agent, renowned for taking bullet for Reagan in 1981. SS agents are specially trained to "take the bullet", which makes them special - who is on the right mind will it be on the line of a bullet and a target? But Garrison becomes involved in the assassination plot and has to take his life while doing the small investigations into the plot. All this because of his failure in a polygraph test, because of his first-time laugh (Kim Basinger). Tsk. There are shades of Clint Eastwood on the line of fire. Both elderly actors and the aging veteran were heroes with a historical reference that took the bullet in their touring service. While Eastwood's movie has a more enigmatic villain in John Malkovich, The Sentinel suffered from the lack of a strong central villain, preferring to share responsibility for assassination among many ex-KGB criminals and mosquitoes in presidential details. With Douglas, after passing the law, he becomes similar to Dr. Richard Kimble of Fugitive, who hunts the proverbial with a single army, while at the same time relying on his intelligence to overthrow fellow agents , which turned out to be quite interesting to watch - despite slick processes, it is still reduced to the performance and welfare of individual agents. Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, today's 24-hour TV and Disperate Housewives, are relegated to supporting roles as Secret Service investigators seeking Garrison's likely involvement in the assassination plot, and sometimes seem to have removed the CIS pages with their abilities legal. The beautiful pair had chemistry that might have resembled Fox Mulder and Dana Scully of X Files, but unfortunately these two had very little to do here. We know why he is in the movie, namely to attract their fans to theaters. Also, Longoria's role seemed incapable of escaping the sexy mother Gabrielle, and here she got her pretty blouse cut off (Sutherland tells her to hide her) and tight pants (ogle-fest for fellow agents). <br /> However, it is still quite interesting in the life of the probability of the most loaded and strained protection details in the world and the typical threats that they face daily, including the pursuit of the threats of each nut during the lifetime strong man in the world. It's a decent suspense and an investigative thriller, with enough subplots to have fun. But one thing, however, like most of the final action sequences, it has a large enough space to fly through the jumbo jet.
