What if a GI platoon of the Japanese army was to be sent back in 400 years even in the middle of the feudal wars that led to the formation of Tokugawa shogunate? Are you awesome? The movie does exactly what it's like about tin. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, writers have not bothered to explain, usually ridiculous in SF films, the scientific mumbo of half the transport time. Not what it is or why it is. They just did it. However, the transport time itself is trippy like hell and pretty nice if not a little dated. It's not as stupid as anyone could imagine. The rest of the film follows the premise of a T. But while losing a bit of steam with different subplots that are coming to GIs arrival in medieval Japan, it takes over with a devastating battle sequence. Undoubtedly, it is the main order of the day. The whole concept and, by extension, the movie itself, was probably caused by this simple step: what if GI equipped with the most recent in the modern war would be to fight the samurai? And the boy delivers it. The main battle success that lasts more than half an hour is probably one of the best of its kind in the 70 action / war films. Not only is it tireless and exhausting in rhythm and length, it is also a wonderful mish-mash of styles and techniques that only unique unique like G.I. Samurai can deliver. I mean, where else would have the chance to have tanks, ninja full screws, a helicopter and samurai in the same shot? G.I. the lieutenant-led platoon literally tears literally through hundreds of extras, shooting them with machine guns, mortar, grenades, and tanks. This mish-mash of styles is with a firmly rooted foot in the epic jidai-geki of Kurosawa's Kagemusha or Samurai's Inner Hannishi Banner, while the other is in the West Action and War films. There are stylistic touches (such as gorgeous slow shots and bloody violence) that bring Sam Peckinpah or Enzo G. Castellari around Keoma. Japanese cinema has always been influenced by Western and other Hollywood works and vice versa, and G.I. Samurai easily transforms this melting pot east to west into an exciting movie. Movie makers take seriously the whole thing seriously and the film benefits him a lot. Not that the language mentality in the cheek is completely absent, it's just that it's not trying to get into the audience so bad - it's - good that laughs at their movies. The budget was probably strong, as is evident in hundreds of extracts, elaborate costumes (very decent for a non-traditional geki production) and special effects. Camera and editing are all top, almost better than a movie that does not have superior artistic ambitions deserves. It is not without its defects, of course. There are numerous scenes of "songs" where all sorts of Japanese rock, disco and country songs play over montages (there is a scene of bondage, a scene of love, a scene of "war is hell", etc.). The pieces themselves are quite lame and crashing. Although it ends at 140 minutes, it flies like a bullet for the most part. However, some scenes, flashbacks and subplots in the first half of the year could have been cut off for a tougher effect. Also, distribution is worth mentioning, with prominent names like Sonny Chiba, Isao Natsuyagi (Goyokin, Samurai Wolf), Tsunehiko Watase (Yakuza Documents) and Hiroyuki Sanada, all hitting the right notes.
