I would first say that somehow I remember seeing this movie at the beginning of my childhood, I could not read the subtitles, and I thought Sonny Chiba was Sean Connery. But I really liked the concept. If you fail to at least partially suspend your adult skepticism and embrace seven years old, you may want to avoid this film. Having said that, after watching the restored 137-minute version on DVD, I have to say I liked it, though not as much as when I was seven years old (I remember the end). There are aspects of the movie that are worthy of criticism, the first 15 minutes and the last 15 minutes have both really funny moments, my favorite being the contrast between scenes that have acted in the last 10 minutes and the curious choice of Supports music (listen to lyrics). <br /> <br /> For an action film, a great emphasis is placed on the personal stories of certain soldiers and on the social dynamics of the team, as their strain travels over time. By the end of the movie, I decided that this was a good thing, when seven I thought the relationship was a bad thing. For an action movie there is also plenty of action, especially some epic battle scenes between the platoon and the hordes of warriors in the Shogun era. Movie makers have assured that as many as possible deaths are bloody and, let's face, humor. I thought this was a splendid aspect of the movie when I was a kid, and I'm not ashamed to say that I'm still doing it. I also like the fact that modern soldiers generally do not spend the film on egg shells trying to avoid altering space continuity, have heavy caliber guns, mortars, rocket launchers, a tank and a helicopter, and are inclined to make Japan feudal. Which is what I would like to think any IMDb vigorous user would do in their boots. In short, the movies that are worth watching, make the viewer regret that there are not many films made with a similar premise, and at the same time offer some harsh suggestions about why a film like GI Samurai is so unique.
