What is the best way to start a review of a movie like Der Todesking? Let me start by saying that I just came directly from watching this movie and the images are still burning deep in my brain - and I do not think they will move anytime soon. <br /> <br /> It's probably fair to say that if you're on this page, you have a good idea of ​​what kind of film it's even if you have not seen it. If not, allow me to warn you that it is not a moderate budget jewel that has been lost for a few years at "near the dark", nor is it a low, "glittering", "fun" B-movie budget. What is low budget art, presented in a simple manner. The idea is simple - seven floors that spin around and end, suicides intertwined with images of a decaying corpse. Sounds simple, really boring? Is not. Words can not really describe how strong this movie is when you are halfway; Practically learns if you want to go or not. We could go on a break here about the technical advantages and disadvantages of the department; I can point out that scenes are obviously shot on super-8 cameras and are sometimes shocking. I could point out that some of the sound effects are out of sync in a way that rivals any Fulci movie, but at the end of the day, they all seem to be insignificant. as the extreme movies go, I saw the heaviest of them, and yet Der Todesking moved me in a way that others did, despite being not really stupid and having very few scenes on which I considered to be "free". In fact, the most disturbing scene I found was the last story. I will not destroy it, just to say that the emotional agony of the character drops virtually from the screen and makes you feel if you do not long for the end of it. <br /> <br /> Sure, it's not the best movie ever made and in many places it looks raw and maybe amateur, but despite these flaws, Der Todesking is an experience that I would recommend to anyone who likes the cinema challenge. If you're someone who likes comfortable movies or "cute" movies, or just wants to do something brutal and useless, that's not what you're looking for. <br /> <br /> Whether you enjoy it or not, it's one that you will not forget too quickly.
