The author Nekromantik, the second film by Jörg Buttgereit, "Der Todesking," is a powerful masterpiece. Centralized around a chain letter from a group called "Brotherhood of the Seventh Day," the film presents 7 episodes, each one having a day in a week, where suicide is approached using different characters and situations while the letter is do are rounds. Do not touch this if you love Hollywood movies or music, enjoy happy "normal" movies or even from a distance or expect a movie to be good only if it focuses on the action of the scene. The nihilist levels, Der Todesking's avant-garde approach, explain well why Buttgerit's films were generally banned in Germany, their home country, in the 1980s and most of the 1990s. Der Todesking does not really focus on the characters that appear on the screen, but apathy or depression is meaningless, most people live in general. Buttgeit does not find any reason to live, just reasons to stop, and when you choose how and when you die, you can also be the King of Death, Der Todesking. Buttgeit's films are generally hard to categorize, and Der Todesking is no exception. Featuring the same crew and almost the same piece as all his other films, "artistic film" would probably be the closest description every time. Der Todesking has an original method of drawing, creating mood and treating the central object in almost every scene. During a scene, the camera slowly, continuously, rotates in a circle of 360 degrees, while a person lives in a small room for a day. During the other, Buttgereit uses sound and film corruption to describe the mental state of the collapsing man as he lives in his despair. During a third, the appealing appearances of scene names, ages and occupations of the real people who committed suicide are displayed on the screen, assuming they guarantee the ban in Germany for this particular film. The episode of the films one, because scenes are only vaguely connected) generally suffer from incoherence, and Der Todesking is no exception. Although all episodes have the same fire of death and its consequences or consequences in all variants, there are very strong episodes, but an episode or two may even look like filler, partly leading to the global power of the film - yet extreme intervals powerful, decomposing body, manage to keep the film together and cleanse it from vague moments back to the status of greatness. The general atmosphere is tangled, frightening, very depressing, and sometimes even disgusting - so many dozens of people have stayed in the middle of the film during a theater that shows in a film festival that I took part in. <br /> <br /> This is a film that leaves a lasting impression and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a special experience and something that will definitely remember in the years to come. Not recommended for light-hearted fans or fans of showtime, this is a small, different film that truly generates feelings in public. Whether it's confusion, amazement or even hate, it's unlikely to be cool for that, in my opinion, the best achievement of this small indie crew. The main theme of the film, Die Fahrt in Reich der Menschentrümmer, Part I-III, was released in a limited edition of 666 tracks, which is now much sought after. You can get a classic masterpiece by getting the CD "The Nekromantik" We recommend: Lo-Fi synthesizer music is dark and strange, almost illusive, is an essential part of the film's atmosphere and it's something rare to hear otherwise.
