"Like the first touch of pleasure and vice, like a spontaneous youth of fascination and fear, as a culmination of contradictory emotions," one of the movie fans said after watching LOVE AT THE TOP, the erroneous title version the elegant director Michel Deville, LE MOUTON ENRAGE. Vincent Canby, in the New York Times, however, after the 1974 premiere of the film, said: "Peaceful Love, which opened yesterday at 68th Street Playhouse, is a French comedy in 1973, the number of English comedies in 1915, about the growth and growth of young cynical youngsters possessed by ambition. " However, the significant difference that was mentioned was that LOVE AT THE TOP does not deal with the English class system ... (January 27, 1975) After leaving the assessments to a single individual, of course, the test time has done its job. What can be said for sure after more than 30 years is that we can hardly find such films as LE MOUTON ENRAGE where decadence seems innocent, where the ties seem enthusiastic to young people, where feelings appear so manipulative. <br /> <br /> For fans of Romy Schneider, it seems useless to point out that this movie is something you should see, not only because it offers a unique performance (as it did in all its roles ) at her career age (9 years before her sudden death), but because she is particularly attractive here. It is not TRIO INFERNAL where, for example, the "forced escape" and the mockery of Romy's sweet image, haunted for years by Sissi sugar, meets the most discouraging manifestation, but with a film in which the bright actress has a fair role . She plays Roberte, a woman who becomes the object of the desire to lead the story, the playboy Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). He is the one who gets financial profits from bad ties. This film boasts truly memorable and unique photos of Romy and gives her some of the best scenes. Romy's sexual appeal is unforgettable here. Another strength of the film is the execution of the content with an individual perception. Imoral, as it seems, the director uses the contrast perfectly: pleasures, innocence vs. decadence, true verse. instrumental adventure. Nicola possesses most of the features that viewers may wish or may turn away, may be appealing or disgusting; however, these are the traits that viewers have to deal with seriously, more to say, they are the ones that we all have to accept. That is why one is led into a specific, gentle, unique erotic world of the main character. Although she sleeps with a lot of women, there are two women who represent a sort of contradictory world for Nicola: Roberte Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). He manipulates them, makes them love with them, can not refrain from both the desire for the body and their desire for money; however, they perceive them differently. And yet, despite this "adult maturity," he is emotional as a little boy playing with a toy car on the table - a kind of "detailed understanding of the masculine mind ..." in a sort of comedy, course. Ultimately, there are very good performances, which makes LE MOUTON ENRAGE slightly underrated. Not only does Romy Schneider do a brilliant work that gives viewers an extraordinary insight into her role, but young Jane Birkin seems convincing in the role of the young, inexperienced, Marie Paul, Jean Louis Trintignant, makes it possible to see Nicola the right way. This artistic merit, which is in the shows, is performed with the wonderful music of Camille Saint-Saëns, the song that will sound long in your ears. Therefore, apart from some film defects, such as dated colors, slow actions (sometimes), possible cliques (observed by some viewers), merits should be found significant. <br /> <br /> LE MOUTON ENRAGE, in summary, is a clear manifestation of the other manipulative instruments of life. It is worth seeing as a moment in Romy's career, a prelude to powerful heroism, a chain of emotions to the contrary, love and hatred, appreciation and disgust for the first orgasm and first anasma ... But we are not human, viewers, film lovers built on such contrasts?
