I can not say too much about California, unfortunately I have not seen everything yet (I only managed to see Fuse in pieces). But what I saw is absolutely wonderful! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt, but I admit that not all his previous films are good. But this role, I just, his action is great, his early character seems to be so normal, well crazy, strange darkness, but you know normal for a hillbilly of that guy, I guess. And the performance of Juliette Lewis, though I see how they can be disturbed by some, I think it's amazing. Unfortunately, I have not seen the end yet, but reading other reviews here sounds good, but disappointing. I have to admit that I wish David Duchovany (I'm sorry if the spelling was incorrect) was a bit flat, but for him it was good. The character of his wife was better and I thought her performance while not being the best in the movie was pretty good, a portrait of the avant-garde / older sister. Especially the scene where Early and Brian go to play pool, and Adele and Carrie have one together. I've been watching that scene at least twice, and I still think the action in it is just great. One of the emotions that Adele interprets after talking about being raped by the three guys and how she feels Early and Carrie's reaction to that. Everything about that I think is so perfect. I mean, maybe because I can refer a little, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> As for Brad Pitt, who plays the serial killer we can see for one time; I thought it was wonderful. Some Pitt movies I've seen were just average or not worth seeing. I do not think I've ever seen a terrible movie about Pitt, or if I did not do it because of her acting, there are other factors. This movie was not one of them. It had great performance in California. I swear they are not just random people that they like for their role, not just because they look good, that is, their character in this movie is not really nice or cute by any means! Pitt is dark, puffy and scary at times. However, he is also cheerful, funny, beautiful and even loving Adele. There were some spots that made me want to go through the TV and shake it, but I'm probably just me (and the character Pitt played in the movie). But it also shows how good Pitt's actor was in this movie, playing a character, what he has to do. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I'd like to say more, but that's all I can really say without seeing the end, I've seen most of the movie by what I caught on Fuse and , I'm writing this I'm recording on the DVR so I hope I can write a more complete review later. I just wanted to share my thoughts on a movie I thought was something cool and something that seemed to have been overlooked (it should not have been!)
