I've seen this movie many years ago and made a long lasting impression. Unfortunately, I've been hard at many movies over the years and I did not expect to be impressed by "California" when I looked again recently. I'm pleased to say he's just as nervous and watching as it was ten years ago. There are two things that really give this film its power. The first is its distribution. We have an amazing turning-off of a young Brad Pitt, like Early Grace. Knowing Pitt, as we all do, as one of the most painful heartbeats that Hollywood has ever had, it's refreshing to see him playing it in such a vague, unattractive character. Pitt takes off the show without resorting to the white cliché or parody and manages to remain truly terrifying throughout the movie. Juliette Lewis is as impressive as Grace's tragic girlfriend, playing the character as a ten-year old girl with a lifetime of forty years. Lewis manages to evoke mercy (for the station of her character in life) as well as contempt (for her naivety), but she supports her performance with a rare subtlety seen by such a young actor. Personally, I think it is a tragedy that neither Pitt nor Lewis have been nominated for prizes for their performances here. David Duchovony and Michelle Forbes are both perfectly dressed as a young man, involuntarily USA with Pitt and Lewis. Duchovony is apparently jealous and naive, and Forbes seems to be cynical and imprisoned, but both actors convincingly imagine the changes of characters because they are as intrigued, repulsed and appealing by Pitt. fine casting and a glamorous, even action, this film truly grabs the proverbial balls through its flawless rhythm. When Hollywood was released, Hollywood released a series of psychotic films ("Single White Female," "The Heads That Rocks The Cradle," "Delayed," "Sleeping with the Enemy", etc. .). Most of these films followed the same formula, the only variation being the nature of the relationship between the good guy and the bad guy. "California" does not move too far from this territory, but the first two acts are the perfect example of the thriller with a slow slowdown, and we are held at the edge of our seats, waiting for the flow to return. When the money escapes, and Pitt is left to play a bad maniac, the film changes gears completely and the last twenty minutes do not live to the rest of the movie. That being said, the action is thick and fast and the resolution is right for the cold. The fight is over, but the scars will always be there. Much of the narrative (provided by some whiny, pre-X-files Duchovony) is a tad contrived. Of course, it is the book written by Duchovony's journalist, so it could be argued that the self-conscious narrative is meant to be a sign of the sensational style in which most journalists write. <br /> <Film is largely a success and is certainly a reduction of over 90% of the thrillers of the last twenty years. Highly recommended, but not for the weak of the stomach or mind. This movie is disturbing on several levels. But then it must be.
