I have seen "California" before (it must be about 10 years ago) and still remember to be very impressed with it. That's why I wanted to see him again and all I can say is that he has not lost his power, even if I'm used to much more when it comes to movies than I was ten years ago. "California" tells the story of writer Brian Kessler and his girlfriend, Carrie Laughlin, a photographer who wants to move to California. But instead of climbing into a plain and tumultuous field in the state where they say it never rains, they choose to make a trip by car. He wants to write a book about America's most famous killers and make the right photos. But because their car uses an enormous amount of gasoline, they decide to take another couple with them so they can spread the cost of the trip. Only one couple responded to the answer, so they will automatically be the lucky ones. But they have not met yet and when they first saw the other couple, when their journey has already begun, Carrie is shocked. Without being prejudiced, she can only conclude that Early Grayce and Adele Corners are white trash for white trailer parks. She certainly does not want them in her car, but Brian does not care to take with them and decides to stop and take anyway. At first, the couple does not seem so bad, but gradually Grayce changes from a hillbilly trashy into a ruthless murderer ... Not only the story is very impressive, acting from the four rulers. Brad Pitt is incredible like Early Greyce. His performances in this movie could be his best ever. The same for Juliette Lewis. She plays a childish and naive girlfriend who does not want to hear a bad word about her Priest and does it very well. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are also a surprise. They both did a really good job and I was wondering why I never heard anything from Forbes again from this movie, because it really proves to be a great talent. Generally, this is a very good and impressive psychological thriller with a very strong story, but because of graphic violence, I imagine it may not be everybody's taste (though I do not really see another way to treat a killer in series in a credible way). I personally loved this film and violence never disturbed me (it's part of the story too important to be left out). I rewarded this movie with 8/10.
