In the same way as Natural Born Killers, another film that was not so popular with critics because of excessive violence, but I liked it, California is a film that clearly glamorizes violence, but I like it to think it turns into a final act. Kind of like The Basketball Diaries glamorizes drugs at first, but shows the bad side to the end of the movie, which is far worse than the good side is good. David Duchovny plays Brian Kessler, an artistic yuppie with an even more artistic yuppie girlfriend, who is in this violent, black and white photograph, generally reserved for, I do not know where, where nudity passes for art. Maybe I even do and I do not understand. In any case, Brian and Carrie (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes, who fit the role perfectly) make the perfect couple take a documentary tour of the famous crime spots. Brian, the writer, will write the book, Carrie can take the pictures. Being artistic, Brian and Carrie are not financially prepared for such a trip, so they put out an announcement for someone who borrows gas and travel expenses and are contacted by Early Grace and Adele Corners (Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis). He is early released and granted for janitorial work at the local university by his passport officer, sees his announcement on a bulletin board and decides to leave the state for a while, violating his passwords but leaving the scene of the owner's murders scene, so he does not will have to face a boring crime investigation. Two birds with one stone, you know. The film has a curious ability to describe two stereotypes, yuppies art and trailer trash without resorting to clichés or even ending with caricatures of any kind. Brian and Carrie are liberal artists, but while Carrie catches Early and Adele, Brian is fascinated by Early's status as an officer, as seen in the scene where Brian shot Early's gun. He never fired a gun, he is fascinated by a small kid. While Adele and Carrie return to a hotel, Adele reveals such things in her childish manner as the fact that Early "broke" her smoking and she is not allowed to drink (Early I do not think women would should), Early and Brian are out at the local bar. Brian reacts nervously to a drunk who is trying to start a fight with him, and Early gives Brian advice first of all about what he has to do, and then he goes in and takes a quick lesson for this guy. - You hit him, Bri, he's coming. This is one of my favorite scenes in the movie, partly because it's so funny what Early says to the guy who removes him, bled and beaten, but because because he gets in with the girls back to the hotel, we learn a lot about everything two couples, the differences between them and the conflicts that might arise from them. And, in addition, because Brian benefited from Early's actions, and Carrie is frightened of what she's hearing from Adele, she also illustrates how Carrie and Brian react to Early and Adele. Obviously, so far, you can say that this type of typical thriller of the typical young type is not typical, if the people of the town meet in the folk country and all sorts of stereotypical chaos. On the one hand, it seems a little too convenient for Brian and Carrie to go to a crime scene tour and simply be accompanied by a real killer, but on the other hand it is a great way to counter the glorification of the inherent crime in a country trip, meant to bring fame and murder to their fame. While studying the actions of the murderers of the past, Brian and Carrie finally find themselves face to face with the material they are studying and realize that killing is not as fascinating and morbid when it is ahead, as is the case through past crime studies. I am constantly amazed at the versatility of Brad Pitt as an actor. Consider, for example, his roles in films such as California, 12 Monkeys, Battle Club and Ocean 11 and 12. Pitt is like Tom Hanks in the sense that he can change his drastic or sufficient appearance to suit a given character and is completely credible. Besides, I tried in vain to be Early Grace for Halloween this year, but I did not get the right hair and beard. I even had the right hat, which I initially thought would be the most difficult part. It's easy to understand why a lot of people have not despised California or why they think it glorifies violence and crime, but I think that any kind of glorification is done with the intention of clarifying the public's understanding of its subject. A film that did not glorify violence, at least initially, could never be as effective as California, but the film is structured perfectly. Glorification is embodied by Brian and Carrie's fascination with the idea of ​​crime and the aura of the place where it happened, but their realization and ours are embedded in the true thing they meet with Early and Adele. The aim of the film is to describe that difference between the idealization of violence and to see how close and real the horror is.
