It's a road movie, with a killer aboard. Brian Kessler (David Duchovny), a sophisticated urban writer, wants to conduct fieldwork on US serial killers. But neither he nor his girlfriend, Carrie (Michelle Forbes), have money for a tour in the territory of the murder countries, so they advertise for someone to share their travel expenses. Whoever comes with them is a young couple, Early Grayce (Brad Pitt) and his girlfriend, Adele (Juliette Lewis), two better examples of "poor white garbage" that you will never find in all the cinemas. /> Indeed, Early and Adele are what makes this movie so fun as it buzzes, cocks, confesses, moves, speculates, fades and behaves differently in ways we have not seen since the rebellions " The Bevelly Hillbillies. " California's early idea: "People think faster there, because of that warm weather, the cold weather makes people bad." That's enough to convince Adele: "I think that explains why there are so many stupid people here." He reacts early with pride: "Of course he does." At first, he was instructing Adele about California: "You never have to buy any kind of fruit because everything is on the trees ... and they do not have speed limits and I heard that the first month's rent is free, state law ". But the Early Early has some, well-being, mental problems that become more and more obvious to Brian and Carrie as the four travelers go west across the US. As it enters the Southwest Desert with its beautiful stark landscape, California begins to show more and more "The Hitcher" (1986), and Early begins to act more and more on John Ryder, the maniacal traveler of all, whose terror seemed so unstoppable. "California," the act is uneven. Duchovny's performance is payable. Brad Pitt is surprisingly efficient, despite the fact that he has overcome sometimes. Michelle Forbes is great as the avant-garde artist, photographer. But my choice for the best performance is Juliette Lewis. With her nasal voice and accentuated emphasis on the South, she is stunning, like the animated naive, very animated, such as Adele. By the end, the film takes a Twilight Zone, while our travelers enter a Nevada nuclear test site with an old, dilapidated, test-dummy house. The land decomposes quite harshly into useless and absurd violence, an end that was somewhat disappointing. In general, however, California is a fun movie, thanks to a smart concept, a great landscape, especially in the second half, a good cinema, a great dialogue and that wonderful show of Juliette Lewis.
