Although I am grateful for this obscure piece of Italian cinemas in the 1970s, within the recently launched "Grindhouse Experience," and although it is also available on the disc under the misleading and stupid "Escape from Death Row" alternative, it deserves a DVD edition correct and luxurious, complete in its original languages ​​spoken with subtitle options (doubling is really horrible), a limited image quality and a truck of special bonus features! Heck, I do not even need the restored features and bonus features if we could watch the movie in its original language. "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony" is a funny mafia / murder story, with a lot of violence, comedy (which, of course, does not always work), feminine beauty and two main characters. Tony Lo Bianco is wonderful as the little candy that claims to be the city's greatest don. When true killer Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) arrives in the city, he sees an opportunity to climb the ladder offering his services. Frankie initially ignores the little crook, but eventually forms an unlikely team when Frankie's entire criminal empire turns against him, and a new French Christian murderer even assassinates Frankie's innocent brother. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison and together he heads to Marseilles to get Frankie's revenge. The scenario of this neglected crime stones unmistakably changes the action and suspense with comedy pieces directed to the light, such as the grotesque car watching for example on the narrow French mountain streets. The construction of the mafia's typical execution sequences (driven by an excellent score by Riz Ortolani) are extremely tense, and the real crimes are sadistic and ruthless, probably because of the film being considered a beam class. The film does not have a firm lead, because the beautiful and amazingly beautiful beauty Edwige Fenech appears sadly in several scenes and then in the background. From the men behind the room, responsible for the superb cinema, no less Joe D'Amato. The great movie, highly recommended to Italian fans, and I hope to see it again soon in the original version.
