I have never heard of Leos Carax up to his Merde segment in recent years in Tokyo, and he has been easy to record the three stories of the film. It was not my favorite shorts, but it was the most unique and the most iconic. "Lovers on the Bridge" was the first of the lengths I've seen, a virtuous romantic film that uses the image and music to communicate an exuberant love flowing into poetics. Although he is classified as a neo-new vogue, his films owe as much to the silent cinema as the experimental narratives of the 1960s. His films are closer to Jean Vigo in "L'atlante", Jean Cocteau and Guy Maddin, than Godard and Truffaut. In the debut of 1984's Boy Meets Girl Carax, he uses black and white and his strong dependence on visual representation to display emotional states. He combines Madden's exaggerated world, but he relies on a reality that never seems as stable as Cocteau, but by virtue of his expressions becomes more accessible, more moving and exciting than Vigo's films. by Boy Meets Girl is simple and is similar to two of Carax's films, which include this "Young Lovers" trilogy. A boy named Alex, played by Denis Lavant (who plays a character named Alex in the next two films by Carax), was just taken out of his girlfriend who fell in love with his best friend. In the first scene, almost kills his friend on a pavement, but he is no longer murdered. He goes around the memories of her, through the sounds of his neighbors sex, and the dreams of his girlfriend and his best intimate intimate friend. He steals his records and leaves them to his friend's apartment, but avoids direct contact with each of them. She wanders around and finds her way to a party where she meets a young suicide, and the film becomes part of Breathing and Limelight. Later, he is advised by an old man with sign language to "talk to you ... young today. It's like forgetting how to talk." The old man gives an anecdote about working in silent days and how a shy off stage actor has become a "lion" confident in front of the room. Heres where the handwriting movie, but the reference to the silent film is a crucial scene because it overlaps the style of the movie (silent and expressionist) with the content (a lovover young man working to work the courage to say and do the things that really wants). Although Alex is initially thinking of a stream of romantic words that overturns to the end, he is the shy actor who becomes a lion due to the magnification of the films of his inner feelings, which are not easily stabbed from moment to moment, outside the desire to you fall in love. There is a scene in the movie where Alex withdraws from the party in a room where guests have kept their children and children all crying in a choir that fills that room until they return to a children's show , making them fall silent. Unexpectedly, due to a disturbance, the TV ends by playing a secret camera in the bathroom that reveals that the hostess is crying for her in her wig about someone she misses. Even though Carax is self-reflexive and depreciates himself from the story of his age he is trying to say (the drunk room), he is quite mature to see through the initial irony at lovelorn in all the cross movies. Even the rich old man of the bell has a brother he misses. In another scene, a former astronaut looked at the moon he once did in his youth while drinking a cocktail in silence. Although he was indebted to the movies before the shows, Carax is a master of music in Dead Kennedy's "Holiday in Kambodia" or in an early melody of David Bowie, the sounds of a man playing a piano or a blurred girl. In Boy Meets Girl, when someone gets their heart broken, we see that the blood is poured out of their shirt, when a couple kisses on the sidewalk rotate 360 ​​degrees as if they were attached to a carousel when Alex goes into a party and feels outside, because the most interesting people in the world are really in attendance; as well as the famous author who can not speak because of a bullet put in his brain or the desired universe of 1950, which was just above the astronauts. This film is the missing link between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondry and Wes Anderson, whose stylistic blooming and strange whimsical stories, all have a parallel with different visuals, musicals and emotions in these Carax films. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Each dialogue line, every piece of music and every effect and editing in this movie resonated with me at a certain emotional level, some lacking articulation words. There are many stories of a boy who meets a girl, but rather than exploring the banal details of any particular event, this film captures the ecstatic truth of adolescent passion and disappointment. The other movies you want to watch can wait. See this first. If I make movies, I would like to be like that, actually I want all the movies to be so, where the ephemeral becomes bigger than life and life itself becomes a dream.
