Put yourself in Carla's shoes. It is an excessive, unappreciated administrative hunt that is invisible. You know her: she has prepared three of her last bosses, knows where all the bodies are buried, and they might even look back in the mirror when you brush your teeth. Having always time for another ingrained pregnancy and doing better than most, despite a serious disability, has the office on the toilet road, which becomes the half-finished coffee mug to be spilled. What the? Do not you want to hear it? Well, she can not and can not help until your listening machine is in place. Prepare to experience life from the perspective of people with hearing deficiencies. Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) needs a change in her life. Work is not going anywhere; friends rely on it to meet their internal needs and the only way out begins with a collapse that goes virtually unnoticed. He will not take a vacation - a contract is critical - so the only alternative is to hire an assistant. Carla presents requirements that convey her real needs: a well-groomed man. This brings an endorsement requiring us to remind us that we should be mindful of our desires. Paul (Vincent Cassell) has been doing everything wrong since the start of his employment interview, and his engagement clearly demonstrates Carla's interest in his non-job qualities. She sees the potential in this former thief and, as the story unfolds, their relationship grows in a very unusual way of co-dependence. <br /> <br /> Paul has a difficult transition that returns to the world outside the prison walls and is in a different prison: one of the office varieties and one of long-serving servitude to pay an old debt . Her skills as a thief help Carla win a political fight in the office. But Paul sees a greater opportunity with Carla's ability to read reading and attracts even more into a world of intrigue. This is a brutal, unrecognizable and probably suitable movie for older teenagers. Carla becomes stronger, more professional and personal, the story progressing, and her handicap gives her clear advantages over others. It grows like a woman who discovers her sensual side while using her resources to overcome obstacles to competition in the human world. The two main characters are destined for each other, in a strange way. Without Paul, Carla will remain in her role as a prisoner. He has sympathy, hopes and best wishes, even if he does not make the best decisions along the way. <br /> <br /> You will hear the world through Carla's ears, from the awkward adjustments of your hearing aid, subdued sounds, all without a voice without quite distinct voices when you see who's talking. With a major deactivated sense, we see Carla's intuitive power to compensate. And we can all use this sense to hear not only what people say, but what they really mean.
