WWE Armageddon, December 17, 2006 - Live at Richmond Coliseum, Richmond, VA Kane vs MVP in an Inferno match: So this is the fourth ever infernal game ever in the WWE and is Kane vs MVP (wonders why was the first match on the card). I just saw the parts that end up when Kane sets MVP's ass on fire as they are on apron and then MVP runs around the arena while screaming ?? Eventually the refs burned the fire with a fire extinguisher as the MVP sprawls around the entrance ramp. Funny and visibly quite fun ending. WWE Tag Team Championship: It was originally supposed to be William Regal and Dave Taylor vs. Brian Kendrick & Paul London (c) in a regular team tag match. However, GM Teddy Long comes to the ring and announces that it will be a Fatal 4-way tag cloud match. MNM and The Hardys are thrown into and all the chaos. A word to describe this eye-opener? Wow. Dude, I really do not remember how many sick spots were in this match and the words can not really do justice. There was a particularly notable place where The Hardys created a staircase in a saw blade and Jeff jumped from the top rope while Matt held MNM to kill and then WHAM! Nitro exploded, while Mercury apparently broke it and bleed like a hell, with the lacerations on his face. It had to be taken and Nitro continued the game alone. Another place was when Jeff bombarded London while FLIPPING was pulled out of the stairs. There were other stunning spots that flew too much to remember. London finally uncovers the belts to win this sneak. 8.5 / 10 <br /> <br /> Boogeyman vs. The Miz: The two men are thrown into and around the ring until Boogeyman explodes a stay bomb for victory, and then scours worms over Miz's mouth as usual. 5.5 / 10 for this three-minute incognito. US Championship: Chris Benoit (c) faces Chavo Guerrero in yet another typical Guerrero game. Some good spots included a superplex on the top rope of Chavo and an unusually long chain of German Benoit superiors. Vicki Guerrero comes in the ring with Benoit's belts, but Benoit scares her and takes a long time to decide whether to put her in a Sharpshooter or not. This allows Chavo to go roll-up, but Benoit gives it back and Chavo is locked in Sharpshooter. Game over. A hard fight to fight, though slowly sometimes. WWE Cruiserweight Championship: Gregory Helms (c) vs. Jimmy Wang Yang for it, in a rather moderate match. Did the match have some good flying spots? especially since Helms is moving from the top rope? but the crowd did not seem to be in it after seeing the stadium match, and Yang must gain more in the air. Helms won the match after blowing Yang with a knee knee kick. 7.5 / 10 <br /> <br /> Undertaker vs. Kennedy in a Last Ride: After a series of matches between the two, this time is a Last Ride game, the second of its kind and the winner must accompany his opponent in the arena in a robbery. Very good indeed for what these two could offer. Kennedy manipulated a lot of Taker and even broke up with an emergency blow to throw Taker off the Armageddon Plate to about 15 feet below; and thank God for Kennedy, otherwise it would have been brutal. Kennedy won almost until Taker got back inside the robbery (I liked seeing the room inside the robbery). Then Taker missed a steel pipe throwing Kennedy and broke his window, then left Kennedy later to open himself with a chair followed by a consecutive blow to Tombstone on the roof of his shirt. Kennedy was unconscious and Taker banished him from the arena to win. Actually, I really woke up to the availability of these guys to get / take real sick pictures. 7.5 / 10 <br /> <br /> Santa Claus comes in the ring, I'm going "what the hell?" like many of the children in the crowd, and then the word "lingerie contest" gets to my ear. Break time. <br /> <br /> Batista and John Cena vs. Finlay & King Booker: Talks about charisma and technicality. This game was actually a pretty good main event, with rational impulse from team to team and keeping good suspense. Even Finlay had some good legitimate kicks on his opponents this time (I kind of bent on his strength against the Champs) and he and Booker did not basically try to cheat? except for a moment when Booker stuck his scepter in Cena's neck. Batista hit Bomba on Booker for victory, did not come to see F-U; Price did in any case 5 Knuckle Shuffle and I think he did the STFU. It was probably the best technical match of the night, and the participants made superb for what they could without a 7.5 / 10 scale. Being a WWE fan, I have to agree that Armageddon was caught with many eye- catching all the way, and the scale match eventually swallowed half of the show; Last Ride was a few nervous spots and the main event was very good for its category. All other matches also lived up to their billing, with the exception of perhaps Boogeyman vs. The Miz bout and unnecessary lingerie competition. Overall, Armageddon was a pleasant payoff and, despite some big breaks in the PPV chronology, Armageddon deserves respect this year. PPV rating: 8/10.
