WWE has produced some of the worst pay per view in its history in recent months. Sunday Cyber, The Survivor Series and December to Dismember were terrible to say at least and thus relied on his show-brand B, Smackdown! to try to end the year on a high note. Armageddon had two major matches in Last Ride and Inferno, three championships were on the line and an exciting main event in the form of a team war with Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay. However, it was an amendment to one of those championship matches that brought us not only the night match, but also a match of the year's candidate when Teddy Long gave our fans a Christmas gift early. T-Lo changed the match of the WWE Tag championship champions, London and Kendrick against Regal and Taylor to a match to the score of 4 teams including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. I'm not going to stop here too much fit that I can not say that she could do it right. It must be seen to be believed. There were many high places and many more brutal blows and uncomfortable landings. The only move I have to make, however, was the one that led Joey Mercury straight to the emergency room in the middle of the contest. Jeff Hardy jumped on a ladder who was set up in a position to see Matt Hardy holding both MNM members across the opposite end to take all the strength. Unfortunately for Mercury he did not raise his hands to defend his face and took all the force in his nose and left eye. It was vicious. His face was instantly a mess to all, and it was not surprising that it ended early on Mercury's night. I found out that later he suffered a broken nose and cut under the left eye. Be warned. This is not for the weak of the heart. The finish of this match roller coaster came after Paul London managed to capture both the winning championship belts. I've been looking at the wrestling for almost 15 years and it has nothing better than this match. Incredible. <br /> <br /> The night was just opened with the 4th Inferno match ever. Kane took over MVP in a good match, but it was visual and not action. There were a few flamethrough calls for both competitors, but Kane eventually forced MVP into flames after they both got out of the ring. The MVP ran around the ring, while his ass was in the fire, and it was a sick part of me who laughed gazing. I can tell Michael Hayes that MVP will be out on Smackdown next week! to the Johnny Cash fire ring. The other gimmick of the night and the second match of a triple main event was a final war game between the last war between Kennedy and The Undertaker. It was a rigid match from start to finish and was the best of the Undertaker and Kennedy series yet. The pillars, chairs and a scene used had made The Undertaker thrown 15 meters from Armageddon, sitting on what was supposed to be the concrete floor. Unfortunately, it was clear that this was nothing but a math crash, and the crowd did not pop for it. The end took place after he died from The Dead Man at Kennedy, at the top of the cottage, quickly followed by a winning tombstone. In other notable events it happens on the card. Chris Benoit defeated Chavo Guerrero by filing in another rigid match. This was a very good match with Benoit hitting eight German superiors at Chavo at one time. Benoit was also thinking of putting Vikki Guerrero in sharp or not. Fortunately, he came to his senses and let her go. This led to Chavo trying to roll up just to be countered in the sliding shoe for filing. Another cracking match on the card was the Cruiserweight Championship Championship of WWE's longest champion, Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Yang. Featuring many flight and dangerous flights, some of which took place outside the ring, it was a much more meritorious match for the crowd than what it received. JBL did the best when he beat the fans in Richmond, Virginia, because he stood in their hands during the other and at some point even started a boring song. Helms took the duke after a jawbreaker maneuver with Smackdowns' knees! resident redneck. <br /> <br /> The Boogeyman fixed The Miz in a useless game. I hate The Boogeyman with a passion. It's just worth listening and JBL is fighting Miz. JBL is comedy gold. The last match of the evening was number 3. The main event of the world champion, Batista and the WWE champion, John Cena, was equipped with Finlay and champion champion King Booker. There was no way in which the match could be part of the previous tag team match, but still had fun. The match would have been more memorable if five to ten minutes were awarded, but how many times did I say about WWE matches this year. King Booker was set at the end of the match after a big Batistabomb. So 2006 was finished for WWE in terms of the pay-per-view schedule. It began the year with a terrible note with the New Year's Revolution, but ended up tall with Armageddon. This Ladder game will be remembered long ago as one of the biggest stadium matches ever. My hat is off to all eight competitors, but their bodies on the line to give the fans one hell of a match.
