Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer is a very lost player on the cartoon market. This market is basically dominated by Looney Tunes and Melody Merry Shorts, coming from Warner Bros. But MGM is also able to release hidden stones such as "To Spring," an amazing story about the most beautiful season of the year. /> <br /> In the environment described here, spring is not caused by natural cycles, it is manufactured. And by whom? Through some male elves living underground. Every spring, when the snow begins to melt, they begin to work. Start by breaking columns of rainbow rocks, then reducing them to debris and using these debris to turn it into color fluids that will be moved to the ground and wearing grass, flowers ... In other words, the spring! The first half of the cartoon illustrates the spring production, but the second part is slightly different. The Old Winter returns and tries to extend the winter by destroying the work of the elves. So from this point, we are witnessing a struggle between the elves and the old man of winter. The music you hear here is great. The melodious pieces stick to the head like an ink spot on a sheet of paper. The songs of the second part are thrilling and perfectly fit the action. It's just fantastic, Giorgio! Animation sequences are also a pleasure. The colors are well blended and every little detail is shown in a massive, epic environment. The concept itself is brilliant. Elves attract characters, as well as Old Man Winter, which effectively depicts the cold and ruthless feelings of the white season. Here is also a powerful message. The battle seems to be lost to the elves at the end, until a single late elf arrives in action and leads to victory of the elves over the winter. So the point is: only one person can make the difference. In conclusion, "To Spring" is a remarkable classic lost in the short cartoon era. What's most remarkable is that the director of this drawing made his debut here. And who is the director "Spring"? It's a certain William Hanna ...
