"Death Lends A Hand" is one of the pivotal episodes of "Columbo" that helped define the show over the next thirty years. She marks the first of four appearances by Robert Culp (three as a killer), playing the same role in each show. In this case, Culp plays Brimmer, the head of a large private detective company who is asked to investigate if the wife of a wealthy newspaper tycoon, Mr. Kennicut, has an affair. Although it is, Brimmer decides not to tell Kennicut in the hope that he can blackmail his wife in exchange for information about her husband's business associates. She reacts badly to this suggestion, which results in an argument that quickly turns into violence as Brimmer turns her face. Because he's wearing a big ring, the blow kicks her to the ground and kills her. There are really invaluable moments in this episode. One of my favorite scenes is where Columbo claims to be in palm reading, though this is actually a shame to discover the shape and size of Brimmer's ring without recognizing that he knows the killer wore a ring. Columbo being Columbo, he only reveals what he really knows when the time is exactly to turn the screws a little. So initially he plays a role in a rather simple man who feels excited about the "rescue line that goes over the moon's moon," or a kind of ridiculous mumbo-jumbo reading palm. an extraordinary scene is when Brimmer tries to give Columbo a job for his firm, actually biting him to not hit the nose. Again, Columbo does not disclose that he knows what's going on, he pretends to be honored and delighted with this job offer. And there's another place where Columbo tells Kennicut, in front of Brimmer, that he wants the murderer to hear their conversation. He wants to suck Brimmer out of him without accusing him directly, so rather cruel (but easy to understand in circumstances) he decides to play brilliant games on Brimmer to panic and to do something stupid. Of course, he does! All this time, dissatisfied Kennicut does not know the subject of this conversation. Columbo explains everything to Kennicut (not shown on screen). I will not reveal how Columbo eventually hit the murderer's bat, but to say there is a potato involved. .. A very good episode, probably the best in the first series. If you liked this, then you would also love the "Double Exposure" also with Robert Culp.
