This was the first episode of the Columbo movie, but was second, after Steven Spielberg's "Columbo: Murder by the Book". He is also one of the best! <br /> <br /> Bernard L. Kowalski was a great creative director! No wonder they later asked him to direct another three Columbo movies. The film has some creative and innovative real sequences, and the film as a whole is clearly made with style, passion and eye for details. Each shot connects and is why this movie is better and also looks better for any other average made for the TV movie. It's definitely one of Columbo's better-targeted movies. It's an original Columbo entry for several reasons. Killing is more or less an accident and was an impulsive act. So the killer does not have time to plan his "perfect killing" in advance, and then clean up any trace and eliminate it. The killer in this film is not just manipulated as the man who committed the crime, but more like the man who helps Lieutenant Columbo to solve the crime. It makes the character more interesting and stratified and also helps to make Columbo solve the whole crime seems more interesting and because of that. Columbo, of course, starts to suspect him early enough and he always comes to the solution, making himself vulnerable and showing worse than he does, of course, and gaining the killer's trust. This is not obviously a spoiler, because this is how each Columbo movie is set. I liked the story of the movie and how it progressed. It also helps the film to have such a fine expression. At the time of this film, Peter Falk made his own Columbo character, and his character has already been fully developed. Robert Culp is really great like Brimmer. It is funny that he will later play in three different Columbo films and a "Mrs. Columbo" episode, in completely different roles. He even played the killer in some of these movies as well as again. He was not the only actor to do that in other Columbo movies. Also, the great Ray Milland makes an appearance in this film as the husband of the victim. Overall, a true early Columbo movie and among the best in the long series of films. <br /> <br /> 9/10
