O.K. Recognize. I'm one of those nerds who spent everything with my beloved DVD player and my wonderful TV watching the science fiction series. Star Trek (Next Generation) was my first space meeting, and since then we've changed partners regularly. I have all seen it, and my favorites are "Lexx", "Farscape" and the new "Battlestar Galactica", in other words: the newest space work. But I also have a general passion on old, cheap ones, such as the spectacular four-year BBC show "Blakes7". Here, budgets are smaller than hobbits, the special effects seem to be made on a Commodore 64, but who cares when the scripts are sharp and intelligently written with dark humor, acting dead serious and sometimes even high-class? <Br> <br /> But why do I always speak English in the future? Because it is NOT the future, it's fantasy for kids. However, it can sometimes be irritating. I, being a Norwegian, have often been cursed by this terrible fact that there is never a series of genres, such as science fiction, for Scandinavian viewers. I never thought it might have happened. But, in fact, once, and even in my own country, Norway. I was two years old when the so-called Fjernsynsteatret (TV theater section) of our national public service channel NRK produced this version of three blind Blindpassasjer (The Passenger clandestin). <br /> <br /> When I first heard of her, I was not surprised that, so far, the show was once seen in Norway, which made it impossible for me to see it. She also went to Swedish, Danish, and Finnish TV at the time, but that was a long time ago. There was no video or DVD, no surprise, and when it was seen on an art cinema, it happened in Bergen, a city very far from Oslo (where I live). And then there is another fact about "Blindpassasjer", which did not surprise me, that it was written by the two Norwegian authors Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo introduced the genre SciFi genuinely for the Norwegians in the seventies; have published anthologies and have written what they call fabulous prose. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of the two writers, and he has written many great novels and entertainment, masterpieces, some of them hilarious, such as "Bazar" and "Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost". No other than this guy, also an acclaimed playwright, could build the "Blindpassasjer" scenario. <br /> <br /> When I finally got to forget it, because it was a strange Swede, who recorded the three episodes on VCR in the 1980s, eventually managed to get it convert to DVD and give it. He was a nice guy. So I sat down and watched, with Swedish subtitles, bad sound and scratches and errors; but the thing came through and I was surprised that I finally got to love him. <br /> <br /> Outdoor scenes with spacecraft and planets are better than those in Blakes7 and credit goes to the Caprino studios (which made the famous Grand Prix Flåklypa), and the Marco Polo interior (space ship) well than I expected. The actress is usually theatrical, but it works better than when interpreting Ibsen to make it easy, and Bjørn Floberg assumes the solid role, just like Trini Lund. Legendary actress Henny Jacket delivers the replies to a grave and put back the tone that fits the genre, but this is an overall game, and I am happy to say that Ola B. Johannesen wears the mustache with nobility, and Marit Østbye is really a hot and chic space of my standards. But is that so good? Well, we have to swallow the rather steep end, the pretentious critique of "modern society," but yes it is, well, not really fantastic, but charming, cold, nostalgic and pleasant. Half an hour and a half of the classic Norwegian SciFi.
