Sur mes lèvres or READ MY LIPS is a wonderful thriller that also examines the lives of "strangers," the people who live in the outskirts of our vision, struggling with the need to "fit". Director Jacques Audiard, along with co-writer Tonino Benacquista, created a thrilling, complete, fun, and completely fun thriller that makes some significant statements about people who disagree with the rules. a simple Jane, mostly deaf, thirty unusual secretaries, for a company whose life is a social and sexual isolation, and whose outlook on the future is quite bleak. Enter Paul (Vincent Cassel), a recently released ex-console parole who responds to an ad as Carla's assistant. There is a mutual physical repulsion at the first meeting: Carla had hoped that he would be a well-groomed man who could fulfill his fantasies, and Paul is an ordinary, horrible guy who is not impressed by being a clerk. Their concepts change quite quickly when Paul saves Carla's job by completing the request to steal a letter that would cost him his job, and Paul discovers Carla's lip reading ability, which he considers a way to spy past criminals his life threatening the money owed. So this strange couple of a team joins forces and together they enter into a dangerous, suspenseful game to win Paul's safety and freedom. The relationship is full of overturns and the edge of the seat suspension, with each of these unlikely characters who fulfill your roles in their lives, who make the torments in their isolation walls in surprising ways. Devos and Cassel offer brave performance and the rest of the cast is even strong. Once again, Alexandre Desplat produced a musical score that increases tension, and the cinematographer Mathieu Vadepied finds all the light and angles suited to suggest the characters' isolation worlds as well as the sense of Hitchcock's suspense. The Audiard Director wisely manipulates a factor that is as sensitive and transformative as the story: it shows the difference between "hearing" the world with and without hearing aid, and thus making some powerful social commentaries. This is a wonderful film that remains among the finest French genres of film noir. Recommended. Grady Harp
