All those who want to look at the nakedness and weaknesses of Disney Studios's latest productions come here something that should heal your wounds ... Once and for all, the life of a Bug proves that the purely synthetic images that lead a good scenario offer more interesting than the "hand-made-old-Disneys-like" fake drawings (see the lion king Pocahontas and all the latest productions where you sadly regret that Bambi's magic background and atmosphere have disappeared forever). <br /> <br /> The Life of a Bug (1001 Pattes for my French colleagues!) She succeeds in avoiding all the imperfections that make you wake up in the middle of the movie and say "Hey, this is computer-generated!" There are no weak parts, a tremendous effort to show the efficiency in the background and the overall layout of the sets, a stunning 3D bird (close to perfection in imitation of reality) ... and that's just to mention the technical aspects. <Br /> <br /> The script, my friends, the true backbone of a movie, is thick! Curiously, and obviously thanks to Lasseter's team, there's practically no musical sequence in the life of a bug. Which means the story is long and rich enough to get rid of these 3 or 4 minutes that some children appreciate, but most do not like it (the same thing for parents or anime fans like me). This movie reminded me of a very old film with Steve Martin and Chevy Chase: the three Amigos; had essentially the same background story (a whole Mexican village living in the fear of some bad boys hiring gunmen (who eventually turn into actors) to protect them, etc.). Simple but effective and brilliantly adapted to a colony of frightened ants who are confronted with the wrath of vicious insects. Since the Microcosmos, many movies tell stories of insects, lives, fears and hopes, but I think the life of a rape is the most amusing and best-directed of all. The humanization process was perfectly accomplished ... And the whole audience was captivated by Flik's adventures (aka Tilt in France). A great thank you for Lasseter's team, especially for the last 30 seconds. .. is so strange and high at the same time to see a whole theater caught in laughter while bugs / actors forget their lines or hit the camera ... And finally, especially for those of you who have seen the French version, other congratulations go to the dubbing actors who have done a great synchronization work on this movie. The life of a bug is a very good piece of play and I think it will soon become part of my movie collection (a privilege for very few movies, and that's not a problem with the storage room :)). Go and see, it's an order.
