Pixar has been massively successful over the years with the long-lasting CGI animation movies they have made. "A Bug's Life" was the second of a bunch of features they've done so far, preceded by the debut of the company's feature film, the story "Toy Story," which was the first CGI feature film. I remember when this tracking was very well announced during its release in the late 1990s, but I have never seen it until November 2006. I followed it twice that month and three years later I saw it the third time. I never felt as impressed as any other Pixar movie I've ever seen, but after three viewers, I think it's better than some of the movies I've seen from DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> The Ant Island is the home of an ants colony. These ants are forced to gather food for a band of locusts that come and take it every year. One member of this colony is Flik, ​​an inventor with a bad reputation that causes problems with his inventions, even if he does not want to do that. One year, when the colony just finished preparing the annual offer, Flik accidentally beats it in a stream just before the locusts get to it! The locust leader, Hopper, decides to give them a second chance to gather food and prepare it by the end of the season, but will have to double their offer! Flik suggests to the royal council of the colony that he goes and finds "warrior bugs" to fight the maquis when they return. Princess Atta, the future queen, lets him go on this mission, so he will not be around to cause problems while the colony tries to get food for another offer. The inventor finds a group of bugs he thinks are warriors, but after he takes them back to the Ant Island and introduces them, he finds out that they are not actually warriors, but circus bugs! why this second feature of Pixar has never absolutely stunned my characters. For me, none of them has ever lived as much as they might have and generally seems a little gentle. Fortunately, however, it is not like "Shark Tale", a very idiotic and unmoving film. "A Bug's Life" has a good enough character that viewers can root. The story also seems mild, but for the most part it is good enough to keep the movie at least moderately entertaining and sometimes has some good suspense, especially later. Humor, like other aspects of the movie, is not as good as it could have been, but there are really funny moments, some of them involving Francis, a male babe who sometimes is confused with a woman. You can always expect an extraordinary animation from Pixar, and animation in this special effort is no exception. With all this movie has to offer, it can be slightly disappointing when it comes to Pixar standards, but it's a family-friendly fun.
