Carla works for a property developer where she excels in being unattractive, unappreciated and desperate. She is also deaf. Her boss offers to hire someone to relieve her heavy workload, so she uses the opportunity to secure a male company. Help comes in the form of Paul, a tattoo freshly tattooed from prison and clearly inappropriate for the routine manners of an office environment. An implicit sexual tension develops between the two, and Carla is determined to keep it despite her reluctance to embrace the working week. When Carla came out of an important contract she was kidnapping from a third colleague, she exploited Paul's criminality by stealing the contract back. The colleague quickly realizes he is behind the robbery, but when faced with it, Paul's training to kick people comes and goes handy - but this vileness comes at a price. Paul is given a "go over" by some knowledge the crowd as a reminder of an unpaid debt. He formulates a plan that uses Carla's unique lip reading skills to destroy a band of violent bank robbers. Now is Carla's turn to enter a new scary world. The fourth feature of director Jacques Audiard, "READ his lips," begins as a romantic drama between two marginalized injured, only to change halfway speeds to an extremist thriller where their symbiotic deficiencies turn them into winners. Conductors are excellent; without undoubtedly convincing us that this weird couple could really connect. Carla's first encounter with Paul is a pleasant farce in which she tries to bypass her reluctance and jailbird manners only to find that she has until recently been a prey to jail. Emmanuelle Devos, who plays Carla, has almost the exclusive ability to go from dowdy to superb and again within a frame. Vincent Cassel interprets Paul as a stiff dog that seems to be just home when he gets a beating or creates a blow that could kill him. Like many French films, "READ MY LIPS" appears at first to be nothing special until you scratch under the surface and you will probably find it all. The only unfortunate wedding is a subplot about the missing wife of the officer released by Paul; a device that seems to have been conceived only to help direct the story's story into a fairly simple piece of kitchen. It was the "new wave" of the French in the 1960s that first introduced the concept of "genre" to shoot and I always felt that any environment is somehow compromised when you need to use a label system to help it define it; so it's always a pleasure to discover a movie that seems to be overwhelming, or better, to defy it.
