When I first watched a boy's life for a long time, I could only see comparisons with Happy Feet last year. As far as the main story is concerned, they are very similar, a deceiver doing what it can to fit in time also trying to be special. It's just to show you how much better the movie could have without the liberal conclusion of the diatribe. Many people do not agree with me when I say that I really like Pixar's second year effort. Of course he can not capture the splendor of Toy Story, nor the animation of this world. However, the story is top-notch and the characters are wonderful to spend time with. With much laughter and a moral center to boot, I could follow this as much as other classics of the studio. There are many things about finding strength from within to conquer all chances here. Between our leadership, Flick, he had to preserve his self-esteem to save his colonies, and the colonies needed to open their eyes to a new way of living for the future, and the circus beetles, discovering that I am more than weird, evolves into a better bug by the end of the story. Even the bastard Hopper is completely trimmed and threatening for the right reasons. He does not make him mean, but rather understands that ants exceed the number of 100 to 1. He needs them to fear him so that they do not have to worry about finding out the truth. It is very much a circle of life, but not one that can not evolve with age. When we think about animation, it's actually pretty good. Compared to Antz, the rival film of the times, this is more realistic and less caric. The water is made beautiful, just like the leaves. You do not have to look much more than the eyes of the ants to see how much detail has entered the production. Reflections and dampness, despite the smooth exterior, show realism. All the bugs are very crafty. City flies and the crazy mix of creatures recruited to save ants are never rooted, either for a small role or for a larger one. Also, the workplace is seen in the city. While Ant Island is beautiful, it's just outdoors. Bug City contains a lot of garbage doubling buildings and clubs. It's a great show of humor and inventiveness to see what the animators have used for everything. From ice cube trays, just like a circus, the box of biscuits like a circus wagon, complete with full nutrition guide on the side and crazy compilation of boxes to create a Times Square of panels and facades, everything is done good. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> As for the humor, I have to think that the talent acting for a great delivery and inspired role choices. No one could make a better infant boat than Dennis Leary with his acerbic spirit. Dare to think of someone better. Also, our views are extraordinary with Dave Foley as Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta, as well as the fantastic Kevin Spacey as Hopper. Spacey not only steals many scenes from the movie, but also has a central stage in bloopers during the credits. Yes, Life of the Bug was the animator of Pixar's animated exits, a tradition that continued. With lots of bugs in mosquito bugs, in addition, you have to offer props for the huge casting. Completely "those type actors" are people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett and young Joe Ranft as Heimlich, the worm that brings the biggest laugh. In general, it may be the simplest story brought to the Pixar screen, one that has been said in one form or on other occasions over the years, but it is inspired enough and fresh to provide a pleasant experience. There are moments of joy, sad times and even action scenes full of suspense with birds coming to join the fun. Completely with some of my favorite Pixar, Tuck and Roll characters, it's not too bad to think about.
