Lately, I've watched a lot of Tom Hanks' films and old Chaplin movies, and some of Rowan Atkinson's early Bean shows, and they all seem to have their own unique charm that penetrates all their work, which allows them Identify audiences of all ages in a way that makes you feel good. The life of a Bug has the same charm, it has a connection with real life that allows us to easily suspend the unbelief and accept a lot of insects talking, because even though they are talking, they still ACT like real bugs. It's like the team that made the film found a way to bring us into a child's mind and allow us to think of them, to imagine bugs as a young mind does. Honey, I've gotten worse Kids was one of my favorite movies when I was younger, and for me, a boy's life is like a more realistic version of that movie, just because the animation is so stunning and this storytelling just opens up so many more narrative possibilities. I try not to compare it with something like Toy Story (which I still support the best animated film ever) because the story of A Bug's life is not as good as Toy Story but again, nothing is. The important thing is that it's still a great fun. The story refers to a colony of hard working bugs that have an impressively developed society, mainly oriented around building a harvest, most of them going to the tyrant grasshopper, extremely superior in power and general wickedness, and hopefully still leaves enough left for the bugs to do it in the winter. We are treated to some locust visits, which clearly show that if cockroaches provide an unsatisfactory amount of food, the consequences will be direct. And similarly, the similarities between this terrible food extraction level are impressively resembling Mao Tse-tung's vague force of feeding his own people's food during the Great Leap Forward. Fun and excitement begins when Flik, ​​the main character, starts out in a quest to find a gang of suitable warballs to come back and help defend the colony against the taverns. You see, he spilled all of his food and put everyone in great danger, so he feels it's his responsibility, but inadequately he gets to hire a group of insect circus operations. Great for the public, not so great for the safety of the clan. <br /> <br /> The film was released in the late 1990s when so many films appeared, such as Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence and Arrival Day, The Life of a Bug and Antz, etc. . The Bug Life and Antz comparisons are inevitable, though it seems to me that the life of a Bug is by far the higher film and not only because it does not interpret Woody Allen stuttering and whining as the main role. This is a nice fun for the family!
