Such a joyous world has been created for us in Pixar A Bug's life; we are immersed in a universe that could not be documented at all in the film, but rather a universe that could only be documented in the world of animation. For those who have forgotten what a rich and exuberant world can offer? when is it in the right hands? The life of a Bug is a warm reminder. We will get out of the movie with an equally warm feeling and a sense of satisfying satisfaction of high-end movie productions. It's just Pixar's animated feature. The Disney sub-group made its spectacular and perhaps unconscious debut on the movie world three years earlier in 1995 with their Toy Story movie. It was a film that defied the convention, re-invented and inspired a new life in animation and defined a new level of excellence. Now they are returning with their second effort, which, to be honest, attracts a young sense of cynicism in us all before seeing the movie. After all, it's a movie about ants. Well, all the walks in insects and bugs are covered by the Life of a Bug, but it is the ant that is the focal point of this film, because people are the focal point in dramas, novels, and so on. How can such an insignificant animal species, such as an ant, act as the protagonist of a film, not to mention the whole premise of a feature film? Definitely a jerk. Nevertheless, we forget that in Toy Story, a bunch of toy toy items have managed to become the largest, most inspired and most pleasing pile of heroes and evildoers ever animated. The Pixar boys are doing the same thing and they are able to turn a bunch of dirty and tiny bugs into the most beautiful parasite band you'll ever meet. <br /> <br /> Not only are they all amiable and enjoyable? there is no unpleasant aspect in mind; even the villains are riveting characters? but they are colorful, are eclectic and are idiosyncratic. And the crowd of characters is also gargantuan for the lack of a better term, adding only the rich layers of distinctiveness already plastered on Bug's life from the start. We'll start with our main character and hero. His name is Flik (David Foley), and his character is rather generic than at least. Of the thousands of faithful and obedient ants living on beautiful, beautiful Ant Island, he is considered the clan's "black sheep," as seen in the opening moments of the film when he accidentally destroys the harvest of his season with his Ancient. The problem is because ant's harvest is for a bunch of greedy grasshoppers led by Hopper (Kevin Spacey), who are eager to continue to affirm their anger and autocracy among little ants; when they show up to Ant Island for their annual banquet and see their offer gone, they go crazy for lack of a better term. Hopper offers a proposal to save the ants from the total disappearance at the hand of his package; however, it is a negotiation that is simply impossible to accomplish. Cogs and clocks in Flik's mind are now steaming, despite their guilt and shame, and offer to leave the Ant Island in search of powerful warriors who can come to rescue colonies and fight against Hopper and the craters. > <br /> If you think about it, Bug's Life has a great resemblance to Seira Samurai's plot plot in Akira Kurosawa's classic or the American remake of The Magnificent Seven in which a village of unfortunate people is threatened, of evil and evil enemies? a single inhabitant of the village goes to seek help in the big city, finds him and returns to the colony to avoid evil. In Bug's life, the help comes in the form of a circus band down and out, which Flik erroneously perceives as a warrior in a bar-room fight. Many funs come from these scenes, and great fun comes from these circus bugs. Among them, there is an erudite insect (David Hyde Pierce), a typical German cavity, laterally divided, called Heimlich, and a fatal fatal female puppy, who is actually a bland masculine (Dennis Hopper). It is extremely enjoyable to watch these bugs on the screen, as bugs and insects interact on the screen, just like the entire collective film. As I have said, amusement and joy come from their characters and the joyful interactions with each other, which let go of a lot of hilarious lines, wonderful suspenseful situations and riveting and generally a dazzling movie. What makes A Bug's Life even better is that the film is not simply restricted to children as many see it being, although the kids would really find more entertainment in this movie? the situations clustered for children are a little more abundant than we would like. However, it is easy to ignore this mistake and it is difficult to enjoy this movie. Although A Bug's Life may not meet the dazzling and landmark standards set by its predecessor, it is still a superb movie, and the beginning of something promised here. Pixar has proven to be not just a one-shot miracle, but a group of talented and talented Hollywood film artists. They raise the endless bar, and when someone always succeeds in reaching their standards, it is always on its own. What else to say about the life of a Bug than: see it; is not even the best I've ever seen from people in Emeryville, California, but does this beat the batch of the year? and I will be cursed if it is not the best animated feature of 1998. 8.5 / 10
