(initially a response to a movie reviewer who said A Bug's Life was too much, too fast - was "smiled and exhausted" by the visuals and seemed to ignore the story completely) Well, first, I'm 26, I have a job, I go to school and I have a fiancée. "So maybe I'm crazy and really good to hide it ... but not only did not leave A Bug's Life exhausted or bewildered, it did not it was until I saw her the second time that I could really really begin to appreciate the artist and the spectacular visual humor - because the first time I visited this movie, I was so wrapped up in the story and in the characters I have I realized that I was supposed to be sitting there being "amazed" by every visual frame. How can you not empathize Flik's life and his life with the way to the ground? "Heck," I really woke up identifying myself with that little ant (not to mention some of the other bugs) in a way more than one ... and that, in itself, tells me more about what an incredible movie is than a whole book about her beautiful candy. Of course, it's beautiful (every blade of grass, tree, rain ...). Of course, what you can do with the technology is amazing (you can read their lips! Try it!). But this film is not just a masterpiece of art and technology, not just a breathtaking explosion of motion and color. No, the life of a bug would be static if it were all and no story. But, I'm glad to say, it is not! Bug life has a real heart. Yes, there are a lot of stories as well as visually, but that's because the story and the characters really have a depth for them! Just because it's a children's movie does not mean you should stop your brain at the theater door - kids are smarter than you think! Besides, I think the PIXAR crew did this for themselves, even in front of their children ... and shows that in the amount of heart they have. This movie moves, touches, funny, intriguing, and generally terrible. Developing the character in such cast is amazing, there is a significant increase in character, not just the main character - so rare in animation and often in movies in general. Do not hit your head with its points once it has done - every scene, every frame has a reason in the story because it's there and there are no free shots. Not always explicitly speaking in words exactly what is happening means subtlety, for me, good people; it means not to "move down" the movie and suppose the audience is bad, which is not the most. All I can think of is that if you see a rape life and you feel nothing, then you should never have made a big mistake, hurt your friends, have a passion, fall in love, be frustrated like no one you would not hear you lied to someone you were interested in, you felt a social lack, you became excited about a new idea, you came up with a great idea, you had what you thought was an idea of ​​the ideal revenge, it was a strange and confident moment in the other, pressure of responsibility, rose up for you and your loved ones, stood alone against the crowd, felt a failure, felt great success, felt the need to make a difference with your life in the lives of others ... well, you get the point. Final words: A + rating from me; please if you will see that you are trying to see it in the theater (scanning and video scanning will NOT work for this movie); if you loved Toy Story, you most likely like it (PIXAR knows how to make hearts); if you like to see this many times or not yet know what you are missing (the amount of detail and subtlety here is considerable); and whenever you feel very low, you claim it's a seed, okay?
