Two adventurous adolescents, best friends, make a trip to Thailand for a lasting experience before separating and going to college. It seems to be a fun time to travel in an exotic land until they meet an attractive stranger who seduces them in making a trip to Hong Kong and puts drugs in their luggage. They deal with local police and find that Asian justice is very different from US justice. This is the main story line for "Brokedown Palace" and it was a good one. The film does a decent job of describing the arbitrary and corrupt justice systems of the nations of the Third World. In fact, portraiture was fairly easy, as detention conditions are often much worse than those described. It serves as a reminder that, no matter how bad our system of justice is, it is simply compared to much of the rest of the world. Unfortunately, there were too many situations in the movie that prevented the story. The whole escape attempt was false fantasy. To believe that friends could smuggle money to take a bribe in prison in a padded bra and not be discovered by guards who systematically check everything they brought from visitors, supposes that guards or viewers are blocks . The story also fails to bring closure to whack question about how the drugs got his backpack Alice (Claire Danes). Was he actually agreeing to carry the drugs? We have to guess. It was interesting to be ready to guess about girls' innocence in the movie, but we finish the movie without knowing if one or both girls might be guilty. Except for this considerable defect, the conclusion was excellent and unexpected results. The actors Claire Danes and Kate Beckinsale were very solid and well-trained. Danes, who has been overwhelmed and over, has in fact become an actor in this film. Although her portrait was often immature (as her character), she improved as the movie progressed and the circumstances became tougher. Beckinsale, on the other hand, has flown under her radar all of her short career and shines like good-two shoes, suddenly in jail. She was the best performance in the movie. Bill Pullman was mistaken as a lawyer. Its dizzy and diffuse style is an asset in films such as "While Sleeping," but as a lawyer in a third country country in a crusade to free two innocent girls from injustice, he had a wrong personality. /> The sightseeing in Thailand was interesting, but it did not make me want to go there. Generally, an entertainment movie has become useless in some places by the insertion of ridiculous scenes. I gave her a 7/10.
