While I do not think it was a perfect 10, I agree that it was well over a 6 which is what is being evaluated here. No, Brokedown Palace was not perfect and yes, the park was done several times before. That does not mean it should not be done again if it does well and I think this movie has had strong moments. Claire Danes's actor was awesome like Kate Beckinsell and I think Bill Pullman was absolutely awesome as support performance (Pullman's wife, crooked skipper, skip or travel, or any name he has). The cinema has also been nicely filmed, there has been a lot of what's good for this movie, even if there were some negative (three major ones that I've found) as well. Here's what I did not like about it - girlfriendship - In fact, the girls' individual personalities - have not been developed in depth until the end of the century. It would not have been impossible to lose interest until then, because despite the positions, more characters had to be made earlier and some scenes that when the girls were arrested were almost taken into account around valueless character and stage development believe it would have been suitable for this type of movie. This, however, is not my major problem. WARNING-SPOILER ALERT. The end, as it is already mentioned a dozen times, has been AWFUL. It was terrible in two respects. First, even if it was predictable and very Hollywood, I wanted a happy ending! Yes, it was an emotional and powerful ending, but in a movie like this, there is a feeling that justice will be served and I have seen it. I was really shocked at the end and it was done by all those involved, but I feel that both girls should have escaped or, at least, at least the policeman should have received what was coming to him. I mean, nothing happens. For the bad guys, they all disappeared. Very disturbing. I also do not understand the ambiguity of the end. I understand the endings that are inspired to think, but it was not a mystery or a "Clue" movie we are watching, and I would have wanted to know something about what happened, who was guilty and so on let us decide that we ourselves, but since I doubt somehow there will be a sequel, I did not want to be guessed. However, there was plenty of pleasure for this film, and acting is definitely at the top of the list, I would love a 7.5 and say it's worth a look.
