In the movie "Brokedown Palace," directed by Jonathan Kaplan, two of the best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decide to celebrate high school graduation, making a trip to Hawaii, but hear that Bangkok fun. They changed plans and decided to go to Thailand without telling parents their plans. While in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a really nice guy named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He tells them he will exchange first-class tickets to Hong Kong for three economy tickets so he can spend the weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted his offer and, having entered the airport, the two were arrested for drug smuggling. They were sentenced and sentenced to thirty-three years in prison. <br /> <br /> I think Kaplan is trying to show the public that he is wise to make good decisions because in one instance a bad decision can change the direction of a life forever. Also, a friendly face may not be as friendly as we believe once we find the true intentions of that friendly face. Those girls decided not to tell the parents that they changed their plans and that they changed their lives forever. Things have a fun way to tell us what decision we made the lyrics of the decision we should have made. Sometimes life is not right, so it is important to think a lot and much about the choices we make because we can never come back and we can not change the choices we made. great setting; was shot the most in Bangkok Thailand. This movie also has excellent music; some of my favorite songs are "Silence" by Delerium, "Damaged" by Plumb, "Deliver me" by Sarah Bightman and "The party just started" by Nelly Furtado. I went out and bought the soundtrack after watching this movie. These girls were young and naive and they did not realize that their plans were made by mistake, a mistake anyone could do, that's why this movie is good for any audience. It does not matter young or old - we are all people and we are wrong. Even though I did not like the way this movie ended, leaving me in question - who really smuggled the drugs? - I would certainly give this film two fingers up.
