We all have friends. Some of us have more than others, but there really are only one or two people with whom you feel very close, people you can say are brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are so. You can see this from the beginning. They graduated together, went to parties together and decided to go to Bangkok together when they had to go to Hawaii. They also get stuck because they tried to sell drugs to a third country and trigger disaster. The rest of the film aims to survive and give up hope. It also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it can mean to someone. Brokedown Palace is a very good movie, it is not excellent and is due to a few issues that I want to talk about. But first I want to say what's good about the movie. And, for the start, the act is a top role and you do not look further than the two leaders. Danes and Beckinsale are perfect in the roles they have. Alice is always frightening and seems to be rough around the edges, but it looks more fun than Darlene. But sometimes, fun can bring it to trouble. Darlene is always a little on the conservative side, and though it may sometimes become irritating, she would have served the two girls better if they were respected instead of Alice. Bill Pullman is the right American lawyer who lives in Thailand. The movie is also very well photographed. The prison's interior is not like Shawshank or Natural Born Killers or Return to Paradise, but it shows the necessary disappointment of the situation. Also, Johnathin Kaplan's direction is pretty good. We see the two girls who strive to do it every day, but you can see that their spirit is taken a little longer every day. Brokedown Palace is great when it talks about friendship and shows how to rely on one another to survive. The other thing I had to comment on is the movie soundtrack. Improves and compliments the film's mood to perfection. The song you hear in the trailer is also played in the movie and when you play you feel the situation of the women in this prison. You can feel how lonely they feel and how desperate they are to get out and get back to the simple things in life. And it makes you look at yourself and realize how lucky we are to live in the society we are doing. We have it slightly compared to some countries and we believe that music is or not a perfect catalyst for reflection on this subject. Part of the music is done by a group called Delirium, but it's Sara McLaughlin (the wrong spelling, but how do you say her name?) That makes the lyrics and her voice is beautiful and haunting and adds so much to the movie. What I did not enjoy the film was a stupid thing the girls presented. I will not say what they do, but when you see it for you, you know what I'm talking about. I also did not feel that the prison they were in was so bad. It showed more of a minimal security jail, and this is because, when similar circumstances exist in other films claiming men are taking time in a foreign country, prison scenes are always brutal and sadistic. But we did not get to that. Generally, this is a great movie and really makes you ask yourself, "How much do you go for a friend?" This is a tough question and perhaps one that none of us has been able to answer honestly until it has been put in the same situation. Hopefully that will never happen.
