I saw this film a million years (5 years ago to be exact) for the first time. In light of the recent events that Australian woman Schapelle Corby has been shut down in Indonesia for the so-called smuggling pot, I decided to see this movie again. Except to complain about my heart, because I'm a sucker for the hot girls who need it (just read my review of "Laurie's tracking"). Some of us suddenly missed my eyes, but they were hardly tears filled with tears. Why? Not because the two heroines were not absolutely adorable and helpless, not because the film was not unimaginable to see these two children in their foreground closed under almost inhuman conditions. Why then? Why did not I cry? I wanted to cry! When I hired a movie like this, I, except to be moved, complain that it is not tomorrow, feel miserable and feel that way. This movie was simply too short to do it. It was just like the script was reduced to the main elements of the plot, and while this psychological aspect was thrown away. Clare Danes and Kate Beckinsale have done a great job portraying the emotions of their two friends, but this movie just screamed for more records of these girls in their depressing (and oppressive) surroundings. Mental travel is missing here for some reason. You can only see the key moments of it (which are very moving, I admit), probably because of a bad editing. Sometimes I felt these girls were walking in a postcard. Relationship with family members could have been more of a consideration. What happens to the relationships between girls and parents (especially between Alice and her father)? You will see a look, but the film does not offer the whole picture, quite sad. However, it was a great movie and finally I had to bite my lip a bit. But I think this has more to do with the skills (and appearance) of the actors (and the music), then with the director's merit. To be honest, I barely knew who Kate Beckinsale was before watching this movie (again). Now I'm a fan! Great movie, as long as you do not expect it to be a classic cinema.
