James J. Corbett, world champion from 1892 to 1897, has proven to be the favorite role of Errol Flynn. Maybe because he did not have to use a sword or be in the west. He got tired of his sticks and said in his autobiography that he felt he was misdirected in the West and could not understand why people like them. It's a nice movie, but it hardly does not tell the real story of James J. Corbett. As portrayed, Corbett was the first scientific boxer to win in the heavyweight division, a man who used his brain and hurried more than the gross power to win. He defeated John L. Sullivan and lost Bob Fitzsimmons's crown of weight. She was also a compulsive female and, at the same time, she was very similar to the portraying woman. Of course it was not displayed on the screen. The character Alexis Smith, the daughter of the banker who falls for him, has no basis in reality. Corbett was actually married twice and was flagrantly unfaithful to both wives. However, after losing his title after the events in this film, he suffered a great personal tragedy. His father, in a moment of depression, probably over money, because he lost a lot of money betting on Bob Fitzsimmons, shot his mother and then turned his gun. Strong killing / heavy suicide with the happy clan Alan Hale has presided over. One thing, however, I liked about Gentleman Jim. Ward Bond received the role of career of his life in John L. Sullivan's interpretation. Director Raoul Walsh has achieved extraordinary performance in Bond like Sullivan, who made a fur but enjoyable. Even due to some Sullivan's bad points, which do not make it a racist racism, Bond's portrait is typical of John L. and the best thing about Gentleman Jim. Speaking of racism, one thing that should have been said was that Sullivan, while the champion refused on race grounds to meet Peter Jackson, who was both black and Australian and probably the best weight of his time. I'm probably saying that as a challenger, Corbett met with him and fought with 61 rounds of equality. This fight more than anyone else created a request for a title match Sullivan-Corbett. Of course, when Corbett was a champion, he refused to give Jackson a title chance. Perhaps he did not want another 61 round marathon with someone who might have been better that day. Gentleman Jim is not Jim Corbett's story, it's a film by Errol Flynn playing James J Corbett. But Corbett was alive in 1942 no doubt that he would have loved the film and loved Flynn's portrait of his life. It's as he would have wanted to be remembered.
