If you are looking for a definitive biography of boxer James Corbett's life then it probably is not the movie for you. The beautiful boxer gets a "Hollywood" of his life in the 1940s - making the story more fun and more exciting than real life. However, because the performances were so good (especially by Errol Flynn) and the scenario so enjoyable, the beauty of the film can be forgiven. Errol Flynn plays Gay Nineties boxer James "Gentleman Jim" Corbett - a man who became boxing world champion in 1892. The film goes from humble beginnings and pursues his career by winning the title match against him John L. Sullivan. However, although they may have focused more on matches, most are short in the movie (except for the final match), with emphasis being placed on Corbett's gross personality, as well as on his relationship with Mrs. Alexis Smith. Throughout the movie, there is excellent support work done by a cast of wonderful supporting actors (such as the perennial supporting actor in Flynn, Alan Hale), and writing really helped bring these people alive. is particularly cute about the movie where Flynn's athleticism is seen as a boxer. While some of the photos are double, almost all of the boxing scenes are by Flynn and he has done compelling work as a pugilist. It was a beautiful departure for Flynn, who generally played "beautiful boys" or swashbucklers, and this shows how hard a character was. To learn more about this, try reading a biography of his - it was a tough and tumultuous character before coming to Hollywood. Now, regarding REAL James Corbett, read if you are not afraid to find out how the movie is wrong. First, Corbett was NOT a poor guy who came from a poor family, but he was educated and bright. Secondly, while Alexis Smith arrived at the end of the movie, they divorced a few years later. Thirdly, the final scene between Sullivan and Corbett was probably the best part of the film, Sullivan was a bastard, and that would never have happened - in fact, Sullivan was more of an egomaniac, and Corbett he was not the fat one, a guy they played in the movie - although he did a great movie.
