Flynn, best known for his fairy-tale roles (and his bedroom's antique), has another impact with this film and works nicely. On Thursday, boxing champion Jim Corbett, Flynn returns to the full of charm while making his way from a frightened banker from San Francisco to a celebrity pugilist, staring at de Smith. He and his best friend, Carson, take part in an illegal fight and are arrested alongside other men (and a dog!), Including a prominent judge. The next day, he gets a chance, through Smith, to enter the judge's private club. He uses this opportunity to make his way into the grace of his exclusive members and land on the spot as a resident boxer of the club. His unusual athletic ability in sports is soon to take all his comebacks up to and including world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond.) Flynn is really magic here. He is the symbol of charm, charisma, and appeal to this role. He looks great (especially in a hangover scene with his hair hugged and wearing a white union suit) and practically makes his own shot (impressive!) His delivery of the line is delicious and he is credible and sympathetic and at the same time dubious and mischief. Smith exudes the class and taste of each porch and is a good match for Flynn. At this stage, he needed a female costary to cope with his advances and reputation (at that time he was subjected to legal rape allegations) and she does it admirably. She is rejected by his freshness and cavalry attitude, but he can hardly help, but fall under his enigmatic witchcraft. Bond is incredibly belly, frightening and fierce, but excited when the screenplay calls her. The funny support is provided by a young and exuberant Carson. Frawley is his cantanker confident self, as Flynn's manager. The rest of the cast is excellent, including Flynn's angry family and a range of Nob Hill types. The whole thing is nicely named and well-directed. Several sets are amazingly presented. Some of Smith's dresses are bordered by garlands, but they fit well with clogged hairstyles. It's a wonderful sight in the early days of the boxing championship, but it's even more. Some of them (such as Flynn's character traits) are enhanced or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but many of them are authentic (like methods and costumes displayed in battle scenes.) A line is particularly memorable: as and more than I like, but it is very possible to love you more than you love me. "It is a classic romantic dialogue (and there are more than a few sprays sprinkled throughout the scenario.)
