Some say "play is the most important thing," or something like this is attributed to that old Bard of Avon himself William Shakewspeare. if it was not old Will, it could even have been our film director, super veteran, Mr. Raoul Walsh. There are a large number of films that would support this hypothesis. No one is better than GENTLEMAN JIM (Warner Brothers, 1942). The film also holds another award, being called Errol Flynn's favorite for his own vehicles. It clearly shows on screen the evidence that would easily lead viewers in the dark theater or who see it on their TV or DVD at home to complete the same thing. To be sure, the story is a semi-serious Biopic that takes some of the factual material and mixes it with a dose of free imagination to bring us a very satisfying, although fictionalized (what is not Biopic?) Story. is excellent because it makes use of the natural athletics of our leadership, Mr. Errol Flynn. Although not a Swashbuckler, Western image or war, this GENTLEMAN JIM is probably the main role that was best suited for the Australian accident. Errol was a member of the Australian boxing team either in 1928 or 1932. His training and skills in "sweet science" are clearly highlighted throughout the film and especially in the Big Fight for the boxing world boxing championship with great John L. Sullivan, by Ward Bond) The speech reads as a Warner Brothers player tax register. He presents Alan Hale as father of Jim Corbet, a Livery Wagon * operator. The two brothers are Harry and George (Pat Flaherty and James Flavin), the two men of the family of blue family, their occupations being declared as Longshormen. The great Jack Carson does the usual serio-comic performance of masters in support of Jim Corbett's friend and bank colleagues. The rest of what we can recognize and remember are: John Loder, William Frawley, Madeleine LeBeau, Minor Watson, Rhys Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn, to name just a few. a number of professionals in the role of different boxers. Therefore, we have Ed "Strangler" Lewis and an unknown Grappler * are presented as 2 pugs on the waterfront in the opening scenes. Others were Sammy Stein, Mike Mazurki (ever heard of him?) And "Wee Willie" Davis. These guys had a strong but unspoiled look about them that the old brothers of Pier 9 would have possessed. I have not forgotten Leading Lady, Alexis Smith. She is strong in the characterization of an "independent" woman, but she retains sufficient real skill as a comic strip player in many of the scenes. She presents much of her side as a poor, rich little girl, Victoria Lodge. With all these ingredients at hand, the trick is how to mix the elements in proportionate proportions to give them "the exact mix." Director Walsh is doing it with a reckless abandon because he is looking, above all, for a great movie. all the skills he has improved for a final adjustment, starting with his days as a player with DW Griffith. Mr. Walsh seems to have a special boldness for that period in the 1890s. *** Mr Walsh's direction is moving through a scenario in "A fast enough clip, splitting the show's scenes with a humorous shot," Corbetts is back again! "Therefore, he is able to keep a touch, even humorous, of a story that could become too tough and serious.In addition, in an almost unnoticed element, Brother Walsh gives us an authentic look of a San Francisco in the 1890s. And, as another example of his love for that period he creates large and dynamic images of historical struggles. There is a vibrant, joyful mood transmitted in those boxing scenes. As a crowning glory of this great, perhaps undervalued film, director Walsh showed the picture as if it were an illustration from The Gazette of Police, which covered such events in those "Old Days." <br /> <br /> But there is only one thing to remember before viewing. If it's the first time or if you see it again: <br /> <br /> "CORBETS ARE IN THE SUMMER!" * In my humble opinion as both film and professional history, it resembles Tor Johnson, who many years later was a favorite of director Ed Wood. <br /> <br /> ** A "Livery" is a somewhat archaic term for a vehicle rented for local urban transport. <br /> <br /> *** It's true. Mister. Raoul Walsh was a veteran Griffith player. He was the actor to describe John Wilkes Booth in the NATION OF A NATION (1915). Being born in 1887, Raoul Walsh was old enough to have his own memories in the 1890s and the Sullivan-Corbett championship and what meant for the American sports life of those days.
