James J. Corbett's autobiography "The Roar of the Crowd" was the starting point of this life-long, well-known biography. The author was the world champion of the world who followed John L. Sullivan before the end of the century. The events in the narrative describe Corbett as an intelligent but pleasant and intelligent young man, whose conquest of boxing world and social prejudices in his time when he was considered the son of Irish immigrants, a poor banker, and no one surprised everyone . It took some interesting and often funny screen-time hours to prove his opponents were wrong. He is a bank correspondent when the film opens, but in a way invites them to an invitation to a sports club for the good. He falls in love with a beautiful but snobbish girl who always seems to be fighting, and lives at home with a Corbetts bell, which seems to be fighting each other as often as with others. When he defeats the club's best club and a professional fighter ground to make him foolish, he ultimately decides to become famous by fighting. he goes out on the way with his friend, who acts as a manager and coach, and despite some nearby obstacles, he wins all the battles and draws attention. When he comes home to pursue his daughter again, he strives to disturb Boston Strongboy, the mighty John L. Sullivan, who goes into bars and says he can "lick any man in the world." Few think he can win a fight against Sullivan, but Corbett, called "Gentleman Jim" for his glamorous manners and patrician appearance, surprises everyone by moving, dancing from the ray and denying the power of Sullivan angry. The best scene of the movie comes probably when a beaten Sullivan comes to congratulate Corbett. The new champion has risen up to now, telling Sullivan a few years before he was different and showing only admiration and respect. He makes a girl as a result of the two shows, but by the end of the film, while visiting his parents, his manager is able to tell the world: "Corbetts is at her again." Movies are attractive and have a consistent style without being brilliant. The script was written by veteran Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence of the Corbett novel. Sidney Hickox made the cinema, with vintage decorations set by Clarence Steensen and art directories by Ted Smith. Heinz Roemheld made the music and Milo Anderson dresses. The film was directed by Raoul Walsh, acting action specialist. Flynn also liked working with Walsh, but he did not care about the other director Michael Curtiz worked most often. Among the cast were Ward Bond as John L. Sullivan, in one of Alexis Smith's best performances, a bit dizzy but smart as he loves Corbett and a very capable Errol Flynn like Corbett, a young man who he appeared to be later his favorite role in the period ... Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hale, his charismatic father, John Loder, a rich enemy, with William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine LeBeau, Rhys Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurki together for the enjoyable procedures. It's hard to say enough about the logic and the fun that the film makers of this film have generated; is one of the most enjoyable sports biography films and, according to my standards, is one of the most enjoyable.
