Everything is relatively seems to be the main theme from the beginning of this set of eleven pieces by eleven directors. That means what could be the number one priority for people like Bush, Blair and Company, might not be for a large number of ordinary people. From the opening scene in which an Iranian teacher tries to impress her little students with the most important thing that happened, the result being that children are not impressed because the death of a neighbor and things of that kind obviously affect him more closely than anything else happened in New York in the USA, whenever it is, this series of almost documentary plays sets out that not all things are as equal to all people as world leaders try to prophesy. <br /> <br /> While, of course, the WTC attack was a disturbing event of any measure, someone has the impression that both politicians and TV cameramen tend to throw things out of any proportion - of these parts. Will the same reaction occur internationally if attacked on Lagos, say, or Djakarta, or even on Rio de Janeiro? I rather do not believe it. The news seems to be distorted according to where things happen: much more television is being given an earthquake in Italy, say, than, for example, ten times more destructive in Mongolia. Larger distances appear to diminish the magnitude of the disaster. <br /> <br /> This series of eleven pieces helps to put things in a better perspective - or maybe I should say, some of the tracks, as every complete freedom director has made his own story, perspective, so it is not possible to judge all the merits, but individually for each segment of 11 minutes. <br /> <br /> Under no circumstances should we deduce that this is an anti-American film: it would be too simple a reading of the various messages that appear through segments. However, it is neither pro-American. The eleven segments adopt various attitudes, and the common link - if one exists - is that the disaster of the WTC attack must be seen in perspective from different points of view. Only then will a people like George Bush begin to understand the planet he lives on. <br /> <br /> Clearly, in one segment is my belief that I have two years ago: America did not learn the lesson. And the lesson is that the US has to share this planet with the rest of humanity - it does not dominate it by ruthless economic persuasion or simply force. Instead of finding out that the US can not just keep stamping everywhere and everywhere, the political leaders, assisted and encouraged by Blair (and even by Aznar), have become more arrogant and even more intolerant, which does nothing good to anyone in Afghanistan or Iraq at present, not to mention much else. The White House mentality is totally unacceptable: the United States and the United Kingdom invaded Iraq and caused all the chaos and should clear up the misery it is causing - not to insist upon the UN and other nations joining with help and finding you get out of turbulence. Radical positions adopted by the US (or even Israel) will be met only by the radical positions of the Islamic people who have been preparing for fanatical fundamentalism for years to cover up their own macho futility , that is, the stoning of women or simply enveloping them from their heads to dusty ground. <br /> <br /> The world is in a terrible mess, fueled by the greed of a few rich countries who seem to lean from seeing or understanding anything from the perspective of more multilateral perspectives. This film, in eleven separate pieces, illustrates this subtle and bad posture.
