First of all, I will not praise Iñarritu's film, even though I am Mexican and I am proud of his success in Hollywood. Elsewhere, I see that most reviews focus on their favorite short films (and not so); but we forget that there is a subtle inferior line circulating the entire compilation and maybe it will not be so enjoyable for the American people. (Even though it was not the main purpose of the producers) What I'm talking about is that most of the short films do not show the suffering the WASP people have suffered because the September 11 terrorist attack, but the suffering of the others. <br /> <br /> Do you need proof of what I say? Here, in the short film in Bosnia, the message is, "You are crying because of the people who died in the towers, but we (the others = Eastern Europeans) have been crying for a long time about the crimes committed against our women, and nobody pays attention to us she did. " Even if the Burkina Fasso story is more in comedy, there is the same thought: "You are angry because Osama Bin Laden has hit you in a bad way but we (the others = Africans) should be more upset because our people die hunger, poverty and AIDS a long time ago, and nobody cautions us that everyone has done it to you. "<br /> Now look at Sean Penn briefly: The Twin Towers Fall enjoys a single man (and estranged). So the message is that Power and greed (symbolized by the Towers) must fall to let people see the sun and flowers flourish? It is remarkable that this terrible line was proposed by an American. There is so much irony in this short film that it's almost subversive. Well, Ken Loach (very well known because his anti-capitalism ideology) is much clearer and shameless to go straight to "You are angry because your country has been attacked by evil forces, but we (others = the Latin Americans) have suffered at a similar time the worst thing and no one remembers our pain, because the whole world has done it to you. " <It is as though the creation of this project meant to say to the Americans: "Do you see now, America? You are not the only one who has become the victim of violence in the world, you are not alone in your pain and by the way, we (the others = non-Americans) more than you have for a long time, so we are in solidarity with you in your pain ... and, by the way, we are sorry because you have a taste of your own medicine. "Only Mexican and French short films have shown compassion and sympathy for the people American; the others are like a slap on the face for the American state, which is not equal to the American People.
