After I've wiped out my thoughts almost twenty-seven times, there is the feeling that I can now conquer this review for the complex French drama "Read My Lips." After writing over five hundred reviews, I have never found such a loss of words, as I did with Jacques Audiard's subtle, inspiring story of inspiring love. Thought was poured over what was loved and ugly about this movie and, while "loving" it was the element that was ugly that triggered debates in my mind. "Read My Rips" is a drama. To be precise, it is a character-driven drama that combines social uncertainty with gentlemen with the depression of daily office work. Here is where this review begins to collapse, is it all these elements? but it is more, much more. As a viewer, you are instantly drawn to Emmanuelle Devos's portrait of this fragile woman called Carla, whose power is lost by the men in her office, as well as the difficulty of hearing. Audiard introduces us harshly in her world by removing the sound on the screen whenever she does not care, causing immediate anxiety not only from the characters in the movie but also from the pursuers. No sound, the world is left open to any possibility, and that is terrifying. As we look at this difficult and disturbing woman who is heading for her life, we are then uprooted and have the opportunity to meet Paul (played nicely by Vincent Cassel), a tangled hair in the back, a musty man of mustache was released from prison, without shelter, without unemployment, and forced by his release officer to get a job. That's where Carla and Paul meet. There is that moment of instantaneous and disturbing attraction. The one we think he loves, but it is dark (and here's where it's even more fun)? and where we think he loves it, but it's dark. The constant reward of the role creates the tone of the unknown. Who, as viewers, must feel our sympathy the most? Paul sleeps in the office, Carla helps him; Carla loses a contract to a rival collaborator, Paul helps her; Carla's ability to read people's lips comes handy for Paul's change of mind. Continuous jump continues and further holds you on your seat, waiting for the light to shine through this dark cave. Never do it. Audiard can not only allow this story to take place, it always brings us more characters; one as frightening as the next one. Even our stone, our solid foundation with the conditional release officer is under discussion when his wife disappears? a subplot of this film that at first started making me angry but after a new debate it was a final final for this film. However, nothing would have happened had it not been for our characters. Devos's solemn and family devotion is staggering, as he changes his image for Paul; the truth of her beauty is discovered. Paul, the witness in the film, continues to use apparently and abusive friendship for his final end. Then, as we suppose, Carla takes a last form. Audiard knows he has amazing actors capturing his characters. Cassel and Devos could play cards all the time, and I was still standing at the end of the chair. The story, perhaps the slightest part of this film, is at random. Intertwined stories seem unrelated at first, but Audiard allows them to connect a little bit. Again, the whole segment of the password officer was tangent, but that final scene just solidified the heads for the means. It does not try to sound vague, but this complex story (however extremely simple) is difficult to explain. There are a lot of happenings, but it's up to you to connect the tracks. A favorite scene is when Carla tries to find out where some money is. This use of sound and scene was brilliant. It was tense, it was dramatic and it was like watching a mystery revealing to me in front of your eyes. On the whole, I was initially a mediocre French film I could easily forget when it was over? I proved wrong. "Read My Lips" opens the word for discussion, not just with the characters but also with the situations. One will roam for Carla in one scene, and Paul in the next. When a discovery was made in Carl's Paul apartment, I was deeply upset. Audiard brought real emotion to the screen with his characters and development, and what he was deprived of plot ?? actors could carry. I can easily suggest this movie to anyone, but be prepared; this is not a unique viewing of the movie. Repeat. Repeat. Again. <br /> <br /> Grade: **** of *****
