First of all I have to give it to the people who took things together. 9/11 is such a sensitive issue that making a movie that dares to be controversial about the fact that it needs a lot of courage. It is a shame, though not surprising, that the film has been banned in the US. So it's said that I think the movie is superb, with some weak moments. The film begins with the Iranian segment, which is somewhat reminiscent of Majid Majidi's work ("beautiful children" and "the color of paradise"). Like the two films, the clip shows what happened through the innocent eyes of a class of Afghan refugees in Iran. Absolutely beautiful clip. The same is true for Sean Penn's video, which is also superb. But as some clips are beautiful, others are absolutely brutal. Alejandro Gonzáles Iñárritu makes the Mexican clip and, like "Amores perros", makes it as brutally possible. Most of the clip is a black screen with several sounds playing in the background. These sounds are reporters and their shock when the second plane collapses, those who called home from the burning towers and left messages to their families, those who got angry ... and he combines this with flash- people jumping from the towers. A very hard-to-see video and one you will not forget. Some clips may prove to be very difficult to watch for Americans, because some clips might be interpreted as "you are not the only ones who suffer." Especially the Egyptian and British clips, who not only say this, but turn the tables and say how much the US suffers in front of others. I will also make a special mention for videos in Bosnia-Herzegovina, France, India and Japan (although this may seem terribly dishonest, it is not really). However, not all the videos are great and make a special mention of the clip in Israel, which, in my opinion, is extremely weak. While the idea was good (a reporter is on the scene of a terrorist attack in Tel Aviv, but his story gets hit by what happened in New York is something that many of us who live in countries with war may refer to) the realization is terrible. The video ends like just an entertainment reporter trying to get some air time with a guy who says he's a witness and hopes he can go to TV, and the soldiers and paramedics are just crying out "for that." The clip fails to capture any drama of such a situation. If you happen to have the chance to see it, then you should, unless you are conservative, in which case "Better sit outside because it might offend you. But if you are not, then you could learn how many of we outside the US lived through September 11th.
