As you probably know, the subject was to ask the eleven directors from around the world to make each one a 11 minute, 9 second and a frame movie. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): what can Afghan refugee children understand when they collapse? Well, nothing. A wonderful lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): a poor plot with great cinematography ... Imagine just a deaf woman who lives at the WTC, who sees without realizing that her dog is barking ... Well, see her. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): The biggest producer of Oriental films has compassion ... For all: for a soldier who died ten years ago for the WTC, but also for a sinister-Palestinian terrorist. Maybe the movie is less attractive to us. - Danis Tanovic (bosnia hrzgovia): good pictures, makes us travel safely ... It's not a very good plot. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): One of the poorest countries in the world, a delicate and funny story about five boys wanting to capture Osama Bin Laden ... And he could have done that, but nobody believes when they say they know where he is. Ken Loach (UK): September 11, 1973, Chile entered a bloody dictatorship for twenty years. Thousands of dead, torture: all that has been offered to Henry Kissinger's Chile and the CIA and knowing that this will change your point of view! I think this is because it has not accepted any US film distribution company to release the movie in our theaters! Loach forgot to mention that 1973 is the year in which the WTC was built! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarritu (Mexico): Impressing images we all know too well and lots of black screens. I did not get this a lot, it's more like an artist film (to show in an exhibition) than a movie. - Amos Gitaï (Israël): an absurd ballet of policemen, journalists, etc. around a burning car in Jerusalem. Very well done. - Mira Nair (India): about the anti-Islamic feeling that followed on September 11th. Very good in reality. - Sean Penn (ne): A funny little story that reminds us of a commonly-forgotten fact, the WTC had a huge shadow, and some places now have a natural light they never had. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): a different one. There is not even one word about the WTC, and the action takes place at the end of the Second World War. It has one message: no war is holy. This short film offers very deep feelings, but the director would have done better with more than 11 minutes. --- so --- A great movie, a great attempt to take the world's temperature. I like.
