French production where top film directors from 11 countries were invited to create 11-minute short films reflecting their reflection on the September 11 events. Film segments vary greatly in terms of content and quality. Two allegations of US complicity in terrorist acts (in Chile against Allende, who died on September 11, 1973, depicted in the segment of British director Ken Loach and in Palestine by US-backed Israelis, presented in the segment of Egyptian director Youssef Chahine). Two more destructive acts (a Palestinian bombing in Tel Aviv, shot by Israeli director Amos Gitan, the holy Japanese war against the West in the Second World War by Shohei Imamura). in some stories. The shadows that darken the New York apartment of a frightening old man suddenly disappear as the Commerce World brings the telescope to the ground in Sean Penn's play, bringing man momentary joy. But in this powerful light, he can finally see that his wife is indeed gone. In Mira Nair's film, based on a real incident, a young man who also disappears in New York City, the son of a Pakistani family, is for the first time supposed to be a fugitive terrorist, but later he turns out to be a hero sacrificed trying to save others in the towers. There are punctual poisoning moments throughout. Loach has the exiled Chilean man quoting St. Augustine, in the sense that hope is built out of rage and courage: anger in the way things are, the courage to change them. The Imamura tells us that there is no such holy war. Samira Makhmalbaf shows a teacher with her very young Afghan children, exiled to Iran, trying to tell them about the events that occurred in New York. But they are obviously more impressed by a major event in their refugee camp, where two men have fallen deep, one killed, the other holding a broken leg. This is a large-scale tragedy for the 6-year-old. Idrissa Ouedraogo, from Burkina Faso, creates a drama where the son of a woman in difficulty places Osama bin Laden in their village and gathers his buddies to capture the fugitive terrorist to get the 25 million dollars of American rewards. He tells his friends not to let any of the adults know their plans, because older people would only lose money on cars and cigarettes, while he intends to help his mother and others who are sick and deprived. /> Is Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (producer of the film "Amores Perros"), which offers by far the most powerful and refreshing segment, one that for the most part only has a dark screen with audio loops of singing and occasional voices stupid sounds. The short short visuals allow us to gradually see the bodies falling from the high towers of the towers and pouring out the fact that these bodies hit the ground. The sequence ends with elegant orchestral music and a shot, bearing an expression first presented only in Arabic, then with an added translation: "Does the light of God guide us or blind us?" (In different languages ​​with subtitles in English) Grade: 8/10 (B +). (Received on October 31, 2004). If you would like to read more reviews, please send me a message for directions to my sites.
