It was clear from the outset that 9/11 would inspire so many films like World War II and Vietnam combined; however, there is certainly a great danger that most of these movies are just as good (or rather bad) as Pearl Harbor. It is a great luck that the first international release of 9/11 is not a love affair with cheeses that has a bunch of beautiful faces but a collective work of 11 directors all over the world. <br /> <br /> Does not intend to say that all 11 episodes are wonderful (for example, Youssef Chahine has a useless prologue with too many cuts, and Shohei Imamura has a bizarre end) or that the segments are in the right order (Imamura, being the only one without direct reference to the Twin Towers, should open the film, not to finish it, Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu should be the last, instead of the most impressive). But it is an impressive effort and an interesting portrayal of how other parts of the world react to the collapse of the twin towers. Consider the opening segment of Samira Makhmalbaf, in which an Afghan teacher tries to explain to her students what happened in New York and unsuccessfully suggests a minute's silence. Or the part of Idrissa Ouedraogo (which has a double bin Laden that is so similar to the real one you will be shocked when you see it, I promise you), in which five boys have brought about good things that can be done with the reward at Laden . There is a surprisingly good (and extremely angry) segment of Ken Loach about a Chilean man who talks about what he calls "Tuesday, September 11" - on September 11, 1973, when Allende's elected president was killed, and Pinochet, installed the dictatorship - with the generous help of Henry Kissinger and the CIA. This could have become a terrible effort in anti-Americanism, but it has become a sad story and shares my recognition for the best segment with Inarritu (mainly sound signals and phone calls from planes hijacked on a black screen, sometimes a few pictures of the WTC people and finally a collapsing tower, ending with the screen shining and a question emerging) and Amos Gitai about a hysterical reporter who desperately tries to turn on after a bomb exploded in Tel Aviv (hard to recognize, one of them is a masterpiece of choreography). All these different segments (I have not yet mentioned Claude Lelouch about a deaf girl, Danis Tanovic about the demonstration of Srebrenica women, Mira Nair - weird, but it takes an Indian director to make the part that is probably the most appealing for the tastes Western Union - a Muslim family whose son has a terrible suspicion after Sept. 11 and Sean Penn's with Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) as a widow who leads the most depressing life we ​​can imagine) adds to a unique film, which is not easy to follow and hard to forget. I'm sure this movie will be a classic known all over thirty years now. I hope it will be remembered that a long tradition of world cinema has begun. But unfortunately it is more likely to be remembered as a single film effort. And being one of the few movies ever made, they can not reduce this terrible event to a happy love story, just to enjoy the audience.
