I decided to look at "Read My Lips," a plate of leaves before me. The food was quickly forgotten after I became embarrassed by the original and superb thriller of the director and co-writer Jacques Audiard. Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is the secretary of a company that develops major construction projects. It has, in fact, some significant responsibilities that do not often fall to the secretaries and are capable and ambitious. And she was defeated by a male hierarchy that will exploit her, but she will not reward her. Work is working faster than she can, Carla is told to hire a secretary. Enter the ex-con and general layout Paul (Vincent Cassel). He is in touch with his abilities and, in fact, has nothing that no legitimate enterprise could ask for. After an initial initial misconception of Paul about Carla's interest in him, the two become allies. A strange friendship starts. In a stunt that would have made Carla a major competitor on "The Apprentice," she trumps her male selfish opponent to work with Paul's connivance. Exit the rival. <br /> <br /> Carla is virtually deaf without her help. She almost listens to her normally. She stops to isolate herself from unpleasant sounds and annoying people. And she's very lonely. A heroic makeup effort has been made to have a simple attitude, but she is really beautiful. He does not have a friend. She takes care that a friend can have a connection (it's a French film). Worse and humiliating, she enters a friend's plea for her to stay somewhere while her married boyfriend leaves her paramour in Carla's bed. Is not nice. As Carla and Paul get to know each other better, the hardly repressed part of the killer who has not been so old appears. There is a side story, by the way, about Paul's relationship with his password-release officer, which completes the main plot and has his own surprise. "Read my lips?" Ingenious Paul admits that Carla's ability to read her lips, even from a considerable distance, is more than the funny trick she seems to be for the first time. From there, a caper develops. He said enough. <br /> <br /> Paul and Carla are a really strange killer couple. He wants love, but he will accept money. He wants somewhat, but the business must come before a possible erotic satiation. Together, Cassel and Devos are powerful actors who have an unusual crime story until their very convincing end. Rent it or buy it, but if you enjoy a good crime story, you'll go to "Read My Lips". And you might want to watch it several times: I. 9/10
