This thrill of suspense caused by the intense story of 2007 is like a large, juicy piece of Shakespeare steak, from a director who knows how to draw unusually fierce performances from the actors. Think for Beginners - the jurist of Henry Fonda, who opposed himself to "The Twelve Horrified Men," by Mary Tyrone, Katharine Hepburn, "Long Journey in the Night," the survivor of Rod Steiger's Conflicting Concentration Camp in "The Pawnbroker "and Paul Newman's alcoholic attorney in the" Verdict ". The list includes some of the finest screen works of the last half century, and you can safely add Andy Hanson, Philip Seymour Hoffman, with desperate control. At 83, director Sidney Lumet does not show signs of octogenous fatigue, and in fact he enjoys the melodramatic breathing of the grotesque script of scriptwriter writer Kelly Masterson. The scale of the story is deceptively small because it focuses on the moral compromises that unfold in a family where two brothers have become desperate for immediate money. Woody Allen followed a similar fractal dynamics in his latest strangely strange "Cassandra's Dream," but Lumet is not pinched or cautious in his fierce approach to this unhealthy story of ambiguity and deception. The platoon revolves around a crime that must have been a victim. Embezzling funds from his real estate company's salary to keep his unhappy Gina wife neglected and to meet an expensive drug habit, Andy is about to be exposed in an IRS audit. Meanwhile, his younger brother, Hank, is a mass of insecurity that has fallen behind divorce, which has fallen far behind his maintenance payments and child allowances. Andy develops a supposedly false plan to rob the suburban jewelry store of parents, none of them should be there. The purpose was for the brothers to collect the draw, and the parents to claim their insurance. Murphy's law intervenes in every possible way, starting with the fact that Andy pushed Hank to do his own thing. After some fraternal sneaking, Hank agrees, but too scared to do it alone, recruits a negligent bus that deals with weapons, to deal with robbery. By fate, the heist appears on a day when Andy's and Hank's mother opens the store, and things get quickly out of control. Although the storytelling technique is not new (for example, "21 Grams" by Alejandro González Iñárritu), Masterson's approach works efficiently in delimiting certain events from multiple perspectives so that you understand how each character is led to repercussions unfortunate event. The actor is a perfect step, starting with Hoffman's riveting performance, while Andy, a Machiavellian reptile, whose cold outside and innate amorality masks layers of resentment toward his family. I thought it was great in "The Savages" by Tamara Jenkins, but he's even better here. Lumet even makes a solid performance from Ethan Hawke, usually unnecessary, like Hank, begging him with the emasculated weakness that informs every move he planned badly. As a father-in-law, Albert Finney works with his typical late career character, but provides the foundation for the complexity of Oedipus. Marisa Tomei is a smart choice to play Gina, because the actress economically calls for the receptive, vigilant character of a small but crucial role. Estimated veteran theater actor Rosemary Harris (now better known as Peter Parker's aunt in the Spider-Man trilogy) has little time as mom, just like Amy Ryan as Hank's former bitter wife. There are scenes that cross the borders, especially as the situation becomes more and more desperate for the brethren, but the main ones have injected such energy for them that the flames become forgiving. After the disappointment of the "Find Me Guilty" cartoon, it's refreshing to see Lumet in the top form here. The DVD of 2008 offers highly informative comments from Lumet, Hoffman and Hawke, all of them talking easily and wisely. Together with the original theatrical trailer, there is also a 24-minute better feature than the average, "Directed by Sidney Lumet: How the Devil Was Made," which contains pictures and fragments of interviews with Lumet, two of the producers and key actors.
