This is a profoundly diabolical story about how bad things can go wrong. A simple robbery. You raise a serious change. Get our finances together and everything will be exhausting. But the mother and pop jewelry store? No problem. Insurers pay for all this. No weapons. No one is injured. Easy money. Bigger and most successful brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has some minor problems. Heroin addiction, habits of cocaine. A wife (Marisa Tomei) that, well, he can not seem to perform. His stomach days have faded away. Young, sweet, a little bit cheeky, little brother, Hank (Ethan Hawke), with some of his diner problems. Behind the child support payments for his daughter, in debt to friends and relatives, without being amazed at work, etc. Sydney Lumet, in this performance at the age of 82 (!), Directs and gets 99.99% right, which is hard to do in a thriller. I have seen more thrillers than I remember, and most of the time, the director gets the print film and lives with the holes of plot, the improbability, the briceag scenes and the hurried end. Lumet makes a thriller as a work of art. Every detail is perfect. The actor is superb. The land has no holes. The story sounds true and clear and is a story about the human fragility that would honor the greatest movies and even Bard himself. Hoffman, of course, is excellent. When you do not have a mark, man's presence in leadership, you need to get talent, workmanship and pure concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is not alien to the sweet and small role, adds a layer of despair and too human incompetence to that side so we do not know whether to love or shoot him. Albert Finney plays the role of sneaky father with a kind of stellar intensity that multiplies with his age. And Marisa Tomei, who has magical qualities of sexuality to go along with her unique creativity, manages to be as vulnerable as heavy as nails like Andy's wife. (But who could blame her?) It is a sacrilegious close to the film reviewer of a five or ten-star commercial thriller, but if you study this film, as you would recommend to all aspiring filmmakers, you will notice the kind of excess (according to most Hollywood producers), attention to detail that makes real art - something that only great artists can do and really can not do it. (By the way, I think there were twenty producers on this movie? Okay, maybe a dozen, check the credits.) All I can say in the summary is Way to go Sydney Lumet, the author of a set of excellent movies and to show such fidelity to your craft and art at such an advanced age? kudos. May we all do half so well. Okay, the percentage of 00.01%. It was unlikely that the father (Albert Finney) had followed the cabins that Andy had taken around New York without losing his tail. This is minor, and I want all the thrillers to have such a small moment. He also wonders why Lumet has decided not to tell us about Hank's fate at the end. We can guess and guess. Maybe his fate fell on the floor of the cutting room. Maybe Lumet was not happy with what was filmed and that time came out and he said, "Let it go, it does not matter." And I think not. What happens to Hank will not be good. He is not the guy who manages to flee to Mexico and can start a new life. He is the type of guy who receives a "light" sentence from 10 to 20 and serves him and comes out of a sort of subdued human being who knows he was not really a man when he should have been. /> You see this for Sidney Lumet, one of the best Hollywood singers, the director of The Pawnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog's Afternoon (1975) and more.
