I watched this movie in a very strange way - I put it on the Netflix list and I did not remember why (otherwise than I knew Philip Seymour Hoffman was in it). Since the movie has no opening credits, I did not even remember who guided it. As my wife and I looked at her, I went back to her for about 45 minutes and said, "I want to realize I'm hating this movie, but something about that will not let me I can see. "Then, in the middle of the movie, there are half a dozen scenes that are really electrifying in the performances of the actors." Just when the final credits rolled, I realized it was a Sidney Lumet movie, I'm surprised that Lumet took over what was really a dirty little story about really fraudulent people But it is proof of his talent that I was so taken when I did not even I realized it was him Philip Seymour Hoffman is indeed very good in this movie, as well as scary: Put this against Capote and I would argue that Oscar should have been for this film. a lot of the special narrative character with Lumet, Hawke and Hoffman talking about making the film - it's fun and educational, and Hawke plays the student who wants to learn at the master's feet. Lumet certainly teaches you the first rule working with the actors - you always kiss your asses! There are many violent, melodramatic movies that are empty chips when everything is said and done. And there is an element of this film - that actors fill the air with blows of emotional feelings, and when smoke clears, nothing remains. Nothing resonates at a deeper level. But Lumet has given us Network and Twelve Angry Men - movies that each have been raised in the highest echelons of cinema. <br /> <br /> This movie is not at that level. But there is something about that which remains. And maybe it's enough. My last comment is about the comments - if you look at the number of comments about this little movie here on IMDb - and the depth and intelligence of the comments, pro and con - it's pretty good proof that something special happens to this movie.
