Tarantino once remarked on a melody of the 1930s, called Backstreet, that "the film is a tragedy as another character." The same could be said - and we are not facing Tarantino - for Sidney Lumet's best work over the years, a melodrama in which character is of utmost concern, not just because of what is in play with the distribution involved. Kelly Masterson does not have a masterpiece of a script here (actually falling in a crazy manner by the killer until the end of a series of climatic events that only work to the end, and even the suspension of mistrust is of prime importance), but her scenario transmits character before the plot and in a story in which actions surround a crime it is crucial to know who these beaten people are. It's kind of sad, unforgiving as Satan, but absolutely riveted 90% of the time. <br /> <br /> Creta not only because Lumet knows how to handle a non-linear script that we see over the course of time, and especially after a "mother-to- and-pop, "but due to the formidable casting casting (which I could add, it's Lumet's specialty). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are brothers with their own financial finances, and the latter are approaching the latter on what seems to be a cute heal: the oath of her mother and father's jewelry store in Westchester. Hank Hank involves another shadowy character, however, crimes are produced, and at once it is a Greek-tragedy that affects their brothers and father played by a perfect Albert Finney. It is the kind of material that most actors love - characters that, as on Dog's Day, are painful in humans, bone defects, but they only want love and / or things are well established and have the complete inability to fulfill desires and needs. <br /> <br /> In this case, Hoffman and Hawke fit splendidly; Hoffman has, until the last ten minutes, a super-calm and sometimes joking behavior that reveals him as the brain of the surgery, but then smaller scenes in which emotionally (that is, with Finney or the scene with Tomei) break down talents to the limit; Meanwhile, Hawke is called missed by the ex-wife and daughter, can not pay any debt and is called the child by his father and he fills the party bill in all the ways that matter - he is not as wrong as his older brother, but who wants to choose a straw for that title? And Finney, as I mentioned, is on the spot all the way, making his turn in Big Fish look like the child's play (the final scenes with him are terribly tragic, his face reeling in a horror that has built all in the second half ). Also, giving a backing from a Marisa Tomei, Shout Michael Shannon as a white trash, and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris short and accurate impressions, this is a movie with a lot of skill and heart - but not a heart-for-heart - with a story that doubles again on details not for spectacular plot devices, but to clarify every step of a perpetual downward spiral of a family. If it is not as soulful as Serpico or Network or the Broker of the Pawn or 12 Angry Men, it comes as close as possible to what Lumet has done since then.
