In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a dependency executive on a real estate office that has hijacked a large amount of his dependency and expensive way of living with his wife Gina (Marisa Tomei). When an audit is scheduled in his department, he becomes desperate for money. His brother, Hank Hanson (Ethan Hawke), is a complete loser that owes her daughter three months of child support and has a love affair with Gina every Thursday afternoon. Andy presents a parent's jewelery healer on a Saturday morning without the use of arms, waiting to find an old employee working without financial damage to his parents because the insurance company would have reimbursed the loss. On the morning of Monday, we'll raise the money to cover up our embezzlement. He invites Hank to participate because he is well known in the mall where the jewels are found and could be recognized. Hank Yellows, however, invites thief Bobby Lasorda (Brian F. O'Byrne) to steal the store, but things go wrong when their mother Nanette (Rosemary Harris) comes to work as a clerk and Bobby brings a hidden gun. Nanette reacts and kills Bobby, but she is also deadly shot. After Nanette's death, their father Charles Hanson (Albert Finney) decides to investigate robbery with tragic consequences. "Before the devil knows you're dead" is a comedy of errors, revealing a good story. Originality and difference are in the script, with a non-linear narrative to "Pulp Fiction". Sidney Lumet, eighty-three, has another great work and impresses the longevity of this director. Philip Seymour Hoffman is awesome in the role of a dysfunctional man with a traumatic relationship with his father, who feels that the world is collapsing mainly because of his uncertain and left brother. Marisa Tomei is still impressive and sexy, showing a magnificent body. The violent conclusion shows that the world is indeed a bad place. My vote is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Antes Que o Diabo Saiba Que Vocé Está Morto" ("Before the devil knows you're dead")
