The Bible teaches that the love of money is the root of all evil. Love of money leads to greed that can lead to pride and eventually to destruction. Two brothers, Andy and Hank, will find out how far the love of money will cost those who like it most. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) and his younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) could not be no different. Andy enjoys the apparent success of working in the real estate market in New York and is married to his beautiful wife Gina (Marisa Tomei), which is the idea of ​​a trophy wife if one ever existed. Hank is, however, a divorce, found at the mercy of his wife's hunger, the school bills of his daughter, and the infinite amounts of childcare. A man who does well and has good intentions, Hank can not escape the water that slowly rises above his head no matter how hard he swims to stay above it. Andy, however, has his own problems with the only difference between him and his brother being that he hides them better. He committed a fraud against his company and is heavily involved in drug use to get rid of his fears. The pressure of his life and the lies he needs to preserve his appearances have led him now to think of fleeing from the country with Gina to begin again. Of course, like Hank, he needs money to do this, and he thinks he knows how to get it. How? By plundering the jewelery shop that their parents hold and lead. This act of betrayal is where Hanson Brothers, their families and some other lives will be destroyed because of greed, pride and fear. <br /> <br /> Its uniqueness before the devil knows you're dead is the way the story is told. After the robbery goes wrong, and Nanette Hanson (Rosemary Harris), which is both Andy and Hank's mother is killed, the story is told from a variety of different viewpoints from different days before and after the attempted robbery. We learn more about Andy and Hank's motivations, but also about the reaction to their father Charles (Albert Finney) until his wife's death. The relationship between Charles and his two sons, especially Andy, is also explored and discovered another possible motivation after revealing that there is little love between two men. Nanette could have been very fond of her sons, but their father is another story. <br /> <br /> Philip Seymour Hoffman proves once again why he is one of the most impressive actors in Hollywood today by portraying Andy not only as hard as the lack of morality, and, in a contradictory way, with a man with whom we can sympathize. Ethan Hawke brings Hank alive, not just a loser, but really a desperate man to cling to the little he has left. Andy and Hank are thus brought to life in a realistic way that is easy to think of them as not only characters but very real images of lost and confused people who are now faced with the consequence of their actions. <br /> <br /> Before the devil knows you're dead, it is a moral story about how our actions lead to consequences that otherwise we might expect to face. Moreover, our choices can also affect those around us in ways we have never expected. In what would have been the best picture of the year, we see how life can easily break when the love of money becomes the final pursuit to ease our troubled life. In other words, there are no easy solutions or answers to our problems and trying to find them can only make the situation worse. <br /> <br />
