I have to admit that this is the type of film I would normally avoid, but I hired it mainly because of the stars. I certainly do not feel sorry. In fact, as you see, I rated it five stars. This film is a perfect combination of sharp adjustment and superior action. Andy and Hank Hanson are brothers who decide to commit the cruelty of robbing the jewelery shop of their parents. The offense is very wrong - starting with an examination of the three men in the Hanson family. Through a series of flashbacks, we get to know Charles Hanson and we come to an understanding of the tension between father and sons. The younger brother, Hank, is basically a mess. He has always had problems in keeping a job and going quite a bit in the wind. Hank is insecure, cowardly, and very much under the influence of his great brother. Ethan Hawke has the character of Hank "on a T" and offers what is probably the best performance so far. He shows us a man who is actually good with the soul, but so influenced by the external forces that he can not follow it with any important task. Andy - on the surface - seems to be a successful businessman, but soon we find he is drug addict and he was embezzled from his company to pay his habit. Andy is the one who is making the scheme to rob his parents' store, and Hank makes Hack realize the facts. Philip Seymour Hoffman - certainly one of the best actors of our time - plays Andy. Hoffman is an actor who has the ability to describe a man who, on the surface, is a charming businessman loving his acquaintances, but a real thin ball beneath him. He is absolutely perfect for Andy's part, or it can be said that he, through his superior acting skills, made Andy perfect. Albert Finney plays a common father for his generation. Charles Hanson is not a bad or unhappy man but has a bad relationship with his sons because he never understood what was necessary to develop a positive relationship between his sons and himself. He has always been too quick to criticize and warn. He has always made it clear that he favored his younger son over his age, causing a great emotional rupture between him and Andy. When we know Charles and Andy, Andy's thought of making a plan to rob his father becomes less unbelievable. In a personal note, I can not believe how much Charles Hanson reminded me of my own father, and how much Andy and Hank reminded me of my brother and myself. Perhaps this would be one of the reasons I liked the film so much as the story of a distant, critically-influenced father, a bigger brother with more success and a younger brother so successful so close to home. Fortunately, my brother and I have never come to a state of committing a crime against our parents - we suspected we were made of more subtle and moral things. This set of personalities and actions has been produced by expert director, Sidney Lumet. At the age of eighty-three, he still has the chopstick to give the audience feeding natures and edge actions of the hypnotic spot. 12 Angry Men was his first film fifty years before "before the devil knew you were dead, but he did not lose any magical touch in showing us characters that will be remembered long." <br /> <> The events and characters in the Before the devil knows that you are dead are tough and unattractive, and this movie is certainly not a good movie. However, it is two hours of ultimate entertainment that I strongly recommend.
