The full title of this film is "May you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows that you are dead," a reformulation of the old Irish toasted bread "You can have food and clothing, a soft pillow for your head; you can be 40 years in the sky before the devil knows you're dead Scenarist Kelly Masterson (with some modifications made by director Sidney Lumet) has invented a melodrama that explores how fragmented a family can become when external forces lead members to In this film, the viewer is allowed to witness the gradual but almost complete implantation of a family through a much more used, but very sensitive manipulation of the flashback / flash forward technique of the story. different of each of the characters about the central incidents that lead this strange story, we see all the motives in this case, a very bad robbery. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a rich executive married to an emotionally emotionally driven Gina (Marisa Tomei) and addicted to an expensive drug habit. His life begins to collapse and he needs money. Andy's Hank (Ethan Hawke) is a ruinous life - divorced by his wife Martha (Amy Ryan), behind food and children, and borrowing everything from his friends, and he needs money. Andy proposes a low-key robbery of a small mall-and-pop mall jewelry store that promises safe and fast money for both. The problem is that the jewelry story belongs to the parents of men - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy advances Hank some money and makes an understanding that Hank will make real robbery, but although Hank agrees with the "safe" plan, he hires a friend to take over the job, while Hank intends to be the getaway car driver. Punishment is disturbed when Nanette, joining for the usual clerk, shoots the thief and is shot in misery. The disaster reveals many secrets about the fragile family relationships and when Nanette dies, Charles and Andy and Hank (and their partners) are led to disastrous surprises at every step. <br /> <br /> Each of the actors in this powerful but emotionally acrylic movie offers superb performances and although we have come to expect from Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan and Harris, the direction from Sidney Lumet, who make this movie so memorable. It's not an easy-to-follow movie, but it's a movie that allows some brave performances that demand our respect, a movie that reminds us how fragile many families can be. Grady Harp
