I have to admit that I had doubts about this film before I look at it. The main reason for this is that it was compared to a Hitchcock movie. I have seen several movies that are said to be inspired by Hitchcock or that could have been made by the Master of Suspension itself, but so far I have not seen any of these films that will be able to withstand the time test. In my opinion, Hitchcock has become a household name that is too easily used to promote some (cheap) thrillers, but on the other hand I have to admit that I was intrigued by it because it is a European film. Normally, Hollywood's big studios who like to abuse Hitchcock's name if they can increase their income. But the film was made in one of the most chauvinistic European countries and I'm sure most French people would rather fall than admit that their films were inspired by an Englishman. That's why I decided to try this movie and I have to say I'm glad I did it. "Sur mes lèvres" or "Read my Lips" as it is called in English, tells the story of a young secretary named Carla. She is a diligent and loyal employee, but has never been highly appreciated by her colleagues. That has much to do with the fact that she suffers from a hearing loss that denied her to climb up the hierarchical scale of the company. But when you are allowed to hire an intern who can work for her, all of this will change. Paul Angeli is a former 25-year-old and completely unqualified. Man is a thief, but Carla offers him a chance and covers him when necessary. He hopes to teach them how to look like a normal life but at the same time draws with him in his old life ... Because I still think the name Hitchcock is used too often to describe a very good thriller - surely this movie - I will not make any comparison between Hitchcock and directed by Jacques Audiard. The truth is that man did a really good job with this movie. I have not heard of him before, but it is true that he knows how to build suspense and how to keep you interested from beginning to end. This also has much to do with the very fine and original story, of course. I doubt if there is someone in Hollywood who has ever come up with the idea of ​​using a disabled woman in a strong role instead of making her helpless subject to an abusive husband (you know the story of the typical TV movie). Also noteworthy is the action in this movie. Vincent Cassel is quite famous, but Emmanuelle Devos was a complete mystery to me. There is absolutely nothing glamorous about their roles, but both have done a great job with their characters, making them feel very credible and realistic. Paul might have been the average tough guy in the prison and Carla the helpless typical woman, but because of their performance, you really think these are two powerful people who both have a bad living but who will do the best of it together . All this is a powerful movie with a very fine script and great action. Despite having doubts about this, I soon became one of his greatest admirers. I give this movie a 8/10. Do not hesitate to try.
