I begin to see a very consistent pattern in the form of identity films of 2007. If 2004 was the year biographies and 2005 was the year of political films, 2007 can be identified as a year of many morality tales, movies portray, test, challenge and question human morality and the reasons that lead us to do certain things. Although this identification is quite large, I think there are a number of films released this year, such as 3:10 to Yuma, Eastern promises, American Gangster, no country for old men and others who specifically ask questions and study human morality and reasons that lead us to acts like violence or betrayal. Before the Devil knows that you are dead, it is a misleading and rather dark, sad and depressing morality. And even better is that it comes from one of the greatest forces royal classic of our time, legendary Sidney Lumet, which many said that it took the prize, but returns in full force with this thriller murder rich. <br /> It's one of those movies whose plot is so thick that one is very reluctant to get into the details. It is a movie that is best enjoyed if it is introduced without prior knowledge of the events to be held because there are overturns and transformations. But the thick and rich plot is not at the heart of this film at all; the truth is, as I mentioned, the story of morality; the reasons that lead these two people to their actions in the film. In a plot structured as a combination of cinematography of the brothers Coen (ie Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see two men led different circumstances shaded to shoot a crime fairly simple going incredibly, each with force and inevitable tragedy. And to make increasingly more exciting, the film is told in a fragmented chronology, which continues to pursue and show a series of events followed a different character every time and always ending where it left last time. Sensitive, sharp, thick and depressing in a precarious manner, Kelly Masterson's script is surprisingly moving and well rounded, especially because it's a debut script. But the film has much more for him than just to be delicious of sinister and depressing plot. First, the image looks and feels great. Sidney Lumet has engaged throughout his career an interesting cinema and illumination style: naturalistic yet elegant at the same time. The film bears a distinctive air of style and class with a wonderful natural light that looks really great. Editing is top-notch; combining the dramaturgic-thriller aspect with a long time, which really takes time to illustrate the action accordingly. And the living and dynamic angles and movements of the camera add to the style. The film is also supported by Carter Burwell's fantastic juicy score. The script plays its part and, of course, Lumet is doing its part, but there are three masterful actors at the dramatic center of the film that deliver incredible good performances. First, there are two leaders. The coach of this pack is Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has always been an excellent actor, but has overthrown his newborn leader status after his unusual fantastic Oscar winner at Capote. His turn in this movie is fascinating: gravely flawed, broken, maniac. Hoffman has some really intense scenes in the movie, which really let go of his dramatic anger and not just his subtlety and spirit. Along with him is Ethan Hawke, who has made some fantastic shows in many movies that are almost always shaded by bigger and bigger actors. Here, he rejects Hoffman and complements him so well; Overall, the dynamics that works between the two is just as fantastic and convincing, the audience gets lost very quickly in characters and forgets that they look at the actors. And then Albert Finney. Such a slim, opulent role, like the one he has, requires a veteran professional, and here Finney offers his best performances for many years as a father tragically obsessed with the two brothers who are trapped in the murder. I like how the dynamics of the three play. I like how Hoffman is clearly the dominant brother and shamelessly takes his younger brother right now that they are middle-aged men; and yet in spite of this, it is clear how Finney's father favors Hawke's younger, weaker brother. Also, on the subject of distribution, the two female characters support? brothers' wives? also features fantastic shows from Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, whose looks are getting better and better over the years. This film is not revolutionary. These themes and style have already been explored by The Coen Brothers, and it is very easy to imagine guiding this film. But for a film that moves on familiar ground, it simply excels. Lumet uses his tremendous directorial talent and uses a unique and very subtle sense of irony and style for the vivid, intense and morbid depressed scriptures for the first time. The lead performances are incredibly intense, and the film has absolutely fantastic transformations from Hoffman, Hawke and Finney; but truly the greatest miracle of the film is that in three years after winning an Oscar for a lifetime long, long revered as a sign final retirement in the film Sidney Lumet proves he still has huge talent to provide a wonderful, resonant, an intense cinema that reminds of its golden years.
