Sydney Lumet had no box office success in 20 years and yet at 83 he managed to release a tight, well distributed and suspense thriller set up on his old stamp land, New York City. (How to get insurance, not to mention budget after all flops, is also a mystery). The story is quite bleak and the characters are not particularly enjoyable, but it kept me at the edge of the chair to the final stage. Two troubled financial brothers conspire to rob a suburban jewelry store owned by their elderly parents. The only victim will be the insurance company. The jam is messing up and two people die. Most of the film is concerned about the consequences. The action is nonlinear and seen from the different points of view of the main character, but it is not difficult to follow. What is not so easy to work is the back story? how did the brothers get into such misery? Are there any clues? the younger brother, who is the child of the family, is his father's preference, while the older brother seems to carry a lot of luggage about his relationship with his father and vice versa, but he hardly explains that he becomes a killing heroin . Being a big brother, a corps Philip Seymour Hoffman dominates the film, but is well supported by Ethan Hawke as his younger, inadequate, younger brother. Albert Finney as their father seems to be in a constant state of rage, but then the script demands that. Marisa Tomei, as the sister wife of a 42-year-old brother, makes the most sexy show I have seen for years. The movie starts with a bang, but we're out of this comfort area pretty soon. I do not know the origin of this story by first-time writer Kelly Masterton, but I suspect that, just like Lumet's great 70 movie "Dog Day Afternoon" is factually based? is too bad to be untrue. Lumet is just about the last of those very old, old-time craftsmen, who, at an immense speed, were able to direct almost anything that was put before them. Some great movies have been produced in this way, as well as some classic turkeys. This is not a classic of any kind? is a well-prepared piece of art. It will probably let you feel that you were lucky not to be a member of a dysfunctional family like this, but you still wonder how they got that way. We know the parents were happy, but we see so little about the mother and I heard so little about her that it's impossible to get in touch with the boys. (There is also a daughter whose presence seems redundant). Like Tolstoy, we have to conclude that "every unfortunate family is unhappy in its own way".
