What an extraordinary thriller of crime! My wife and I have seen this at the Toronto International Film Festival last week and it was the best and the best film in a very strong festival. It's already the second favorite movie of all time after DR. STRANGELOVE and I was definitely on an emotional level when I walked home and talked to my wife. I do not want to ruin this plot because the thrillers of this caliber are the best ones without preconceptions. A synopsis that I would love to do is that two brothers, played by Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke, intend to rob a jewelry store in Westchester, New York. The film returns back and forth over a period of about two weeks (before, during, and after the robbery) and a key stage is repeated at least three times. Typically, this could disrupt the momentum of a movie, but this never happens during this masterpiece. The interest, the tension and even the quality of the act seemed to improve as the film progressed. In the end, I was at the edge of the chair, waiting without a voice to see how it would end. I know I used a few clips in this post, but I was literally at the edge of the chair. I should mention that the non-linear story is quite easy to follow. This is not a kind of movie in which you will hear the audience that will ask your friend to explain the plot during the movie. The actor is absolutely brilliant all around and I doubt I would have the same admiration for the film if casting was not so perfect. A small complaint is that Hoffman and Hawke do not look like brothers, but it's a fine lie that they can easily get through. Hoffman was the best, and some of his scenes with Hawke were electrically positive. Marisa Tomei (Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (as Hoffman & Hawke's father) are also very good in supporting the roles. Even some cameo shows were so impressive that I still remember all the remarks, gestures and expressions of Brian O'Byrne and Michael Shannon's face? absolute perfection. The scene of robbery was more authentic than any other cinematic scenes we've ever seen, and we had the same sense of authenticity in most scenes, especially with Hoffman. Music has helped build tensions along the film, often the same notes played very efficiently. I had the music playing in my head the next day, even when I went through other movies. In addition to my minor complaint at the beginning of this paragraph, there was a twist of the plot that felt a bit incredible (a major spoiler, so I can not describe the scene). Otherwise, this movie is pretty darn almost to be perfect. There were about a dozen wonderful films at the festival that I would like to watch a second time, but BEFORE DEVIL KNOWS you are DEAD stands in a league on your own. In addition, director Sidney Lumet spoke in front of the film and presented Marisa Tomei and Ethan Hawke on stage. Tome did not speak and made a little shy, so Lumet asked, "Can you think someone so beautiful might be a little shy?" This comment is quite ironic given the graphic opening scene!
