Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) have been tired of competing for who is bigger and who father (Albert Finney) loves more, so they have an arm scheme to rob Mami and Daddy so that they can clear their debts and start fresh. Sounds like a great plan, except that it's a stylistic melodrama in the '70s, a heist who went bad, and boys, doing the really wrong things here for our unfortunate duo and everyone involved. Lasve, created by screenwriter Kelly Masterson and performed by director Sidney Lumet, "before the devil knows you're dead," uses the thief as McGuffin to get deeper into a family drama. Contrary to popular belief, Sidney Lumet is not dead. At the age of 83, he seems to have made a deal with the Devil to deliver a great last great movie. Lumet was at his zenith in the '70s with movies such as Dog Day, Serpico and one of my favorite films, Network. He has somehow managed to make a film that carries all the distinctive signs of his classics, while intermingling some more modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence and playing with time frames and POV) in a crackling, vibrant, medium and challenging. We might just hope that some of the best moderns (like Scorsese or Spielberg) who appeared in the same decade, Lumet was at the top of his game and will have a lot of chutzpah when he reaches that age. Lumet is a master who drives people walking through spaces to create tension and develop characters. While cast casting through Manhattan's well-appointed offices and apartments, its blurred room creates a palpable sense of anxiety because we never know who might be in the next corner or what this person could do in the next room. It is also amazing how Lumet uses the multiple POV approach and the changing time approach. The coherent and classical presentation he uses makes the similar films of Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's life seem like an amateur hour. Of course, what is best at Lumet is directing amazing movies and their deception into acting in one centimeter of their lives. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been and most likely will never be better than he is here. Albert Finney's peaceful appearance of a father was betrayed and at the end of his rope is a masterpiece that looks at the unfolding. Ethan Hawke, usually a pretty inseparable boy, is perfect as the younger, emotionally horrified brother who has been piercing his charms and looks for too long. However, the graceful hit is the series of scenes between Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, on the verge of being a flying trophy wife. Lumet takes them through the sphere of emotions that culminates in a scene that is the best of its kind since William Holden beat Beatrice Straight in an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress in the Network. <br /> <br /> The devil of any great movie is in detail, from Albert Finney's cock in the trunk of his car, which will not close due to a throw-in blow to the appearance of Amy Ryan (his new amazing tower in " Gone Baby Gone ") offers his ex-husband, Ethan Hawke, to his mawkish promise to his girlfriend, whom all three know he will not keep, the systematic disintegration of a family on skis, the dialogue that asked cults to quote -o (my favorite line is the hilarious threat, "Are you upset if I call you Chico?") to the excellent score of Carter Burwell. "Before the devil knows you're dead" is the movie of the year. If something better happens, then we know that some other offers must have been intermediate with Old Scratch.
