When John Singleton is on, he is * on *! And this is one of his better movies. Not as tight as Boyz-n-the-Hood, but close to him (and with much of the same star cast). This movie was very well written, very well put together, and very well shot. There is very little to criticize and most of my complaints are superficial (for example, where did Fudge get the money for 6 years of college and a lot of expensive stuff?) There is not a rich background ... And why Professor Phibbs of a desk? A professor of stature should * have ... And when we are to him, for an engineering student or not, Remy is a bad guy - I would think he would have more in the way of basic intelligence - he speaks and behaves like a total buffoon). But the latter, the movie was very sharp. A lot of good characters and points of view; and Singleton is not part of the story - many of the characters are unsatisfactory and do a good job of intermingling the Panthers and Supremacist scenes together to show the madness on both sides. the cinema was excellent; I especially loved a scene where Kirsty Swanson gets intimate with Taryn and Wayne, each scene gathering together very well. Also, the Malik / Deja scenes were very well shot. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was a bit sometimes; this movie had a tendency to * get * really * preachy at times, and tends to collide the points it made over the head when the points would be as clear except the doubts (did not need the flag USA with "UNLEARN" typed on it, gives credit, we are not sweet ...). And although most of the time, Singleton uses the melodrama quite well, it is sometimes too common (just like Deja's death, which is good until she calls out "Why!") Which simply ruined the effect and scene ). But acting, in general, was the top of the line. Fable of Omar Epps (perhaps the best movie I've ever seen), Kirsty Swanson (who knew Buffy could act?), Michael Rapaport (surprised by me ... by True Romance and Beautiful Girls) a role actor) and, of course, Ice Cube and Laurence Fishburne are * always outstanding. <br /> <br /> Disadvantage? Jennifer Connelly was paying; although it is not precisely her fault: her role was stereotyped and unidimensional. Generic to the highest degree. And Tyra Banks, who played the role, was not without horror. She was weeping and weeping and screaming. However, another in the long series of models - transformed actresses who failed in the wrong way (although there are some who prove the exception to this rule). Finally, the soundtrack! Wow! An amazing soundtrack (which deserves to be bought!), Which fits the film like a glove. Each scene has a twin song (although the songs of Tori Amos have begun to annoy me to the end ... not the best work). Liz Phair, Rage Against the Machine, Ice Cube ... how can it go wrong? <br /> <br /> Everything: a very good watch, a very strong cast, a great script, a great movie. 8/10.
