French film directors continue to amaze themselves with their extraordinary ability to simulate the views and sounds of a common everyday suburban life. This was evident with the launch in early 2002 of L'Emploi du Temps (Time Out), a brilliant study of a white descendant of the melancholic worker after he was fired from work. Like the fans of French directors, many scenes have been shot on real streets and public places, giving a true story to the cinema, but L'Emploi du Temps also had an elegant appearance thanks to the excellent work of the room and some amazing images (especially a Swiss mountain refuge). Doing quite well on the heel of that master film comes another impressive French production, Jacques Audiard's crime crap, "Sur mesvors" (Read My Lips). In fact, to label this movie a murder murder makes it a disadvantage, because it is much more than that. As with the previous French version, it is an incisive characteristic study of marginal people who used their intelligence to advance into a society that has turned their backs on them. In a construction company in Paris, Carla, a shy, diminutive woman, sits down at the office, seized in an office area, which is a major path to xerox cars and toilets. Tired collaborators use the front of Carla's office to talk and let the half finished Styrofoam coffee cups disappear. Partial deaf, Carla returns her listening to the will of voice if the noise becomes disturbing, whether it's about breaking down paper copiers or the crying of a friend's child. When her boss calls her at the office to suggest that she is hiring a secretary assistant to help her with the job, Carla is afraid she might lose her job. At the employment office, Carla lists the specifications she desires for her assistant (preferably men) as if she were at a staffing agency. He should be 25 years old and clean, with extensive computer skills and filing. When the agency sends an unarmed, threatening young man, Carla is both shocked and intrigued. They left the office and drank at a local restaurant, where Carla interviewed his potential assistant. When she finds out she just got out of prison, Carla initially does not want anything to do with Paul, but she has a heart change and hires her. Although she is generally good at helping her, Carla is now in a position of authority and possesses a new sense of power. Paul learns quickly and becomes a capable worker. Carla helps Paul find a temporary place to live and even cover him when his password release officer appears one day at the office asking why Paul lost his appointment. During a lunch break, Carla informs Paul about his hearing deficiency and reveals his ability to read his lips. Later, when an avaricious college blatantly takes over a project that Carla has worked on, an angry Carla asks Paul's help for human revenge. From here Sur Sur meses is becoming an increasingly intense crime scene that expands in some of the most violent graphic scenes that have been featured on screen in recent years. The script borrows elements from Hitchcock, the most notable REAR WINDOW, where Carla's lip reading talent comes into play with a pair of binoculars. There is a sexual attraction, again, between the two protagonists, culminating with a fairly strange homage to NORTH BY NORTHWEST, but it works because of the considerable heat of heat that builds slowly between the two stars. That being said, what is moving away from this film is not so similar to the classic Hitchcock thrillers, although those elements are certainly there, but the omnipresent perception of a modern city (in this case, Paris) a range of bright working days at a comfortable night life where sex, drugs and money launder infiltrate the lives of many characters. Unlike Hollywood productions, this is a suspense psychological thread in which people look like the man and woman everyday on the street, where a blow in front or height sounds like a stupid madness and where the office is a place feared. Hitchcock's gloves off.
