First you have to take into account the time period in which this movie was made. 1995. Rappers were in him, and that's what he added to his flair. Remy was an uncomfortable social teenager trying to find a way and could not, until he met and became friends with the Nazis. They took him in. The Nazis are not that strange thing, but like most gangs, they fill a gap that is missing either economically, socially, emotionally, whatever it is. Michael Rappaport played the role perfectly. Omar Epps was the distinguished star with a dubious work ethic and a chip on his shoulder. He tried to feel sorry for himself and his situation, and had his girlfriend and teacher to straighten it. Kristen was a young white girl trying to find herself and trying to fit herself until she was raped. She then found her sexual experiment with her sexuality and political involvement. This film deals with racism and, like most things dealing with racism, people's perspectives come into play. <br /> <br /> I read so many comments about how there were no "evil" black characters, but there was a bad white (Nazi). So what? Remy was not portrayed as bad at all, trying to find his way and did not succeed until he did not accept skinheads. He was scared, it was sad to see him become. He even says right before he's killed, I did not mean to say, I wanted to be an engineer. Ice Cube and Busta Rhymes were black people angry, Ice Cube was somewhat intellectual and Busta Rhymes was just portrayed as a bad thief. Both showed no attention to roommates and, in general, do not seem very many like white people. They were angry like the Nazis, but not at the level of the Nazis in terms of general harm. We are sorry if this seems to be unfair, but are there black groups like the Nazis? Not. <br /> <br /> People say they look white = black = good. They are not true, the only bad white characters were the Nazis and the police, which is more or less true in real life. Kristen was a good girl, her friend (roommate from Omar epps) was a good guy, and even Remy was a good guy, he was just badly guided. Omar Epps, Ice Cube and Busta were seriously erroneous characters, angry and unconscious. Though constant harassment by the police seemed to justify some of their anger. Remy's remedy seemed to justify his anger. Good, well done film. Like all the films dealing with racism, it is a great piece to make a discussion. I do not think Cube and Busta could beat those Nazis.
