What really represents the 60s movie (for those of us who have grown in America's belly in those times) is the turbulence and diversity of the decade. Despite the exaggerated, stereotyped characters, the authenticity of the issues remains clear. Not only were those radical times of change, but also very confusing moments. Two basic things have changed our world: the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the overwhelming influence of the media. The two new freedoms have begun social changes that soon became institutionalized. From chaos came sensibility, from the disturbances came the values. Keep in mind, however, that most Americans were not involved in this ... worked, played, watched the news ... and slowly became influenced by minority efforts and struggles ... civil rights workers, political activists, anti- -the war, the war against poverty ... The representation of the power of the press and of the television in particular was well reflected, although the conflict between the attitude of the general public and those trying to change things was at best ignored ... and worse case, they were mistaken ... Middle-class Americans were not all around angrily holding baseball bats or giving up their strange daughters. And they were confused. Let's not forget how folk groups suddenly became Protest Singers and how the Beatles started an attack that killed the Folkloric Movement Movement. There are no Beatle songs in the movie or any mention of them. I think if you did not live the decade, you might not have a sense of the movie, the picture is a bit dim. At one point I kept a steady job, while my sister lived at Farm Hog and went to Woodstock. At another time I was in Haight Asbury and Detroit Riots as she worked and played housewife in Maine and Connecticut. Roles have changed steadily. The film describes three brothers from a middle-class family. They represent the hippie child, the political activist and the active military personnel. The father represents the typical attitudes, and the mother represents the voice of reason, of tolerance and sometimes of compromise ... for the sake of peace. The Black Family comprises a minister and his son ... disproportionately, I believe. I suppose the producers knew all the variables and they had to be content with limitations, otherwise the film would have become a long, boring documentary. The father's message was that anger produces bitterness, and bitterness produces chaos. It was clearly a message addressed to the youth of today. We look at a unique solution to social issues and also how we share our problems ... The 60s were unusual in this way, and only Roaring 20s compare. In other words, this film is after all a moral. In the end, our collective individualism comes about. Put it on your list of oxymorons. All were a God, a Guru, or a free genius in 60 years. It was a moment of magic and insanity. No one will ever be the nails of the 60s down ... it was too diverse (this movie is close). At least we can say that we are not ashamed of this, that we have learned and grew up from it, and that for once a generation has formed and changed America ... for the better.
