"The Blob" qualifies as a sci-fi cult movie not only because he has released Steve McQueen, 27, on a superstardom trajectory, but also because he has exploited popular themes, both invasion of aliens and adolescent delinquency that was inseparable in the 1950s. Interestingly, none of Kay Linaker & Theodore Simonson's script ever refers to the amorphous, red-and-red protoplasm that fell on Earth in a meteor and threatened everyone in the small town of Downingtown Pennsylvania on Friday night as The Blob. Steve McQueen won the role of Josh Randall, the old bounty hunter in "Wanted: Dead or Alive," after producer Dick Powell saw the release of this Paramount Pictures movie. Meanwhile, McQueen's attractive girlfriend, Aneta Corsaut, starred alongside Andy Griffith in The Andy Griffith Show as Sheriff Taylor's girlfriend, Helen Crump. Of course, neither McQueen nor Corsaut were teenagers, but rarely real teenagers played real teenagers. Director Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr., made the directorial debut with The Blob. Linerson & Simonson's script has synthesized four genres: first, the invasion of aliens; secondly, adolescent delinquency; the third, a mystery of murder and the fourth; a horror cooler. Moreover, while the gelatinous substance assumes different forms, it remains largely anonymous. In other words, the Jell-O homonym does not speak or communicate by telepathy. Instead, she kills without calming or discriminating against anyone. The tone of "The Blob" is pretty serious, despite its somewhat camouflaged nature. As filmmakers make their mark on Crimeon DVD movie "The Blob," the film opens unusually for a horror sci-fi thriller with our hero and heroine in a remote rural village that makes and kisses. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see a big meteor drop on the ground and go to find her. Meanwhile, an old man finds the meteor and finds him with a stick. The meteor opens and a stick of blood sticks to the stick. When the old timer (Olin Howland of "The Paleface") looks at her more closely, the goose attaches to his hand. The old man runs screaming out of the crater, and Steve almost strikes him with his hands. Steve and Jane take the guy and take him to see Dr. Hallen in town. <br /> <br /> Hallen is ready to leave town for a medical conference when Steve and Jane bring the old man to the office. Hallen calls his nurse to come back because he may need to amputate. Of course, Hallen has never seen anything like the substance on the man's forearm. Hallen sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes enter another group of teenagers who ridiculed Steve's rapid leadership. Steve knocks him upside down, but local police chief Dave (Earl Rowe) leaves him on the hook. Steve and adolescents visit the site of the meteor crater and find the warm remains of the meteors. After visiting the old man's house and saving a dog, teenagers split up for a frightening night movie, while Steve and Jane return to Dr. Hallen's office. In the interim, the blob had completely absorbed the old geezer, killed Hallen's assistant, and attacked the doctor. Neither the acid thrown on the protoplasm nor the Hallen rifle have any effect on the skin. Steve surprises a piece of stain absorbing Hallen. When Steve and Jane go to the police department to report the incident, Dave is frankly unjust, while Sergeant Bert (John Benson) thinks it's a joke. Bert has an ax to fatten his teenagers, because his wife died when someone hit the car. Steve and Jane take them to Hallen's office, but nobody finds either hide or hair, but Dave admits the office has been vandalized. Against Sgt. Bert's advice, Dave turns teenagers into their parents. Not sooner, Steve and Jane tricked their people into believing they were asleep in bed, rather than venturing again. They drive into the city and find the old man's dog who escaped him in front of a supermarket. When they go to get Steve back, Steve heads in front of the shop's electric door and opens. I can not find anyone in, but they meet the blob. Steve and Jane take refuge in a freezer and the blob does not attack them. Later, after escaping, Steve convinces adolescents who challenged him in a street run to alert authorities because he should be home in bed. Police Chief Dave and the firefighters get to the supermarket. Steve tries to convince Dave that the blob is in the store. At that moment, the blob kills the theater designer and attacks the spectators. Suddenly, a bunch of people get out of the theater and Dave thinks of Steve. Steve and Jane arrive at a lunch counter that the bomb is attacking. Our owner and heroes open in the cellar, and Steve discovers that a fire extinguisher with its freezing content forces the blob to retreat. Authorities collect each fire extinguisher from the city and manage to freeze the funnel. The Pentagon sends a team to transport the blob to the North Pole. As the grain remains toward the polar ice pack, the final credit appears with a gigantic question mark. Producer James B. Harris obtained military records of a Military Military Military Pilot deploying the parachute and its cargo. "The Blob" turned out to be a hit-in hit and Steve McQueen grew up at the stardom gave the film an impulse. If you are not a minor, this little horror movie is not scary at all, but Yeaworth and his screenwriters create a sufficient amount of paranoia and sympathy for our heroes. They never show the blob that assimilates the victims and leave it to your imagination, so "The Blob" has no subtlety.
