I first saw this a few years ago on a Sicilian TV channel that was no longer working; the film has emerged as a high-priced DVD from Criterion: not sure what I originally did (despite having reached the status of worship over the years, the actual realization is modestly seen even by fans of gender), opted not to make the purchase? as I did with the similar film and, for me, unfamiliar BEING WITHOUT A FAIR (1958). Recently, however, I managed to acquire THE BLOB through a copy of the Spanish DVD that interestingly played on the two songs of the Special Edition criteria, but unfortunately I could not stop the Spanish subtitles during playback of the main feature! Anyway, looking back at the movie, I was surprised at how much I enjoyed (despite many narrative flaws that I will later find)? as a pure example of the "B film" (atypically shot in pleasant colors) and a time capsule illustrating the social attitudes of the 1950s. Male leadership was an early role of Steve McQueen and although the actor he could look at him later with contempt, his only contribution to the genre proves to be quite interesting: he does not oppose the juvenile, more important, altruistic) child. The special effects that describe the thin and expanding creature are not too bad of its type and period; does the movie itself rise to a good climax? starting with the invasion of monsters in a cinema (showing the HORROR FILE [1953/7]), as I mentioned recently in the review of the film, but which was curiously presented as "flipped" and which sequence, incidentally, be presented at the opening of a satirical Italian program called "Blob"!). Regarding quibbles I often have minor with the movie: monster is not presented traveling ?? returns to a variety of places, never seen by anyone! there is an exaggerated mess (equivalent to stuffing) on ​​scratches of children with the police; is it stupid for the doctor to shoot at The Blob? as if the liquid, whatever its proportions, could be destroyed by bullets! it is equally absurd that adolescents alert the dwellers to door-to-door visits (especially when they believe that at that time only McQueen saw the monster in action)! A lower sequel appeared in 1972, called BEWARE the BLOB! the original was then remodeled in 1988? I looked at this not long ago, but it does not seem to have made me a lasting impression (though I know that Micheal Elliott loves her). For the record, I'm going to watch this view with two more collaborations between director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, namely 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
