BLOB is a great horror movie, not only because of the horrible images of its almost unstoppable character, the meat that dissolves the meat, but because it presents a true social message. It is, in many ways, a horror film. "The intelligent story is immensely helped by the solid performances of the entire cast, and the two romantic stars, Steve McQueen and Aneta Corsaut, bring insight and sentiment to the process. well understood, and it is very easy to root them. This is a pro-society film, and its delicate juvenile characters cause problems mainly from boredom, not an evil defect. "Steve McQueen, rival of racing, almost seems to be an enemy at the start of the process, but quickly reunites McQueen's campaign to save the city from the invader that has sprung up once he has seen McQueen's seriousness. In this way, a character situation that at first seems to be cartoonish suddenly develops the depth and human realism. The initial skepticism of the authorities about the wild claims of children to learn edit is wrong - and once the threat is recognized by all, all conflicts within society disappear. This unification of purpose and the validation of "troubled" adolescents become official when Anette Corsaut's father goes to school to get the extinguishers needed to freeze the Blob. On any other day, entry into school would be considered an act of vandalism typical of juvenile delinquent - on this day, it is a necessary action by a figure of adult authority. At this turning point, it is clear that there are no lines of division between the young and the elderly. This is an unusual film in the sense that it recognizes the perception of a "generation gap" but suggests that it is more imaginative than real, and that, given a real crisis, people will naturally unite to restore order. "The Blob" is a perfect tonic for the type of depression that generally comes with a "Night of the Living Dead" (1968). Many have been made of the inexpensive, but innovative film (and effective!) Visual effects. They are no doubt intelligent. A lot of gravity tricks we see in the Blob show have been made with miniature sets designed to be rotated. The room was usually attached to the sets in a very tight position (the lights had to be attached in a similar way so that the illumination remained constant as the camera was rotated in this way and that). These scenes were often shot in one shot once the camera was turned slowly - the silicon grain rose very slowly and its action had to be accelerated. In a way, this was similar to stopping the motion picture, but using a silicone stain rather than a articulated puppet. Even today, the effects are surprising and bizarre. A very good movie, with an exploitation title, BLOB is a must-see.
