Movies such as Chocolat, Beau Travail and others led French director Claire Denis as the world's most unique and featured filmmaker, and 2004's The Intruder (L'Intrus) adds to the depth of his portfolio. A cinematic poetry that conveys the state of loneliness and loss, the film gives a look at the psyche of a person who physically and mentally deteriorates and who travels to different parts of the globe seeking redemption and peace, but it is not hard to come. Based on Jean-Luc Nancy's memories of heart transplantation, The Intruder is a film of such opacity that even after two views it is difficult to describe it in subjective, impressive terms. <br /> <br /> Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is a seventy-year-old man who probably died of heart disease and who, like the Wild Strawberry Ingmar Bergman teacher, is trying to conform to mistakes in his life while having time. It is clear that he is physically robust and very rich, but seems to have suffocated emotionally, and the appearance on his face is a quiet resignation. Although we see only one episode of violence, where it sinks in the middle of the night to kill an intruder, there is a genuine sense of it. Perhaps he would be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent or a man who hit her. Regardless of the situation, he seems to have some kind of supervision and behaves like a man who has been involved in a criminal offense and is only now able to see the consequences. Facing almost along the film create a strong sense of isolation. He lives with his dogs in a cabin in the Jura Mountains, near the Franco-Swiss border, and has an estranged son, Sidney (Gregoire Collin), whom he neglected for a long time. Sidney lives near Antoinette's wife (Florence Loiret-Caille) and his two children. In a scene, he meets his father on the street and calls him crazy, but that does not prevent him from taking his money. When the movie opens, we meet Antoinette, a Swiss border guardsman who boards a cottage with a dog trained to smuggle some smuggling. When she returns home, she is greeted by her husband who asks her tongue in her cheek if she has "something to say"? Apart from these three individuals, the people and circumstances we see in the rest of the film can only exist in Louis's imagination. Louis has three women in his life and we all meet in the first half hour of the film: a pharmacist (Bambou) who prepares his medication, a neighbor (Béatrice Dalle) who is a dog breeder who refuses to take care of his dogs when she goes (Katia Golubeva), who tells her that she wants a young man's heart. Inevitably, he pursues it throughout the film, but it seems to be only in his mind. In the last section of the film, Louis travels to South Korea in search of a heart transplant, and Tahiti gives a gift to another son, the one he has not seen for many years or perhaps never seen. Her heart transplant, however, seems to be a metaphor for a heartless man, a man whose life was fascinating, but ultimately directed, intruding into the lives of other people, with little real empathy. The intruder contains a guitar soundtrack haunted by Stuart Staples from the Tindersticks band, reminiscent of Jim Jarmusch's dead man's rifle guitar and Agnes Godard's superb cinematography by Denis. Godard creates memorable pictures that send the mood and regret: a heartbeat alone in the snow, a child in a sling that looks up to his father for two good minutes, the expression of the baby gradually moving from morose to half smile , colorful paintings blow from a newly baptized ship, a massage in a darkened room by a mysterious Korean masseuse, and the vast expanse of the ocean seen from a bombed ship deck. While The Intruder can be frustrating because of its elliptical nature, Denis forces us to respond from our own experience, to understand the images on the screen at a very personal level. If there is a theme, a clue might be found in the opening that tells us what is revealed in the film - "the worst enemies are hiding in the shadows in your heart."
