I'm dealing with this at our local festival, where people will see me so many times that they thought I was a better source than I was, started with a whistle: "Well, I can not sum up the plot, but it's indeed a superb study of the character of an extremely frightening man. " Then, easily embarrassed, I met someone who actually knew what had descended, that is, from which Trebor gives us our new heart. It was my last film on a long and long day at the middle of the festival. Maybe I thought. The better a movie, the more likely it is to trigger stories that really send me dreams. I do not know. He knew there was a twist of O'Henry, with pain, even beyond what we did, as things were over. And he knew it had to do with his heart, hence the quest for talent in silence. My remark about losing the plot had more to do with the complications of Trebor's ties to France, his relationship with the dog woman, and so on, things we were really awake for. Denis hardly looks at details that could have anchored the treatment of another director. But I write too often these things in memory, especially the films that I do not have movies (Le Lait de la tendresse humaine is one of many examples), and the plot breaks out much faster than the bigger impressions . However, or already, L'Inrus in my memory is, beyond anything else, a character study of a superman on the dark side, a super fiend that is not included in genres or historical traps, but active and plausible, relatively soft , even among us. The scar, once it touches it, makes it, only visually, in the picture, a kind of Frankenstein hybrid monster, a crazy doctor and a creation in one. Doctors are his tools. If he does not extract or install the heart himself, it is just because it is not possible. He is the force, always, the parasite consuming all that he touches and, ultimately, himself. What else is he? To suggest that he is, the first world to the third seems to be too simple, because he does not feed less to his First World colleagues, to all of us. The eye of Denis's room - when I look at things I know - usually goes where it is mine, so I tend to trust her when she looks at things I do not know. The snow trail, the too fast bicycle and the darkness of the forest known in small ways, but the South Sea was not at all, so we made better the entrance to L'Intrus, both in France and in the crystalline islands of the finish, than in Beau travail. L'Intrus is, for me, a very uncomfortable movie. It is a sequence of family portrayed places with intimacy that allows us to know whether we have seen the reality or not. A single picture, Bicycle Tremor, its massive weight on the racing frame, the shrill sounds of air, and the tough tires, the asphalt ribbon, the dark eternal sunshine, realized that the film would be a linear journey, a single force driven by will. Despite Trebor's personal power, it's a human failure. No matter who he is with him, he is alone, though, apparently, not always. His body gave up life twice, first to need a new heart, then in spite of it. L'Intrus is a tragedy. Trebor is hubris. <br /> <br /> I dangerously navigate the thread of what I remember. Let's leave this.
