Intruder (L'intrus) is a visual pilgrimage through a mysterious life. Grizzled Michel Subor plays "Louis Trebor" as Jason Bourne as an old man with a hidden past, living simply in a hut isolated from the forest for justifiably paranoid reasons (but attracting young women which may be useful to him). We learn more about it through dreams, flashbacks and a journey that can take place chronologically or not, as well as through its close interactions with family, lovers, business associations and a striking nemesis. Like the "The Limey," the film resonates with parent / child regret and a suspicious past revealed by clips of an old film with the same actor as a young man (1965's "Le Reflux" adventure film by Paul Gégauff). <br /> <br /> In a total contrast of arrangements, we meet his son, Sidney (Grégoire Colin), who must be the sexiest man in the world because he sweet and seductive makes repairs and care for a child, child and every need for his wife to work. Of course, director / co-writer Claire Denis must have created it as a woman's fantasy if there had ever been a lesson for other directors about prelude filming. There is an extended scene in which he seeks his father in the woods as he carefully takes his angelic child into a bag. He is all that his father is not, and he has all the relationships his father can not support; No wonder he thinks his father is "a madman." I spent the rest of the movie in the fear that something bad would happen to him that the true nature of the heart of his estranged father is very gradually played in front of our eyes. The film is a puzzle, but Subor is incredibly fascinating as we watch it cross the country and negotiate unfriendly dealings, and the narrative of Denis's "Beau Travail" was annoying anyway. We must realize from mermaids and incidental signs that it travels to Geneva, Korea and the South Pacific. The passage of time is indicated by the change of seasons and healing and healing. There are many water images for cleaning and distancing. Continuing fascination with the morphing of colonialism in globalization and playing a little bit on the stereotypes of the Mysterious Orient and Russian criminals, Denis incorporated Tahiti elements of Robert Louis Stevenson, Paul Gauguin, and Marlon Brando idols and a memoir of 40 pages by French philosopher Jean-Luc Nancy, the last for the title and plot of heart transplant used for an ironic theme of limited immortality that has consequences. While "Louis" thinks he has been over the borders, rules and morals, there is amusement in the last act, because the locals do not know what to do with him and try to help him solve his quixotic odyssey, even if he is back in isolation. <br /> <br /> More people in the audience were frustrated at the elliptical but striking story. The unconventional narrative raises a lot of questions about the details.
