Samuel Hung's Pedicab Driver film of 1989 is considered by many to be his masterpiece. I have to agree, to a certain extent, that the film, in most of its parts, becomes incredible and fantastic as any Hong Kong movie ever had. It's a pretty good and well-written combination of interesting and sympathetic characters (and also non-sympathetic), a really funny humor and a real hyper-kung fu that is guaranteed to make many jokes escaped when someone who is unfamiliar with Hong Kong movie theater watches as well as experienced industry enthusiasts. Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung play two pedicab drivers who live in Hong Kong in the middle of the last century, I think. They run their booths and are also desperate for love. Sammo is interested in the local Ping Factory (Nina Li Chi), while Max one day meets a mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying, with whom he falls madly. Many other characters are introduced and they remain pretty clear all the time if the viewer really focuses on the film and its plot, so I can not say the movie is confusing, because it could be much worse, especially in Hong Kong! Soon we find out, for example, that a family of ruthless gangsters terrorize the neighborhood and, of course, violent acts also affect our protagonists so that the premise has been created for some of the most incredibly choreographed kung fu fights . In addition, some beautiful dramas. The film has an excellent distribution. Leaders are very good and burdened (not so painfully horrible and humorous, as for instance in Sammo's Oriental Condos, for example) and, thanks to a carefully written script, quite pleasant and easy to identify with . The film includes numerous film faces known by HK and small-film directors such as Corey Yuen Kwai (legendary film director and film director such as Savior of Soul 1 and 2, Ninja in Dragon's Day and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2) composer Master Lowell Lo Koon -Ting (the Golden Fireo Ringo Lam School and the Foco prison in Lam among many others, including the Pedicab Driver), veteran Shaw Liu Chia Liang (who with Sammo has a raging battle with sticks) Alfred Cheung Kin- Ting (the director of HK noir classic dark in 1988), the great big Lam Ching Ying (best known for his friendly face in various HK / horror / kung fu / comedies) to name just a few. In fact, distribution in the Pedicab Driver is one of the most interesting I've ever seen in any other HK production. The film has some interesting moments, especially about the love between Max Mok and Fennie Yuen, and a crisis that faces Lowell Lo's character. They could really have done this if they wanted the talk about human values ​​and the meaning of love, no matter what your past or what you did to live, become so serious and truly effective on the part of the film becomes immediately more remarkable than our average kung fu performance. Also, the efforts of other characters to heal things are very moving and they say a lot about the human relationships and the right friendship, and of course about love. However, I think what Fennie tells Max (about the future of "bad cooking") is very useless and tones the potential of the whole segment and its themes quite efficiently, unfortunately. But then we get to the thing the filmmakers were most interested in. What is the action, the scandalous action and the above. Battle scenes include traditional kung fu, sticks, meat cleansers, and the like, and are used here as hysterical as the most mind blowing the kung fu scene I have ever seen in any movie Drunken Master II (1994) I'm really so great! There are wires and they are used very smartly, and people literally fly to the opposite corner of the room when they are beaten or perforated. Simply amazing and again, only Hong Kong cinema can deliver. Also, dangerous stunt makers make the viewer hold their breath, while the movie has a rapid succession of cars vs. pedicab tracking sequences and various dangerous jumps and twisted bodies flying through the air and crashing to the hard destination. However, filmmakers seem to not "accept" the violence of the film because Sammo, like young Bruce Lee, is willing to free himself after the last murderous chaos of the gangster villa, and I think this kind of morality, no matter how obvious or superficial, would could be, it's a good thing even in a harmless movie like this, because the cinema is meant to be much more than just meaningless fun. The movie also has a bit of humor that I'm not sure everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) would understand or would not want at all. Star Wars hilarious gang is definitely among them and even forced me to laugh when I realized what I see. Also some fun scenes are created from Sammo's passion for Ping. However, the biggest laugh of amazement came during the scenes described in the previous paragraph as images of large and tall people flying with great force above the screen on the walls or the furniture is simply INSANE and so amazing that I can not I hide my feelings and thoughts about these East film makers when they confess something like this, and that's nothing but positive and the appreciation of the reaction, of course. Pedicab Driver is among the most incredible action movies in Hong Kong that I have ever seen and easily among Sammo's greatest achievements. If few minor defects were not there, this could have a higher and higher rate. 8/10
