It's a gentle and mild comedy from the 1950s. Kim Novak belongs to a Manhattan witch coven. She makes a neighborly Jimmy Stewart spell of boredom, but eventually falls in love with him, losing his powers. See, witches are allowed to have "hot blood," but they do not love. Elsa Lanchester is the aunt of Novak, also a witch. Jack Lemmon is her brother, so. Hermione Gingold is the greatest witch, and Ernie Kovacks is Sidney Redlich, a writer specializing in witchcraft writing. I described it as a comedy in the 1950s because it could hardly be mistaken for anything else. Everything is so smooth and polished, from set decoration, through wardrobe and parcel to performance and direction. Take the character of Ernie Kovacks. He is called "a boy and a nut". Here's how the movie looks like these features. He asks for a second drink, and although he always wears a jacket and tie as the other gentlemen, his hair is long and beaten. This is a strict version of the 1950s of a drink and a nut. Nothing is out of place; everything is clean and dust-free. Jimmy Stewart's shoe sole is just scared. And the Zodiac club, where witches stand on their feet. It's called "low diving." However, it is a clean, dark place with polite waiters, a quintet of musicians, nicely dressed customers, and potted plants on bare brick walls. This is not my idea of ​​"low diving" - not even for Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea to dive into Greenwich Village is Julius or The White Horse Tavern or The San Remo or The Swing Rendezvous, lesbian hangout. The Zodiac Club is a high dive compared to them. The kookiness we always hear is quenched by today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is weird, because she runs around her apartment on bare feet. And they wear a lot of black clothes, as the Beatniks did during this period. But it does not matter. It's a nice romantic comedy. Kim Novak is effective as Gillian, who runs a primitive art shop for the defeated. It has a strange, voluminous and ethereal beauty at the same time. He walks rather than walking, a strange presence. Her eyebrows seem to be drawn with a set of French plastic curves. And Jimmy Stewart is pretty good as the stunned and swept victim. In the 1930s, he usually played in light roles. In the post-war years and for the most part of the 1950s, the protagonist was tortured, but here he puts his early comedy experience for good use. Who could resist laughing when Hermione Gingold forced him to wear a shawl and drink a hideous mixture of rotten liquid to cure him of the spell of Novak? It's good to see him as a stooge instead of the angry man and indignant in principle that he was in danger of becoming. Richard Quine runs the film quietly, with no fireworks or special effects, and does some interesting things the song could not have. Notice the scene in which Novak casts witchcraft on Stewart, when the face and ears of the Siamese cats seem to be merged with Novak's surprised eyes. Ernie Kovacks in the 1950s was a well-known television personality. There has never been anything like The Ernie Kovacks Show before or after. This brings to mind the word "surrealism". He could have created tricks without words and indescribable in five minutes in an unpopulated room, with only Bartok's Concerto for Orchestra. And he made an unimaginable sketch using the character of Percy Dovetail, a poet effete. Credits of sorts over Condoli Brotheries, but that's pretty casual because these two guys - Pete and Conte - were virtuoso bands of independent jazz ensembles. Count was later a member of Doc Severison's band in Johnny Carson's late show. The third act of a kind of marshes is a little leaking and becomes more "romantic" than "comedy". But it's never boring. The whole movie turns as beautiful as Van Druten's play, and the kids will probably take a shot.
