I can look at B, B & C and feel all the emotions I felt when I first saw him at the age of 18, maybe only one. For sure Miss K.Novak has never lost her silly love in almost half a century. for young Diana Dors. All those young people who are now thinking about collecting their pensions can recapture their hearts short - stiffening, stuttering, pulsing blood, feeling when they looked directly into their eyes in the days when they were told they were not so good. Now, crammed with cold and afraid of being hurt by a Hoodie, they twist at home as quickly as their arthritic knees can carry them from the video store, relatively happy in certain knowledge that in the comparative safety triple - the block tower tower, they can regain only a small fragment of their lost youth and may reflect that love is truly eternal. This film is Miss Novak's "Moment of Golden". He has done it, and has done tremendous performance, combined with a hypnotic consciousness of sexual recourse, and despite all this, she convinces her character possesses a strange and enigmatic innocence. She completely dominates Mr. J. Stewart, who seems to have resigned to hand over the film. Misses E.Lanchester and H.Gingold offer comic help alongside Mr. E. Kovacs whose specific talents are strictly forbidden.Mr J.Lemmon plays the brother Miss Novak. He is a beatnik, a species that disappeared as soon as he realized his existence was recognized by the mainstream. Some of the toughest beats were reinvented as hippies a few years later. Of course, they became fun figures until 1958 and Mr. Lemmon does not seem to be too concerned with the image shuffling. But everything is simply angry, Miss Novak - immersed in a really beautiful spectrum of Technicolor - is the only reason - d'etre for "Bell, Book and Candle". He survives, his reputation is enriched, Hollywood's Most Beautiful Women. Loved by film lovers, ignored by critics, Miss Novak will continue to captivate with that enigmatic smile all the time thinking that elders have the power to push the Play buttons to their DVDs. One day, perhaps after I left, be discovered by a new generation who - lately - realizes that it is very possible for a woman to be fully dressed and sexually attractive at the same time.
