John Van Druten's "Bell, Book and Candle" diary is a delightful and unexpected fantasy about a covenant of modern witches living in New York City; it was obviously an appealing cinematographic property. She had a star part for Gillian Holroyd, for her former publisher, Shepherd Henderson, and her family and circle of madmen, including Shep's ugly fiancé, the ugly Merle Kittredge, against whom the chances of Shep Gillian begin magic. He even had Pyewacket, a Siamese cat, familiar with well-prepared meowows, Sidney Redlitch, a fake witch expert with atrocious claims and bad manners. In short, it seems that his maker may have box-office magic. And so it turned out to be. So many things were right in terms of production, but only one element was not perfect; but I found the rest to be fun, charming and very consistent - fun. First of all, Daniel Taradash's script retained the finest qualities of the theatrical play, but he opened his scenes to include Greenwich Village and other areas of the New York scene. The technical production was beautiful, with the legendary James Wong Howe cinema, a good score by George Duning, more than clever sets by Louis Diage and Jean Louis Dresses. Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule as Merle, Ernie Kovacs as Redlitch, Jack Lemmon as Gillia's brother, the wonderful comedies Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold as a witch and Kim Novak in one of her more attractive Gillian. Jimmy Stewart was the imperfect element in my judgment; he did well with the comedic parts of his role, but he was never convincing as a New York book publisher and a little too old for Henderson's part anyway. But director Richard Quine used subtle enlightenment, rhythm changes and unusual photos to indicate the oddity of the witch's portions of the film, keeping the other portions very bright but clear in their presentation. The film's main crisis in the movie happens when, in fact, Gillian falls for Henderson, who does not believe at all in the witch. She just started to alienate him from his fiancé, from his college rival. Later, when Henderson tries to get out, he returns to her - and realizes that he is under a spell, as he apologetically tried to explain. .. Meanwhile, Sidney Redlich was summoned by witchcraft to come to New York to sell Henderson's book. Of course he does not know anything about magic, but he is quite puzzled and interested in finding out why he came anywhere; but Gillian's brother is enlightening him. Everything finally comes out in this romantic satire, because Gillian proves her love for Henderson losing her powers - what happens to witches when they really love a mortal. Of course, he never wanted to resist it. The film has a charm, charm and a little bit of magic in the charm of witch girls and the pain that Gillian has to endure in struggling with herself and winning the man she loves. A wonderful end of this wonderful and unusual story makes her amazing realism, though a fantasy, almost complete in my opinion. Very charming.
