The Bell, Book and Candle game was a favorite of mature actresses to make stock in the summer and take the road. A famous story, directed by director Harold J. Kennedy, has Ginger Rogers, insisting that her husband, William Marshall, who was not an actor, cost her with her. Marshall was wearing a bush, and when he walked on a door, his toupee caught on a nail and stood behind, tangled in the door as he walked on the stage. The song was successfully adapted in a beautiful color film with Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Hermoine Gingold, Ernie Kovacs and Janice Rule. It's about easy entertainment, a family of witches (Novak, Lemmon and Lanchester) and the publisher (Stewart) who lives in their building. The most expert of them is Gillian, who would want to be normal. One evening, with Stewart in her apartment, she puts a spell on the Siamese cat, Pyewacket, and falls in love with her. "Bell Book and Candle" was filmed on a charming set that replicates New York. The movie is a lot of fun. Jack Lemmon is very funny in supporting Gillian's brother, a Zodiac musician with witches and witchcraft. He uses his powers to turn the street illumination on and off and to turn on the occasional woman. The Janice rule is perfect as Gillian's ex-college snobby rival, who is now meeting with Stewart, and Ernie Kovacs has a great role as an eccentric writer who writes a definitive book about the witch. Lanchester and Gingold, of course, are always wonderful, aunt Lanchester Gillian and Gingold as a queen of witchcraft. Kim Novak is a fitting fit for Gillian by giving the character a detachment according to a witch who shows emotion when it becomes opportune, and with that flashy face and magnificent wardrobe is certainly magical. Stewart, in his last foray as a romantic lead, with Novak as well as Vertigo, and they make an efficient team. He delivers the heat, gives it coolness and, in a way, sparks together. In this, of course, it is more elegant than in "Vertigo". A charming movie, good for an afternoon afternoon, well around Christmas (Christmas is at Christmas), and great if you feel like smiling.
