From time to time, you look at a movie that defines your values ​​and shows you the true depth of human emotions that let you drain. Vivah is that? maybe more. After watching DDLJ, Saajan, and Lamhey, I figured Bollywood got to the top and never came up with that - EVER. The boy was wrong! I went to the store to buy some food and decided to choose this movie with the new "DON" (so I can compare The Great AB with ShahRukh, although the decision is already made in my mind). After I debated if I lost almost 3 hours in a meaningless movie, I decided to see him realizing that I had nothing else to do. When I saw U's ranking instead of A, I was glad that at least it is something that I do not have to look at badly dressed women with bad acting skills, doing nothing but dancing on every occasion that I get it and do with each guy to show she has more bedding skills than a Hollywood B actress. In the first 5 minutes I thought I would once again be subjected to a meaningless story with a bad attitude. After all those who saw Shahid Kapor know that he has never won his fame as an actor. Boy ?? I was wrong about this movie. This movie took my interest in the first 5 minutes and I would not let it go. It was a great movie with a good story about the missing traditions of our society. I liked not only that the director was brave enough to make a movie in which the younger generation might not refer to the concept of marriage arranged but also did it with conviction (that is good to do). I have no idea why some people think the acting was not good. I felt the actor was great and even if the musical score could not be considered the best ever, it was still very good. The good thing is that this music will increase people with time as it did with me after watching the movie a second time. The other good thing is that your songs are not pushed into the script as we all have seen in so many films. These songs actually say much of the story and are certainly a welcome addition. Just like Ajay Devgan was a joke for a great actor (after a company), and Salman found his groove after Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun; this film will help Shahid Kappor to reach Bollywood's best actors and animators. This is his first film in which I like him and his role. He acted well and was adjusted to be the young rich and benevolent child. Yes, you will not find him playing basketball and scoring every point on a dunk like you saw ShahRukh in DDLJ (even if he is proven to be an Indian in England, both countries are not big on Basketball, by the way) as very credible as a person who respects his values. Amrita Rao, for the first time, came as someone to remember. In her other films, she struggles with big faces that actually hinder her. No one knew how good an actress really was until she was watching this movie. Some of the scenes where she has to cry rather towards the end really show her knowledge and depth of action. Although she has been in other films, she is the most memorable in this film. I think this movie will do and should do miracles for it. Get over Rani? there is finally another girl who, if given a decent chance to work with good executives, can take your torch from you. She is beautiful with a great voice and has a face that completely isolates the innocence. Oh, having almost 0% body fat, does not suffer any harm (yes, I challenge you to find even 0.1% fat on it and unlike so many others like Sonali, she can even act too). I thought I would never be loved by anyone's beauty after Madhuri and Kajol early, but she completely changed that. Shahid and Amrita worked very well together, and their relationship fixed their characters and they both did a great job (although I expected Shahid to become a girl like Salman, every time he said "Hum aapkey Hain Kaun"). When I finished watching this movie, it left me so excited that I decided to watch this movie again (right away). Yes rightaway. I've never done that before. Not even with DDLJ, but this movie just had something to be understood again and again. I'm probably going to watch this movie for the third time in the weekend to be able to follow and resume the traditions we all grew up with. I miss those moments when families were sitting and having fun. When the parents had time for their children and where the children respected what their parents thought. I know a lot of people think the film does not portray real life, but deep, we do not all want to happen. Families, tradition, love and respect. That's why this movie will remind us all. I can assure you that this is an extremely well-done film that you will enjoy. I'm sure some young people will not want this movie, but if you're over 28, I doubt you'll be one of them.
