An absolutely brilliant film! Jiri Trnka, the master of puppet animation, faces totalitarianism in his final film. It would have been banned by the Czechoslovak Communist government (at that time), despite the fact that it obtained the highest animation prize of the country. In this short and fun film, an artist tries to create a new pot for his favorite plant. He makes his creations happy as he dreams that his plant will become a beautiful rose. Suddenly, here is a door knocker, and there comes this huge omnipotent hand that tries to force the artist to make statues in his likeness. The artist resists how well he can, but eventually becomes overwhelmed by the constant attempts to force himself to conform. He becomes brainwashed; an intellectual zombie. At this point, the hand attaches to the artist's strings, puts it in a cage, and uses it to make statues by hand. With all the glorification of the artist's work and his awarding with medals and honors. The inner lust of the artist to express himself freely is what helps him prevail over his indoctrination and allows him to come out of his prison, be it literal or in his mind, and returns to his home where he must live in fear constant of the omnipotent hand's wrath. He closes, believing that the Almighty hand is not available, but at this time puts the plant and the pot upside down, hoping there is no hand at hand and ending with the fall on his head, his killing. The artist is inevitably destroyed by his creation. All because of constant fear had to live once he escaped the handlines. Once dead, his hand painted the artist as a great person, a national hero. Unfortunately, not in the circumstances or for the reasons that the artist would like to remember. Trnka's condemnation of totalitarian society and their lack of free expression is dark, profound and amazingly animated. No wonder the government has banned this because it is a kind of media that people admire and might even listen to. This was clearly not acceptable. An amazing example of civilian disobedience to the artists and the impact they may have. And yet quite relevant today for many parts of the world, from the US to the Middle East. You have to see and define 10 out of 10! Talk about going out with a bang!
