At first I did not like the cause of the film as a drama of Nazi rumors. But after I bought it and saw it, it was not that bad. I have heard so many complaints that the number was short, and Ilse Werner did not sing. I understand now. The radio show was a super propaganda radio program. Ilse, Johanne and Zara, plus Rudy Shruki and band like Kurt Widman and Orchestra and Fud Cantics never appeared in the radio because the singers and troupers were pop and swing. The Foot Club has regulated the fact that for the tourist areas occupied for soldiers, short-range radios for soldiers also nightclubs and hotels in Berlin and Hamburg, and record sales only. This is why Ilse was not allowed to sing in this picture. This would be done by the medieval music budget, "Music making", in 1942, in which she will show the whistle. But this is an excellent example of propaganda. Inge and her aunt Eichhorn, played by Ida Wust, go to the 1936 Olympics. Aunt forgets his tickets, so Inge has to wait until her aunt returns with the tickets. He meets Carle Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. She goes with him and is love at first glance. they intend to marry, but the Spanish war gets in the way, so they have to go on a mission on the right. Karl Raddatz, as many people complained about him, was really nice and not clear. When he did Opfergang and put on a mustache, plus a bronze that made him look clearly. See that the Nazi soldiers act normally as a scene where a butcher and his troops are in France and steals pigs from a farm and are about to have lunch until their leader suggests saving the pigs. This reflects extremism for Adolph animal rights. The character was a soldier now. It was subtly prevented from eating meat. Beginning in World War 11, Herbert flies on a German plane. We pull one of the pilots, so Herbert takes over. We're shooting his plane. They collapse. Unfortunately, for us, they survive. Moreover, the Nazi soldiers go to a Catholic church, now the Catholics down, and Hubert's best friend, played by Joachim Brennecke, starts playing the Beethtoven organ. . The church is a bomb, and the soldier continues to stay and play the organ that he is told to leave. Finally, we hurt him. The propaganda message? The organ of the Catholic Church makes him become addicted to him. He hurt him. See? Meanwhile, Inge is with her either her mother or grandma, played by Hedwig Bleibteu, the German actress Grandame, who played Mariah's aunt in Weiner Blut. Then comes the short view of the radio show. It was not intended to be a musical magazine, as Kora Terry launched that same year as well as Rosen in Tirol. The music and their part of the war should have been just the fall back. It was mainly a romantic war movie. It's easy to take a pot shot at that soldier in the movie, but in real life many of these soldiers were forced to fight the Nazi cause, the cause of the job, and the monthly pay they will receive. After the war, many of them who will survive will regret it. This is a classic good for paper. The only problem is that today you have Neo-Nazi and Nazi skinheads that have watched the same films to reflect their worship of Hitler and theirs. They have disruptive sites that exploit these classic movies to raise money for their madness. Be careful, most of the time, it's just classic direct hatred. If their script seems to glorify him, then his Nazi site jumps over him. Go to IHF or German war films dot com, Amazon dot Dee or Net dot dot german. They are legitimate. 01/23/10 Mada a mistake that Herbert's friend was not killed in the church. He was the friend of the character of Malte Yager, Schartzscope.
