I have to admit first that I'm a big fan of The Dandy Warhols and that's why I've been watching this movie. The uniqueness of this film, compared to other modern rockumentare, is that it is not just about a page of a troop history (like "I tried to break your heart", about Wilco), but rather a long time the history of the band. In this film, director / producer Ondi Timoner has been closely following the friends / rivals The Brian Jonestown Massacre (BJM) and The Dandy Warhols (DW) for more than 8 years (1995-2003) and shooting at astounding 1500 hours of gross video , 1:45 hours (the future DVD will contain much more material than the original movie). The result is amazing - there are no fillers - the movie is 100% pure and authentic archive images, which gives you the feeling of progressing the movie you live with troops all these years. Both bands at the beginning of their career promised to "make a revolution" in the production of music and not to sell their souls to the devil of the "music industry." However, their roads have diversified rapidly - Dandy Warhols signed a contract with Capitol Records and became relatively popular (especially in Europe) after a single album, while The Brian Jonestown Massacre (with its leader self-destruction Anton Newcombe) (at least how it is featured in the film). And the film follows the descent of the Brian Jonestown massacre, contrasts with the rise of The Dandy Warhols. First of all, I was thrilled by the film and his approach to telling Anton Newcombe's story (for example, Courtney Taylor - the leader of The Dandy Warhols - narrated), but after I thought I realized something was wrong with this movie. First, he treats Anton Newcombe as a missing person. The project began in 1995 as a documentary about several promising groups, where Anton Newcombe and Ondi Timoner were equal partners (this was why Ondi Timoner had unlimited access to both bands). It was Anton Newcombe who brought Dandy Warhols to the project. Eventually he was completely ignored as if he had been kicked out of the project. Everyone talks about BJM, but he does not participate in the discussion. I think he was not even informed when the group started the final editing process. There are always both sides of the story and here we have only one ... Of course, as we would expect, Anton does not endorse the final result and sees this film as a betrayal of his former friends. <br /> <Second, the movie is very Dandy Warhols-biased. Sure, the winner takes everything, but the fact that Courtney Taylor (the DW leader) nares (even if it seems a good choice - offers a seemingly closer sense of involvement) and that the late lane history is represented nonproportionally (BJM is covered until 1997, and DW - until 2003) does not add objectivity to the film. Third, the film is (a bit) superficial. What does he want to teach us? As a critic said: "... the film analyzes old questions: where does a genius fit into a commercial world? Can it develop and become or must be self-destructed to preserve its integrity?" No, DO NOT EXAMINE THESE QUESTIONS! It only describes a story of a brilliant but unsuccessful musician, told by a less brilliant but successful man who relies on self-assurance and the eternal coolness of a higher ego than in the mountains. the movie was fun - it's gross, it's fresh, it's stylish, it's ... just an interesting God, at least for DW or BJM fans. For the rest of the crowd - I do not know ...
