Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends, both are rulers in their respective bands; Anton with the Brian Jonestown and Courtney Massacre with The Dandy Warhols. What interests their friendship is that they are rivals; a hate relationship of love. Sometimes they both hear each other praising each other, but in the next second they complain of how stupid and self-absorbed they are. While Dandy Warhols managed to achieve commercial success, BJM was still stuck in the underground scene; and for a good reason why. <br /> <br /> Dig Fire! is more to Anton and BJM because they have much more substance. I'm the most dysfunctional tape. During the concerts they will fight and beat each other. Anton will hit other members if he feels he is not working properly. With the amount of drugs consumed by alcohol, the fight always expected to happen. You know how people go to racing cars just to see if a huge car accident happens; that's why people would go to concerts, fights. <br /> <br /> Anton is very unstable. Always thinking of as a musical moon, he wants to change music and create a revolution, but he could not get out of the underground. He is a very talented musician, amazing how many tools he can play and with such a skill. But pulling it back is that he can not escape the world he created; a prolific musician stuck in a black hole of drugs, alcohol and depression. On the other hand, Dandy Warhols had their troubles. They did not find much success with their first album and they constantly fought their label label. But they have found great success in Europe. But Courtney continues to be besieged in Anton's world. Interestingly, both Anton and Courtney had what they needed on the other. Courtney always wanted to be musically talented as Anton, although Anton would not say that, he needed Dandy's commercial success to make his revolution. During the seven years, the film team followed these two bands, there is a lot of pictures. There is never a dull moment in Dig! It is constantly moving along because it has no time to slow down because it has to say many, seven years of story telling in 1h 45mins is a hard job. Ondi Timoner has done an excellent job of combining one of the best musical documentaries that makes you always want more. Even if you do not like the troops that are still worth watching; transcends music to reveal a wonderful story about a failure of success. You will be disappointed.
