The film is about Anton Newcombe. The music and career of the two bands are simply background. It is true that Newcombe has the final say about the movie, which in this text you can find in the "news" section of the brianjonestownmassacre site. I would link it here, but IMDb will not allow it. Documentaries are limited by what the camera captures, as well as the need to gather a coherent narrative of somewhat random occurrences when accidentally placing the camera lens on a view line with a relevant occurrence. In Dig, the fortune smiled on Dandy Warhols, capturing their ascent to idol-pop status as pop-folk clothing for mass consumption, especially "Bohemian Like You", a piece that made them dear to world wide due to a mobile cell phone ad. <br /> <br /> There is no luck for Brian Jonestown's massacre. The film captures very little of what made the original BJM great, with the sole exception of a single fit that lasts for a minute or less, showing that Newcombe creates / records a series of short, unimaginable pieces of instruments and ends the sequence with the luminous and brilliant sounds that had to be in Newcombe's mind and soul before it could enter the world. Three comments accompany the movie; one by film makers and two by band members (BJM is just former members, and without Newcombe). Both Warhols and BJM graduates are heading this installment sequence as the "best" bit in the film, and I agree that, given the focus of the film on Anton Newcombe, it is the only part of the film that sheds the right light on his gift and seems too short to give a proper balance to this tortured artist's tentative portrait. Interestingly, commentaries are that, unlike the film, they are recorded in real-time - which may be more revealing than a documentary that is primarily contrived by editing. The Dandeys do not get out well in their comments. If the world of rock-rolls extends the experience of high school life to its inhabitants - as I think it does - Dandies are the poppy guys who are obsessed with popularity, those who listen to rock because it's what their colleagues do, while the crew BJM is unleashed as outsiders half refused, half self-exiled (inside, like Dandy, "losers") that are the real rock spirit. BJM, Joel Gion, who talks with a lot of music, finds the message for me when he says (paraphrasing): "You can not forget that Anton was able to do the only thing he ever said he wanted to do. "Dandies, at the same time, laughed very easily at any scandalous exposure during Newcombe's meltdown (all BJM filming ends here in 1997 before Newcombe gave up heroin). Courtney Taylor-Taylor's reduction of Newcombe's commitment to his vision is summarized as follows: "He is 37 years old and still lives in the car, you can download all the work on his website. The film's flaws can not be blamed by filmmakers, but rather the difficulties of documentary forms and the loss of co-operation by the subject of the film make Newcombe's portrait to be a must. but it's probably the best we'll get out of his music, I've just rented the disc that has the feature, most of the extras are on the second disc, not rent it, as we put it in my order to buy the set.
