Excellent, seemingly documentary about the friendship and rivalry between two rock'n'roll rock troops in the West Coast: The Dandy Warhols and the Brian Jonestown massacre. What turns out to be is a portrait of a frontier psychopath - Anton Newcomb - and his tortured relationship with the rest of the world. Interestingly, for a musical documentary, there is almost no music. What it is - snatches of songs, more often than aborted by performers - is incidental, rather than central. Although the protagonists are musicians, the story does not refer to music, but rather to a special American version of a British myth about a cartoon lifestyle, that is, one in which no one has to take responsibility for behaving adolescents kidnapped full-time. Tantra, drugs, violence, profoundly dysfunctional attitudes, ghosthood on a truly epic scale - all of which are exempt or encouraged positively because they are consistent with the collective idea of ​​what rock'n'roll means. As a movie, this is a first-class documentary, but it raises more questions than answers. For example, why is Anton's music so conservative? For someone so wild and scandalous (and he is savage and outrageous) his music does not seem to have gone beyond the most obvious derivations of the idols of 60 (Stones, Velvet, etc.) For someone who claims to be able to sing 80 of instruments, he never bothered to learn to play any of them beyond the most rudimentary level. Similarly, Dandy Warhols' ardent ambition is based on a vision of rock'n'roll, which was fossilized in 1969. Nothing is wrong with paces, of course, but certainly there is more to musical life than to perpetually act in a cartoon from the late 1960s. Why do not they make certain risks with their music - just like their models did? Because one suspects, it's not music. Music is just an accessory, a suggestion or an excuse to lead completely dysfunctional and irresponsible lives. But why? In the case of Dandy Warhols, the answer is obvious: to make a lot of money and to be famous. Great work. Anton Newcomb's case is more interesting. He is obviously very talented, but each time he is given the opportunity to reach a wider audience, he sabotages it, usually in the most dramatic possible way. He is frightened of success and, at the same time, resents everyone else he has - especially his former friends, Dandy Warhols. Fascinating film. Highly recommended.
