A documentary about two stones that stretches over a number of years. Brian Jonestown Massacre and Dandy Warhols. What makes it special is the examination of the contrasting complex personalities and the ironies of success and failure. Anton Newcombe, the main character of Brian Jonestown's massacre, is widely recognized as a musical genius not only by Dandy Warhols colleagues, friends and rivals, but also by record producers and most people who have worked with him. Unfortunately, he and his band members are not able to integrate with the real world. Newcombe chooses fights with band members or audience members (being arrested at some point to blow the head of a fan). Newcombe knows no limits? he plays between 40 and 100 different instruments, writes and produces all of BJM's music, produces enough songs to fill an entire album in one day, has a prophecy-like obsession with his own musical genius, but is also a heavy drug user, furiously fights for the smallest compromise of his artistic integrity, order his band members as if they are smaller life forms and can make souls as fast as he can. Does BJM go through a large number of fast-track disc labels? they sign them as soon as they realize Newcombe's talent and let them leave as soon as they realize it is totally uncontrollable. Does Warhols recognize his duty to Newcombe's creativity, nor do he put himself in the same high sphere of splendor? but Warhols has something that BJM does not? the ability to integrate talents with common sense, the real world and their market? as a pot of blending talent (even if much of it is distilled by Newcombe guru) and accessibility, they are the very "cool" definition. Dig! pursues the parallel career of the two lanes, with an increase in suffering. At one point, Newcombe shoots designed stunts to generate advertising by sending apparently deadly threats and wishing messages to Warhols (in a box containing live and insane ammunition as a soap bar "to cleanse its act") ? only he forgets to tell him it's a stunt and they become so paranoid that they take a restraining order against Newcombe. Until Dandy Warhols takes off in Europe with hits like "Every Day Should Be A Holiday" and "Bohemia Like You", Newcombe is becoming more and more isolated. BJM are stopped and the band breaks when they are arrested for marijuana possession? Warhols gets stuck for drugs at the same time, leaves with a warning and even allows to keep the grass. DiG's broader call! is that genius lessons about accessibility go beyond two bands or even rock music. The downside is that this is still a documentary, however intimate, and will attract mostly dedicated film fans or people who are already interested in the music of one or both of the bands presented. Newcombe may be a largely unrecognized genius, and there are several minds in the film, but for the untouched ear, there is only more than the interviewees' testimony to this. In the words of one of the band's members: "In every spiritual tradition, you burn into hell as claiming to be God and you can not support it." Newcombe does not pretend? but, numerically, there are still insufficient people to appreciate it in your own life, and DiG! has a difficult struggle to rectify the balance in favor of a tortured, but largely unrecognized, genius.
