I've seen this movie on several occasions. I find one of the funniest things to do is just follow the reactions of the different types of people who are going to see it. Type 1: OLD PEOPLE. A lot of old Japanese men and women go to this film because they think it will be a fair-suited samurai movie with a lot of spy and a medieval Japanese dialogue. As soon as the two protagonists start debating horror films, introducing almost randomly expletives throughout their sentences, old people usually get disgusted. Tip 2: FILM SNOBS. These people believe that just because a movie bears the label "Independent" it will automatically be a load of hard to follow, nonsense that might or may not be in English. Yet they see it anyway just to praise it later, so people will think they are intelligent and cultured. I'm really surprised when I see this movie. As soon as the blood begins to overwhelm the beatings with an anime-inspired sword or a villain who cheats on a dog with trees during a telephone conversation, these people will be so horrified they will come out. Some will just stay to see "how bad it will happen" and later they'll be raving about what a horrible movie was for their friends. Type 3: PEOPLE WITH THE LIVE-ACTION ANIMAL OR SPECIAL MATRIX EFFECTS. We're sorry about people, the martial arts are pretty solid in the movie, but the Yamasato director really does not have the budget for this kind of stuff. Type 4: PERSONS WITHOUT WAITING. These are the ones who really enjoy the film. Whether they only heard about the Samurai's Blood, they chose it randomly, or fell into the wrong theater in an alcoholic mist, they are the ones who will laugh at all the jokes and appreciate the film for what it is: HEATING. This film was not meant to enlighten or provoke deep spiritual thinking, it meant (if I could borrow a dialogue line in the film) to "really hit a bottom". And that's what he's doing. So, depending on what type of person you are, you can or may not enjoy this movie; however, if you appreciate the movie for what it is and you can enjoy an excess of blood and act, then visit this movie and make sure you bring your friends.
