I watched this movie with my complete Nine family. Since my younger brother recently married, we could connect with those who were going. The film stands out for the classic touch to the romance of the engaged couple. Fortunately, this time all Indian places such as Ranikhet Almora have been used, which have already been visited by most urban people, thus adding the connection to the movie. Dialogues are much better than those in "Umrao Jaan Ada" - a supposed dialogue based dialogue. Background music increases the "soft focus" of the movie. I remember somehow about Vare Chopra's "Kareeb," in which he did, and to a certain extent, Bobby did justice to character. The same, in the sense that the lead pair does not disappoint in any department - looks or acts. The distribution that supports the movie is too good. I rate the actress playing Bhabhi in the first league. The situations of the family interactions presented are real and you smile when you are in the place of one of the characters. The songs were too suited to the scenes and they were doing well with the movie. However, although I respect Ravindra Jain for his work at Ramayana movies, I miss Ram Laxman badly. He did not have double entenders (Sivan category), no bikini, no intrigue and no silly. You will watch the movie comfortably with your parents, unless you are already or will be involved soon. I want to sincerely say that although Suraj proposes marriages to be between families and not just individuals, his approach is totally individualistic. The movie is just about Prem & Poonam, the rest of the characters are incidental. Does Art Imitate Life? "Peripheral characters" are shipped in the background, and the only protagonists are the lead pair. <br /> <br /> Coming back, everything was almost great. Besides the dramatic part. The situation of the tragedy was artificially created. The result, the sacrifice and the resulting heart change are not convincing at all. For this reason he lacks the emotional fist - the very purpose of this turn of events. But a turn in the story was necessary to overcome the movie in a pre-marital video in a feature film. But I waited for my fist and never came. The prediction of Mohnal Bahal and later of Alok Nath about the dowry was not localized and did too much on board. Maybe this will help the film a tax-free status. But the plot could have been made more interesting and more nonlinear than what it was. There was too much question in my mind when the movie ended: 1 Is the movie really over? 2 Is the movie finished?
