Imagine the situation of Richard, a painter, whose real passion flies. When we meet for the first time, he is seen on a building in London, wearing his house wings. He broke his sails and other works at the height of his despair, and created a flying device for his jump. When he enters the protection of the protective police, he does not suffer a scratch, but lands him in front of a judge who orders him to serve community service. Richard, whose relationship with Anne is over, decides to move to a rural area where he has a place in the country with a large barn that he intends to use to build his own plane. trying to help Jane Harchard with reluctance. She is a young woman suffering from A.L.S.'s disease or Lou Gehrig and is limited to a motorized wheelchair. Jane is extremely intelligent but has a dark side and a salty vocabulary. She uses a handheld device to speak at times because her speech is unclear. What Jane loves is to lose virginity at any cost. Jane and Richard collide while they meet, but mutual tolerance soon makes them comfortable with each other. Jane, who follows pornography on the computer, has a notion of finding someone like Richard Gere in "American Gigolo," who will have sex with her. When Richard takes her to London, I find the right person for the job. His fee is exorbitant, but I agree. Since they have no money, Richard decides to rob a big bank. Unfortunately things are not going as planned when Jane realizes she can not go through what she wants. Eventually, Richard takes Jane for a ride on his cruel plane built for the thrill of his life, something that brings them closer as they find affinity with each other. Peter Greengrass directed this strange film with an unusual situation. Jane is not clearly the romantic heroine in mainstream movies, and yet she has such a sweet aura about her, who is hard not to feel for her and what she's trying to accomplish. Mr. Greengrass presents an affinity material by Richar Hawkins whom he wrote for the film. The film does not try to be cute or give a red image to a young woman affected by an incurable disease. Helena Bonham Carter is the main reason for watching the movie. She's doing a wonderful Jane. On the other hand, Kenneth Branagh does not seem very suitable for this type of comedy. Somehow, he has his own problems in the way Richard interprets. Gemma Jones has some good moments like Anne, Richard's ex-love. "Flight theory" shows a good director. Undoubtedly, Peter Greengrass will go to bigger and better things.
