<br /> <br /> I'm sure things did not happen exactly in Homer Hickam's real life, as they did in adapting his movie, Rocket Boys, but the October Sky movie (an anagram of the title of the book) is good enough to stay alone. I have not read Hickam's memoirs, but I can still enjoy and understand the adaptation of the film. The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, records the story of adolescent Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), which begins in October 1957. It opens with the sound of a radio show, bringing the news of the Russian satellite Sputnik, the first artificial satellite in orbit. We see a picture of a blue-gray city and its people: especially miners working for Olga Coal. One of the miners listens to news from a hand-held radio as it enters the elevator shaft, but the signal is lost as it disappears into the darkness, losing sight of the sky above it. A melancholic violin melody fades with this picture. Then we are defeated by Elvis on a car radio as the words on the screen tell us about the setting: October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and his friends, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg) talk about football. Soccer exchanges are the only way out of town and work for me for these boys. "Why are they the only ones going to college," Homer asks. Roy Lee responds, "They are the only ones who receive the girls." Homer does not do it in soccer like his big brother, so he is destined for mines and follows his father's steps as a master. Until he sees the light that crosses the sky in October. Then he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go into space," says Homer. After a disastrous attempt involving a primitive rocket and her mother's fence (Natalie Canerday), Homer is using the helpless Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer, "What do you want to know about missiles?" Homer quickly anwers, "Everything." Her high school professor at Big Creek High School, Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern) is very supportive of Homer, and the four boys are working on rocket building in Homer's basement. His father, however, whose life is mine, does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) thinks Homer should not waste time on missiles, that coal mines are all that matters. The coal in me is used to make steel, and without steel, the country would be nothing. The difficult relationship between Homer and his father is one of the strangest relationships I've ever seen in a movie. Miss Riley introduces Homer to the idea of ​​entering the local science fair with a chance for citizens to go and earn a college scholarship. "You can not dream of your way out of Coalwood," he tells Homer. Homer and his friends act on their dreams, constantly working on missiles, improving models with each attempt. Despite the many attempts, the boys do not lose their determination. "What are the chances we can win this scientific fair," O'Dell asks Homer in one of their more desperate moments. "One million to one," Homer says. "That great?" O'Dell responds, "Well, why did not you say that?" The music, composed by Mark Isham, conveys sadness and hope at the same time, especially sad at a time when Homer descends into my channel and loses sight of the sky and his dreams of going out of Coalwood. Rollicking the 1950 rock-roll, including songs from The Coasters and Buddy Holly, sometimes pushes the instrumental pieces aside to create an open mindset that contrasts the adolescent life with the lives of miners. The film, photographed by Fred Murphy, also uses colors to set states and symbolize. The city of Coalwood, actually filmed in Tennessee, is washed with blues, gray and brown. It is as if the dirt of coal sticks to anything - faces, clothes, houses and roads. When a couple of bright shiny convertible stops asking for directions from boys, it is obvious that they are from the outside world of Coalwood and the Olga Coal Company. The book on designing guided missiles Miss Riley offers to Homer is red. Red stands out against Coalwood's blue-gray world to symbolize the "exit," but is still subtle. Tomatoes are the passing marks of a world that only Homer dreams of. Jake Gyllenhaal expresses such zeal, hope and pertinence as Homer Hickam that it is hard to believe he is not the true Homer we see in real material at the end of the movie. Chris Cooper is also extremely credible as Homer's stubborn father who does not recognize or want to admit that the mine does not produce enough to keep the city alive. Homer, and all who encourage him in his rocket building, are aware that the city is dying. With the disintegration of the community, the only way to stay together is collecting demonstrations for rocket boys. Again, I'm sure things did not happen exactly as the movie presented them, but what would be a movie without a bit of idealism? Sky October has enough to make a cinematic picture good enough to keep the reality.
