October Sky is a highly praised film and it's easy to see why. The story is easy to understand, and many turning points collapse, actors and actress doing pretty good jobs, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero eventually gets what he wants and is a true story. I honestly believe that the director's achievement is not comparable to the sparkle and warmth generated by the original story. We do not see any special narrative or cinema; the power of the film relies heavily on the riveting plot and on the difficult situation in which the young hero is caught in the fact that most of the audience will identify with the characters. We feel Homer's desire to win his father and create his own future, and his resilience earns us respect. ¡§October Sky ¨I reminds me of a 2001 Japanese production, mini series, ¡§Rocket Boy, ¡¨ which may owe some of the inspiration from this movie. In fact, these two works shot from two different cultures offer an interesting comparison. When Sky Sky reveals a story about a young man shouting out loud to claim his own destiny, "Rake Boy ¨ offers a more compromised description that sometimes can be an acrid critique of modern society. Yuji Oda, ¡§Rocket Boy ¨ focuses on three ordinary men such as: a travel agent who has a dream of becoming an astronaut, a commendable advertiser who is about to be broke by the complex of inferiority resulting from the extreme success of his father and older brother (such as what Homer feels in his family) and a food company employee who is about to get married but afraid of this idea. overlaps the definition of success with its constituents and steps to force them to suffer their dreams, claiming they are impossible ¡To compensate for the ideal lost, Kobayashi (Yuji) works in the tour operator because it is ¨ || when his client fails him and his girlfriend decides to leave him, he finally finds the power of his father¡¯s words, who have decided to be a sailor, but later found life at sea less attractive as assumed. But I do not regret it, said his father Kobayashi, at least I tried. It is his father¡¯s confession that encourages him to resign his job and apply for astronauts despite the fact that he hurts his feet and has to move on a wheelchair. Kobayashi's effort eventually fails and returns to the travel agency. But his courage-inspiring courage inspires his friends and everyone loves him more. Even before the end of the series, Kobayashi is at work as a guide to a space camp designed to allow children to learn more about astronauts. After the tour ended, I saw him leaning against a tree, unrolling a poster sheet that he was tearing from his bulletin board, saying: ¡§Astronauts Wanted for 2004. ¡Kobayashi looked at the piece of paper and laughed and laughs, just like a kid who looks at his ticket at Disneyland. Kobayashi can never get what he wants, but he loves his destiny and even does. ¨ This series is so ingenious that the hero shows heroic deeds, but her habit and her inconceivable desire to realize her dream that makes us wonder and envy. Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this show illuminates and teaches us something. Homer and Kobayashi both have the dream and do what they can despite the opinions of other people. I recommend other IMDB users to see the Japanese TV series. If you are a new-to-fiver, you will feel more touched. I'm sorry that IMDB does not have data, maybe you can ask someone in Japan to help you.
