Based on this, this is the story of a teenager named Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), raised in a West Virginia coal town, where a boy's usual destiny was to "end up in me." But Homer watched the sky and a love for the flying missiles, the astonishment of his master's master and the consternation of the population in general. Surely, he and three of his deceived friends start making missiles, flying from four desolate land eight kilometers from the city, in order not to terrorize the community with their often disturbing rockets. Unfortunately, most of the city and especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper) think they are wasting their time. However, people become intrigued, and soon they start fighting to watch "Rocketboys" send their own rockets. Only a high school teacher (Laura Dern) understands her efforts and allows them to know that they can become competitors at the national science fair with prizes for college scholarships. Now, the band needs to learn to improve their skills and overcome many of the problems they face while shooting for the stars. Director Joe Johnston has always been a famous name for his films, such as Jumanji & Jurassic Park 3 & "October Sky" is certainly on all his other films. Undoubtedly, "Sky Sky" is his best effort and obviously his best film. It's not just a true story filmed extremely well, but even as a movie, it has every thing that is needed for a first-rate cinema. And, along with Johnston's extraordinary direction, are some great shows. Jake Gyllenhaal was around 19 years old when this film was released and offers a beautiful and natural performance. He is a perfect actor. Chris Cooper, like his father, also offers very fine performance. The same is true for Laura Dern and also looks nice. Even the rest of the shows are extremely good. The background score was fine. Extremely inspired film that raises your spiritual sky. One of those movies that surely inspires you for your whole life. An incredibly inspiring movie along with a lot of entertainment. Not to be missed.
