A simple and effective film about what life means, responding to challenges. It took a lot of horror for Homer and his friends to grow up in men without falling into the trap of a pre-fabricated future that goes from father to son, to be a miner in the local mine and not get out of that fate. It also required three different challenges for Homer and his friends to conquer a personal and free future. The challenge of the first artificial satellite ever made by man, Sputnik 1, a Soviet satellite, a milestone in the history of mankind, a turning point that Homer and his friends did not lose, did not want to lose their desire. Then, the challenge of science and applied mechanics to compute and draw a rocket from scratch or rather from what they could gather in books and order in their minds. Finally, challenging a world that resists and refuses and tries to force you back into the pack, even with an early crash that forces you to go back in the package for an absolute necessity of survival, and even then Homer demonstrated that he has the courage to accept the challenge that had blocked his own plans and dreams for a while. But there is another part of the story that the film does not emphasize enough. Homer is the bearer of the project, but he is also the bearer of the inspiration he and his friends need. If he is the one who is going to get the scholarship, because his friends have given priority, his friends will also be able to walk on their own roads and roads and get out of the fate of mining because of the energy of his inspiring example rises in front of their eyes. It is sometimes difficult not to follow the example of one who is like a lighthouse on a difficult road. The film is also effective to show how the father resisted this dream because science was not the fabric of a real man, such as mining or football. The fate of the working class, which was present in the 1950s and 1960s and is still present in some areas, is too often imposed by the father's traditional thinking. If the mother does not have the courage to speak one day, the fate of the working class I am talking about becomes an extraordinary trap. And here the movie is effective and should make some parents think. This might have been the fourth challenge that Homer had to face: the challenge of making a road that was not the one that his father had indicated and planned. Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Dauphine University & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
