There is an old saying that refers to a new movie by Joe Johnston, who behaves like this: "The man who thinks he can and the man who thinks it can not both be so." This is a very perverse statement that refers to self-motivation and faith in an individual who, in this film, is true even after road blocks and family issues are in the way. "October Sky" is about a young man who believes in himself called Homer Hickam, raised in a strict and traditional family in the 1950s. Homer loves in a small coal mining town where almost every man grows to be a miner. All his friends, Quentin, Roy and O'Dell, all think their life after high school will be like everybody else. Homer did not come out of this future. One night, while everyone looks at the sky, a Russian spacecraft called Sputnik passes overhead. This is something new to Homer, and he finds it spectacular and overwhelming. From this point of view, his appearance on life will never be the same. First, he tells everyone he wants to work in the area of ​​rocket researchers for an occupation. Flabbered to what he says, his family passes the idea over their heads and continues to live as usual. His friends, however, believe that this idea can have potential. After all, Quentin is a very intelligent person when it comes to this kind of thing. When the four friends begin to test model missiles and hit a white stone fence at the stones, then what seems to be a forest fire is scared by them, they are forced to stop progress. The performances in this movie are absolutely riveted from start to finish. All actors perform as if this is the real mumbo jumbo here. Sitting in all the glory: Laura Dern like Miss Riley. This may be an awarding material for the Academy if judges can recall at the beginning of the year when this film is released. Characters are also extremely well developed. Not only filmmakers give a clear and obvious reason why Homer is interested in the subject, but also explains to the public how they manage to study missiles. We clearly understand all the motives and beliefs of the characters, especially the father, who is inclined towards an eternal tradition. The film, unfortunately, loses some of its rhythm half way through a nonsense, a romantic recycling sub-plot that involves Homer's love interest and the way his brother stole it from him. This type of this becomes so terribly common in high school movies, not that this film is for the elderly students. The actors look at each other in a mindless way, as if they were in a trance. I was angry without complaining about the "Inventing the Abbot" in 1997, but I had quite a lot. But this is just a minor complaint. With an authentic period of time, cinematography worth an Oscar and real-life clips, Homer and friends at the end of the year, all of whom hit with their dreams, especially Homer, this is the first great film of 1999 . <br /> <br />
