It is a strange feeling to sit alone in a theater occupied by parents and their children who are wandering. I felt like instead of a movie ticket, I should have given a NAMBLA member. Based on Thomas Rockwell's respected book, how to eat worm feed begins like the story of any child: move to a new city. The new child, fifth-grade student Billy Forrester was once popular, but must start again. Making friends is never easy, especially when the only prospect is Poindexter Adam. Or Erica, who at 4 ½ meters, is a giant. More complicated things is Joe the bully. His face with freckles and sleeveless shirts is daunting. He antagonizes children with the death ring: a crackerjack ring that is rumored to kill you if you hit her. But not immediately. No, the ring of death unleashes a poison that killed you in the eighth grade. Joe and his evil axis meet Billy by smuggling a number of slim worms in the thermos. Once discovered, Billy plays it cold, stabbed to eat the worms all the time. Then he threw them to Joe's face. Ewww! To win them over, Billy hardly notes that he can eat 10 worms. Fried, boiled, marinated in hot sauce, cracked and spread on a sandwich with peanut butter. Every meal is called an exotic name, such as "Radioactive Slime Delight," in which children eventually live their dream of microbing a living organism. If you ever meet, you will know I have an uncontrolled heart laugh. I felt like a creep erupting to a drunken baby that the "dick dick" hurts. But Fried Worms is terribly disgusting. Like a film with Farrelly brothers, it's so spirited and charming. Writer / director Bob Dolman is also a savvy narrator. To raise the stakes, worms must be consumed by 19:00. In addition, Billy has a dark secret: he has an ultra-sensitive stomach. Dolman also has a sense of perspective. With such precision, it is based on children's insecurity and the tendency to exaggerate worldly dilemmas. If you hyperbolize this movie, as the children do with their mistakes, you will see that basically it is about war. Freedom-fighter and freedom-hater use pubescent boys as pawns in proxy wars, just to learn a valuable lesson in the unit. International leaders can learn one thing or two about global peacekeeping at Fried Worms. At the end of the movie, I was comforted when two companion mothers behind me looked at each other and agreed "It was a wonderful movie. Okay, now I will not have to register anymore legal database.
