Watching the commercials for this movie, I was pretty sure it would disgust him. In one case, it was one of those films "freely based on the novel," which usually means that the author of the book saw the script, hated it and refused to associate with the film. Worse, the trailer showed only the brightest imaginable gizzard (eg, the baby is kicking in front of a garden hose ... and falls over). So when my little brother remembered that it was the movie "must see" of the season (of course, he believed the same thing about "Cars", "Over the Hedge", "The Bully Ant," " Monster House, etc.), I was certainly less than delighted, but once in the theater, the film won me for several reasons: First, the writers capture "dialogue with children" better than any other children's film A first example of this comes right after the main boys accidentally eat a worm stuck in an egg shell. The boys make a blade, an overwhelming impression of the main reading, which makes it realistic, since all the young children believe (erroneously) that they are making ridiculous expressions of their adult torture. Then one of the boys asks, "Why did he say?" Another boy replies, "Maybe he is crazy!" and the whole The group laughs annoyed. It's not a replica too nice, but just a kind of thing a child can see on the spot and the kind of remark that other children of his age would find hilari. To confirm it, my brother, the child, laughed right when they were spoken on the screen; I could basically hear his voice showing the same exact lines if he were in a similar situation. Another reason why the movie works is that writers manage to work on issues such as harassment, brothers' relationships, the new child in school, and peer pressure / compliance, without making any of them seem like would be subplots for some specialists after school. For example, the bully (Joe) is not stereotyped; he is certainly evil, but not badly, and quite a lot of his life at home reveals that the audience feels compassion for him and understands his aggressive origin. There is no time when Billy ("Worm Boy") realizes that it is a complete instrument for his younger brother, Woody, and yet, until the end of the movie, has been made a kind of minor transformation. There is a realism here, in the way the characters solve the situations and the way they relate to each other, and very few of them meet like a corny. The only downside of the film comes in the form of an absolutely ridiculous dance scene, which even the creators of McDonald's famous dance party in the film "Mac and Me" would show. Why oh why was it put in the movie? Did Austin Rogers (Adam) shoot a Macaulay Culkin and refuse to assume the role if he did not give him a vehicle to show his dance skills so impressive? The whole sequence was not absolutely necessary to be there, and it had a comedy value a little smaller than any event on Channel History. Generally, however, this movie was excellent, and the length of the hour and twenty minutes) was almost perfect. One of the best, most realistic live action movies you'll ever see if you're around the kids or just remember what a child really was.
