I have never seen such a movie before. I was on the edge of the chair and laughed constantly in the whole movie. I never thought there was such a terrible act, that it was too funny. The story behind the film is decent, but the scenes of the films are failing to present them. I've never seen a bad movie in my life, which is why I think it's worth watching. I give this movie 10 out of 10 because it was the most pathetic film ever created, this movie seems to have been created only to become garbage. I mean the scenes seem so fake and the actors act like "the room is in front of them." You will get a shot just by looking at how blades this film is, and I and my friend could not stop being joking during the movie, the type of darthvader trying to make the girl did not run once but for twice and the second time he rang called as he said sh! # although it does not speak English lol. If you're watching this movie, you'll think that all the other movies you did not like, you've got much better than that. This movie should be seen out of curiosity as well as what kind of film DEFINES lame. The evil serpent met her face so many times she was ridiculous, the evil serpent turned and laughed and let her escape every time. The evil serpent had so many chances that God would try to say to hurry and eat the face of how many miracles you want. The transition between scenes lets you wonder if I miss something? So many plot holes in the scene in the scene. I'm laughing when they decided to "escape in Mexico" to get rid of snake. Hmmmm hopping the border will save you from a snake in Korea? interesting ... very interesting ... I think crossing the border solves all the problems. Another stage that met me completely. They met for the first time and had a romantic beach scene they kissed and did not know each other ... the scene was so clich and there was no substance in other films might seem logical afterwards, but I mean that they even MESSE, even if they are reincarnations, there feelings were as if they had instantly loved each other instead of developing. However this movie is worth watching to open your eyes and see the light. Bad Hollywood movies will look like a sky compared to them. Finally, it is worthwhile to forget that you are not bored, you will be busy criticizing every moment, every scene in your head.
