When we talk about Hollywood Hotel, we could talk about one of three things, the hotel itself, the radio program and this movie that was partly inspired by the first two. Dick Powell hosted the Hollywood Hotel program on the CBS radio network, where Louella Parsons kicked out a weekly clammy on the stars. Powell and Parsons debuted in the Hollywood Hotel program in 1934, so by 1937 had the fair share of the radio audience. Powell hosted, sang and beaten with Louella and film invitations. With the power she had with her column, she managed to get the different stars to continue and close their last films for nothing. Then, the American Radio Artists Federation intervened and asked to pay salaries accordingly and won the case. That ended Hollywood Hotel in 1938. Of course, both Powell and Louella went to other radio stations. The whole story is included in Tony Thomas's book "The Films Of Dick Powell". But before the son was taken out, this movie came out of Powell's Warner Brothers home studio, inspired by the radio program. Powell plays a singer / saxophone player with Benny Goodman who signs a Hollywood contract. But when he arrives at Hollywood, he gets confused with a selfish film star, Lola Lane, her real double life sister, Rosemary Lane, and a bitch actor in Alan Mowbray. When Mowbray is called to sing in a civil war epic he's doing with Lola Lane, Powell's voice I'm using. Then Mowbray develops a problem Lina Lamont when she asked to go to the Hollywood Hotel radio broadcast from the Hollywood Hotel. That's the studio in a tizzy. Let's say the problem is not solved in the way he's singing in the rain, but Powell's manager, Ted Healy, turns out to be rich. Richard Whiting and Johnny Mercer offer a very good score for the film. The big hit song comes right at the beginning, while the band Benny Goodman with singing Johnnie Davis plays the Hollywood anthem, Hooray for Hollywood. My favorite is Powell and Rosemary Lane singing, I'm like a fish in the water. Just listening to Johnny Mercer's lyrics about Ginger Rogers running Brooklyn Dodgers or Sally Rand without her fans is a compendium of American folk culture in the thirties. Busby Berkeley makes choreography here, and while the movie does not have the growing imaginary things that her previous work with Warner Brothers has, the numbers are well organized. Berkeley's big time is in a restaurant where Powell and Healy were forced to take their jobs. The number starts at Benny Goodman, broadcast from Hollywood Hotel, making Let That Be a Lesson for You and then at Drive-in Powell, Lane and the whole place begins to unite in excitement with the owner Edgar Kennedy. And you know what you can expect from exasperating Edgar Kennedy. Benny Goodman shows why he was named King Of Swing when band with drummer Gene Krupa and xylophonist Lionel Hampton as part of his ensemble. That, along with Frances Langford also singing. And eventually, the last surviving member of the group was a man who had a little radio station. He died in 2004, but not before he became the 40th President of the United States. Ronald Reagan always gave Dick Powell and Pat O'Brien the two guys from Warner Brothers who were the best for a young man who wanted to make his mark. Hollywood Hotel is a delightful and fun movie, dated but charming.
