"Hollywood Hotel" has relationships with many films such as "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Movies" about someone who won a contest, including a Hollywood movie deal, only to find the way to a map paved with traps or nonexistent. In fact, as we saw tonight in Turner Classic, I was wondering if the authors of the classical musical classic "Singing in the Rain" could have taken some of their ideas from "Hollywood Hotel", especially a star star top in a movie studio and a conclusion about one person playing a movie score, while another person received the credit through his mouth along the screen. "Hollywood Hotel" is a fascinating example of shooting in the 1930s. Among the players who support her, is Louella Parsons, playing (and despite some negative comments I've seen, she has a very humorous personality on the screen and a natural command of its lines). He's not the only real person in the script. Makeup artist Perc Westmore appears briefly as himself to try to make a character look like another. This film was also one of the first in the career of the young Mr. Ronald Reagan, playing a radio interview at a premiere on the film. Reagan actually does pretty pretty in his short scenes - especially when he realizes that no one Dick Powell is about to take over the microphone when it should be used with more important people. Dick Powell won a Hollywood contract in a contest and leaves his saxophone job in Benny Goodman's band. The beginning of this movie, by the way, is quite impressive, while the band leads in a truck parade to give a goodbye to Powell. Finally, he plays "Hooray For Hollywood". The exciting thing about this wonderful number is that a text has been left for purposes. Along the Johnny Mercer verses are references to such Hollywood as Max Factor, the make-up king, the Rhineland, and even a Tarzan hint. But the original song of the song was about Tyrone Power's look. Obviously, Jack Warner and his brothers will not promote the 20th Century leader, and Donald Duck's name has been replaced. In any case, the number has best shown the singers and instrumentalists of Goodman's orchestra. So did a fifteen-minute section of the movie, where the band repeats. Powell goes out of the band and his friend (Frances Langford) and goes to Hollywood just to find that he is a contractual player (most likely for musicians who involve saxophone). It is met by Allen Joslyn, the studio's publisher (the owner is Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not a bad man, but he's busy and tends to remove people if you do not have to talk to them. He is parking Powell in a room at the Hollywood Hotel, where the Lola Lane studio lives together with her father (Hugh Herbert), her sister (Mabel Todd) and her cynical assistant, Glenda Farrell. Lane is like Jean Hagen in "Singing in the Rain," except that her voice is good. His version of "Dan Lockwood" is an "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, scene stolen several times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not a great guy like Gene Kelly, and Lane (when she's not wrapped in her ego) is fully aware of that. Having a form of being forced to play an ordinary role she wants, she refuses to attend the premiere of the latest film. Joslyn finds a double for her (Lola's sister, Rosemary Lane), and Rosemary is ready to play starring at the premiere and tracking party. But she attends Powell (Joslyn wants someone who does not know the real Lola). This leads to Powell beating Mowbray when the latter makes a self-harm. But otherwise, the evening is a success, and when the two of them together are beginning to find each other attractive. Complications deal with Lola's return and the blow of Powell in the face after Mowbray complains that he was attacked by Powell ("and his claw band"). Powell's contract is bought. Working with the photographer turned to agent Ted Healey (actually not too bad in this movie - he's even trying to make an imitation Jolson at a time), the two are trying to find their job, ending up as employees at a stand the hamburger led by Edgar Kennedy (the number of broken dishes and the customers who sang in the restaurant gives Edgar much time to make his slow burns with gusto). Finally, Powell receives a "pause" by being hired to be Dupre's voice, singing in a play "Gone With The Wind". This leads to the final section of the movie, when Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Healey give Powell the chance to show his voice, not Mowbrays. The movie is pretty cute and attractive even now. The worst is due to time. More jokes about African Americans are no longer tolerable (while trying to photograph Powell as he arrives in Hollywood, Healey accidentally shoots a porter and mentions Joslyn to look, Powell's photo too dark - get the point ?). Also a little with Curt Bois as fashion designer for Lola Lane, which is (say) too tall for lathe is not too tolerable either. Herbert's "hoo-hoo" is a little bit too much (too long), but it was very popular in 1937. And an incident in which Healey is approaching a battle from the premiere (this was one of his latest films) of the tragic, yet mysterious end of the comedian in December 1937. But most of the film is pretty good and will not disappoint the spectator in 2008.
