The film starts with a mentally challenged little girl with bright yellow sneakers who look to heaven on a corner of the Madrid street and are scared by a passing plane. The film examines the lives of five women, Adela, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita and Isabel, who have a completely different life and shoe options. Their shoes are the first superficial, yet attached to a certain hidden meaning, indicating that we get to their fragile identities. In a way embroidered and adorned theatrically, a podiatrist attempts to reveal esoterically the deepest secrets of a woman's souls through the soles of her feet. The premise is risky and slightly contracted, but the tone and depth of the film have a bold stroll for the good. What may have been open-minded and superficial, quickly switches gear with a superb stage twin dysfunction leaving the viewer riveted for a few minutes, seeing his love or lack, grief, confusion, hope, escape needs and mechanisms evolving in minutes different from the house and up to the street and possibly underneath ... What scene (!) But others will be as effective as to pursue and consolidate the strong characterization and direction shown in this part of life. Moving along a woman lost the husband she loved and inherited her children and the cab, while another completely lost her emotional, sexual, intellectual, but not physically, husband. A ghost, a divorce waiting? reproach, regret and remorse. A new love? Can you love a mirage? Can you love the person in the mirror? Can you love someone you can not love? Or do you think you can not love? Can you love and live your life even if it is always somewhat desperate? However, is not it exactly these hopes and dreams that keep us here in a relative happiness spectrum? It creates a lot of profound themes, and the final act brings together people and ideas in an existential crisis without a clear solution, definitive decision or effective healing. Maybe an elusive thought, a passing sensation, but a lasting appreciation of the life and art and the intellect of the film. Live. You come again. Rolls the roll. Discover the true, important; the great stones of life. The rest are just details.
