Several story lines are intertwined around different characters of women. The shoes they wear indicate their troubled lives. All are transformed at the end of the movie. Adela (Antonia San Juan) leads a brothel; Her daughter Anita (Monica Cervera) is retarded and has a limited life. Leire (Najwa Nimri) is a troublesome shoe designer and loses his friend; Maricarmen (Vicky Peña) lost her husband and now raises the children from his ex-deceased wife. Isabel (Angelica Molina) is a bored lady. Other characters are used to connect the five main characters of the women. In stories, not everything is given in the beginning: some connections are set surprisingly late in the film and this adds to the experience. The theme of shoes is driven to extremes: For example, when Leire, as a shoe designer and working in a shoe store, breaks one of his heels if he steals his shoes. are made between scenes. A phone is heard, a cigarette is lit, a song, etc. to make the connection and cut quickly. Frequent story change prevents it from being boring or reaching TV levels. It is strongly led by music to establish tone and atmosphere. The cities of Madrid and Lisbon serve as a background for stories, and photographs of those cities are used to expand the story beyond characters. One of the most exciting pictures is when Anita, who makes the same ride every day, wraps his way and restricts his life from the relative calm of his street to the busy main road: how space is visually transposed is well made . Like most Spanish movies, lots of stories are made visual, using soap stories as a simple background. There is a poetic end that is somewhat romantic and sentimental, but it is still beautiful. As Ramón Salazar is too much in love with his own material, it is too long. Some scenes are kitsch and soap, including acting (love of Adela, Isabel's doctor). The theme of the shoe is exaggerated and is a poor metaphor. It is often compared to Magnolia, because the structure is the same. But they are different. Magnolia is more technically competent but somewhat mechanical. This has more ability to translate emotions and visual atmosphere. Once you have seen this, you are inclined to move to the new cinema city immediately: Madrid.
