VIVAH, in my opinion, is the best film in 2006, coming from a director who has proven successful throughout his career. I'm not too keen on romantic movies these days because I see them as "old wine in a new bottle" and so predictable. However, I have watched this movie three times now ... and believe me it's a great movie. VIVAH returns to the traditional route, presenting simple characters in a real and sensible journey of journey between commitment and marriage. The movie has fun in all ways, because it can be reflected in what we do (or would do) when it comes to marriage. In this respect, Sooraj R. Barjatya did his homework and described a very realistic story in a well-made and fun film. Several sequences in this movie are of interest to you immediately: When Shahid Kapoor comes to see the bride (Amrita Rao) - the way she tries to look at her without making her too obvious to her family. The song "Do Anjaane Ajnabi" goes well with the mood of this scene. The first conversation between Shahid and Amrita when she comes to see her-that is, a shady Shahid who does not know exactly what to talk about, but about making a decent conversation. Also, Amrita's naive nature, limited eye contact, timid features, and slow response to Shahid's questions. The emotional destruction of Amrita and her uncle (Alok Nath) when she nourishes Shahid's party in the form of someone else's night, rather than her uncle loved uncle. <br /> <br /> Clearly, the film belongs to Amrita Rao all the way. The actress plays Poonam's role with such a conviction that you can not imagine anyone else to replace it. She looks beautiful throughout the film and portrays perfectly an innocent and shy traditional girl. Shahid Kapoor also struggles sharply. It offers promising performance and shows that there is no less than Salman Khan when it comes to acting in a film Sooraj R. Barjatya. In fact, Shahid and Amrita make a nice couple on the screen without any doubt. Other characters - Alok Nath (Excellent), Anupam Kher (Brilliant), Mohan Joshi (Very good). In general, VIVAH offers what she promised, a well-made and realistic story of two families. The film has top performances, excellent story and excellent music to fit the movie, as well as directed by fabulous Sooraj R. Barjatya. You have to see!
