I came back recently and I saw this movie again, without seeing it for years. When I first saw the movie, I was too young to understand what the movie was about. Now that I've seen him again, I could not believe what I've lost all these years. For me to be able to see movies for what I am, I think this movie was great. Most people feel like music is the best part, but I do not think it is true. Most people do not realize how good the story is because it is a judge of action. The truth is that no one in the movie tried to act, but rather themselves. All the main cast were playing alone. They were not trying to be someone else but themselves. In fact, I watched and analyzed the work and effort made in the film. Now, from my point of view, the situations presented in the film rely heavily on what happened in Minneapolis at the time and most of the things that are happening are real events that took place in Prince's career and who can say it better than I? The music coming from the city at that time was beginning to be recognized and revolutionary. It was interesting to see how the music was very influential, especially at the "First Avenue & 7th St Entry" club where, in fact, Prince, among other musicians, began their career. It is also known that Prince's Day and Morris have always had a competition between them in real life, but it was a friendly competition. They were always friends. So the story is based on the competitive aspect of rivalry, rather than on their friendship, which shows the true competition of what happened at the club "First Avenue" for its time. Another reason why this movie is good is because some of the situations that appear in the movie are based, in fact, on the events that Prince has gone through in his life with his musical and personal appearance. For me, this movie made the movie more realistic about emotion, because it tells its pre-superstardom studies and troubles. In addition, the dedication he puts in his performance is phenomenal. The Prince assured himself that every moment in the film was perfect. Every time you hear a song in the movie is in perfect sync with the situation at hand. Prince is all in a musical genre and he has proven it on several occasions. This movie is what really put Prince on the official map and has not slowed since then. Anyone who has watched this movie or still (incredibly) has not watched it yet, when you sit down and see this movie, you have to pursue it intently or lose the whole aspect of the movie. If you truly love music, it is certainly the movie to be watched. Beyond what someone else says, I think it's a great movie to watch and watch.
