This is one of the best movies that has come from Bollywood for years. Of course, the best of this year so far. Indian at heart, panoramic images, heart-pleasing dialogues and melodious and soft music make the movie an exceptional movie. The right image of Indian values ​​and culture makes the viewer look for the roots in them and revive the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and a new life contract. This movie is intended for viewers who enjoy a call to their imagination and philosophical senses. If you like watching movies to cling to your nerves through screen action, sex, or terror, then this movie is not for you, because you'll find that the movie is not full of 90-degree twists in it. It's just a story about a movie you can get. But exactly where the art of film is. One has a real life experience, and the best thing is that this experience is full of values ​​and hope. It's about the positive side of life, the sweet things God has cast on people, the regressive films that insist on showing dons, terrorists, and underworld. It's not about things and people who have evil evil. It is the goodness that still persists and keeps the world running. Of course, every genre of films is respectable, but it takes a lot of courage and talent to come up with a movie that swims against the current and tries to open the eyes of the public to hidden realities and truths. <br /> <br /> After saying that, here's more ... The movie is the journey of a couple from their engagement to their arranged marriage - yes, that's right, it's an arrangement marriage and the couple get to know each other only through their parents and learn to love each other. The 6-month gap between commitment and marriage is a long time, not full of "appealing" happenings, but one that cares for the love and devotion of one another. They learn together the importance of their relationship and this invaluable period of their lives and work to strengthen the bonds of marriage. But were they sufficiently strengthened? Their relationship will face the attempt not only of time but also of luck. Will they pass this test? This is about "Vivah".
