A highly underestimated film that tells the story of a young musician caught in a spiral of constantly falling domestic violence. Sometimes difficult to watch, while Morris Day is portrayed as a misogynist, Prince as a knight on (a motorcycle), he is still called to beat a woman twice as part of the script. That he can do this, and he also appears to be an erroneous hero, but revenge is the credit of writing. The Prince is so ego free in this film, which not only poses as a narcissistic megalomaniac who beats women, but the most famous song is fictionalized as written by his father and by Wendy & Lisa. Moreover, two of her compositions - Computer Blue (the worst song of the album) and Darling Nikki - are featured as songs that kill the audience. Perhaps the only concession of the reigning ego is a book that lists (a little shorter than the Prince) Apollonia as 5'6. The almost-amateur distribution is mainly the band members who play themselves (and the reviewers burning actors on terms that have never appeared in other films are completely missing the point) and do well under guidance. Morris Day gets the most of the pleasures for his cute ham, though Jerome Benton must also get credit to make fun of him, especially his act, which is hilarious. Day and Benton even go so far as to make an Abbott and Costello funny routine, which makes some do. Finally, there is the Prince. While admitting prejudices, I think he is a pretty good actor in terms of being able to describe his low-key version. The actor is not his profession, it was a movie made for entertainment, so anyone to point out that the guy in the lead role is not Robert DeNiro and believing they make a point is unfortunately illusory. I do not want this review to be a derogatory attack on the comments of others, but even this movie had a low budget and it was darkened. How would you shoot a movie about domestic violence? With full-blown spots and a CGI dinosaur falling into the frame? <br /> <br /> Does the film work almost like a perfect snapshot of the neon world and the weak tie era? until you remember that it was made in a world of perms and creams, and that's not a retro recreation. Prince's best film, with Oscar-winning music, sees him at the zenith, and it's hard to realize that although he would make some beautiful albums, he would never catch that.
