Playing a character from a literary classic can be a bit of poisoned chicken for an actor, paying for the pleasure of a meat character by competing with the fantasies of reader generations? not to mention many other actors who assaulted the surroundings of the castle. Fortunately for fantasists, this version ?? with beautiful cast Zela Clarke and Timothy Dalton? stands on his head and shoulders over the versions that came after him. It is a good length to make the story complete and it uses the Bronte's cracking dialogue considerably; none of those modern blends, cutting the text and adding new and inferior scenes. The magic of the original story lies in the tensions created between the central characters and the circumstances of the life that creates them to drive. Jane? "poor, simple and small" ?? grows on a cold charity by a cold aunt, her nature and independent form of a long spell in a very tough school. She comes as a governor in Mr. Rochester's house, absolutely without friends and alone. She usually suppresses herself out of her heavy duty and experience, but her passionate nature soon finds her touching paper in her master, intelligent, enigmatic master, to whom she is drawn, like herself, by forces that do not stand under control. Rochester is the tiger in the cage, busy "paving hell with energy"; potentially dangerous for everyone who comes into contact with it? but "permeable, through a torment or two". Its character is extraordinary: it has extraordinary freedoms with a paid subordinate; but Jane is not an ordinary employee, as he sees. But a dark secret and severe attempts lie ahead of the two. Is it a pleasure to hear Bronte's remarkable dialogue, spoken by accomplished actors? In particular, Dalton seems to have been formed for passion on a bronze scale. If you've ever seen it as a Bond that's not so memorable, you've lost the best thing to him. Those who commented that his Rochester is too beautiful lack the point of these dramatizes: his character simply has too much time for a very ugly man to keep his eye on the spectator. Timothy Dalton is right, not always or constantly beautiful, but often inclined, amazing, as it should be. And Zela Clarke's Jane is not the flower of earth; she conveys the emotions of a woman who usually represses her sense of humor and her passionate nature successfully, allowing her rare outburst to have a more dramatic effect. Not long ago, the BBC broadcast an excellent dramatization of Jean Rhys's most enlightened and disturbing war on Bronte, the "Sargasso Wide Sea," depicting the story of the first lady Rochester. Do not you check? you will never see Jane Eyre's "hero" in the same way again.
