BBC's 1983 release of "Jane Eyre" with Zela Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM) has always been and will always be my favorite Jane Eyre. If you watch any other version of Jane Eyre without reading the book, it will be like watching an ordinary movie that you will forget the next day. But this is almost the same as reading the book. I used to see this miniseries very much when I was little and inspired me to read the book. At that time I did not pay attention to how close this television production to the book was. Recently, I looked at Jane Eyre's 1996 version and I was very disappointed. They were only 2 hours long and did not have many important scenes in the book (such as my favorite gypsy scene). After that I fell in love with this "Jane Eyre" even more because it includes all the important scenes of the book and tells the whole story (the other versions are not, unless you read the book). The 1983 Tower of Jane Eyre is great. It is true that Timothy Dalton is a very nice actor (pretty nice to play Butler in "Scarlet" and Julius Caesar), but he is so great as Rochester that I can not imagine anyone else playing this role. And Zela Clarke is undoubtedly the only Jane to follow the book's description. The other thing that makes this film so big is the clothes and makeup of the actors. Jane seems so modest and naive, as Bronte describes (although he does not show 18, but does you really care about that? ...) Some people say this "Jane Eyre" is too long, but I would rather, I spend all my day forgetting to spend 2 hours watching another version. Some say the movie is boring and boring because Jane is not passionate enough or because there are not enough "kissing scenes". I hate to make Jane Eyre a "Hollywood" movie with inappropriate kissing scenes. You do not have to include "crazy, crazy in love" scenes to show the love between Jane and Rochester. Both Zelah and Timothy express this love so perfectly that no other scenes are needed! I am 19 and many girls of my age refer to this movie as "boring and old-fashioned". But I'm only sorry for them, because they do not appreciate their purity and beauty. After all, the novel is established in the nineteenth century, and the old-fashioned look makes it more attractive and more like the book. <br /> <br /> I do not think there will ever be another version of Jane Ayre who will have the popularity and love of this. No matter who plays Jane and Rochester in other movies, the real Jane and Rochester (at least for me) will always be Zela Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
