I have recently seen this production on DVD. It's the first time I've seen it since it was first released in 1983 and it was as good as I remembered. At first, as he was worried, it would seem old-fashioned and I guess it's a bit dated and very courageous that the BBC series were then. (I miss those wonderful dramas of costumes that always seemed Sunday afternoons). But this is almost as close as it could have been. I am a purist "Jane Eyre," because it is my favorite book and I have never seen another production that is faithful to a book like this one. I recently read the book, and some of the dialogues are just on the spot. Reading the scene near the end where Rochester asks Jane of what St. John was, I noticed that their words were reproduced exactly on the screen by Dalton and Clarke and made perfect. <br /> <br /> All other productions that have been made all seem to be lacking in some way, some even leave the Rivers and their connection to Jane altogether. I also think that this is the only production that includes the "Gypsy" scene correctly done. Castration is perfect, Zela Clarke is as though Jane is described in the book "Little and Dark" and I do not agree that it looks too old. Timothy Dalton can be a bit too beautiful, but he's absolutely perfect like Rochester, portraying every aspect of his character just right and acting his socks! I agree with another comment that he really seems rather scary in time, as in the scene when he slowly returns to the church when the wedding is interrupted, his expression is fantastically frightening. But in another favorite scene, his joy is wonderful to see when Jane descends the stairs and arms in the morning after declaring their love for each other. A love that is marvelously portrayed and totally credible. Oh to be loved by a man like this! There were a few scenes that were tight, but as when Jane went to bed with Helen dying and also when Rochester took Jane shopping for her wedding things (I thought one was in it but maybe that my memory is playing tricks). Finally, if you never see another production of Jane Eyre - just the most you see is simply perfection!
