My comments on VIVAH: - A charming, ideal love story with Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao. The film brings us back to small pleasures, such as the bride and groom's families sleeping on the floor, playing together, friendly banter and mutual respect. Vivah refers to the holiness of marriage and the importance of engagement between two people. Yes, central romance is naive. But the romantic moments hidden between the couple who marries and their stubborn resistance to modern yard games make you want your idealism. The film closes predictably with marriage and the bridegroom on the wedding night, tells her new bride who suffers from burns: "Let me hug" VIVAH - she has many good things - the beauty of the arranged marriage, the beauty of the Indian culture, the beauty of the Indian woman, not least a beautiful IDEALISM of the couple to be married ... playing by the rules! Simple but beautiful; Such a simple story ... no plot ... no villain - like most of Sooraj Barjatya's films. Sooray Mr. returns to what makes BEST. He made the film with FULL CONVENTION. It is a very sweet film - which teaches the current generation a lot of good things about Organized Marriage and the Union of 2 Families. I think AMRITA RAO - looks very good and acted very well. She has the most good scenes - although I thought the last half hour was complete for Shahid Kapur - which for a change gives very limited performance. I also liked the action of everyone else for ex. Choti, namely Amrita Prakash, Alok Nath, Anupam Kher, Shahid brochure. He seemed almost as real and recognizable as he could. Sooray sir has another beautiful family movie to his credit after Maine Pyar Kiya, HAHK & Hum Saath Saath Hain. The chemistry between Shahid and Amrita is AWESOME. Things similar to holiness in a marriage / relationship, avoiding the court, mutual respect, care and space, waiting for the "official" marriage, prayer / slaughter for the beloved ur - all this and more is in Vivah. There is still a good audience who goes and enjoys this movie. Some people / audience are already excited after seeing that they are thinking about marriage arrangements :) This is a success if you ask me. AMRITA RAO - our Vivah actress {The result for a pleasant performance} has been awarded the DADSAHEB PHALKE Award for 2006! Hats for her for this Chalo achievement, even though Vivah, Shahid, or Amrita have not received any film and other awards; @ at least this is news about CHEER about! Congratulations to AMRITA RAO - for showing us a vision of the Indian bride to be in the purest form and, of course, Sooraj Barjatya for the best interpretation of it :) Do not forget Shahid Kapur and everyone else who makes VIVAH as sweet and legendary as it is today! Imagine, to share the same pedestal as the legendary Dilip Kumar .......... No average achievement! Congratulations to Amrita Rao - because you took Career to another level with this prize ... I feel personally - she should continue to make movies only with Shahid Kapur! They make a nice couple and their chemistry on the screen reminds me of {SRK-Kajol} or {Aamir Khan & Juhi Chawla} ................. <br /> <br / > Some points I noticed, few elements: - # 1 If you notice carefully, Amrita Rao looks so good because she always wore traditional dresses. It gives every part of the essence of the Indian Woman - in this movie! Perfect Fit # 2 Shahid Kapur is like most of us - he is not ready for marriage or early marriage .... but PREM listens carefully to the DAD's wise talk-having full faith in Anupam Kher. Finally, "Onestatea" and "Trust" are the key words they reflect in her first discussion with Amrita. Most people would think that such a first encounter with a total plus stranger for a limited period is never enough to judge a person. But according to what I saw in this movie, I have a feeling - that two people who are made for each other can connect and in a first, also possible, encounter! # 3 In the whole movie - there are basically 4 or 5 sequences in which Shahid & Amrita are together - or they turn out to be together. This, unlike most romantic / wedding films where Hero & Heroine always plays or dances, is cheap. But the beauty of each of the five sequences: - Characterized by restraint, innocence and respect for the other! # 4 I really liked the relationship between Chacha ALOK NATH and Amrita Rao. These films should highlight the indifference shown to daughters / girls in some parts of India. # 5 Romantic scenes between the couple of drivers are shot very nice - no cheap scenes, the songs are beautifully photographed! Words such as "Jal", "praarthana" e.t.c. will be buzzwords for all the girls who liked this movie :) Personally, I really like a lot of dialogues in this movie. # 6 Last but not least - The whole hospital scene, where Shahid puts Amrita's "sindhoor" when fighting for life - is terrible. These dialogues between the couple are so emotional and U feel LOVE / I-cant-do-without-U; His feeling of Hats-Off! <br /> <br /> *** In many respects, VIVAH reminded me of Maine Pyar Kiya, DDLJ, Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak, Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam - for the freshness / screen chemistry of the LEAD pair:) :) If I WILL: - Along with films like Rang De Basanti, Lage Raho Munnabhai, DOR, CORPORATE and Kabul Express, VIVAH is among the best movies made in 2006. IN FACT - I think Vivah deserves better viewing / business than Dhoom2 or Fanaa or Golmaal or all those time-pass / fuzzy / style / carp movies!
