* ALERT SPOILER: I would like to be able to discuss this without revealing specific plot points, but I can not. We're sorry. I searched for an IMDb review of George C. Scott when I reviewed the review for this release. He had so many positive reviews that I decided to order, though: (a) While I was tricking and rushing, I thought that George C. Scott embodied the tortured (and physical) nature of the book of Rochester to T; and (b) even as I watched the DVD cover, I thought "Timothy Dalton is not very good for this role?" This last concern was reinforced by the fact that I decided to reread the book while the DVD was back. That being said, the moment I started looking at this, I was captivated. At first it was disturbing to hear the 1840-talked dialogue - with little or no attempt to modernize - but Dalton and Clarke shed so well in him that I was glad that the adapters had confidence in the audience to follow archaic speech. To have so much of the card on the screen was an extra bonus. I know someone who will not watch Jane Eyre's variants because "Who wants to see a movie about a man holding a poor woman in the attic?" Honestly, if someone who did not read the book came over an hour and half an hour or two versions of the hour, he would think that's all the story involves - Rochester's secret and his influence on everyone around him. Fortunately, this version is actually about Jane Eyre's whole life. Some people have criticized casting. Dalton is too loud; Clarke is too reserved. I can not argue against the first point, but he's so "at the moment" that I think is Rochester. For me, Clarke's performance is on the mark. Jane Eyre is quiet, guarded. If someone remembers the book, so much agitation and passion of the adult, which occurs during his private battles. Some critics bother me. Reviews say Clarke is too short or not good enough. The book goes ad infinitum about how small Jane is. Mrs. Clarke should not be tall and movie makers have cut into her mind to make Jane's statements about the lack of credible beauty. She can not help if Dalton is tall. Some say there is no chemistry between the rulers. What the?!! The scene when Jane finally comes out of her room after the fiasco of the wedding vibrates quite with passion, desire and sadness and regret - and this is just the first example that comes to my mind. I agree with some of the other critics. And I lost several scenes with Helen Burns and the Rivers. Some of the dialogues have been truncated strangely. When Rochester says, "Jane, you think wrong, I do not hate it because it's crazy," I waited for the rest of the scholarship when Rochester explains how if Jane was mad, he still loved and cared for her. It is a strong moment in the book and I wanted to be included. I think it was a mistake to bring a scene with Rochester to the part of the story Jane is on her own. It might have been made for reasons of clarity, but I realized. I wanted the scene humor in which Jane realizes that Rochester's ardor will cool and become gruff again, but she may "love her again". Dalton's performance is so good that the wrong rate is rare - when Rochester is crying in the library, I saw him as an actor who makes a scene crying, not Rochester. As for the sets, if someone ever got an episode from the 1960s Dark Shadows, someone knows what to expect - very strict and sometimes frightening interiors. Others commented in detail and succinct about Rochester makeup at the end of the year. Oops! It's bad. The conclusion is too steep. After all this and suspense, I wanted a more rounded end. And, on my DVD copy, having credits at the beginning and end of all eleven episodes of 25-30 minutes gets a bit too much. Having said that, I am so glad to have this movie and track it again and again.
