There are many adaptations of Charlotte Brontë's classic Jane Eyre novel, and considering the many written reviews about them, there is also a lively discussion about which of them is the best. Short film adaptations suffer from the fact that it is simply not possible to stretch the entire plot of the novel into a film of about 100 minutes. length, consequently, these films show only a few parts of the novel. TV shows have proven to be a better format for making all the different episodes of heroine life. There are three mini TV series launched in '73, '83 and 2006. The 2006 version is not just the worst of these three, but the worst of all Jane Eyre's adaptations and a striking example of a completely overrated movie. The beautiful lines of the novel are replaced by insipid and trivial ones, and crucial scenes are either deleted or replaced with scenes that have nothing to do with the novel. What leads until then is that the characters presented have nothing in common with Rochester and Jane of the novel and behave exactly in the contradiction described in the book, but that their behavior and language are totally incompatible with the behavior of the period in which the novel is established. It's a soap-like ditch, in which the actors look and behave as if they were mistakenly deceived in the 1850s. This "Jane Eyre" (as she dares to call herself) is indeed a slap in the face to Charlotte Brontë. The 1973 version is very faithful to the novel in that the long dialogues between Mr. Rochester and Jane are played almost to their full length. But what works nicely in the novel does not necessarily work on the screen. Sometimes the language of the novel is too complex and convoluted to look natural when it comes to screen, and the constant interruptions of dialogues through Jane's voice add to the impression of artificiality and seasonality. And despite the belief in the novel, the essence of the scenes is not captured. Another problem is the representation of the main characters. Jane's image of Sorana Cusack as a bold, self-confident and confident woman is totally in contradiction with the literary model, and Michael Jayston, although a good actor, simply does not possess the commanding physical presence and charisma necessary for to play Rochester. Although a decent adaptation simply fails to convey the passion and intensity of the novel and never really captures the audience. All defects in the '73 version were corrected in the TV series of '83 with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although from the point of view of the purist, Timothy Dalton is too beautiful, tall and weak to be Rochester, he possesses the essential qualities of his role: he has a stunning physical presence, great magnetism, and self-assurance and authority. And despite his indisputable hand, he looks rather thin and harsh to play convincing Thornfield's grim master. But the excellence of his performance lies in the way he makes all the facets of Rochester's character. Of all the actors who played at Rochester, he is the only one who captures them all: Rochester's hardness, almost insolence, mood and abstraction, as well as his humorous part, his tenderness, his care, and the profound and frenetic love. Dalton's manipulation of Charlotte Brontë's tongue is just as wonderful. Even the most distant and complicated thoughts of Rochester's ring are absolutely true and natural when Dalton offers them. He is the definitive Rochester, unparalleled and unimaginable, and after watching him in this role, it is impossible to imagine that Rochester will be played in any other way or by any other actor. Zelah Clarke offers excellent excellent performance in a role that is even more difficult to play than Rochester. She describes exactly Jane of the novel, a shy young woman, reserved and guarded, but with a deep sense of sensation and an equally strong will. She grasps the duality in Jane's character: her modesty and respect, on the one hand, and fire and passion on the other, her apparent fragility and her indisoluble sense of good and evil. She and Dalton have a wonderful chemistry, and their scenes together are pure pleasure. As far as faithfulness to the literary model is concerned, this version also cites the word verbatim in the novel, as in the '73, but with an important difference: Dialogues are shortened in this version, but the basic lines that are essential for the characterization of the protagonists and the development of the plot are transformed unchanged. Thus, the screenwriter avoided any artificial vocabulary, while still preserving the beauty and originality of Charlotte Brontë's language. And unlike the BBC's previous version, the essence of each scene is perfectly captured. The plot of the novel is followed with even greater precision than in the series of '73. It is almost a scene for the stage of the novel, where equal time and accent is given to each episode of Jane's life. It's the only adaptation of Jane Eyre, who has a romantic dictator and the only one who is right to the pivotal and unmistakable scene of the novel when Jane and Rochester meet after the aborted wedding. In particular, Timothy Dalton plays that scene with superb skill. He makes Rochester's pain painful, when he realizes Jane's resolution of leaving him, his frenzied attempts to make him remain in his final despair as he leaves it. It is an unimaginable, almost devastating scene that will remain with the viewer for a long time. With even the smallest casts perfectly matched, an excellent script and two ideal actors, this is final and only true "Jane Eyre".
