I felt compelled to look at the adaptation of Timothy Dalton / Zelah Clarke from "Jane Eyre," because I just wrote an article about BBC "Jane Eyre" in 2006 for TheScreamOnline. I approached the way I would approach my homework. <br /> <br /> I was irritated at first. The lighting in this version is bad. Everyone / everything is washed in a bright white light, which, in some scenes, casts shadows on the wall behind the characters. And the sound is poorly recorded. I felt like listening to a high school game. And make-up pancakes is too hard. And the sets do not fully express the Gothic mood of the novel. And they're too agitated, Martha Stewart. I can not see that Rochester of Bronte complies with Martha Stewart's internal arrangements. Orson Welles "Rochester lived in a cave-like cave, very suitable for the Gothic state of the novel, and yet ... with all these objections ... not only is the best" Jane Eyre "I" saw, may be the best adaptation of any novel I have ever seen. "" Jane Eyre, "despite its technical flaws, has given me the feeling of reading" Jane Eyre "for the first time. is too close to the book. For me, someone who appreciated the book and did not need to be less "brave" or less "Christian" or more sexed, the faithfulness of this version of the novel Bronte actually wrote < Bronte wrote a good book There is a reason why it lasted over 150 years, while other safer, sexy and lighter texts have disappeared. For a long time, Jane Eyre's fans have been injured against him Timothy Dalton as Rochester Rochester is famous, not beautiful; Anne and Rochester are the famous nasty couple of literature. And Timothy Dalton is nothing, if not amazingly beautiful. But Dalton offers fascinating performance like Rochester. She just let me go. I have never seen anything like her absolute devotion to Rochester's role, text, dialogue, and love of Jane. Dalton brings Rochester's pages to shake life on the screen. Rochester is meant to be a little frightening. Dalton is scary. Welles also hit down, for example when he calls "Enough!" after Fontaine plays a short piano song. But Dalton is scary many times, here. You really can not tell if he's going to hurt Jane or himself in his despair. Rochester's Imperialism, his humor, his anger, his vulnerability: Dalton transmits all, sometimes seconds. It is amazing. And here is the key - the actor who plays Rochester's role has to say that he spent over a decade of his life in total despair, lonely, living with an ugly and destructive life secret. No other actor I've seen trying this side convinces the black hole of despair, as Timothy Dalton does. The current favorite Toby Stephens fan does not even try. Dalton knocks him out of the park. If I saw Timothy Dalton interpreting Rochester in a simple bar, I would say, "This guy is in trouble, you do not even look at him." He was radioactive with agony. Zelah Clarke not only is generally the best Jane I've ever seen, it's one of the few Janes the producers were willing to throw as the book threw Jane. No, people who know "Jane Eyre" only from the 2006 version, Bronte did not describe a robust Jane statue with fine arched eyebrows and lips. Rather, Charlotte Bronte's Jane is indeed poor, simple, obscure, and little and not beautiful. Zelah has a small mouth, close eyes and a little nose. It's really "small." It's not a fashion model. And she's the best Jane, the most true book. Some have described it as a cold or boring. No, it's true for the book. Jane's Bronte is not a hot red mother, she is a sheltered teenager, whose inner passion only comes out in key moments, as Zelah does here. Jane's book is a person you should look at slowly, carefully, patiently, carefully if you really want to find the depths. You have to watch Zelah here to find out who he really is. I would love to have seen more fire in Zelah in a key scene, but that's a five-hour scene in despite its proximity to the text, this version, like any other version I've seen, is removes the full explanation of the Christian themes of "Jane" Eyre. "Christianity is not an incidental subtext in Jane Eyre, it is central. Helen Burns instructs Jane in Christianity, giving him a subversive, counter-cultural way of reading and living, apparently condemned, life. It is Christianity and a Christian God who convinces Jane poor, ordinary, accustomed to her equal value, to her need to live her ideals and to reject a key marriage proposal. This is not clarified here. In any case, Charlotte Bronte wrote an excellent, complex and rich novel, and this adaptation of it, of all the ones I have seen, honors me and the best thing of any adaptation that I have seen and which says a lot. Other versions, which do not fully honor the book, end up being a chore to see in many places. If you do not care about what Charlotte Bronte has to say about child abuse or the hypocrisy of a culture based on appearance and money, the adaptation of most of the book will be something that people rush before they reach the kissing scene between Jane and Rochester . This version, like Bronte's novel, realizes that everything Bronte writes about Jane's experiences in Lowood and his relationship with St. John is part of the relationship between Jane and Rochester as explosive and unforgettable as it is.
