Yes this production is (good news for Bronte fans!) Long and has a somewhat dated feel, but so casting and acting are so brilliant that you will not want to look at any other version! <br /> <br /> Timothy Dalton IS Edward Rochester ... is so simple. I do not care that the other commentators claim it's too beautiful. Dalton is certainly attractive, but not a cute boy. In fact, he has a rocky, dark angular charm that, in my mind, is quite consistent with the mysterious, very masculine Mr. R. And he takes on the sad person, Rochester tortured so painfully. He portrays ferocity when the scene calls him, but he also displays Rochester's tendentious, passionate and emotional appearance. (The newer A & E IMO production suffers in which Ciaran Hinds - which I adore normally - seems to fanfaronade and intimidate his way all over the book I read many times and I never felt that Rochester was meant to be perceived as a beast snarling non-stop.) When I reread the novel, I always see Zela Clarke as Jane. Mrs. Clarke, for me, looks like Jane, as she describes itself (and is described by others). Little, childish, fairy ... though it is true that the actress does not show 18, she portrays Jane's attributes so well. While other reviews have claimed that her act is wooden or non-romantic, we must remember that the character spent 8 years at Lowood being trained to keep his emotions and "passionate nature" under control. Her main source of inspiration was her childhood girlfriend, Helen, who was the photograph of the lodge. Though her true nature was different, Jane learned to master her temper and look docile, according to the school's goals for charitable students who were going to work. Jane becomes governor in Rochester's wealthy household. Surely he was not talking like an equal. Even later, when she did as she did, she would always remember that her post was far below that of her employer. However, if you read the book - to which this production remains amazingly close - you can clearly see the little fights that Zela-Jane endures that she subdues her emotions to stay light and balanced. /> The chemistry between Dalton and Clarke is correct, I think. No, not lastly, it looks like Hollywood (thank God! It's not a kind of Hollywood book), but theirs is a love story that is true, devoted and loyal. And for a woman like Jane, who never assumed any love to see her way, is a minor miracle. The rest of the casting is great and I like the fact that almost every character in the book is here. It is also about the original, rich, poetic dialogue. This version is the only one I know to include the wonderful scene, infamous "gypsy" and generally more humorous than other versions I have seen. In particular, the teasing of each of the main characters comes straight from the book and is so delightful! <br /> <br /> Jane Eyre was, in many ways, one of the first romantic feminists. She eventually accepted love in her terms independently, and ultimately as Rochester's equality. Just nice!
