Calling this bright episode seems too little. To say that the excellent prize of the season is also reductive, because so far, there has never been an episode of Sopranos from afar. In fact, the title could be a smug invitation for those who are not yet true fans: Join the Club ... <br /> <br /> Lift up if Junior has stopped (putting a bullet in his grandson's gut after he mistaken him for a crook who he killed in the first season), the story begins with Tony being absolutely good. Without any remembrance of what happened to him, he participates in a sort of convention. Only he does not speak with his normal accent and seems to be something wrong with his works: Apparently, he is not Tony Soprano, but Kevin Finnerty, or at least so thinks a group of people, and until the disappearance is solved it can not leave the hotel. Of course, in Sopran's pure tradition, which turns out to be just a dream: Tony is indeed in a coma, and doctors do not know their fate, family and friends worried sick, and Junior refuses to believe that everything has happened. Unfortunately, he did, and Anthony Jr. seems willing to avenge the attempt in his father's life. Dreams have appeared quite frequently in series, often as a kind of spiritual process for protagonists (especially in Season Five shows The Dream Test). Join the Club, however, take the metaphysical qualities of the program, already suggested by the previous episode of William S. Burroughs, and push the envelope in the boldest way: Tony hallucinating his dead friends (the first such occurrence was caused food poisoning, four seasons ago) is one thing, actually being in what seems to be Purgatory is radically different. The "heavenly" section of the story is thickened by allegorical meanings, not least, the name Tony is given (as a single character shows, writing in a certain way will give you the word "infinite") and none of them comes as being overstretched or attracted: David Chase has created a work that is far too intelligent to use strange settings just for their sake; everything helps the narrative. Speaking of "top help" in the case of Tony Soprano might be stretching him a tad, though.
