Let me start by saying that after watching this episode for the first time on DVD at 10 PM. one night, we could not sleep until 3:00. This brief review may contain spoilers. I have been a fan of Sopranos for a long time and I can say for sure that this is the best episode I've ever seen. I'm not saying everyone should feel like this, but I do. This episode is the same as the weekend I spent with my family, following my father, comed to the UTI before he passed. The episode begins with Tony in an alternative reality: he is a seller who is identity was confused with that of a man called Kevin Finnerty. Until ten minutes passed, I knew Tony had dreamed me or I was looking at another show. He was not like ordinary sopranos and I loved him. Option 1 is confirmed when Anthony (or "Kevin") looks in the sky at a "helicopter emitter" with a doctor with a flashlight. We see this only for a moment and the sequence is played until we return to real life in a situation similar to the one we just said. Tony left the coma just for a moment. His boys take A.J. home and Carmella, overcome by stress, collapses in the hallway: a moment of signature in the episode. For the rest of the episode, we cut off between the real world: the family dealing with the potential negative result of this coma and the alternate reality of Tony, which is parallel to what happens both in his mind and in the real world around him . Then comes the stellar point in the episode: after AJ ends up telling her that she ran to school, she went in to see Meadow sitting on Anthony's side. He approaches Tony and says the best line of the episode: "Anthony, can you hear us?" In Tony's world, he enters a dark room of the hotel and lights up. He takes off his shoes and goes to the phone. He tries to form but can not - as if trying to say something Carmella, but he can not physically do it. Not yet. <br /> <br /> He sits down and looks out the window. A brilliant light that reappeared throughout the episode seems to be calling from across the city. "When it's cold, I'd like to die" by Moby marries perfectly with these last pictures and helps create an emotional role-coaster of an episode. <br /> <br /> 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> PS: Follow the next episode. You know what light is. It's great.
