Okay, I did not get Purgatory first time I watched this episode. It seemed to me that something significant happened that did not put my finger. This time, those screams from Costa Mesa on TV caught my attention - and that helped me write an essay about Inferno! But let me see what I have not talked about yet ... A TWOP review mentioned that Tony had seven stair flights to get down because of the broken elevator. Yes, 7 is a significant number for a lot of reasons, especially religious ones, but here's another one for you. On a guess, I consulted wikipedia and guess what divided Dante into 7 levels? Purgatory. Excluding ante-Purgatory and Paradise. (The things at the end of the stairs and ... which Tony can not get) <br /> <br /> On the assumed "random" scene of a nun. As soon as they appeared to the monks, they fit perfectly with Tony trying to get out of the Purgatory. You can say that he was worried when that Christian ad appeared (death, sickness and sin), and he is becoming more and more desperate, because the Christian heaven resembles with him. When he meets the monks, he thinks "hey, maybe these guys can help me?" which sounds as if contemplating other religions (for example, Buddhism) and wonders if another way could lead him to "salvation." Not that Tony is literally thinking of becoming Buddhist, but Finnerty seems to have tried (and made it wrong). This palm in front tells Tony that there is no quick fix, as in, no, you can not suddenly embrace Buddhism and leave here. <br /> <br /> At first, Tony was not too preoccupied to get to heaven. But at the "conference entrance," he realizes that it will not be so easy for him. At first I saw the name in relation to the issue of the driving license, because Tony led a double life, which with the killing of people and the sleep around him kept secret from most people. He feels free to have a quasi-Melfi adventure because "he is Kevin Finnerty." He realizes he can trick people with KF books, like the hotel's receptionists, but he will not take him out of Purgatory. These helicopters - helicopters in Heaven? - I follow her and everything he does. After reading all the theories about "inFinnerty", it seems that KF's identity is a reminder of the infinitely different path that Tony could have taken to life. Eventually, along with a car joke that involved Infiniti, it made no sense to me. At that moment, my brain goes out.
