Hare Rama's story, Hare Krishna, actually came to Dev Anand's mind when he saw the hippies and fallen values ​​in Kathmandu, where he was visited after protests against his prime minister Pujari of Calcutta. He had some spirits, because his film was opposed and others burned Prem Pujari's posters. But the life of the hippies triggered a story in Dev's mind to be transformed into a movie. This was Dev Anand's best directorial effort. The movie was an extremely powerful hit at the box office, and Zeenat Aman as Dev's sister had an extraordinary impact. This film was Dev Anand's call to the nation to maintain its moral values. <br /> <br /> It is an Indian family based on Montereal, and the role of the brother is a very affectionate one for his sister. But parents quarreled and separated by leaving Prashant (Dev) with his mother and Jasbir (Zeenat) with his father. She repeatedly told her mother and brother were dead, and eventually believed she would never see Prashant again. She is badly treated by her mother and she runs away from home. Dev gets pilot and finds out that Jasbir is in Kathmandu with some hippies. To meet his sister, Dev moves to Kathmandu and meets Shanti (Mumtaz) who was about to marry later with him and also Janice who is in fact Jasbir with a new name and a new identity. She forgot her childhood and Dev. Dev must recover his sister in all other incidents, including the assumption that he is suspected as a thief in Kathmandu and that people are after his life. <br /> <br /> This was a well-directed and action-driven story - both by Dev Anand. We see more about Zeenat Aman than about Mumtaz. But the music of Rahul Dev Burman was well composed. Dev has first offered the music that was composed by Sachin Dev Burman, but Burman Da did not want Dev to make the film. He was very close to Dev and his previous film Prem Pujari, although he was good, but he opposed Calcutta. Burman Da wanted Dev to try an easier subject, because he believed that the hippie culture movie could rebuild people's wrath against Dev. But Dev continued with the movie reassuring Burman Da and the movie was really a success. R D Burman had Asha Bhosle singing the winning prize Dum Maro Dum. Kanchi re Kanchi re was another good number. Generally, it's a good movie.
