In what seems to be an attempt to combine drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira made this movie, "Things That Make Life Useful." It's not an original discovery, with a lot of voice you have (right on the ground), but departs from the norm of Spanish cinema. The downside is that the elements that make up the film are poorly combined and while some points are not well developed, others are not in place. One day in the life of two people close to the middle age. It is basically what the film Gómez Pereira.Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is a stationary (parado) who, despite being on the back with a major drama, seems willing to see things change, but this explains that his commitment to a minor could mean a moment turning it into its existence. 2004), Jorge says things like this: "If I find a coin in front of the corner that will now change my luck." Of course he discovers it, starts playing "Joel Manuel Serrat" today on a cruising path on his way Hortenzia (Ana Belen), "Today could be a great day" (Hoy puede ser gran a dia). , divorced and a little alone, took the valerian to sleep, organized birthday parties as an exemplary mother, told her faith in God, and led to a murder mother's speed: Hortensia is a woman with many contradictions in her behavior "70% of people fall in love only once in a lifetime" and said that although it is not Jorge and the unemployed and does not rule out the possibility of it being a "sadistic" sleep in the shoulder in the cinema on a few occasions: later came a communion, a dance in the luxury wedding banquet, the back of a car and other things that players seem to experience such unique experiences, the debate between us is the drama of two adults the people who do not have another leads them to see where their strange relationship is and, on the contrary, make us consider this case as a comedy, focusing on things like a Chinese song at a wedding (which seems funny in itself) to they are walking a drunk person. The problem is that it does not leave us time to connect with the players, so we can not identify with the dramatic and do not give us a solid comic, leaving everything except the pure joke. Finally, all mixed in a way that the spectator does not know very well if he laughs or weeps and never ends. And it is true that something is not seen a thousand times, it is not the kind of film we find to bend every corner, but it is not quite different or special, as we want to do. Ana Belén (who seems to be far less than the 53-year-old in the film) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors who are very pleased to see work, but this time seems fairly or comfortably in scenes that ask for it to destroy the calm predominates in the film, so in moments, such as the "accident" with the kids in the bar thing, it seems to slip out of their hands. Maybe a very dramatic change to be made, but that's not an excuse to lower our guard. In any case, both performers are easily raised the climax of the function. "Things That Make Life Useful" works only up to a modest level of entertainment. Any claim that is beyond that moment has not been fulfilled, as a romantic or dramatic comedy that we suppose to do, can not afford to have small moments of success (beyond harm) such as the one in which one of the characters talks and laughs, loses drunk, compared to a boy who stays in a coma in part because of him. They do not do much for people like Rosario Pardo, making a typical friend, whose biggest contribution to the film is the phrase "must be deceived," and the songs from the soundtrack, though significant, do not just fit. It is true that Manuel Gomez Pereira's film has his hits (some of the moments involved by Jose Sacristan), but the ensemble is an anodic story, a movie with good intentions and a nice result when better.
