What does the Marquis de Sade have to do with Egyptian archeology and the siren who loves cults? Tobe Hooper tries to answer this question in a strange little movie. Genie is a young boxer who visits her father of archeology in Alexandria, Egypt. Genie is caught by a mysterious (and gentle lesbian) prostitute who gives her father a part. Dad is sent back to the site, where he discovers a tomb with what appears to be a siren on it. Genie meets a descendant of the Sade Marquis and falls for an Egyptian wizard (offering the hottest scenes of the film). Eventually, Genie finds out that it must be a sacrifice, and the bloody and bloody point is going on. Wrapped around this story, there is Marquis de Sade's movie in prison, talking with a portrait of what looks like Genie. Robert Englund is wonderful both as Marquis and his descendant. His acting skills have always been eliminated by his makeup requirements, so he is allowed to shine here. The best interpretation is still in "Killer Tongue", if you have not seen it yet. The rest of the distribution, including the Genie youngsters, are fairly average. But the scenario is problematic. You will quickly find that Marquis's scenes are completely useless, except that movie makers had access to the cold set. The siren cult that finally saves the Genie makes no sense. Who is the siren is never explained, and its connection to Christianity (which is hyped during the movie) is nothing. The film is very anti-Christian, because the archaeologist is a bloody father of the Bible, but he likes to be linked to a local prostitute. There are a lot of scenes of depravity and violence, but Hooper probably did not know what writers were trying to say. I know I have no idea. Why recommend this movie? Is strange. There is an extended sexual scene. For ladies, a full-bodied Egyptian a completely nude horse. Englund is great. Do you like snakes? This movie is full of them. It's like Roger Corman, with a bigger budget. Knowing Hooper somehow came with the "Crocodile," after this is quite sad. "Night terrors" are not perfect, but they definitely have an insignificant and unrelenting look. It is rated (R) for physical violence, some sexual violence, gore, profanity, feminine nudity, male nudity, sex content, sexual references and drug abuse. <br /> <br />
