PERHAPS in trying to find another "Hot Property" for adaptation, Brothers Fleischer thought back to their successful attempts in the Newspaper Comic Strip world with their 1933 production, POPEYE THE SAILOR (Fleischer Studios / Paramount). Although she was part of the BETTY BOOP series, Miss B. made only a brief appearance at a glance; leaving the rest as a pilot episode for the possible emergence of a bursting series. AS is now known, the killer, the eye of the eye, Brawlin's sailor has probably become the most successful series of cartoons ever; learn and survive literally on Fleischers and Studio, which lasts until today. RETURNING to King The features for another try of luck were undoubtedly the reason for trying the very popular HENRY Comic Strip character in a BETTY Boop Exit; the objective being to look for another series. Vengeance seemed sure then. HENRY was a very popular feature in Hearst Papers; which appears in both the daily and Sunday versions of Comics Color, PUCK, THE COMICS WEEKLY. You know, "What are these dead dead?" Remember this, Schultz? Watching the villainous, little, bald boy, "Comedy", "Hero", and his antics on the screen, both solo and in tandem with Miss Betty; I was pleasantly surprised to see how well the character was manipulated. The story and director Dave Fleischer offered both a lot of comic-like scenes and sight ghosts that seemed most suited to the character of the little Henry. These more silent vignettes were very important to the animated film, remaining faithful to the printed page; as a feature of HENRY was made especially in a sort of "color mime". In the cartoon, entitled BETTY BOOP WITH HENRY: FUNNIEST LIVING American (Fleischer Studios / Paramount Pictures Corporation, 1935) we see what it is; basically being a situation exercise; being punctuated by Dave Fleischer's rapid range of machine guns. In short, Henry puts a puppy in the window of Betty Boop Pet Shop. It's kind of love at first glance, as Henry tries to buy the little puppy dog ​​with the only money he has, bring his coins in his pocket. He is formed by Miss Boop that would be $ 2.00 in cash from the depression era to make the purchase. Tears appear as a small type of depressed leaf. But a delay is soon on the horizon as Betty asks the boy to lie to the store while she leaves in urgent business. In return for her services, Miss Betty promises to return the little dog. Of course, they have a business and Betty leaves. Getting to the cage and animal feeding job offers Fleischer crew the opportunity to trigger a new line of gags; this time with poultry seeds, Henry's bald pate and push strokes. (But not all of a sudden, of course, Schultz!) Henry's enthusiasm for the mass feeding of the store's avian population, initially literally sowing his head, soon leads to a mass deformation of the birds; from the store on the street, in a mass jailbreak. BETTY returns to this view and expresses disappointment and anger with Henry's temporary care. All bets have been stopped, no dog for Henry. He begins to leave; depressed; but soon convince the owner to give him another shot to fix things. His head covered with bird seed, he manages to corrupt all creatures with small feathers; returning to the pet shop coop. Fortunately, the little leaves leave; but this time he has his own affectionate, little, licked puppy in front. <br /> <br /> UNDUIUBETLY this was a winning combination. We have the freedom without worries, the filled energy, the free oscillation of the boy, the goodness of Betty and the emotions of the situation and the doubtful result of the "boy and dog" situation. Max and Dave Fleischer gave us an almost minor mini-masterpiece of a short surreal comedy. I was quite surprised that no HENRY series did follow. Judging by the faithful treatment of the character, it could certainly have been sustained for some time. In any case, this teaming was in many ways the best of Betty Boop trying out pictures. Although the first, POPEYE THE SAILOR (Fleischer / Paramount, 1933), was the most successful (and barely had any Betty Boop in it, except a cameo as a carnival dancer); HENRY Short was much better than King's two characteristics, BETTY BOOP AND THE KING, BETTY BOOP AND LITTLE JIMMY, both in 1936. POODLE SCHNITZ !!
