In post-colonial Africa, too few mass movies have been set up, and the ones that have been created are a mixed mix. This, with its altruistic claims to display slavery in the 1970s, shows the best and worst values ​​of Africa, which prove to be not too different from the values ​​of mankind as a whole. It also has shortcomings, given the unwelcome influence of Western preconceptions of Africans and, in particular, Arabs. Dr. Anansa Linderby, the beautiful African-American wife of English physician David Linderby, is captured by Arab slave traders, along with a teenage girl, Sanufu and a little boy. The slave trade, Suleiman, is at one point the Arabic scene, with its rhetoric full of flowers, and sometimes humorous and gesture of matching - which would not be without the "Continue That Camel", but are not at standards the film deserves. Peter Ustinov, of course, had more abilities to solve some of the scenario's deficiencies and saved what otherwise would have been a unique character. The Arabic workers of Suleiman are unintelligent and have paedophilic tendencies towards the boy who, fortunately, are not portrayed on the screen. One of David's first ports is the local police officer, a stereotypical, pompous and incompetent bureaucrat African. David then meets two stereotypical albums, an Englishman (Walker, played by Rex Harrison) and an American (Sandell, played by William Holden). Sandell is a "conventional" mercenary on mixed relationships, who initially refuses to help if David does not pay in front. Earned by David's love for Anansa and aware of his inability to find love, he agrees to take David into his helicopter to help find Anansa. They find that Suleiman and his captives cross the border and fail to follow them in the neighboring territory - as a result of Sandell's hesitation and David's lack of experience with firearms, his helicopter is pulled down, but David survives. > Then we see David introduced to Malik (Kabir Bedi), an African who has lost his family to Suleiman, and is now driven only by vengeance. They find Sanufu girl with a group of Tuareg, and I know I'm on my way to find Suleiman. In one of the most flood scenes, they kill a slave trader just to find this was not Suleiman's group, and they have no choice but to send their captives to the Tuareg whom they met earlier. Later, we discover that the boy who was raped is a sorcerer and, in an excellent scene with supernatural subtlety, uses his knowledge to kill one of Suleiman's cousins. Ananase on her part - and despite the boy's skepticism - manages to cause the death of the other two employees of Suleiman. Until then, Suleiman and his slaves are within days of coming to the slavery market. Suleiman, now undoubtedly Anansa is "trouble," trying to sell it to a rich Arab prince (Omar Sharif), who is corrupt but intelligent. At the discovery that Anansa is an American working for the United States, the prince decides rather crazy to continue the negotiations without taking into account the consequences. The scene in which the two men shake is one of the best in the movie. On the slaves market, the boy is sold to the middle-aged German pedophile and we are left to guess if the boy is still considered "wunderbar" when his owner is at the end of his PhD-witch abilities. David and Malik are finally confronted with Suleiman and there is a bitter ending from Malik's point of view. Eventually, David and Anansa reunited, and Malik, whose life is in ruin, can be strengthened by seeing the task he has put himself. the whole film plot is excellent, but loses signs for his stereotypical portrayal of almost all leading characters. Credit should address all key actors to address many of the scenario's deficiencies.
