I have read about FLAVIA THE ETERTIC for many years, but I only came to see it at the beginning of last year, when I went to a movie shopping mood and for any reason it came to my mind Last time, it's been a few months since I watched her. It's a striking film, set in Italy somewhere in the 15th century. Surely it was medieval (though I do not think a year has ever been given). This is the time of Christian ascension, age is a period of madness and the movie captures it very well. Flavia, our protagonist, is a young woman who encounters a Muslim fallen on a battlefield. Apparently he is a warm and interesting person, and she is immediately taken with him. Her father, a soldier of a standing family, almost immediately approached and killed the wounded man right in front of her eyes. But she will continue to see it in her dreams. Her father takes her to a monastery that seems more like an open-air asylum - the inhabitants, repressed so harshly by unconditional medieval Christianity, slowly. Flavia is under the influence of one of the nuts. But in a crazy world, only the healthy ones are really crazy, and this sociopathic sister clearly recognizes the madness around her. Taking over the time she is living makes a string with Flavia, who, being young and seemingly protected, begins to question everything about this world in which she is trapped. The film is steadfast in portraying that world, presenting a lot of inconvenience. We see a fallen horse, a gentleman rape one of the women in his lands in a slaughter, the pious torture of a young nun. Through all this, Flavia observes and questions, finally rejecting the Christian dogma that creates such a horror parade in terms that would win the film a criticism over the years for an anachronistic appearance. I do not agree with this criticism. Flavia's visions, though sometimes expressed in vague ways, for example, the contemporary feminist commentary (the film was made in 1974), revolves around quite obvious questions. Perhaps it is hard to believe that there could be so much a fish in the water in its time, but this is a kind of minor point that does not make it happen. Flavia is written to allow those in our age, or any age, to feel empathic with her situation. The clogging of such a problem would deprive the trees of the trees. Flavia is encouraged when Muslims arrive, invading the countryside, and she finds in their ruler a new version of the beautiful Islamist who is visiting his dreams. Smitten with her almost immediately, allows her to effectively lead the army, become a Joan of Arc figure in full battle, and to guide the invaders to drop Christian society and to take revenge on all those she saw to do wrong. /> <br /> She is the spokesman for a new and better world? She might believe that, but the Muslims of that age had no great importance in feminism, as she soon learns hard. As they say, meet the new boss ... This is really just a miniature of some of the things that happen in FLAVIA THE HERETIC. The film is quite bleak and very despicable, quite depressing. It's not a mass audience. It's pretty good, though, and it's not part of the heap of "foolishness" that is often thrown away with care. I think there's a lot of value in the final movie and I'm glad I saw it.
