"Flavia, to the Muslim Monster" as well. "Flavia the Heretic" in 1974 is a really disturbing and uncompromising piece of Italian cinematography Exploitation, which to a certain extent follows a somewhat feminist premise (though the level of weakness and brutality would probably be disgusting for most feminists). Located primarily in a monastery, and with a monk as a prominent eponymous protagonist (excellent performance of the wonderful Florinda Bolkan), "Flavia the Heretic" can be called "Nunspoitaţie". However, this film differs quite drastically from the typical Nunspoitative movements of that time because it does not focus so much on the elements of nunspoitation such as lesbianism, lesbian sadistic punishment, etc. Personally, I have seen more similarities to Hexploitation films such as The Mark of the Devil (even though he does not deal with the subject of witch hunters), which focuses on the brutal execution of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and the modern early age. <br /> <br /> Italy around 1600: After I confessed to her despotic father the defeat of a wounded Muslim soldier, the young Flavia is forced to become a nun in a monastery. When her father condemns a nun at a torturous death for a minor offense years later, Falvia's disgust with male violence against women turns into a hatred against the despotic church and joins a band of Arab pilgrims ... <br / > <br /> One thing is certain, "Heretic Flavia" is not for the weak or for those who want happy joints. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi has clearly tried to make his film as realistic and disturbing as possible, especially in his ugly scenes. Most scenes of torture and execution are extremely disturbing, thin, spikings and other terrible scenes in explicit detail, the most shocking scene being probably the torture of the young nun at the very beginning of the film. However, violence is never unnecessary. After all, these terrible methods were actually reality when the film was filmed. The film is very well done, with realistic costumes, fantastic settings, stylish cinema and an extraordinary score by Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkan, who is amazingly beautiful and superb, has proven her talent in many Italian cult productions (including Lucy Fulci's 1971 Giullo's "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino"). It offers another extraordinary, charismatic performance here, and I could not imagine another actress who also fits in her role. The film has some minor inconsistencies (for example, why the rigid church has left bizarre cult-followers in the first monasteries). However, it is amazing how realistic this movie is. "Flavia the Heretic" should certainly not be missed by my colleagues at The Italian Exploitation Cinema. This is a major exploitation operation, although it is certainly depressing and therefore should be pursued in the right mood. Highly recommended to fans of disruptive exploitation cinema. 7.5 / 10
