Flavia The heretic is an undeniable work of art and perhaps my first recommendation to say that Euro-theater cinema is seriously underestimated and should not be ignored. This is an intelligent and complex film, beautifully made and? surprise ?? pretty bad! This is more than free violence or free violence, and it is time for those commissions of prudential cinemas to classify Flavia as forbidden to consider this too. Flavia is a beautiful 14th-century teenage girl forced to live the life of an obedient nun in a strict monastery. She refuses to accept her as inferior only because she is a woman and she curses his sister because she was so tolerant about it. After an unscrupulous attempt to escape, she becomes friends with another rebellious nun and even leads a pair of Muslims thirsty in the walls of the monastery. Flavia is a truly fascinating movie! Almost impossible to believe that director Gianfranco Mingozzi has managed to make it look so realistic and so disturbing. I challenge you to come up with a title that focuses more on the pioneer-feminism than Flavia. Several sequences are pretty shocking (in fact, on the edge of the nightmare) as the camera grows into rape, torture and brutal mutilation. However, all of these rough images are not just used to meet perverted gorehounds, think. I am firmly convinced that I am part of the statement "Flavia" is trying to communicate: Humanity (especially the Catholic Church) has historically proved to be a hypocritical and discriminating race and has no reason to refuse it. Films like "Flavia, the Heretic" have the courage to question and openly condemn our precious ancestors and truly admire them for them. Flavia is a remarkable and fundamental exploitation film due to its substance, but it is even brought to a higher level by wonderful cinema, glorious costumes and scenery, and an amazing musical score by Nicola Piovani. Florin Bolkin is very convincing as an ambitious and capricious nun, but is María Casares, who steals the show as Sister Agatha. She is a nasty, man-made nun, who likes to urinate in the field! Amen, sister!
