I felt that this film was as much about human sexuality as anything else, whether intentional or not. We are also shown how absurd and paradoxical it is for women not to be allowed such an important national event, while forgetting the past of our "advanced" nations. I write from Japan, where women only had the right to vote 60 years ago, and technical engineers are a recent phenomenon. England's pubs were once men, the business world was totally out of bounds for women in America until late, and Chinese women tied their legs so they could not develop feet strong enough to get rid of husbands . Iran goes through this stage in our time and we look at how ridiculous we have been looking at at one time. Back to the issue of sexuality, we are asked to ask what could be intrinsically about women that make them unfit for a football match (the official reason is that men are bad). Especially such boys, a couple so much so that you even have the feeling that lesbianism is on the agenda. I think one point is that not all women are the same, and the women that the police are trying to "protect" themselves are not those who would try to get in first. The opening scenes of stadium approach make you appreciate the values ​​of young women who try to enter - and each separately - at all. It's a crude world of man. Any brave woman trying to leave should be allowed! The world of sexuality is not one of unique dimensions. Meanwhile, the detained criminal girls bind inside the improvised pen waiting for their deportation to who knows where and in a much subtle way, start to tie up with the guards while keeping their attention to them. They had clear ideas about women and femininity that had been challenged before. Change of attitude is glacial, but it is visible. Since the movie is pure Iran from the first moment, it takes a little relief for the stranger, but the characters have a special way to marry you, and you get to get a whole picture, and even understand the misunderstandings of the people and let them relax. The likely villain is the unseen patriarchy of the Ayatollahs, who remain unseen and unseen and probably unimportant. Knowing that this film was shot during the Iran-Bahrain real event, it gives me a sense of awe for everyone involved.
