What do you think the average person would know more / less about: Iranian cinema or Iranian football? Interestingly, the two come to the forefront of Jafar Panahi's latest controversial film Jafar Panahi entitled Offside, a story that uses football or football as a backdrop for a series of scenes that spill around the right to do something or go somewhere, and the right of individuals to extend that courtesy if and when they wish. The strange thing is that you do not leave the offside after you've learned about Iranian football or too much about Iranian cinema (unless it's about Panahi's controversial education), but you've come to feel enlightened that at least someone of Iran has taken a controversial issue that is clearly still in place in a nation like Iran and is willing to present it in an international audience rather than exploit it. I remember the 2006 World Cup, I'm sure many people can. It was summer after my first year at the university and after the slogan that was my first year, a World Cup football summer acted as a beautiful toned program. Needless to say, I have seen virtually every game bar at the same time as the other at the end of the group's stages, in order to avoid the incidents observed in Spain '82 when it was thought that West Germany and Austria appeared to get a result between those who would see both at the expense of Algeria. Anyone in the UK who watched the BBC broadcast Iran? The game in Mexico, both nations of the first tournament, can remember that at the top of the show, BBC football coach Gary Lineker gave a great comment to the match. It was something like, "We saw giants Germany, England, Argentina and the Netherlands, but now we see ... ... that Mexico and Iran are fighting." The emphasis on the latter two being inferior was clear, and maybe I watched them was a chore. It's a shame because there are people and movies like Offside who are really willing to see Iran up to the point where they risk their welfare to touch it and it's sad when people in a position of power reject what they consider " inferior "when there are others who would do anything to get the chance to get involved. When I immediately think of the words "Iran", "Football" and "World Cup", my mind flies back to the 1998 game in France between this nation and America. Here is a film about a World Cup game involving Iran, but where some or even most Iranian directors might have opted to present a story revolving around Iran's famous victory over the United States and what it meant to them, the director Panahi chooses to look at what happens behind the scenes and presents a fairytale story, women being banned from football matches and not being allowed to live the ecstasy of winning a game of immense magnitude. You can imagine a hard-to-handle film describing Iran's "victory" as a thriving propaganda film designed to exploit while "defeating" Western power or an "enemy" in a sport, probably not supposed to do this thing. Some movies that I remember when it comes to playing unbeatable play in their own game are the Indian film "Lagaan" in 2001, in which the Indian peasants defeat the British from cricket. Similalry, "Their Life of Life" in 2005, sees Americans defeating the English at a football match just this time in the 1950 World Cup. The differences between these films and the Offside are huge; Offside looks at a situation behind the mentality of a state and dares to explore a essence of feminism as girls, trying to see their beloved Iran defeat Bahrain and qualify for the World Cup, are rounded like animals and kept in a barred window that would allow them to see the game. The reason is that of the wrong language, men can, not will, but "can" during the game. The film portrays Iran as so incompetent that it can not take a man's right to swear and forbid the bad language, but must ban the woman's right to see the game together? it is not surprising that Panahi's film was forbidden in Iran itself. But Panahi remembers to include what makes the rule so crazy in the first place, frequently allowing his feminine characters to smoke cigarettes and use mobile phones, two things that physicians and scientists will consider to be more dangerous for the human body / mind than hearing a wrong language at a football match. Panahi pays special attention to the title of his "Offside" film, which itself is a determination in the detail of football when an "attacker" is "caught" trying to gain a gambling advantage. The parallels are executed with the woman's position in the film as these advanced individuals (assumed without right) are caught trying to put one over the opposition team; which is the state itself. I think Offside is one of the best movies to come out of the Middle East and the Gulf area that I've seen. It's a tense but humiliating film about people who have no history acting in accordance with IMDb and so the act is raw and real adding that strange neo-realistic aura to everything. Immediate termination is haunted, and the constant verbal battle between male soldiers and women making mistakes that dare defy the state is wonderful. I also think that for someone who does not like the film, for the reasons I have mentioned, it shows a distinct level of indignation, whether you are working in the Iranian government.
