In Iran, women are not allowed to participate in men's sports events, apparently to "protect" them from all the cursed and unpleasant languages ​​they may hear from male fans (that is why men can not be held back or "Offside" tells about half a dozen young women dressed as men trying to sneak into the match between Iran and Bahrain, which in 2005 qualifies Iran to go to the World Cup the film was mostly shot during that game.) "Offside" is a slice comedy that reminds you of all those great humanities ("The Shop on Main Street," "Loves a Blonde," " Closed Trains ", etc.) that came out of Communist Czechoslovakia as part of the" Miracle of Prague "in the mid-60s. As with many of these works," Offside "is more concerned with observing life than developing any type of elaborate fiction narrative. Indeed, the simplicity of the setup and the naturalism of the style make the film so effective. Once discovered, the girls are coralled in a small pen right in front of the stadium, where they can hear ugly applause from the game. Stuck where I am, all I can do is to plead with the cops to let them in, the guards who are usually scary, good boys, who are bound to fulfill their duty as part of their compulsory military service. Even the majority of the men entering the stadium do not seem to be particularly disturbed by the thought that these women are admitted. The ban persists. And yet, how can they not be impressed by the courage and the very real consciousness of these women as they rise against a system that continues to impose such a ridiculously regressive and archaic restriction? Yet, the purpose of these women is not to reunite behind a cause or to make a "point". They are simply obsessed with fans with a keen desire to watch a football match and, like all the men in the country, enjoy their team. It's hard to say how much the dialogue is scripted and how far it is, but in any case, the actors, with their wonderful expressions, do a magnificent job, making every moment look absolutely real and convincing. Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shayesteh Irani are remarkable novelties in an excellent distribution. The structure of the film is also very free and free, while writer / director Jafar Panahi and co-writer Shadmehr Rastin concentrate for a few moments on one or two characters, then move effortlessly and effortlessly to others. With this documentary approach, we get to feel that we are witnessing a real event that takes place in "real time". Very often, it is easy enough to forget that we're actually watching a movie. It was a very smart move by filmmakers to include so much good-nature humor in the film (it's what cinematographers did), the better to point out the total absurdity of the situation and to widen the film's appeal for both domestic and foreign audiences. "Offside" is obviously a cry for justice, but it is one that is more effective by refusing to make his story a tragedy that is difficult to breathe. Instead, he understands that nothing destroys social barriers as effectively as humor and an appeal to the common humanity of the audience. And is not that true art should be all about? In its own quiet and undervalued way, "Offside" is one of the great, underestimated stones since 2007.
