Panahi, whose previous films, like The Circle and Crimson Gold, seemed to vary from dour to grim, produced in his new offside a funny, obscure, happy piece ending in a release note, and an unimaginable fun? however, the film deals with quite challenging and relevant materials like anything else done. Focusing on a group of angry football fans, surprised at the Bahrain-Iran Premier at the Tehran Stadium, Panahi raises national moods and a spirit of independence and contradiction? and absolutely absurdity? of the regime's religious apartheid in a world of modern competition, with a majority of young people and urban girls thinking more and more of themselves. As the movie opens, we join us without blowing one of the girls on a bus, a father pursing a lost daughter. It has a disguise and has national colors as a war, but we understand with it in knowing what will happen: it is still easy to see. The thing is, most men around them do not care. However, the rules are rules, and once they try to cross the various checkpoints on the way to the big stadium, the football girls, or anyway, spin and hold in a small climb from the stadium by some policemen soldiers, especially young, green and rustic, who have no idea how to deal with the independent ideas of these big girls and prefer to look at the game? whose revolt we are constantly listening to in the background? themselves. Every girl is different? is a different set of reasons why they want to break the rules and the different ways to do it. One wore a soldier's uniform and went into the officers. One is tough and masculine, mocking and provocative (could go for a cute boy and silently say, "Are you a girl or a boy?" "What would you like me to be?"). One did not care much about football, but went to honor a dead companion. One (Aida Sadeghi) is an animated footballer himself? and so on. These Tehrani girls are stubborn and intelligent and walk through the rural lieutenant in their care (Safar Samandar). One of the rural policemen (Mohamad Kheirabadi) takes the girl's footballer into the men's toilet (of course, there are no ladies), forcing him to wear a poster of an Italian football star as a mask. There is a comedy of errors and chaos in which the girl runs away. Later, a spiff-shaped valve comes with an officer who leads the cops to take the girls to the vice president? violation of sex segregation rules qualifies as a vice. A man is mixing with them? a child who is chronically guilty of smuggling with fireworks in games. The truck proves not to be so spy: the radio antenna is broken. But a policeman keeps it in place to be able to listen to more and more intense reports. Politicians and prisoners have now joined in a common impression. There is no score, the game goes to penalty kicks, and the winner will go to Germany. In the background, through all this, is a real game, a real stadium, and real masses of crazy young people the result of this event. The extreme is immense, and the streets are blocked by cars and flags and plenty of supporters praying for an Iranian victory and uniting in their enthusiasm. What makes this movie so good, as it can be clear now, is that it is shot in the evening of a real game, with a real end that turns everything around. This, unlike Panahi's highly productive narrative trajectories, is a spontaneous vérité shooting that improvises in a rhythm with a background captured by real events and sweep you in its enthusiasm in very thrilling ways. <br /> <br /> The essence of the Offside is the disconnection between the madness of modern world football and the retro-Islamic social prohibitions that repress women? the latter being at a time when young Iranian women become part of a global world where females participate in sports and share in the ardor of national team spirit. How do you reconcile your country's ambition to become a modern global power with medieval social attitudes? A lot of Offisde is staggeringly real, including how everyone tries to speak out of everything. The director's decision to inject young actors into a real-world real-world event leads to an extraordinary combination of documentary, polemic and fiction that is too energetic to seem to have a bone to choose and end in a way that is shining and moving. I had reservations about Panahi's movies before, but that's a kick. Panahi does something remarkable here. He criticizes society, presents an unusual drama, and touches our heart with a feeling of a nation's aspirations.
