In Iran, women are forbidden to participate in live sports events because of fears they will be "corrupted" by bad language, by the proximity of thousands of men and by the fact that there is no toilet for women in old stadiums. Based on a real incident involving the director's daughter, Jafar Panahi's offspring follows six girls, disguised as men, who are refused entry to the 2005 soccer match between Iran and Bahrain, a match that will decide whether or not Iran goes to the Cup World. In a departure from the minimalist films I have used in Iran over the past ten years, Offside is an exuberant comedy that has a patriotic fervor and a universal appeal but contains enough social subversive commentary to justify her banning from projections in Iran. Shot with a digital camera using unprofessional actors who are more than in the task, the girls are trying to sneak into the Azadi stadium in Tehran but are arrested and placed in a holding area outside the stage. They are guarded by three young soldiers (Safdar Samandar, Mohamed Kheir-abadi and Masoud Kheymeh-kaboud) who express ambivalence about their task, but are committed to complying with the rules. Women are football enthusiasts, not political activists and cheering for Iran's victory, but this does not deter soldiers from holding them while waiting for the girls to be shipped to the vice-team and an uncertain future. Expressing rather than behaving like victims, they continuously ask soldiers about the reason behind the restrictions, making them obvious absurdity. Although they can hear the crowd's noise, women can not see the action, but they make a minor victory when convincing one of the soldiers to comment on the game. One of the funniest sequences happens when a female "prisoner" is escorted into the men's room by a soldier. The young recruiter has to cope with a riot when he has to prevent anyone else from using the facilities while the girl is still in. Little by little, to paraphrase Adlai Stevenson, which unites them to be bigger than what they divide and the unlikely competition of the opponents behind the country and the root for the victory that will send Iran to the World Cup. Although the point is made early and often the film is left a little in the middle, Offside makes a point about a society in which a political elite with a medieval social mentality has to face a growing group of educated and polite citizens. We can only hope that the world's pressure and the awakening of his people will force the Ayatollahs to conform to the 21st century.
