I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. Filmed during a real World Cup 2006 qualifying match, Offside works brilliantly both as a comedy and as a tragedy. The film follows the fortunes of a group of young women who are caught trying to sneak into a soccer match at Azadi Stadium in Tehran. The Islamic religious leaders of the country have decreed that women can not stand in men at sports events, so as not to be exposed to jitter and other questionable moral behaviors. This did not stop the fans of the young females in the country who continue to sneak using different tricks. But Panahi focuses on a small group that has been caught and is held agonizing close to action. They beg the bored soldiers to guard them to let them go or at least to let them watch the game. The soldiers tell them he should not have entered, that he could watch the game at home on television. They go back and forth almost in real time as the game continues, just outside the room. There is a very funny sequence in which a young soldier accompanies one of the girls in the toilet. Since there are no toilets in the stadiums, he must free the room of any man before he can get in. In addition, it makes it cover her face so no one can see that she is a woman. This is done using a poster of the Iranian football star Ali Daei as a mask with perforated eye holes. You have a sense that the soldiers are embarrassed by the ban and only do their orders to speed up the end of their compulsory military service. A soldier complains that he should be on vacation so he can take care of his family's cattle in the countryside. Little by little, girls and soldiers talk to each other and there are many small acts of kindness on both sides to show that they are generally good people living in terrible conditions. However, the constant remembrance of soldiers that the "boss" is on its way gives a sense of threat because we do not know what kind of punishment they will face for women. Unlike most of the Iranian movies that are known for their powerful images, Offside is filmed in a realistic, artistic style. In fact, the movie was made during the real match against Bahrain, which took place on June 5, 2005. The "plot" in many ways was determined by the result on the field. If Iran wins the match, it would qualify. If they lost, they would not. Since the World Cup has come and gone, I do not think it's a spoiler to say that Iran won the match. The holiday scenes at the end of the film were real and spontaneous, which gave the film an authentic reality. Seeing how much this meant for the people of Iran was deeply moving. Also, one of the young women refers to the end of the film to seven fans who died during the Iran-Japan match March 25, just weeks before. They stumbled upon the police began to spray the crowd with water to move them in a certain direction. Knowing that this was a real life tragedy added another level of polarity to the festivities. I do not want to go on a long political tangency, but this film has given me real hope that there are not those in Iran who hope to change and work on it. Iran is a nation of young people and it is only a matter of time before they replace elders in the political sphere. Movies like this show the proud spirit of the Iranian people, despite the current difficulties, and I hope to be honest that there is a brighter future for them.
