We have found that this is a surprisingly easy touch of tomorrow in a 1950 film that creates cultures. John Wayne would not be the first choice to be a cultural attache, being equally diplomatic with his good intentions as a bull-run in Harrods. But this time he was left to play a much more passive role than his usual bluff character, and fulfilled his mission with style. The Duke was a guy who could behave well. His facial expressions and body language could be extremely subtle. In spite of his considerable presence, both as actor and screen time, he has not managed to dominate this film. Many of his good intentions came in a processor. He had authority over no one, and the intermittent narrative was provided by the titular geisha to which he was a barbarian. The story of American attempts to curb favors with a Japanese isolationist was a political intrigue, rather than battle battles or hell battles. I can not comment on the accuracy of his research, but the peculiarity of Oriental culture over Western sensibilities has been well demonstrated. It was a great part of the choreographic minute ceremony that involved what this observer regarded as an authentic and propsist costume. The pieces were complex and detailed. A lot of money and thought have been applied to it. Romanticism fractured between Wayne and his geisha added an additional extra feature, and stopped the film becoming just a political or flyer effort. The script was good without being too barking. There were many Japanese dialogues, but long translation periods did not interfere with the narrative. It was nice to see a lot of authentic orientals on the stage. Whether or not they were Japanese, we could not tell. But anyway they looked at the side. At least leadership has not been interpreted by Caucasians, unlike other efforts like "Blood Alley" (yes, I know they were Chinese) "Inn of Sixth Happiness" or even "King and Me". /> <br /> Honestly, I liked more than any of the other movies. The script was better for a start. I never liked the songs in "The King And I" and was not impressed by the anti-communist subtext "Blood Alley". I confess that I have never seen this work and found it very favorably compared to many of Duke's popular outings. Recommended.
