This is not the type of film John Wayne is known for. He plays a diplomat, a man who does things done through words and conviction rather than physical actions. The film moves in a quiet realism through its superficial and unmistakable story. For those who think openly, with patience and with care, this film is a rich description of an interesting part of history. <br /> <br /> There are two interstitial stories. The big story is internalized, isolationist in Japan, and America's extrovert and expansive, which contradicts when their conflicts oppose. The little human story is a strange barbarian (Wayne) and Geisha's initially civilized hostility, and he does not like to go back to mutual respect and love. The human story is a reflection of the greater story of the two nations. The film is very well done and all actors play their roles well. The two main roles are made to perfection. John Wayne is excellent as Townsend Harris, striking the right mix of strength and negotiation in his dealings with the Japanese. Eiko Ando is also excellent as Geisa's title, charming and delightful. The interaction between her character and John Wayne is particularly well presented. This is exactly how these two individuals (as described in the film) would have behaved. The script is very well written. He lacks all the annoyance. and is a realistic representation of how the events described have appeared. Characters are real people, not "big" figures from history. Moreover, the clash of cultures and interests is illustrated with a high skill and subtlety. Indeed, the clash of a traditionalist and traditionally strong, isolationist Japan and a growing, recently strong, ocean of the world is summed up very well in an exchange between John Wayne and the local Japanese baron. Wayne complains that shipwrecked sailors are beheaded if they land in Japan and that passing ships can not even get into the water. The Baron replies that Japan just wants to stay alone. Wayne's character responds that Japan is on an increasingly important crossroads of international shipping and that if things continue as before, the nation will only be seen as a brigade band that infects an important road. A very real summary of how the two countries saw themselves as being on the right and saw the other as being wrong. The resulting conflict between two peoples with misleading justice with conflicting interests has its reflections throughout history, a continuous theme that equates now and in the future. Japan's cinematography and image of the mid-nineteenth century, before the accelerated growth to industrialization that was to follow later in the century, is excellent. A visual experience and luminous understanding in the ancient civilization of Japan. I recommend someone, whether or not a John Wayne fan, watch this movie if you have a chance. You just need to know that it's not a movie of action. It's a representation of an interesting place and time in history, and a story of slow-boiling love that (to their surprise) comes to dominate the personal lives of the two main characters. Watch this movie on merit, without preconceptions, let yourself immerse yourself in your story, and you will enjoy it. <br /> <br /> Overall, an excellent movie.
