I have to be honest and say that I bought this film not because of the content, but because David Cubitt is in it; I know ... superficial or what? - but, come on, Mr. Cubitt is a fantastic actor to say gently. I really did not know what to expect when watching this movie, I would have read the other by writing those on other sites, but I have to say that I was attracted to the brotherhood world from the very beginning. David Cubitt as Theo and Colm Feore as Ryan are as credible as the two alien brothers, the movie moves through their relationship, beginning to try to regain their parents' death. The scene in which Theo finds out that Ryan is gay is brilliantly played, literally stepping on a scene and trying to leave without noticing Ryan - which, of course, he has. The film was very well researched and is therefore incredibly sad, moving, uplifting and a feast of life in parts. I gave up this sad feeling of what Ryan had over, but also of the fact that he was given unconditional hope and love by the ex-drug addict Theo. I agree with the other reviewer who finds the scene in which Theo says he will be a moving father and I would go a little longer to say that I actually voiced my thoughts to Ryan when he tells Theo " makes you think you can be a father, "and Theo simply says" You ". Theo leaves here, but that little exchange of dialogue speaks of volume to Ryan's very close to himself, which is repeatedly raised by the simple replica. A brilliantly conceived film about all aspects, act, direction, writing, etc. are all so well done. I can not find anything else to say about this movie, except that it is very hard to deal with the death of a loved one, but this is done gorgeously, to the infinite extent. The respect of the subject and the overflowing of love (without being controversial and mawkish) speaks volumes in this rather selfish world in which we live today. Good for everyone interested. Not too many movies make me tearful and give me a break to think about life in general and enjoy all the things I have and not be sad about things I do not, but this movie did it, it was incredibly elevating taking into account the subject.
