Anna (Ursula Andress) is officially brought to R.N. by former boyfriend Benito Varotto (Duilio Del Prete), apparently to care for an elderly widow, Count Leonida Bottacin (Mario Piso), back to health after a heart attack. But Benito is actually leading a group of heirs and businessmen, including American entrepreneur Mr. Kitch (Jack Palance), with hidden motives, reflected by what we hope, Anna will do with the count. He has a history of women, and, in fact, would be a little "more vulnerable" as he is cured. The bad guys get derailed as Anna does not go and approaches the Count. The end can be said to be ironic, but it is probably better described as predictable. <br /> <br /> But so much for the plot - this movie is an erotic comedy from the beginning to the end, and oh how good. There are many nude scenes, including those of Anna and Jole, one of the evil legacies played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Luciana are feminine ex-Bond women and thus fulfill the fantasies of male spectators. As she did in Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays a fatal female, a sort of, though less stylish. Perhaps the best scene is Anna's full band (slow) and jumping with the young Adone, "the other patient" (who opposes incredibly) in an attempt to find out what he knows about the plot. But even at this moment she is already two-faced (for good), because she decided not to go. However, Benito is more than a twin-time chronometer with women, having a long-lasting blow with Anna and Jole, and the best rival erotic scene follows an invectively-filled (gentle) argument between him and Jole. This is a standing encounter, in which Luciana heads only to black panties. Another beautiful Ursula is completely swimming in the pool of the complex. The Count is free, as a client, to put his hands wherever he wants Ursula, and he takes advantage. Hey, in a way I went back to the names of the actresses in my descriptions. Erotic scenes involving other women include tracking the wine cellar. "The Sensuous Nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but it does not have to be - it is enjoyable without interruption, it starts to end. Definitely recommended. <br /> <br />
