I'm not a fan of Adam Sandler. In fact, I do not think I ever liked everything I saw. The opening scene of this movie confirmed my worst fears. It was Adam Sandler, playing a character ridiculously littered around New York City on a motor scooter, looking pitifully and lost. Typically Sandler missed type again, I thought. I almost gave up then and there. But when I was left with this, I discovered something I never knew: Adam Sandler can act! He is truly remarkable in this film as Charlie, a lost and lonely figure, whose entire family (including the dogs) was killed in one of the hijacked planes on September 11, and which has therefore lost all connections with reality as a result. Don Cheadle plays the ex-college roommate who unexpectedly reconnects with Charlie and takes her as his mission to help him improve. Of course, Cheadle's Alan Johnson has his own problems and sources of unhappiness, and in a way, these two people manage to help each other through their difficulties. The two made a credible crew, and Sandler, in particular, made Charlie real, working through his emotions and feelings. This is not a Sandler comedy. If you are looking for it, go to some of its other, more peculiar things. This is a rather difficult film - sometimes sad, sometimes hopeful and always grieving. There are some funny parts in it. I liked the scene where Charlie persuades Alan to face his partners, reminding him how hard he was at college and then the conversation they both have. Saffron Burrows has added a lot to the film as Donna, an obviously forced Johnson patient. The only reason the character seemed to be (based on a retrospect) was that she looked terrifying as Charlie's late wife, but that was never very well developed, and I did not care about that character. But look for the judge's part played by Donald Sutherland, who I thought he'd beaten the side. As far as I'm concerned, however, this is Sandler's film, and he's a kudos for extraordinary performance. Definitely the best in my opinion. 8/10
