I have to admit that this movie moved me as I broke into tears. Still, I always think of things twice, and instead of writing an eulogy that defines the film as impeccable and impeccable, I prefer to take the risk of a closer look. First, what is the first: an unquestionable impact on the viewer because it starts and continues like a slow-moving movie that does not attempt to destroy you with real scenes from September 11th. He throws a genius shot because, unlike Stone's WORLD TRADE CENTER, this film, fortunately, does not focus on the attack itself, but on the impact that, like the nuclear explosion, is not nearly visible, yet dangerous and devastating. The psychological impact, the pure devastation they caused on September 11 and the disaster the American people are causing is almost palpable in this film. I think Binder has managed to observe an obscure obsession of American society post 9/11, and Sandler, in my opinion, has climbed from a medium comedy actor to a real talent that delivers an Oscar-worthy performance. Still: In the movie BLOOD DIAMOND, the character of Di Caprio says and quotes: "Ah, these Americans, I always want to get my feelings." Now, I do not want to reduce my sufferings, but I'd like to make a comparison. Beginning with 9/11, the world is facing reminders, memoirs and commemorations on Sept. 11. The Hollywood industry and writers, such as Safran Foer, more than the hint of 9/11 in their works. Now, this enormous amount of cultural products, dealing with September 11, makes the death of 3000 people the greatest tragedy of this young century. The number of books on this subject and the number of films directed on this subject, and I say this with all due respect, blow the importance of this atrocious crime to some extent. The fact is: People die every day because of unjust actions and horrific crimes committed by wicked or simply lost people. We have a war in Iraq, Afghanistan, Birma and many other countries. Everyday, we forget about the poverty the African people suffer and tend to empathize with them to a lesser extent than with the American victims of September 11, simply because they are black and because their lives do not have much too much with our Western lives. Africa has neither the money nor the potential to commemorate national tragedies in a way that can be done by America. So what I'm saying is: The reason we feel more about the 3000 victims of September 11 and their families is because we always remember 9/11. It does not pass a day without an article in the newspaper, a movie or a book that discusses September 11th. In conclusion: I behaved with Charlie Fineman, but I was not sure if I had the right to feel for him more than for a Hutu who had lost his entire family in the Rwanda Civil War.
