Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and has two daughters (Camille LaChe Smith & Imani Hakim). He also let his parents live in his huge apartment in New York City. But, in a sense, he feels that his life is somewhat empty. On a regular day in town, he sees his college teammate Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler). What Alan has not seen Charlie for years. When Alan tries to make friends with Charlie again. Charlie is a lonely, depressed man who hides true feelings from people who care about him. Since Charlie suddenly lost his family in a plane crash, they were in one of the September 11, 2001 airplanes. When Alan almost feels comfortable with Charlie. When Alan mentions things in his past, Charlie turns violently to Alan or anyone who mentions his deceased family. Now, Alan tries to help Charlie and tries to make his life a little lighter. But Alan discovers that making Charlie talk about his true feelings is much more difficult than expected. Written and directed by Mike Bender (Blankman, Indian Summer, The Upside of Anger) made a wonderful human drama to touch moments of sadness, truth and comedy. Sandler offers an impressive drama performance that Sandler offers more in his dramatic role than he did to Paul Thomas Anderson's Push-Drunk Love. Cheadle is excellent as usual. Pinkett Smith is good that Alan's wife, Liv Tyler, is also good as the young psychiatrist and Saffron Burrows is good enough as the beautiful weird woman alone who has a wild passion on Alan. This movie was unfortunately a box office disappointment, despite having had some great reviews. Distribution is of prime importance here, writing and director is the wonderful and terrible film by Russ T. Alsobrook, Widescreen Cinematography. The film has an excellent location in NYC, making New York a beautiful city to look into the picture. The DVD has a clear anamorphic aspect transfer (2.35: 1) and a good Dolby Digital 5.1 Ambient Sound. DVD also a jam session with Sandler & Cheadle, a feature, photo editing and preview. I expected more of the DVD features as the audio commentary by the director and deleted scenes. "Reign Over Me" is certainly one of the best movies that came out this year. I'm sure this movie was great on the big screen. Unfortunately, I did not have the chance to see her in a theater. But it is also a kind of movie that plays well on DVD. The film also has a good soundtrack and has a lot of familiar faces supporting the roles and bits. Even the director has a small part like Byran Sugarman, who is an actor himself. "Reign Over Me" is one of the most underestimated images this year. It's also the best Sandler movie in my taste at The Singer Wedding. Do not miss. HD widescreen. (**** 1/2 of *****).
