Most people going to this film will have an idea of ​​what it is all about; A man loses his entire family and even his dog on a Boston flight that morning September 11, 2001. What you probably will not know before seeing this movie is: How would you feel this? What are you doing with that? and how would it affect you and how do you refer to every day of vigil? The story goes painfully slowly from the gate and then heats up nicely as it gains a low speed, while the newly-established relationship between dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and former roommate Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) solidifies and begins to form. Characters appear in this film, whose initial presence seems obligatory and not well developed, but in fact you remain with this story and you will find that the simplicity of each character is what makes this story credible and precise. True people live in a real situation whereby they can do little, but they stay aside, while one of them is disintegrating. The pain in Charlie's soul is clearly subtle since the first introduction and increases as we learn more about his character, brilliantly revealed by Sandler as onion layers? one layer at a time with ease and combined weight. It's such a subtle show that he sneaks on you and gets into his head while you look at him on the screen. Cheadle's Alan Johnson is just as subtle as Don Cheadle. Always watched, the ease that appears when Cheadle's screen talks about his good acting skills. Alan's relationship with Charlie Fineman is delicate in the texture, just as the situation demands. Fineman does not want friendship or no one enters his life, and yet, Alan's enjoyable quality is simple and honest enough to intrigue even a recluse like Charlie. Alan has the task of carefully opening Charlie's carefully sealed life. There is an inherent danger in this process. Moreover, Alan forces Charlie to open up, going so much as to hire the friend and psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler), the closer he is to the danger of pushing Charlie over the edge. It is an abyss that Charlie tests at every moment of waking and one he has learned to navigate through the mere reason of denial. He denied everything that existed before for him to exist with his loss. Unfortunately, his pain is something he can not deny. Sandler retreats so deeply in the pain of his character during the story, that when he meets his demons in the head, the spectator shares the pain almost equally. Alan stands alongside Charlie throughout this demanding process, with the risk of finding his own perfect family life - led by an admirable and efficient wife of Janeane's wife. (Jada Pinkett Smith) Alan, while heading for Charlie's recovery, looks inside and recognizes his own silent screams at the death of the independence he once owned, and the boy he had lost becoming a man. His reward for Charlie's help helps reconnect with what he has lost. The theme is similar to King Fisher; another story of a man who isolates himself to the point of madness of pain and loss. Like King Fisher, the story ends with tradition, there is someone on the whole theme. My King Lidia Sinclair (played by the wonderful Amanda Plummer in The Fisher King) is Donna Remar (Saffron Burrows), a woman on the verge of a defect and a wandering Johnson patient who proves to be unstable enough to complete Charlie it's limitless insanity. It's a good end to the story, but most probably the least likely to sound the truth. And again, maybe there really is someone for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC
