What we have here is a situation. It turns out that a man is in danger and people want to help him - in contrasting ways. Eventually they are forced to give up. You can not solve people. And, although in various ways Reign Over Me is conventionally at Hollywood, the message is not. This story is not about Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), a man who lost his wife and three daughters in a 9/11 that entered an almost psychotic state of PTSS since then . This is what Charlie Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), a New York dentist who was his dental schoolmate, was meeting and, knowing his tragedy, he tried on the street and reconnected. Charlie walks on a motorcycle scooter - a fancy fantasy to negotiate traffic in Manhattan - with large headphones over a loose hair table. The hair is Sandler's head to show he is disturbed. And the use of music as an escape must hit home for every iPod-armed subway rider. <br /> <br /> Charlie is a disaster, but paradoxically Alan, locked up with a controlling wife (Jada Pinkett Smith), soon begins to envy. Charlie lives like a teenage boy with a taste of nuts, with a huge trust fund (insurance money from the tragedy), and starts pulling Alan off to "star", "eat Chinese," buy records, or watch a Mel Brooks marathon, at a rep. Charlie lives in a beautiful apartment protected by an average homeowner, rebuilding the kitchen over and over, collecting vintage old vintage Springsteen, who, etc., and playing a video game called Shadow of the Collosus on a giant screen in a large empty living room. In-laws of Charlie are deeply worried about him, but also some resentment, as we learn later. Alan has a new patient who proposes him. Charlie's unhappiness makes us see Alan. Trying to help Charlie partly allows Alan to get rid of his own choking realities, but only partially makes him more aware of them. <br /> <br /> Cheadle and Sandler make a strange couple, but that does not matter, because it is the belief that they too may need each other. Charlie is desperate for the company of a friend who did not meet his family, because to get rid of his loss, he pretends he never had one. And if Charlie slept naked and slept and had a terrible musical taste (not Motown)? Alan wants an escape from his orderly and emotional life. He is under the thumb not only of his wife, but of his dental partners, who dominate him, even though he has established this practice. I'm white, by the way, and it's black. There is also a lazy patient from hell, which seriously disturbs things in dentistry, but begins to look differently when Charlie comes and notices that she is a babe. His libido seems to be hiding ready to come back at any moment. He is attracted to the breasts of Liv Tyler, a psychotherapist in the same building with dentists trying to treat Charlie when he admits he might need help. Sandler's mad scenes are a bit too theatrical, as many of the plot devices (actually, this movie feels like a piece at more than one point), but he has more monologues in which he expresses his pain deeply emotional. <br /> <br /> Not just delusional and sad, but dangerous and violent, and all these efforts to help him start overtaking. The movie is admirable in the way it conveys the feeling that people can not be made straight. This is an interesting movie - sometimes an interesting one - and it is the first time that the 11/11 issue has been addressed in terms of suffering for survivors. But there is a comedy element that sometimes seems to be lacking in taste, many of them are too drawn, and Hollywood's too big interiors are awful; only the streets of Manhattan look real. There is a scene in the courtroom that is absurd, and Donald Sutherland is a good judge to be true. The problem with Alan's family is solved too easily with a phone call. And yet it is worth watching for acting - Cheadle's control and subtlety, and Sandler in a serious role almost as good as he had in P.T. Anderson's 2002 Punch-Drunk Love, though this is definitely a better movie, actually much better.
