I did not really go into "Reign Over Me" knowing exactly what to expect from either the director or the story. The plot was pretty easy to understand, I suppose. The family of the whole guy died on September 11 and shuts down the world of his life. OK. I did not know if she would use the terrorism attachment as a platform to talk about these or other issues related to it, and indeed it is not at a very obvious level, so if you are afraid to be surrounded by political opinions that can be different from yours, I would not worry. I think the writing even made a point of never explicitly mentioning the "eleventh of September". Generally, I was impressed. It was a very moving picture. The film has a sense of humor, and it's very sharp, but it's certainly a drama in which it matters. Usually I do not like to think that comedic actors are incapable of acting, but sometimes to be honest, I am. Adam Sandler is definitely capable of this (and although I think it's possible, maybe you do not agree, Jim Carrey is also very well rounded up sometimes). Charlie Fineman's portrayal of Sandler took a character that seems completely unreal and makes it absolutely credible. I've read many reviews that criticize Alan Johnson's writing (Don Cheadle in another excellent role, if not one that looks like some of his latest pictures), a wife played well by Jada Pinkett Smith, calling him static and boring, but this is completely untrue. It has deepness, but some of it is hidden behind the main story, which is becoming deeper and deeper. (Which also brings to mind some very unusual transitions made at the beginning of the movie, with a fadeout "fadeout" "Fadeout" after about the first 40 minutes, they are no longer used, maybe it is significant for the characters' or maybe they just realized how irritating it was.) The film is trying to gradually reveal the point (one of the most, but certainly the most explicit) stories, that sometimes people have to deal with pain in its own right. Perhaps it seems unorthodox to us, it may seem even unhealthy, but maybe what some people want more than anything is just to forget. Exactly to exist. The soundtrack of the movie was excellent and used music to track and amplify moods rather than to establish them, which gives credit to actors and writers. The film takes its name from "Love, Reign O'er Me," outside the Rock of the Dinner, Quadrophenia. The song itself is quite insignificant to the real story, but is used forcefully in the film during the climax and even at the end. The film has a good rhythm, and does not feel it will shoot anywhere in its length, which is just over 2 hours. If you can accept Adam Sandler's portrait of this deeply destroyed and destroyed man, you will enjoy the film. You will become embroiled in the story, and you will really feel the characters in every minute of it. It is not the best movie of the year, and there is nothing innovative or positively amazing in it, but it is a very enjoyable and visible film, overall.
