In our home, we are enormous fans of A Christmas Carol and we see virtually every version in every Christmas, including Reginald Owen from 1938 and Patrick Stewart since 1999. Our favorite is the classic 1951 black and white because Alastair Sim IS Ebeneezer Scrooge and his conversion sounds the most true. However, this 1984 interpretation has its own unique merits and makes a wonderful and entertaining story, fairly believable in Dickens' novel. (See my comments on other film adaptations if interested) First, George C. Scott can certainly look pretty crotchety and does not make a bad scrooge. I love his burns, his long coat and his hat. He cuts off the most beautiful fashion figure of the batch and a fairly beautiful gentleman. However, sometimes it seems that Scott enjoys his role of Scrooge just a little too much and does not take him as seriously as he should! This teaching has the best Christmas atmosphere overall, hopeful and optimistic. Somehow you know this story will have a happy ending. Recorded in Shrewsbury, England, it looks somehow very British. The movie has a wonderful musical score with wonderful and lively music in all the right parts of the story. Sometimes I almost smelled the roasting chestnuts and the pudding singing in copper! <br /> <br /> The ghost lived by Marley (with the wonderful jaw stage) and the three Spirits are quite convincing. Last Christmas is a beautiful ethereal lady, wonderful giant and jovial Christmas gift, Christmas still coming shrouded and prefiguration as always. However, I found Scrooge's nephew, Fred, a little quiet and grim, not as joyous and heartlike as he should have. I like the nephew's wife, whom they called Janet, with her lovely and time-consuming hairstyle. Instead of the bluff of the blind, they created a game called Similes for the nephew Christmas party, which is a nice touch, Scrooge pointing to the spirit of things. Cratchits and a rather poor Christmas (although much appreciated) Christmas is well described, with Bob (David Warner) duly and long suffering suffering in miles of scarf. Ms. Cratchit is portrayed charming by Susannah York, who also starred with George C. Scott in Jane Eyre's wonderful 1970 adaptation. Above all, this version undoubtedly has the best Tim Tiny, not only an adorable and pleasant little but sick. With those dark circles under his eyes, fragile things seem to be unlikely to survive an hour! This is a delightful and delightful version of the classic holiday. With its festive atmosphere, it is sure to put you in the spirit of the season.
