On September 11, 2001, millions of people were killed; but 2,819 lives have ended in a particularly terrible manner. They were the victims of a hijacking plane by extremists whose only mission was to destroy the buildings, but more importantly, the people. This film has an in-depth look at four people whose lives have been cut off by this disastrous event and a man whose life has been shaken by the loss of their lives. Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler), a former dentist who lives in New York, loses his wife and three children on September 11 as they head for Los Angeles. An emotionally annihilated event eventually loses touch with all who reminds him of his previous life; including his in-laws and best friend (played by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender respectively). He comes into total denial and makes every effort to forget his previous life. This continues until he enters his old college college Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle) that Fineman does not remember. The two of them start to finish, but Fineman thinks Johnson has been sent by people in his previous life to convince them to find help. Slowly but surely, Fineman regains his trust for Johnson. While all this is going on, Alan Johnson's life goes the wrong way. He is a dentist who helps to start a dental practice. One day, a patient of his name Donna Remar (played by Saffron Burrows) tries to make a move on him, telling him that he wants to have oral sex for him. This is an undesirable surprise for Dr. Johnson because he is a married man with two children. As he returns home from work on a particular working day, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to catch him. He is not successful, but he has another opportunity and convinces Fineman to take a coffee with him to catch up, despite the fact that Fineman does not know who he is. One of the most interesting things about this film is the use of music as a reason. One of Fineman's physiological crutches is music, especially Springsteen and other classical rock artists. When Fineman is asked to open his past or talk about the things he finds unpleasant, he puts his headphones and drowns the world with the stuff the music has. When the movie ended, I was thinking, how would I face the loss of my family? How should I deal with such tragic events. It's something we do not think too often. We always think they will be there, and we often take it for granted, whether we intend it or not. Usually, we realize how important they are when it's too late; and a blow like this can destroy someone physically, emotionally and physiologically. I really do not know how I can handle this. Would I face my head, handle and move on with my life or just put my headphones and lock the world?
