As someone who has never led Adam Sandler in terms of talent, as he did to many comic actors like him, I have come to reign over me waiting for a wonderful movie, not just because of his presence in the film, but because I thought it looked very good overall. Even someone who already believed that Sandler could perform dramatic performance is writing here that I was surprised at how fantastic he is in it. He will make you cry, especially in his intentional and sudden and unexpected monologue. What's amazing with his role is that he's a hard-to-tell character that I've seen earlier. I've seen many characters with emotional significance, many mentally retarded people, many lonely, many art lovers, but Sandler's Charlie Fineman is not one of them. He may have a taste of each person in some respects, but his character is truly unpredictable and completely individual. It is a joy for the public to be drawn emotionally by him and to be drawn into all sorts of someone whose problems, mentalities and challenges are completely different from most characters like him. Don Cheadle offers an interesting performance at a completely different level. He is every man. It's the most normal man possible in the world so much that you can hardly find more characters like him or at least any of them are played in the way that Alan Johnson plays, whose name is even on the assembly line . Cheadle is brilliant in being funny, offensive, intelligent and stupid in the way there are many normal people. The rest of the cast is populated by actors and actresses who have not done anything in time in smaller, but colorful roles. Jada Pinkett-Smith is the superior superior wife, Donald Sutherland is the impatient but surprising judge, Robert Klein is Sandler's desensitized father-in-law. Mike Binder's script is pretty brilliant, because he says something deep enough about the miracles of communication in all his subjects. It is much subtle than, for example, Babel, and has an ideal much closer to home. The camera is only interested in the reality of its images, unlike the simple style. This movie struck me as a kind of reference to the style of the kitchen-sink in the 1970s. The cinema was grandiose and open, but that was her charm. It was not about attracting us to the camera and the gloss that would have diluted its stories with such. Music, which plays a major role in the film, and its title, is very strong. Almost in the beginning, you feel like you're in another song about Schmidt or Little Miss Sunshine, but soon you realize you're in more than that. In fact, the movie is filled with a lot of music that stimulates many of the most emotional scenes. Reign Over Me is a major statement not only for society but also for the film itself. It shows that even the director Blankman is capable of wonders.
