From time to time, it seems that the Hollywood comedy actors have surprising my talent for dramatic artists: first was Robin Williams ("One Hour Photo (2002)"), then was Jim Carrey {Eternal Sunshine? (2004) being "an example", then Will Ferrell {'Stranger than Fiction (2006)') and now Adam Sandler. Yes, that's absolutely right: the guy who has based his entire career in making crazy comedies, goofball (I do not cry, I've always been a fan) has finally given me a show he can be proud of. Of course, some readers wonder what happened to "Punch-Drunk Love (2002)", but I can only assure you that it's a movie that I'm currently taking to see as soon as possible, since I've heard it terrible My first film, directed by Mike Binder, "Reign Over Me," is an intelligent and respectful exploration of pain and friendship. Although it sometimes happens to be wandering over too familiar a story, the predictable story turns out to be surprisingly deep and moving , both with Sandler and Don Cheadle offering memorable shows. Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful family dentist although he is unable to properly communicate with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and thus Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is Alan's roommate, a man who has lost his entire family in the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and is still confronted with his overwhelming painful feelings. A perfect figure with disordered hair and stabbed eyes (often resembling Bob Dylan's appearance), Charlie abandoned his dental career and spends his time in solitude: listening to music with headphones that decouples the sound from the outside world around Manhattan in his motorized scooter, immersing himself in fantastic video games, and redecorating his apartment kitchen in accordance with his wife's final desires. When Alan and Charlie meet for the first time in recent years, the latter does not even recognize an old friend, abandoning all his memories before his criminal experience. Indeed, at first he does not even recognize the existence of his family and suddenly loses his temper whenever someone suggests he is seeking counseling. Initially, it may seem a little exploit for filmmakers to be using the September 11 attacks as a storyboard. After all this, would not it be as devastating if Charlie's family had died in an everyday car accident? However, if you think the director's intention was to demonstrate the enormous pain caused by the tragedy to ordinary citizens, then "Reign Over Me" does a very good job. It's easy to be caught up by meaningless statistics that you neglect the emotional costs of terrorist attacks; this is the first 9/11 oriented film I've seen that really treated the suffering of those who were not even involved, whose only pain was caused by the loss of those they loved. Adam Sandler presents a surprising range in a difficult role, one that would have collapsed if it had not been accomplished. Immediately between joy, anger, and depression, Charlie Fineman is a deep-seated man, an empty soul, who, thanks to the friendship of an old friend, can finally illuminate the light at the end of a dark and gloomy tunnel.
