It might be spores! Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who has lost his family in a tragedy (the September 11 terrorist attacks), is still worried about their death. He goes to former college roommate, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and the two re-establish their friendship. Alan promises to help his old friend meet the terrible loss. This is a simplification of the basic story of reign over me. This movie is, however, a story about how fate interferes with our lives, when we ourselves can be powerless to do something about our states of existence. Alan is stuck in a life he knows he no longer fulfills. He feels unselfish and unrelated to his reality. He is not in a position to communicate with his wife and his associates at work. He can not express his feelings and, as a result, feels lost and away from his world. He has chances at Charlie on the streets of Manhattan while driving from his service. Eventually he meets and discovers that Charlie, who initially does not remember Alan, lives in a fake reality of him. Charlie returned to his life when he had no family. He lives as if he were still a student playing in a rock band, collecting vinyl records of 60s and 70s and playing video games. He escaped in a better and safer time in his life, where there are no bad boys and much less to lose. Everyone in this movie is affected in some way by the tragedy that affected Charlie and his remission in a different and better place (?) Previously. His master is his protector and a great advantage. His in-laws are taken out of his life because it would lead him back to the reality that his family has now gone from his life. Alan is the most affected by him because Alan wants to be (with a selfish desire to escape his own reality) to be with Charlie as a means of getting rid of his own submerged reality and then wants to find a way to help Let Charlie recover from his guilt and denial of loss. Through this relationship, not only is Charlie capable of healing, but also that Alan actually learns to communicate and to grasp the true desires with his associates at work, and ultimately is able to recognize his wife that he was not able to communicate his real feelings, but that he wants a lot because he loves her. It's actually a painful moment in the movie when things hit the fan and Charlie faces the reality of being put aside as he and Alan talk about the situation together over the "Chinese" Charlie says he is actually worried about Alan and himself. <br /> <br /> This movie, if you leave it, will take you to a river of emotions and let you think. He will laugh at the way Charlie uses his words, as people do in everyday life, to make a real comical statement about a real situation. It will leave you on the brink of tears (in my case, real tears), when Charlie faces pain and begins to deal with his immense loss. And, in fact, the tragic reality is guilt and his loss never left him, and he dealt with him in the way he knew: denial. This will cause you to curse the cold, neglected actions of a young prosecutor trying to win his "case" (as I actually did in Charlie's hearing!) And make you smile at a judge's sense old and wise, Stern, (Donald Sutherland, who is great in his brief distinct role and offers the best performance of a wise and courageous person in the profession of lawyer, since Wilford Brimley played a deputy general attorney in the absence of malice.) It was also amazing for me for several other reasons: (1) I did not look at my watch once during the movie's presentation. Which means that I had from the beginning to the end, (2) Although the distribution was interracial, this was not important for interpreting the roles of the characters in the film. The breed was a non-factor for the performance of the roles in this movie. Amazing people can actually interact with this fact being kicked out! and (3) the only real reference to 9/11 is when Charlie's financial attorney refers to the tragedy of Charlie's loss as "what became Charlie on 9/12." Time will be the real test of how this movie will be remembered in the future, but if the purpose of the film is not only to have fun, but to think and have the movie stay with you long after leaving the theater, then reign over me has succeeded phenomenally in what concerns me. I have not forgotten yet this wonderful provocative movie and I will look forward to the day I can buy it as a DVD.
