Reign Over Me is a success due to the strong work of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While dramatically evolving comedy actors have been considered somewhat entertaining, Sandler is no stranger to playing more serious roles. Most of the characters they portray have an unstable temperament and a vulnerability that can explode at any time. It could even be broadcast for characters with such hidden rage problems. However, this performance has a considerable dramatic weight, unlike its less comedy roles, such as Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. In the film, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) enters old college colleague, Charlie Finerman (Sandler), whom he has not seen for a few years. Five years ago, Charlie suffered the overwhelming loss of his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie barely recognizes the character of Cheadle, thanks to the suppression of his memories and childhood lifestyle, exclusively after the accident. It's not until Alan persists in engaging him in the conversation that Charlie remembers who he is. Their next renewed relationship will allow Finerman to have a friend who will not talk about his loss, eventually allowing him to confront the thoughts and feelings he has suppressed in his terms. Mike Binder does not look too much about the meaning of an individual style, and some of his blows and transitions are a little weird, he has the talent to get decent performance from his actors while he's a talented and funny writer. He shot this movie with a digital camera, as more and more filmmakers are making, allowing the crew to shoot night scenes with limited illumination. This has kept New York's colorful fires in the spotlight, but has led to the creation of a frequent digital grain that resembles the scattered blue patch that moves on the screen. Almost every main character in Reign Over Me offers great performance. Jada-Pinkett Smith and especially Liv Tyler are memorable in their roles as a frustrated wife to the character of Cheadle and a psychiatrist. However, Sandler and Cheadle offer some of the best works so far. They completely owned this movie. Sandler actually plays a character that does not look like or does not behave like himself, partly credited with Bob Dylan-esquire's wig. Although Cheadle's character has more screen time than Sandler, both should be considered to be major roles as they rely on each other and help each other throughout the film. Music also plays an important role in this film, especially the title of "Reign Over Me" or "Love, Reign O'er Me" by The Who and later covered by Pearl Jam. In one of the most powerful moments of the film, Binder shows Sandler using music to close his feelings and memories, but this melody provokes such intense excitement that he is emotionally excited, rather than diminishing his anger. Everyone, Reign Over Me is a pleasant, sad, but often funny movie, driven by its stunning performances.
