Love hurts. I think that is the main message of Mike Binder, the newest film, "Reign Over Me". Whether this love has made your relationship stagnant, or has brought anger from the one you have been misleading for years, or if you have broken your heart to the point where you can not open up in the world, the Great the thing about this film, however, is not about the portrayal of lost souls trying to leave past pains but in the event of the resumption of new bonds for the future. No one in this drama is perfect; they are all to some extent emotionally captured in relationships that they can not release themselves. There are heavy topic materials here, and I think Binder never makes the story of turning into a political diatribe, but infusing the real moments with some real comic bits that allow the story to remain a character and small relative to the epic an event that rises above the head. What could have become a tribute vehicle for our views on how 9-11 made us all ends up being a story about two men and a link they share, this being the only thing that can save life from a life of depression and regret. br /> <br /> This is a new career performance for Adam Sandler. I like to think that my favorite director, Paul Thomas Anderson, was the first to see the dreaded anger, in his mind, in his stupid comedies, as something to use dramatically. The minority of a character like Billy Madison allows laughter and humor, but it can also be used to show a repressed, shy and closed man for the world around him - a man who does not trust he needs a compassion event to destroy him shell. Anderson let Sandler do just in the masterpiece of Punch-Drunk Love, and Mike Binder did it one step further. Sandler plays the role of former dentist Charlie Fineman, whose wife and three children were killed in one of the 9-11 World Trade Center airplanes. This moment ruined any life he had and as a result he became reclusive and began to think that he could not remember anything of what had happened before that day. He really offers a moving portrait of a man who tries to end the job in the head, while those around him who love him try to open it up to the reality of what happened and the future . Always at the edge and ready to stop at any time when something is mentioned to spill the memory of his lost family, he passes his life with the iPod and headphones, closing everything to avoid being tempted to remember. <br /> <br /> Reign Over Me is not about Charlie Fineman, but about dentist and family man Alan Johnson. A man who got caught in a marriage and dental practice that has stagnated in monotony, Johnson needs so much help in his life as his colleague colleague in Charlie college. Perfectly played by brilliant Don Cheadle, Johnson has lost his spine to try to change his life. He has no friends, and when he sees Charlie, by chance, one day, his life evolves into something he did not feel in 15 years. He enjoys the chance to go out with an old friend, no matter how much he has changed since the death of his family. Cheadle's character wants to go back to college days, and Sandler does not mind because he was before he met his wife. The two men get what they want and let themselves approach, despite the years of loneliness that led their lives. Once they have started to open, however, it is inevitable that the subject of the tragedy sneak in and test the facade they have created for themselves. Supporting speech makes it a great place to work, helping to keep appearances for two leaders. Jada Pinkett Smith has never been an actress who has impressed me, and throughout the movie she played handsome naughty wife, but it's her final phone call with Cheadle who really showed me something different and true. Liv Tyler is a little bit of her psychiatrist, but the movie calls her on this and makes a gauntlet, perfect casting. Many small cameos are also effective, even the role of writer / director Mike Binder as Sandler's oldest friend and accountant, (my only gripe is why he feels the need to put his name in opening credits as an actor when he is everywhere, since it is his movie). Last but not least, is the beautiful Saffron Burrows. She is a great actress and plays it on a love-loving divorce, trying to put her wonderful life back. A role that at first seems to be comic relief, but it comes to an integral aspect of what's about to come. Binder has made one of the best dramatic character studies I've seen for a long time. The direction is almost flawless (the blur of the cuts and the background / background characters annoyed me at first), acting gorgeously and the true story, never taking the easy path or wrapping with a car tied to the end. Even the music was fantastic and was used to improve us, not to lead us emotionally (why after two great uses of the track titled The Who Binder felt the need to use Eddie Veddar's inferior remake for the end, no I know, but unfortunately it came out for me). Reign Over Me is a movie about love and how, although it can cause the greatest pain imaginable, it can rid ourselves of regret and allow us to see the world once more as a place of beauty and hope.
