This film was last seen at Paramount Theater in Austin as part of the SXSW Film Festival. We were thrilled by the presence of director Mike Binder and stars Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle who took audience questions after the film. It's a remarkable and powerful film about what it's like to lose and start finding your way back. Performances are phenomenal, and the story succeeds to be both tragic and fun, in a very rare way. (The movie trailer tries too little to highlight the comedic aspects.) This is a role for Adam Sandler. As he began to play more drastic roles with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish, this role is a significant step for him as a dramatic actor. He deserves an Oscar nomination, while continuing to play more dramatic roles than Tom Hanks and Jim Carrey. In this role, he seemed to try to channel Dustin Hoffman into Rain Man. Although the play of a person with autism is certainly quite different from Sandler's traumatized character, both characters for various reasons are trapped in their own worlds of isolation and childlike confusion. Don Cheadle's performance is less surprising, just as good. After Hotel Rwanda and Crash, we have come to expect outstanding remarkable performances from Cheadle. He has the qualities of sincerity and honesty that come into this role. But he is also broken and struggles if not in such profound ways as Sandler's character. Cheadle faces difficulties both in her marriage and in her professional life as a dentist. Together, the characters played by Cheadle and Sandler struggle to heal each other in the way they often make true friends (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting). They both look for that part of themselves that they have lost and trying to find it again. Reign over Me is one of the best studio films to be released this year. The soundtrack, which is almost another character in the plot, is wonderful. Filming on the streets of New York - a city that has suffered a great tragedy and had to heal itself - is also quite beautiful. The supporting roles of Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows (in a strange role), Donald Sutherland and Mike Binder are all very good. Writer / Director Mike Binder has really released the story that so many will be able to connect to many levels. This is a story about pain, family, healing, male friendship, mental health, and the meaning of love. The King over Me does not disappoint. The film is almost hypnotic because it attracts you into the life of its characters. Hollywood would have a much better reputation if it made more charming films, like Reign over Me.
