Everyone is certainly familiar with this most famous story? a heartless businessman is visited by his dead partner's ghost on Christmas Eve and warned that if he continues in his rude ways, then he will be sentenced to a later life in chains. In order to avoid the fate of his partner, he is visited by three spirits who show him the visions of Christmases past, present and from now on, so that he can hopefully see the error of his ways before it is too late. A fairly morbid story might think, but it is the classic Charles Dickens and also one of the most famous and popular Christmas stories of all time. For me, this is the definitive version of Dickens' story, which I always remember at school, and I remember that I was absolutely frightened of it! "Jacob Marley's Phantom, the final scene with the Christmas ghost under the bridge, and the ghost (For non-British readers, "U" is the lowest rating, it means friendly families and welcome children, nothing to scare them, etc.). .. Certainly this is not the case, however, because some younger children will undoubtedly find the terrifying positive ending segment with the specter of the gloomy buyer of the future of Christmas. Because of many versions of this classic story that I saw fit for the film, this is probably the most faithful book. In particular, it includes a rare section in film adaptations from the original text - that of the present Christmas ghost that shows Scrooge to the two kids hidden under his coat (you would never have escaped a scene like this nowadays!). children are Negligence and Needs (although they have changed to I want to see this movie). However, criticism for me becomes visible, looking again with more objective and trained eyes, the main one being George C. Scrooge's presentation by Scott does not seem to be cold enough. He laughs too much. I do not want to use the word cheerful, for, of course, Ebeneezer is nothing but, but he seems to be just an elderly old man, rather than the dishonest, cold and noble man who is in the book and other films. Patrick Stewart played them excellent in one of the latest films, and Michael Caine, despite acting alongside Muppets, was cool. Moreover, the character's development during the film, while he learns more about the error of his ways and rising to redemption, is not convincing and seems inconsistent. It seems to have changed very little with the attainment of the third lesson of the spirit of the third spirit. But ignoring this (though important), it is still a thriving Christmas story and, ultimately, Christmas Movies should be. London, of course, looks like a pictorial scenic picturesque, snow-covered city, which many Americans probably imagine it is still (the truth is that then London was gray and dirty, and any snow would never have been so white! ) And everyone is so impeccably dressed, even the poor people looked rather daring. But of course it's a Christmas movie, why should not it all look nice? Perfect viewing of the holiday season; coupled with children of wonderful life, miracle on 34th street and snowman and you have everything you need.
