This modern, noir movie with a clumsy humor and a staggering plot of plot reversals offers a story full of surprises, dangerous characters and great fun from start to finish. It is impossible not to empathize with the honest and hard hero or to be caught by the ways in which he tries to sail his way out of the terrible situations in which he is, so all you can do is fix the seat belt and you enjoy the walk. The story of an ordinary guy who makes a bad decision and then finds that repercussions lead them to enter an uncontrollable sequence of events they can not release is pure-film. The same applies to the themes of crime, deception, corruption and duplication, which are permeable throughout life. Many of the familiar noir visuals are also present, such as how cigarette smoke is lit, rain drenched at night in the streets, heavily shaded interiors, and shadow lines (easily created by the doors) along of people's faces. Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), a wounded veteran of wageless money or a job, stops at a bar in Red Rock, Wyoming and is confused by Wayne Brown's owner (JT Walsh) for a hit man who arranged to hire him to kill his wife, Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, a naturally reluctant person, does nothing to destroy Wayne of his mistakes, especially because he could use his job and he does not know what he should do at first. After being told what his mission is and was given a $ 5,000 advance, she goes to see Suzanne and warns her of Wayne's plan. He does not seem too worried about the dangers he has and gives Michael a double tax that Wayne has offered to remove her husband. Michael decides to take the money he has received from both sides and leaves the city. His plan fails, however, when he accidentally enters a man who is in the middle of the road and decides to take him to the hospital to receive treatment for his injuries. At the hospital, things get complicated when the patient appears to be Suzanne's lover and has two bullets in his stomach. This leads to the involvement of local policemen and the revelation that Wayne is the sheriff! From this point of view, things become even more complicated and also certainly more dangerous, especially when the real character hit, Lyle in Dallas (Dennis Hopper) gets to the stage. "Red Rock West" moments of suspense, (an example of Michael's escape from Wayne's bar), as well as some extraordinary performances on his part. Nicolas Cage's expressions are extremely natural and convincing because he reacts to a variety of situations with anxiety, surprise or uncertainty, and J T Walsh is also particularly good as a deceptive character who always hides more than he says. Dennis Hopper is extremely threatening, as the vicious partner of the contract (a role he plays with great taste) and Lara Flynn Boyle look cool and calculated as fatal females. Dwight Yoakam also offers good support and humor moments in his role as a camel driver without nonsense. Incredibly, "Red Rock West" was originally intended to be refused a general cinematic version, but it has justified emerged from modest beginnings to eventually be recognized as a great movie that is indeed.
