Red Rock West is one of those thrillers with tight noir that we rarely see. It is a great shame, it acted well and does not leave us with free heads or unanswered questions so typical of that kind. Nicolas Cage plays Michael, a sleepy man in Texas, quite desperate for a job he leads to Wyoming for a possible job. He is honest at a mistake, but always on the dark side of fate. When he did not get a paid job, Michael stops at Red Rock, where Wayne (JTWalsh) is wrong, was called from Dallas, hired to do in his beautiful but lethal wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Wayne gives Michael the necessary details and a down payment for the Suzie adultery. Without the intent to follow, Michael accepts the money and then wishes to alert Suzanne of her imminent death. He also sends a letter to the local sheriff expressing the plot and dividing it. As fate would dictate, Michael will not get away with it so easily. While leaving in a violent storm, he breaks Suzannes's lover. Michael, of course, being Michael, goes to the local hospital where he discovered he was shot. The sheriff is called and as luck would be, Wayne is the local law. Michael manages to escape as he is taken to the final road and is then picked up by the real "Lyle of Dallas," played with an amazing murder by Dennis Hopper. After discovering that they are marines, Lyle insists that Michael join him for a drink, where else, the Red Rock Bar. There Wayne realizes his mistake, and soon he and Lyle are looking for Michael, who falls voluntarily into Suzannes' arms. As the rhythm rises, we find that Wayne and Suzanne are really willing to be armed robbers for a million dollar theft. Making money now becomes the central focus of movies with a series of betrayal, double crosses and crimes. The film was very well distributed. Nicolas Cage was usually low, Dennis Hopper and Lara Flynn Bolye assumed roles with more than ample skills. The best performance was at the end of J.T. Walsh, who was threatening without being. Walsh was an extraordinary character actor who left us too soon. Marc Reshosky's photography has used many unique angles that have contributed to the development of the suspense and the park. The film was also enhanced by John Dahl's directorial style and Morris Chestnut's rapid editing.
