From the directors of "Last Seduction" and "Kill me again", there is another movie in the noir style. John Dahl created a niche for himself making films about adultery, blackmail in the early 90's. Although I did not have much opinion on the last seduction. But nowadays, Mr. Dahl has turned to channel television. It's a shame because the man has talent. *** SPOILERS ** This is an impressive film revolving around a Cage in Wyoming City for a job. However, he does not prove lucky and becomes mistaken for a man-hit by Texas by J. T Walsh Bar owner. He has the task of killing his wife (Boyle). But Cage decides to divide after he has made the advance payment without doing it. On the way out of town he accidentally hits a guy on the road, then returns to the local hospital. At that time, Cage meets again with Walsh, who also appears to be the local sheriff. After that, Cage escapes from his claws, but he meets the real blow that happens to be Dennis Hopper. John Dahl co-wrote and directed this film. Therefore, it turns out that a project can prove to be decent when a director puts his thoughts on the screen. Direction is a good standard, but while watching the movie, I made a TV movie feeling. There were too many frames. However, this does not prevent the movie from being a pleasant experience. The film had a good rhythm and the structure was perfect. Dahl wrote the script with a lengthy length. Cage played the role as a realistic coach, although for me his performance seemed somewhat restricted. His facial expressions were on the brink. Lara Flynn Boyle was hot and treated her role as fatal women. Her hairstyle was far away and can make any guy go to his knees. Hopper played his role well. But I feel it was mistaken for this role. He does not convince me he has the qualities of a man to hit. The role was not written in keeping his personality. <br /> <br /> While watching one, you'll already get vu of previous movies like "The Hot Spot" and "A Perfect Murder". Due to the fact that some sublots are similar. Generally, if you're a fan of noir movies, then it's for you. It's worth the recommendation. 7/10
