An excellent example of "cowboy noir", as it was called, in which unemployed Michael (Nicolas Cage) loses his job because he insists on being honest (he has a boom foot). With nothing else he can do it, he decides he will lie to you once. When he enters a bar, and Wayne's owner (late JT Walsh) mistakes him as a character that Wayne has hired him to make in his young, sexy wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle in good shape), Michael plays and accepts Waynes' money. * Then * goes to Suzanne and informs her of her husband's intentions and accepts her * money * to get rid of Wayne! If that did not complicate things enough, the real hit character, "Lyle in Dallas" (Dennis Hopper, in a perfect role for him), appears and Michael has even more troubles than before. > "Red Rock West" gets a lot of places. Director John Dahl, who co-wrote the script with his brother Rick, was intelligent in realizing the potential of a story in a truly isolated small town that may have seen better days and where residents might be involved any kind of schemes. It's also a fun idea about the kind of issues a sincere person could enter if they decided to give up their principles and give up any level of temptation. It's a dark and dark story with a number of main characters who, if not corrupt, have been at least morally compromised like Michael. Lighting by the cinematographer Marc Reshovsky is superb in mood; even the climax set in a cemetery gives a morbid quality pleasing to the whole thing. Even if the writing is not particularly "logical or credible", the film has a beautiful way to intrigue the viewer and attract them inside. Cage has a good lead job, but co-stars have an old old time sinking their teeth in their meat characters and motivation. Hopper, Boyle and Walsh are fun to look at these parts. Timothy Carhart and Dan Shor are good as Walsh's deputies (in a single overturn, Walsh is also the local sheriff) and there is a fun parto of the country and western star Dwight Yoakam, who also pays the movie with a perfect final belief tune. <br /> <br /> It's a pretty good movie worth checking out. It moves forward at an impressive pace and if nothing else is certainly boring. <br /> <br /> 8/10
