What we have here is a fairly good thirty-nine thriller that, although devoid of substance, still offers great entertainment throughout its lifetime and generally does everything you could ever do to make a movie of this the nature. I saw this movie mainly because it was directed by John Dahl - a highly underestimated director behind big thrillers such as The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I realized that if this movie was to the standard of what we've already seen from the director, you'd better look - and Red Rock West is certainly a movie that Dahl can be proud of. Complot focuses on Michael excessively moral; a man who travels to America in search of a job. He starts to find him one day when he stops at a bar in Red Rock County - but he finds out that the task is to kill a man's wife. It was wrong for a murderer named Lyle, but instead of doing his job; he plays both sides against each other and eventually intends to make an escape. However, his attempts to escape failed and he is in a bad situation when true Lyle returns ... John Dahl seems to enjoy thrillers on the road; he did it three years earlier, with Kill Me Again, and again nearly a decade from this movie with Roadkill. It is not hard to understand why Dahl chooses this type of location because it offers a fabulous atmosphere for a thriller similar to it. Dahl also offers his film a "noir film", in which the plot focuses mainly on the central character and the word in which it is clogged is full of dark and mysterious characters. The act is largely good, with Nicholas Cage doing a great job in the lead role and getting class A support from Lara Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and, of course, Dennis Hopper; which once again orders the screen with its top performances. We have to say that the second half of the movie is not as exciting as the first, but Red Rock West is certainly never boring, and the way Dahl orchestrates the great finale is excellent in that all the central characters become part of she. In general, Red Rock West is a movie that you probably do not regret. It's thrilling all the time and you can not ask for more!
