"Red Rock West" was far from one of the best suspense thrillers of the 1990s, with a superb script (by John and Rick Dahl), which kept you guessing all along and on the edge of the seat for the most of the film. He was brilliantly directed by John Dahl and had a wonderful cast, including Nicolas Cage, Dennis Hopper, Lara Flynn Boyle and especially JT Walsh (in a memorable show), making this a riveting and captivating thriller that should not be missed . The film has never had much publicity about releasing (actually, I've got it on TV) and is therefore one of those special stones you have to look for, but this unique movie is now slowly earning a cult following. > <br /> Nicolas Cage is Michael Williams, who is broken and does not work when he is in the little town of Red Rock. Wrong for a murderer named Lyle in Dallas, he is shocked to be offered $ 10,000 to kill Wayne Brown's bar owner (excellent J. T. Walsh). He plays along with the plan and decides he should go and warn Brown's wife, Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle), but then the plot gets bigger and there are so many twists, turns and surprises - and double transactions - Cage is thrown from one crisis to another and trapped in a terrible situation he can not retreat from! Then, just to complicate matters, the real Lyle returns to commit the contract (played by Dennis Hopper, the favorite of everyone). When Hopper discovers what happened, he goes after Cage, but nobody can look for the surprising events that follow. Some of the favorite lines in the movie: Nicolas Cage (Lara Flynn Boyle): "I do not like to see an innocent woman get hurt, but it's a bunch of money." <br /> <br /> J. T. Walsh (to Cage): "Michael Williams, Michael, you'll spend some time with us until we get to the bottom." Boyle (at Cage): "Are not you a criminal?" Cage: "That's right, no, but the guy he's supposed to be driving in town, so you have to get out of here." Boyle (to Cage): "OK How are you? To explain a killer and get $ 10,000 from my husband?" An amazingly fun little thriller (just 98 minutes), with a story that never leaves and does not work forcefully by all directors. Any film with J. T. Walsh is O.K. in my book and "Red Rock West" was one of the best. How sad it was that this exceptional actor career was tragically cut short by a heart attack in 1998. The most prolific period for the noir was undoubtedly the forties, but "Red Rock West" is a good modern example of the genre jumped in my "Top Ten" list of all my favorite movies. I look forward to more than that to director John Dahl. 10/10. Clive Roberts. <br /> <br />
