Ealing Studios, a West London-based television and film production company, claims to be the oldest film studio in the world. Although he continued to create films and television programs of the 1930s, its golden age was certainly between 1948 and 1955 when he produced a series of masterpieces of comedy, many with great Alec Guinness role. Such titles well-known include "Whiskey Galore! (1949)," Passport to Pimlico "(1949)," Hearts and Coronets (1949) "" The Lavender Hill Mob "(1951)." One of the most beloved movies of Ealing Studio, "The Man in a White Suit", was released in 1951 and starred as Alec Guiness, Sidney Stratton, a brilliant inventor who produces remarkable fabric, an invention that unexpectedly makes him more enemies than friends. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is poor and unappreciated, but he has a great talent in science. Due to his subchapter, the only jobs he can get as a goalkeeper or worker at any one of large textile factories, which carries out its own secret experiments using the company's own money and equipment. After being found out and many times, Sidney is convinced that it is only a few weeks away from od scientific escort that will bring a revolution in the textile industry. Encouraged by her daughter, Daphne (Joan Greenwood), the owner of the textile factory, Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker), has a special interest in Sidney's exploits and agrees to finance any other work. After numerous failed attempts and several explosions scattered the ground, Sidney finally reveals its stunning creation: a white fabric close enlightened does not get dirty and never wear again. If Sidney thought his invention made him a hero, then he was very disappointed. The almighty bosses in the textile industry, led by Sir John Kierlaw (Ernest Thesiger), unite to ensure that the revolutionary invention, which could ruin its businesses, never goes into production. Also, the humble laborers of the workers' union have heard about Sidney's creation and also started to wipe it out of existence, fearing for their job. The inventor is still convinced that sustainable fabric will bring much relief and happiness and refuse to give up the demands of others, despite being threatened with violence and offered compensation of 250,000 euros. Along with all his problems of announcing his invention to the media, only one person gives Sidney total sympathy and support, Birnley's daughter, Daphne, who is committed to marry someone else but falls in love of Sidney's situation anyway. Man in the White Suit is a smart and fun comedy done through a spell-filled script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick) and a strange and charismatic interpretation of an original Alec Guinness. There are also some good capitalism fuss about how big industries can impede progress for their monetary situations, although certainly we can see arguments for both sides of the debate.
