In my mind the best comedies Ealing and one of my favorite movies of all time. The theme of the v. Management (with a lot of talks about trade unions and rights) probably dates the film a bit now, because it is not a subject that is so much discussed, but it does not stop "White Suit" from being a spectacle that stops classic. The plot, about a man trying to create a new revolutionary fabric that turns into the textile industry, does not sound interesting when it's written, but the film retains that essential spark of mixed fantasy with the reality that marks it as a true Ealing comedy. Fabric rejects dirt and can never be used! Alec Guinness's white titled costume during the second half becomes the centerpiece of many iconic images and sequences, such as Guinness's ability to use his indestructible thread to scale a pure wall! The script itself is full of dry spirit - "Is it okay?" "Yes." "Mercy." - and characterization is the first rate. I am always amazed at the wonderful direction in these films. Comedies of later epochs will adopt a "film mentality to the actors and let it spin," but Ealing's films have always tried to make interesting illumination and angles and innovations. This movie is no exception. Of course, it's the distribution that raises the material to dizzying heights. Alec Guinness offers a fantastically undervalued performance with eyes that transmit miracles, joy and crushing defeats whenever the story asks. Stratton is a man who does not realize everything except his work. Such insularity could have quickly become boring or irritating, but Guinness makes him so pleased that the closure stages of the film create a real sense of urgency as Stratton tries to get to the top of a world that wants to bury everything he ever worked for. Joan Greenwood plays another role for female roles and it's an absolute pleasure to watch as usual as I see Cecil Parker and Michael Gough; everyone laughs without trying. The British comedy concept is the best. <br /> <br /> "The man in white suit" has 81 minutes of brilliance, with a wonderful plot, a great distribution, a brilliant and a dollop of cynicism. Absolute top notch.
