One of the things that makes this Ealing comedy so amusingly fun is smart editing. Shots that would be considered absolutely essential for the most modern comedies are deliberately left. (This is what was known as British underestimation.) Three instances: A comic fight is edited like this. Alec Guiness invented a new cloth that will destroy the industry. Half a dozen businessmen invite him to the office to try and make him sign a contract by giving up control over the cloth so that production can be suppressed. As he grasps it, Guiness rises and returns to the door. Two people are blocking their way. "Excuse me," he says quietly, taking a step forward. The two men move between Guinness and the room. Cut. A secretary stands in front of the office. There is silence until the beep starts to signal it. She takes her notebook and opens the door to the inside office, where a noisy Donnybrook is in progress and the room is half destroyed. Guinny gives the door open. The following example would be inconceivable today. During the research phase of his invention, Guiness sets up an elaborate chemical apparatus, but instead of turning the experimental fluid into a new cloth, the device explodes. Again and again it explodes. The lab is released from all the other works. Explosions continue. The ceilings fall. The windows are blown. The research director is seated at his office in a small office full of scraps, a bandage on his head. When the door behind him opens, he lowers one foot into the air. "Sit down," he tells his visitor, "it's still there anytime." It's funny - and there's no single blow to the explosion. This would be unimaginable now without a fireball and maybe a building that collapses in slow motion. The last example, consisting of a series of quick and uninterrupted cuts, was put together. Guinness is being watched and is sprawled in the lobby of an office building by people who want to sign the contract. Faced with two men about to fight him, Guiness sustains with determined expression. He hit a pedestal with an iron bust on it. The bust worsens in the back and hits the wall. There is a blow lasting about a second from the bust that hits the wall. Another short stroke of a metal shield hanging over the bust, which rubs and falls down. Rapid cut to the head of Guiness, which rises in the frame. Cut the two men looking in the camera, while the brave sound of brass and the angry sounds are heard from the screen. Cut the Guiness back. No one today would have the coyons NOT to show that Guinness is crowned by that shield. I will not continue this. It's a good comedy, but a bitter comedy, with all the hilariousness. In solving a set of problems, Guinness has created dozens of other people. He opposes both leadership and labor, none of which is very advantageous. And, of course, the economic implications have to do with more than a cloth. - But the car running on the water with a tip of something or something in it? one of the workers asks. "Interests interested," comments another worker, as Thorstein Veblen nods in the grave. What would happen if our energy problems were solved overnight? If I had Exxon's shares - and I think I do - I would have been trembling. Where would the oil industry be if there was no need for oil? For example, where would the police and the FBI be if the crime would suddenly disappear? This is a thoughtful and very funny, directed and edited movie. The list of performers is incessant. Joanne Greenwood with that loud voice. Cecil Parker. Ernest Thesiger mummies the sock. <br /> <br /> A first class job throughout your life.
