The man in the white suit, as if I am JACK, has a clear view of work and capital. Alec Guinness is a scientific genius - but an eccentric one (he did not get his university degree because of an accident ... err ... in a college lab). He manages to push himself into various industrial laboratories in the textile industry. When the film starts, he is in the company of Michael Gough, and Gough (in a memorable moment) tries to impress former Cecil Parker by showing him the company he leads. During lunch with Parker's daughter and Parker (Joan Greenwood), Gough receives a message about some of the problems with the unexpectedly large budget problems of the lab. He reads the huge expense (due to Guinness's experiments) and doubts his coffee. Guinness continues to work at Parker's firm and repeats the same tricks he did with Gough, but Parker discovers him. Greenwood discovered what Guinness is working on and convinces Parker to continue the experiments (but now legally). The result: Guinness and his assistant have apparently discovered how to make an artificial fiber that can constantly change electronic bonds within its molecular structure so that (for all intents and purposes) the fiber remains tactful forever. Any textile product in it will never disappear, dirty or wear - it will last forever. Guinness has the support of a female store steward, but not her boss. He sees Guinness as sold to the rich. But when he explained what he had done, they turned against him. If everyone has clothes that will last forever, then they will not need new clothes! Soon, Parkers's textile monsters (led by Gough, Ernest Theisinger - in a wonderful performance and Howard Marion-Crawford) are just as panic-stricken by what can end their business. They seek to suppress the invention. With only Greenwood in his corner (though Parker sympathizes with him), Guinness is trying to get the news of his discovery to the public. Eventually, Guinness is defeated by science as well as greed. But he ends the movie seeing the error in his calculations and we think one day he could still get his discovery, after all. It's a brilliant comedy. But is the argument for valid suppression? At a certain point, the difficulties of making textiles (you have to heat the threads at a high temperature to allow the ends of the material to be knit together) are shown. There is nothing to show that the fabric will stretch if the owner gets fat if the owner gets thin) We have to think that people would just like a set of clothing forever What happened to fashion changes and new styles And the cloth is made in white only (making Guinness look like a white Knight is said to color paint should be added earlier in the process. Would it have no effect on chemical reactions that maintain the structure of the material? Unfortunately, this is not a scientific work, but a film about the hypocrisy of force work and capital in modern industry as such is brilliant, but the questions I am mentioning in connection with the validity of the suppression of Guinness's invention
