Contains * spoilers * - Also, my quotes may not be accurate. Everyone always observes satire in social commentary and economic parallels - how true. But for me, I see this movie much more than that. I like the symbol of this guy in a bright white suit. There is so much confusion and dirt in the world around him, but he will not stick. Alec Guiness was the perfect guy to play this - his boyfriend battles and eternal curiosity are so suited: "It's ingenious - can you tell me, what is the ratio of ink to gas?" The only moment of defeat is the moment when he realizes that his invention did not work at all - almost empty. However, more than shame is the simple disappointment that "it did not work". He has never been intimidated by people. Remember, but Sidney, we want to stop him. "<br /> <br /> Only a few moments of hesitation before he begins to escape again. Does he show any sign of pain that such betrayal must cause? <br /> <br /> Also, Dapne's role is notable, she is sick and tired of money and power, she thinks she has found love outside her father's father. and he turns back to see if he can kill her - and yet still thinks only of the beauty of his invention, and finally finds something he thinks deserves to live in. The funny thing is that it's not even romantic. friendship, but of such an ephemeral nature that the title almost does not fit.It is more admiration and maybe even inspiration.After discovering that Michael has no real love for her and that her father is completely incompetent to occupy of e she cynically tries and tries to shake Sidney. Fortunately, she finds that there are really people in this world who live for more than power, money, and lust. What's refreshing: "Thank you Sidney If you said yes, I think I would have strangled you." I like it a lot, when all this crazy business seems to have come to nothing. But then strange bizarre battle begins and Sidney goes out, and his step fits in with the song: no joy. Where is Daphne? We do not really know - but they were not really in love and not a scientist. He helped escape and got "a shot in the arm of hope." (Pollyanna) An account relationship would have been nice, but Billy Joel says "it's more than I hoped ..." <br /> <br />
