"Deliverance" is a deadly example of what wonderful movies came out of the '70s. While your jaw is dropped during a "Terminator" movie, are you really sacred? I do not think, because you're there to see what new CGIs have gathered together - it's not a plot. So many daily situations can become terrifying for no reason, because there are many people involved in everyday life - like a trip to the market ..... or a walk in a poorly lit street. "Deliverance" is so frightening, because those innocent actions can become deadly in a heart rhythm. Venturing in the woods is a frolic in fun? Whoever has this notion does not read the newspapers, watch the daily news, and neither sees any of the other films describing the gravity of the "violation" in territories where foreigners are not welcome. It's almost unbelievable that the "Deliverance" antenna did not inform almost everyone that he saw that he was not a picnic and "sneak like a pig" is not part of the "Deulling Banjos". I hate the term "hillbillies," because - as some "users" have written - that distorts entire regions of people who are very pleased to live as they know - without the interference of modern life. Many are made of "inbreeding" - this is not the sexuality specific to the spiders. "Chinatown" should teach us this lesson. However, city slickers are extremely stupid to enter a closed society and give them attitude. I know a lot of "hillbillies" - they are moral people when they are left in their turn. Their "justice" can be brutal when they feel threatened or humiliated, just like "justice" on the streets of the city. They do not need any part of the city - the city should go rafting and camping to legal sites. "Deliverance" was the last movie I found Jon Voight doing any real action - I hope I'm wrong. He was extremely poorly paid for "Midnight Cowboy," because he was unknown, but he showed he could do this role when a hat fell out. His actor in "Deliverance" was superb. It has given us a clear demonstration that ordinary people can move mountains if necessary - but who wants to be thought of as "ordinary" today? His stifling chokedness at dinner was brilliant. Wow! for Burt Reynolds !!! Do you have to ask what guided him in other sticky movies? His manlism, though wrong in this film, has set the pace of resistance necessary to get him out of the wild - not only in the woods, but in the wilderness of everyday life. Ned Beatty was a stellar - his underwear would have had a "Versace" seam, but the performance of the shell was perfect. As mentioned, he became stronger than any other group until the end of the film. Ronny Cox played the moral man on the handle - every man should have his determination to do what is right. Several "users" claimed to have been shot or lost their balance when they entered the river - my theory is that he was so disgusted with the entire journey that he committed suicide. There was no gun fire during the scene, and Voight and Beatty did not find a wound. James Dicey certainly knows to hang a suspense story and was great as the sheriff - he says he was so afraid of action, he came to drink every day. His character could have seen that the three canoes were guilty of survival, but they knew they had no chance against a local jury no matter how kindly they were treated in Aintry. He was also aware that the greatest of the locals could be cruel. Justice? - "do not come back here again." Not many "users" knew that "hillbillies" were used in the movie where it was possible - which actors could imagine better? "Mountain Men" were actually mountain people ... Every detail of this movie was perfect - no doubt it was dangerous to play. Play? Better fight for your life. I have experienced some near-dangerous incidents and I am happy to live outside the area - guys who feel like the man who feels you can play my part. <br /> <br /> We have absolutely killed - and we continue to do this - irreplaceable areas of this country. Being able to see greatness on any media is enthusiastic, but leaves a bitter taste to realize that some do not care about it. Los Angeles, where I live, is a perfect example: it is built in the wild for wild animals and believes strongly that people come before the animals. These are their legitimate habitats - we should let them be just that. Any wonder why coyotes and bears and wolves are walking in neighborhoods? They are theirs. In some less threatening ways, we need to experience the lessons learned in Deliverance - to understand that our advancement in technology does not lead to supremacy. I thank all those slickers in the city who went out into the wilderness to produce this modern classic so they can scare me when they watch it. You can have a sense of danger - I'll stay on the TV. 30-out-of-10.
