Deliverance is John Boorman's 1972 film about a group of four businessmen in Atlanta (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox) who are making a canoe trip on the Cahulawassee River before the river is blocked. Over time, men meet with a cork (without a blow) of unpleasant things. In spite of the ugly occurrences of this image, Boorman captures the natural beauty of the river. The location was really chosen. Indeed, it would still be a very nice movie to watch if the canoe trip went smoothly. Lush forests and gentle landscapes make horror more horrible. Not only is the location scenic but also beautiful, thanks to the cinema Vilmos Zsigmond. It has been said that Burt Reynolds' performance as Lewis is the role that plays the lead role in this film. But I think Jon Voight steals the show with his role as a suburban family man, Ed, who is quickly forced to change his behavior to survive. In fact, the rock climbing scene was not a stuntman. Voight was himself. To reduce costs, filming was not secured and the actors made their own stunts. The soundtrack is particularly remarkable. The performances of Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel on guitar and banjo as part of the Dueling Banjos sequence remain one of the most amazing soundtrack tracks in the history of cinema for the intense intensity of his performance. At some other points in the movie, we are treated with more soft, banjo music that offers a very pleasant ride on the river. For all the good points of this movie, it seemed to me a bit unobtrusive. It's not in suspense very well and it's not really as frightening as we were convinced to believe. The plot itself is somewhat poor and does not work at all. However, this movie has plenty of good points to get my recommendation. I liked it, but for the fans of the gorilla, it's not too much. None, actually. It's not so much a horror movie as an adventure film that turns a bit sour. Think of it as in Rambo: The first blood encounters three men in a boat. You are looking for a very young Charley Boorman as Ed's son. I liked this movie, soundtrack, cinema and acting earned her well worth 7 out of 10.
