- It all depends on you, Ed? "Now you go to play the game." The day my father left my mother, he took me to see this movie with his new girlfriend on the opening day at Hollywood Dome Cinerama. I was only fourteen. I do not even know what I was seeing, but I will never forget it, especially at the scene with Ned Beatty. Watching her today, thirty-six years later, he gives me more. My father was a big fan of Burt Reynolds, so he stayed in line for almost an hour to watch what was supposed to be an action movie. I've seen two movies at Dome before this: "Grand Prix" and "The Song of Norway". Well, this was not exactly Mario Andretti or The Brady Bunch. After I left the theater, I was shocked by the shell. But even at that young age, I appreciated the talent ... and after seeing me again today, I am surprised to see that I was seeing a distorted but extremely well-worked film. Suffice it to say that it was a traumatic experience for a fourteen-year-old boy who has not yet kissed her first girlfriend. I do not blame my father because you took me, but it was a little too much for a child to confess. As an adult, I still think it is quite disturbing, yet I am still very impressed with the quality of the film. Burt Reynolds is an absolute miracle, just like all the principles ... from Billy Redden, like the intact guitar, to Ronny Cox as a frightened insurer ... everybody does an admirable job. Sound quality is the second for none, from screaming birds to beating clocks. Photography, cinema ... all the technical aspects of this remarkable film are the first. The moral questions raised from the killing of the sexual aggressors to the consequences of treating the killing of a human being remain as profound today as they did when the revolutionary film was released. And the classic sequences of trying to survive in the wilderness after being treated with such unpredictable brutality are life-altering. These four men, city-men, who suddenly faced a situation he never imagined, raised the bar from action to horror. It's a classic to be sure. And the phrase "have a beautiful mouth" was quoted from the end of Saturday night Live to the off-the-cuff comments around the water cooler at work, this film is undoubtedly a large part of the culture our social pop ... just as much as "Make Me a Day" or "I'll Come Back" have ever been. So what would you do if you found out that your friends are sexually assaulted by gunmen by the mountain people away from your life in the city, comfortable bed, wife and children? And if you took the measures that Burt Reynolds did (and I would do the same), would you bury your body under the lake to be, or will you be judged and you will have the chances? The bottom line is: Deliverance delivers. You can take her to the bank. If this movie is not under the skin, then you are not human. Even if you have seen this before, rent it again and ask your question above. <br /> <br /> My favorite part of the movie remains the same: Ed does not succeed in killing the deer ... then to change. Unpredictable life and circumstances can change a man. And I assume this is what this movie does about Jon Voight, in particular, as Ed, which offers the best performance here. And he remains one of the most talented actors in Hollywood history, from Cowboy from midnight to the highly underestimated interpretation of Franklin D. Roosevelt in Pearl Harbor, and his role is the widening of the film to another level. Climbing the stones at dusk, frightened and determined to do it correctly It must be seen to be believed. I guarantee that the heart rate will be raised to a new level. Briskly paced, tense, stretched and tightly drawn like a string of banjo, this is a morality game that puts questions that remain today. Time has changed, but our choices as human beings do not. Ten out of ten.
