When a movie shocks you with the disturbing, frightening atmosphere and lures you with a stunning movie, you just know that you've come across a masterpiece, a masterpiece of a movie. Although with the most modern movies, extremely pleasing, as some of them, the ones that make you focus are the most powerful and are the ones that are most appreciated and especially stay with you for a lifetime. I say proudly that I am a fan of bothering movies, not just horror films, but also those that send a vibrant, full of transformation. Movies like Breakdown and The Missing, which send a cold on the back, making you believe that "holy nonsense that could happen to me" and you are eye-catching, are there with some of my favorite aspects, a movie. Because I'm only 21 years old, I have not grown up with actors like Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatty, though I'm familiar with them, I did not want them to grow and go as actors, unlike actors such as Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. I have to say that after a lot of hype and confession for the first time, I was so admired by these veteran actors in a movie made more than 30 years ago and still lives the terror in competition with modern movies. Burt Renyolds plays Lewis, the macho leader of a group of four friends, on a canoe trip on a fictional river before making a dam, filling the entire savage into the water. Renyold's character is an experienced adventurer, a kind of nonsense and full of machismo. I'm thinking of putting on the hard guy, making me think of him differently as an actor, as I just saw him as an old boy or an angry politician. The dialogue the director gives to his character gives him enough bad luck to prove himself as a powerful and even intimidating leader. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty play as novice adventurers, namely Drew and Bob, joining for the fun of a canoe trip. The actor I liked to see was Jon Voight, again I just saw him as an older actor, however, unlike Renyolds, I really liked Voight's voice (and not I look at Anaconda when I say that) national treasure films. Voight interprets Ed, who, like Lewis, is experienced in adventures, but is seen as a more reserved character, a hero / reluctant leader, and certainly has no machismo to Lewis. The movie opens with the four guides in a small town while asking to find someone to drive their cars to the bottom of the river while the canoe is rolling and moving along the river. Get a ghastly glimpse of the hillbilly characters we're introduced to, like the baby-dressed infant "Dueling Banjo's" at the start of Ronny Cox's Drew; and more, the two mountain people in the pivotal movies and the rape scene disorder. As with all atmospheric films, at this time, fear and confusion fill both the characters and the audience, and here we see that the characters are formed and change their shape. The canoeing trip is well shot and people here fight against human and nature's survival. The cinematicity of the film does not leave behind, and I back that commentary with the scene where Ed is fighting with a composer bowman man. When Ed descends one of his arrows and observes that his enemy is approaching him, he throws his rifle just to pull the floor when he falls down with an arrow in his neck; it was possible to be the biggest movie piece I've ever seen in a movie. In the end, Deliverance is a movie that has the fright and atmosphere that leads to mood and so far remains one of the best movies in cinematic history.
