This is one of the greatest movies ever made. It's classic all the time. The character performed by Ned Beatty suffers from one of the biggest screen changes ever portrayed. He is an insurance seller with superficial surfaces, almost useless, overweight. He is proud of his ignorance and yet judges "hicks backward" as ignorant. When he compliments the old man on his hat and the old man answers, "you do not know anything", "it rings, it's true, he does not know anything." But one later sells anal rape later, man is basically a warrior. His fake superficial bravado is healed in a serious decision. The old self is dead forever, left in some far from the forest, soon under hundreds of meters of water. And what about Lewis, our brave guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior, and he's just about nuts. Burt Reynolds turned out to be an actor in 1972 in this film, completing this wonderful role. Who would not want to have a friend like Lewis, if one should venture into the dangers of a forgotten / soon to be left behind as a world in which we find unfortunate travelers. This movie tells us so many levels. The story is real. It works as a complete action / adventure, with a wonderful cinema and a deliberate passion for grinding. It works like a horror movie, with the danger and almost surrealism of meeting with the weak reds that objected to Ned Beatty's "Necessity". But it also works like an art film, using incredible amounts of symbolism to convey truths that go to our center. I've seen this movie at least fifty times, and every time I see it, I have to see. You have to look at her a few times to start understanding it. This is a profound film. This is a well-acting movie. And that's a love story. I gave it to 10 out of 10 and I put it in my best 10 films over time along with the list of Schindler, Casablanca, Taxi Driver and Blade Sling, among others. Movies that make you think. Movies that take you beyond thinking. Movies that use a STORY to make their point of view without trying to preach you. If you think you know the release, you could, but again, you could not. It's really good.
