Deliverance is an amazing thriller, just as exciting as any good thriller should aspire to be, but also stomach-churningly scary. Although not a horror film, it is as terrifying as any classic horror movie. The thought of being a normal red-blooded man who enjoys a millennial adventure weekend from any form of civilization, just to be captured and sodomized by some violent walls, is certainly the worst nightmare of 99, 9% of the world's population. It would have been easy for Deliverance to enter the territory of exploitation, but John Boorman smartly avoided the temptation to descend into such a route and made a film that explores, questions and provokes the meaning of masculinity. With so many movies, come to heaven, you can push yourself into the hero's shoes, do heroic deeds, save the day and make them face ... but with Deliverance, come away praying to God (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) - are heading for them. wild to spend a few days canoing down a river soon-to-be-dammed. The guys are traveling in pairs, and Ed and Bobby are making a mistake more and more ahead of the others so they go to the river and wait for their friends in the adjacent forests. There are two forest dwellers (Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward) who connect Ed with a tree, while one of them Bobby strips and rapes instructs him to piss like a pig. Lewis and Drew are unseen, and Lewis, being a fair archer, kills the rapist, while the other end of the elders beats an urgent retreat into the forest. Under emotional stress, the four canoeists decide to hide the event and leave the area. But they find the river increasingly dangerous to negotiate as they travel downstream, and the risk for their lives increases when the survivor returns to fire their rifle from an unseen point of view in the rocky rocks near bad. > <br /> Liberation is very powerful as a survival story, but even stronger (and disturbing) as a study of macho attitudes that are broken and left in humiliated trays. Although all performances are remarkable, particular attention must be paid to Beatty's efforts in a role that many actors would have refused. The film is very similar to the Straw Dogs in 1971 - both films treat terrible sexual violence in isolated locations, and both the violent revenge of the victim has no sense of satisfaction. The backdrop of the rural landscape in Delivance is nice to look at it, but it also adds to the tension by placing the four canoeists in an environment where they are at the mercy of the mountains and the landscape, with no one relying on others themselves . This movie is really suspense at best.
