You could get a version of Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol with the stocking dolls and I'll probably follow her. Since I was a kid, this was one of my favorite stories. Perhaps it is the idea that there is good in the world and that therefore no one is beyond the redemption that appeals to me, but for whatever reason, I never miss the opportunity to watch one of the many adaptations of this screen classic timeless when on TV because they are inevitably this time of the year. What makes this version really go is the gloomy gravitations that the cast brings to their respective roles. Lines I have heard a dozen times in the past, get a whole new intensity and every character becomes more real and more credible in the hands of this wonderful ensemble. George C. Scott was nominated for Emmy in 1985 for this role. It is his eternal duty that, rather than making his sleepwalking role as Scrooge, he has given a new interpretation that, in my opinion, was one of his best performances ever. He did not wisely try a British accent, instead of bringing his lines in that faint voice. His scrooge is not just an elderly old man (as he is often portrayed), but a man who has deep anger against the world. Just as he is visited in turn by each of the Three Spirits, we understand how this anger changed, grew, and eventually strangled the soul. As he is forced to revise his life, we see him alternately multiplying, then recurring again in unbridled stubbornness. And in the great dramatic scene, when he kneels and weeps at his own grave, he asks for a towel in an attempt to convince the third spirit of repentance and his desire to change his life, we see a man who has been completely broken and brought his literal and figurative knees. Scott made Scrooge absolutely credible and painfully human. Impressive as Scott's performance, the ensemble of supportive actors contributes significantly to the dark beauty of this version. Fred Holywell, Scrooge's nephew, is an excellent example of this. Often portrayed as an adventurous buff, here is played by Roger Rees with an emotional intensity lacking in previous portraits. When he begs Scrooge, "I do not ask for anything from you, I do not want anything from you, why can not we be friends?" We see in front of him not only his frustration, but his pain at the separation of Scrooge , living. It's a moving performance and one of the most dramatic scenes in the movie. Even more magnificent is the performance performed by British actor Frank Frank Finlay as Scrooge's partner, Jacob Marley. In most versions of this story, the Marley scenario tends to be a bit of a low point of the film, simply because it is difficult to portray the dead man convincingly, and the results are usually simple fools (ooooh, scary ghost ....... no!) In this version, it is perhaps the most rippling scene in the whole movie. Marley's entry, while the locks on Scrooge's door open at his own initiative, and the sound of the chains that echoes the echo in the house is awesome. But Finlay's Marley has no etheric spirit. He is a tortured soul, inspiring both horror and pity. Marley can be a phantom, but his anger and regret over a life spanning the search for wealth and despair of his sins being no longer justified are still very human. As portrayed by Finlay, we have no problem believing that even Scrooge will be shaken by this nightmare. Finlay really steals the scene here, something is not easy to do when you're with George C. Scott. And it goes on and on, a remarkable performance after another, making it the first time to experience this story. Edward Woodward (remember him from equalizer?) It is, in turn, both jovial and threatening, as the present Spirit of Christmas. When he offers the famous line, "perhaps in the eyes of heaven, you are worthless and less fit to live than MILLION as the child of this poor," he is no longer a cheerful surrogate of Santa Claus, but a vengeful angel who gives Scrooge a very necessary verbal eyebrow. Susannah York is a wonderful torture on Mrs. Cratchit, and David Warner brings great depth to long-suffering, Bob Cratchit, a living man wearing the triple crosses of poverty, a sick child and an inadequate boss. His face showed alternating cheerful courage and sometimes his fatigue in the face of intolerable circumstances. Later on, in the Scrooge scene demonstrated by Christmas Phantom, but still the Cratchit family comes after Tiny Tim's death, Warner's interpretation, while you say a word hard, will lead you to tears.
