After seeing Deliverance, movies such as Pulp Fiction do not seem so extreme. Perhaps by today's blood and bullet standards it does not seem so nervous, but if you think it was 1972 and the movie has a really sinister core, then it makes you think differently. When we started watching this movie, nothing seemed unusual until we reached the Dueling Banjos scene. In that scene, the brutality and the edge of this film are truly visible. As I saw Drew (Ronny Cox, Robocop), head-to-head with a seemingly slow-down young man, really shows how hard he can get this movie. When you think the kid has a small banjo, which he can probably do manually, compared to Drew's cute guitar, you really know how far four of them are. As it happens, the plot is very credible and never stretches beyond its limits. But what really distinguishes this movie, about four business people who get more than negotiated on a canoe trip, is that director John Boorman (Excalibur) destroys all the characters of simple cartoons or stereotypes. Because the movie goes horribly and suspense really cares about all four men and what will happen to them. The act is universally excellent. With Jon Voight (Midnight Cowboy, the enemy of the state) and Burt Reynolds (Boogie Nights, Striptease) leading the big cast. Jon Voight is probably the toughest of all in this movie and turns his transformation from family to warrior very credible. Unlike Reynolds, whose character is a warrior from the beginning, Voight's character turns throughout the movie. Ned Beatty (Life) is also good in an extremely difficult role, come to be raped by a hillbilly, while Ronny Cox turns into credible performance. One thing that really made this powerful movie for me is that the villains were as terrifying as any other I've ever seen. Bill Mckinney and Herbert "Cowboy" Coward were excellent and extremely frightening like Hillbilly's. Deliverance as a whole was excellent and I suggest this to anyone except for people with stomachs and toddlers. 10/10. See this movie.
