In what is probably the best outdoor adventure film of all time, four city guys face the wrath of nature in a survival story. The setting is in the forest of Georgia, with forests, mountains and wild rivers. The director, John Boorman, chose to use local people, not actors, to illustrate secondary characters. These locals combine the film with an unmatched depth of characterization in the history of the film. No central actor could come near the faces, voices, or remarkable actions of these people. I do not remember a movie where the secondary characters are so realistic and colorful. Just as much as anything else, this boring realism makes this movie so amazing. Another force is the theme of the film. Nature, in the wild, can be violent. How appropriate would be for the area to be South America. Very few places in the U.S. are or have been as violent as the redheaded country. In a story about Darwinian survival of the right one, the film conveys the idea that people are part of nature, not separate from it. "Deliverance" is a product of the time when, unlike today, Americans have expressed their concern for an extinct wilderness. The magnificent landscape of the film, the sounds of birds, frogs, crickets and the fluff of river rivers, combined with the absence of civilization, all transmit an environmental message. And this is another force of the movie. At a level of entertainment, the tension increases gradually as the plot continues. Even with half the film, the tension becomes extreme, and then it will never be left until the final credits are broken. Very few movies can support that level of intensity over such a long plot. Finally, the technical quality of the film is topnotch. Direction and editing are perfect. The cinema is excellent. The dialogue is interesting. And the act is great. Burt Reynolds has never been better. Ned Beatty is perfectly expressed and does a good job. And Jon Voight should have been nominated for Oscar. If there is a weak link in the movie, it's music that makes me shy. In general, "Deliverance" will almost certainly attract spectators who like adventure in the open air. Even for those who do not, the bad characters, the action and the tension of the plot are enough reasons to watch this movie, one of the best in the history of cinema.
