"Deliverance" is a brilliant epic epic of a group of modern modern people who engage in a canoe trip to communicate briefly with nature and have to fight for their health, their lives and perhaps their souls. The film aged well. Despite the fact that it was made in the early seventies, it certainly does not seem very dated. He still has a visceral fist and an iconic status as a shocking philosophical and cultural vehicle, "The Death of the Sixties". There are very few films with similar resemblances that can be compared favorably with it, although the legendary things of Sam Peckinpah should be up there. Yes, there have been considerable debates and discussions about the most confusing scene of the film (which I will not expand here) and, undoubtedly, one of the most confrontational scenes in the history of the cinematic environment - but what surprises about this film are The beauty is sometimes. This seems to be generally overlooked (though in retrospect quite understandable). The cinematography that surprises the fragile fragile wildlife of the river is often absolutely stunning and counterbalances the film, because in a moment of short madness, we, the spectators - along with the characters themselves - are caught in an unceasing nightmare. "Deliverance's narrative is tilted and sinuous, and it's surprising how fast events take place from the point of set-up to the crisis and after." Everything happens very quickly, giving a very real sense of urgency to the movie. The characters are well drawn, despite the limited time spent on the back. We know enough about them to get to know them about the kind of man they are, as they are and ultimately afraid of them when everything is going to hell. Conflict and violence in the film seems to burst out of nowhere, with a frightening lack of logic. "This is the theme of James Dickey's author - that any predominant romance about the nature of" inherent human "perception of man can only die and die when his little animal instinct is suppressed comes to the fore. the predators - like the central villagers of the film - are just brutal, terribly loving cousins ​​of our protagonists. They are shocked because their evil is small and tangible. The movie does not have any peripheral characters. Everything reflects on the weaknesses and uncertainties of the 20th century urbanized Homo Sapiens, all of which are very real and well-known. Burt Reynolds is great in this film as a gung-ho and almost confident survivor, Lewis, and it's a shame to think he could not resume his brief moment of dramatic glory throughout the wound-and-down career ("Boogie Nights "excluded, maybe). Trust me, if you're not a Reynolds fan, you'll be impressed by his performance here. John Voight is his usual ordinary effort, and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox make a significant contribution. This is simply a big quartet of actors. In conclusion, I have to speculate if and when the author "Deliverance," James Dickey, "Towards the White Sea" will be made. For those who have benefited from this film, the TTWS is a similar story about a struggle for the survival of a US Air Force pilot after being shot on the Japanese continent during the Second World War. It is more about the typical summatic existentialism and the primordial wildlife, which is Dickey's brand, but it has all the features of a really spectacular and poetic cinematic experience. There was a suggestion a few years ago that the Coen brothers could have produced it, but eventually it came to nothing. Being an avid coen-a-son, it disappoints me to think what it would have been if they had obtained the green light on the TTWS, rather than their last relatively undeveloped effort. Returning to "Deliverance," it's impossible to imagine a movie with such an honest, unpleasant brutality done in these times, and that's pretty shameful. We, the cinema audience, are all poorer for that.
