How can you summarize exactly how you feel and feel about this movie? For a few weeks, this DVD came down from the shelf to me every time I entered the store - after seeing Steve Carrell in a couple of movies before, I did not want to hinder my thoughts - so I resisted and resisted, finally caught him with "What the hell!" attitude! And how surprised I was! I would have wanted to buy it earlier. After seeing it three times in two days, I still smile at the portrait of a widow who struggles with three daughters, desiring what she misses from the passing of her beloved wife, who meets an interesting, charming woman in a so profound and interesting (dare to say the book?) way, throws a totally different light in life that makes him realize that it is what he sought. Hooked at the fact that the woman being his girlfriend complicates things that describe Dan sharply shy and with a frightful heart, seeing "someone special" that brings both fun and pleasure in the family home and in the lives of the brethren its. You really start to feel for him. When the blind date appears with Ruthie Draper - this is the turning point in Marie's estimation of Dan! The look he gives when he repeats his comment about the fact that he did not like Ruthie - the Green-Eyed monster! Launching an absolutely hilarious scene as the two couples compete on the dance floor! This sequence is one of the best done, as Dan begins to unleash Marie. Other scenes that are wandering - Dan returns from the Book and Tackle Shop, which his brothers face to describe what has just happened ... when Dan's face drops, this brings a sharp stroke! His youngest daughter, Lilly, making the present celebrating their love for Suzanne, his late wife, brings a little bit of warmth and a bit of gulp that Dan only realizes what he has lost in life. When Dan plays the guitar and sings at the Talent Show ... his voice cracked slightly as he repeated the song. ... absolute gem! Accepting what happens lately in the movie by his daughters ... all three love their father and want to see him happy, do not let him deny his love for Marie; the desperation of Dan not to lose his daughters, because he is their rock, their fortress ... and to say much more than that with only a few words. I could go on but I will leave it for now - maybe it will come back and add more comments here in the near future .... but I will finish by saying ... .... if you want to watch a movie that is just as cursed, with comedy twists to ease drama that never feels forced or cracked, which appears as an authentic portrayal of a man who discovers a new life - not just a woman but and with his extended family, then do not look any further. DAN IN REAL LIFE - 9 out of 10 for such a cinematic experience well done, with a Sondre Lerche score, which takes you intimate there all the time, without ever intrusive, performances of the band. I can not wait to come back to this again!
