This story is narrated and reproduced and continues to be reproduced in any imaginable way. Charles Dicken's immortal story was recreated in any imaginable way. I admit that I did not see the classic version of Alistair Sim and I'm sure one day I will do it but I would have blown it if it touches even close to this amazing version of the eighties. I think if Dickens himself had created his film story, that would be. The story is well known, I will not go into detail because everyone has seen it in one form or another. A rich old man, stingy, old, is visited by his former partner's Spirit and warned of his middle ways. In order to correct it, he is visited by three spirits, each showing him another perspective of his life and of the people he is involved with, past, present and future. Finally, seeing all this in front of him, he realizes the error of his ways in a great way and tries to take revenge for all the mistakes he has made. George C. Scott is absolute, undoubtedly perfect for this role. He takes the role of Ebeneezer Scrooge and makes it his own and creates an incredible character. He is not just an old man, but someone who has been influenced by certain situations in his life that made him bitter and angry in the world. There is compassion inside him, but he keeps it under anything else and is very involved in himself. Scott offers the role of perfection when it comes to Scrooge. <br /> <br /> Not only does the lead role make this movie, but everything else fits. This is a great epic of victorious England, Dickens England is recreated in front of our eyes, sight and sounds and you almost feel the breeze in front and the smells of the market. Director Clive Donner brilliantly recreates this scene and leaves nothing to imagination. I was able to watch this movie on my mute and be amazed by the landscape. It's not a spectacular landscape per se, but it's real. The film takes us from the high-class merchant market to the most tumultuous places of poverty and everything between them. The rest of the cast fits into their roles and brings them to their literary counterparts. Bob Cratchitt, played by David Warner and his entire family, including young Tiny Tim, played by Anthony Walters, was great. Ghosts each had their distinct personality and added to the dark mood of this story. A Christmas Carol is not an easy story. Dickens wrote this story for a dark period in England and is one of the few Christmas stories that is really dark, almost scary and must be scary to scare a man who has been miserable for so many years around . The dark sense of this story is captured in this film and it is scary and yet the end raises your spirits and captures the miracles of Christmas. The score for this movie is also something to say, because it is epic and great and beautiful to listen if it is the real score or Christmas music, everything fits together. It seems that Christmas movies are favorite because they insist on everyone to see this Christmas Carol above all the rest. 10/10
