Since Christmas celebration has evolved over the years, whether it focuses on religious or secular traditions, it is a time when people should behave better with each other. So he escaped in a way, after an Ebenezer Scrooge, a merchant and borrowed money in London in the nineteenth century. While his nephew shows his uncle, he does not keep Christmas in any way, because Scrooge feels everything is humble. Scrooge's humanity was pulled out, it's a tough case, a lot like his twentieth-century counterpart, Mr. Potter of Bedford Falls, New York. But, as Charles Dickens said this story, redemption is not too late for any of us, and a lone ghost and three spirits visit Scrooge and show him how. A Christmas Carol is a classic so unclear that we sometimes forget that there is so much social commentary from the 19th century, Britain as Oliver Twist. The characters in this film are of middle and lower class. The crackers are a pair of steps above the street people in Oliver Twist, but they have to fight to stay there. Yet love and happiness radiate their home, not because of the type that Bob Cratchit is working on. Like George Bailey, who did a lot of good in his life and just had to remember how much, Ebenezer Scrooge needed a wake-up call about the potential he he had it to do something good in this old world. <br /> <br /> Patrick Stewart, in his live and filmed shows, has taken over the Scrooge side pretty much. But George C. Scott captures the miserable old man pretty well in this film. His wickedness, but with a trace of sadness that makes us root to change. Scott joins a beautiful tradition of people such as Reginald Owen and Alastair Sim, who have both made Scrooge's special interpretations. Amongst the supporting roles, I was particularly glad to see David Warner as Bob Cratchit and Edward Woodward, the sister of Christmas Presentation. <br /> <br /> According to IMDb this is one of the 32 versions of a Christmas Carol made that they archived and is one of the best.
