Marie: You're smooth. Dan: No, I'm not good. I'm Dan. If you are like me, quiet and alone do not go together. See someone who likes you, rarely how it can be, and you want to say something, but you do not know. Or you can say something, but it ends up being perhaps the least intelligent thing you ever said in your life. More often than ever, do not look far and admire without having to take care of what is the most agree is the only way to get anywhere in life? a risk. You can not blame a guy for being a little scared. Maybe it was burned hard before, or maybe trying to concentrate all the energy on his career. There are reasons, some valid, others not, and all of this can be interpreted as an excuse rather than a reason. Say you do not need it or it's not the right time for you, but you still want it to happen. Anything to cut it off is not easy. Sound familiar? If you thought so little, then DAN IN REAL LIFE, Peter Hedges's new comedy is a must. It will get inside you and will somehow break you and warm your heart. Dan from the title is Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a columnist of advice that is admired for his intuition of living a balanced, fulfilled and moral life. Four years or less before the movie opens to Dan awaking his day, he lost his wife and loved his life. After this tragedy, Dan was left alone three daughters. Between this and focusing on his career, finding love again was not one of Dan's priorities. And so it became more functional than feeling. Dedicated by the power of intimacy, Dan no longer knows what it means to be close to someone and resigns to never know again. That's until he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a book and deals with the shop in Connecticut on a quiet morning. Their interaction is casual, comfortable and catches them unguarded. There is only one problem. She's already seeing someone. Unfortunately, for everyone involved, someone is Dan's brother, Mitch (Dane Cook). His whole family came to their parents' house for their annual visit, and Dan must spend the weekend and ask for the passing sensation she had with Marie that morning. It lasted only an hour or so, but it only took so long to awaken Dan's coma from his coma. With so many family members to handle (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest are at the helm), DAN In real life, his grandiose goal is removed from time to time. While the cyclone of children and parents, aunts and uncles make slow downs for Dan, Hedges also use it unnecessarily as a means of distraction, assuming it will eventually make a more complete film. Fortunately, Hedges has Carell to carry the heavy burden. It's a pleasure to watch that Steve Carell enters his own more and more with every image he does (despite the occasional mistake EVAN ALMIGHTY). He is charismatic, charming and obviously a sharp humor. As Dan, he is also self-deprecating, weird and scared. Carell is a rare comedian who pushes to find character in his roles, rather than relying only on his comic instincts and the personality set. Perhaps more importantly, he is entirely like Dan. Whether he falls on the bed in the laundry where he is sleeping as the only adult at this meeting or who wanders in the kitchen, unable to remain in anxiety, Dan is any guy who did not even know himself and he felt alone in the crowd. Carell gives Dan enough heart to become the heart of the movie at the same time. I was wondering after seeing the movie if I enjoyed as much as I did, despite its slight deficiencies (Juliette Binoche: I know you would like to shine from time to time, but I do not recommend it if it's not involved chocolate) because of the place I am in my life. Would anyone who discovered that someone else acquires so much significance and comfort in this film? I can not say. What I can say, as someone who knows what it means to be alone, DAN IN REAL LIFE knows what it means to be surprised by life and love and how these moments and people have to be appreciated and cherished. He also knows that anyone who may feel alone on a particular day or month at a certain moment must be reminded that surprises happen.
