Extremely explosive and awesome exploitation in 80 years, please! Sequences of opening pre-credits give the false impression that we are dealing with a serious and disturbing drama, but you do not have to worry that just ten minutes later we are until our throat unfolds in meaningless beatings, lurid dialogues and free nudity! Bo and Ingrid are two orphan brothers with an unusually close and even slightly perverted relationship. Can you imagine cleaning the towel that covers the naked body of your sister and then looking at the endless genital organs for a few minutes? Well, Bo is doing with his sister and, judging by her laugh, does not bother them at all. Ill, dude! Anyway, as children have fled Russia with their parents, but the ugly soldiers brutally murdered my mother and father. A friendly trafficker took custody and yet raised and coached Bo and Ingrid as expert smugglers. When the real plot rises, 20 years later, they face their end of search as a mythical and incredibly valuable white diamond is accidentally found in a mine. Very few things in life have ever made sense as the plot and the narrative structure of the "white fire", but it is certainly a fun to look at. Most of the time you have no clue to who or why (and I bet the actors understand even less), but whatever it is! Violence is great grotesque and every twist of the plot is pleasantly delayed. Does the script go completely without repairing when suddenly? and I will not reveal why? Bo needs a replacement for Ingrid, and Fred Williamson enters the stage with a big cigar in his mouth and his black black fingers over local prostitutes. Bo's main opponent is an Italian chicken with big boobs but a hideous accent, the absurd but exciting thematic song plays at least a dozen times throughout the movie, there is a mandatory "we are falling in love" and many more attractions ! God, what a brilliant experience. The original French title translates to "Life for Survival", which is unique because it has the same meaning as the rest of the movie: None!
