What can you say about White Fire? Amazing? Fantastic? Disturbing? Hilarious? These words are not large enough to describe the event that is White Fire. From perverse, crushed from the deep end, this movie will have fun all the time. Our film starts in the forests of a country somewhere in the world. A family is hiding from unmarked soldiers in the uniforms of costume shops. When the father separates from their mother and child, you have a real sense of what kind of film you are about to look at. The father worries about rolling in his hills, and he is polite when he draws people's attention before he shoots them, but unfortunately the father is burned alive in what seems to be a very unsupervised and uncertain cascade. Meanwhile, mother and children go to a beach with an armed soldier who was about five feet behind them. He also gives a severe warning before action in the form of a "HALT!" Bizarre and then he wasting his mother. This sequence of action sets the happy childhood of our heroes Bo and Ingred. So now we go for 20 years (30 if you are honest about the hero's age) in beautiful Turkey, where Bo and Ingred have established themselves as professional thieves, diamond prospecting or the like. Ingred works on a diamond mine to help his goods, while Bo (skillfully played by dynamic Robert Ginty) drives around the desert in his denim costumes. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They do not seem to have any friends other than each other and spend all their time together. That, along with the fact that Bo expressed her desire to sleep with her sister, as she claims in lines like "you know she's ashamed you're my sister," she tells her while naked for a duo very dynamic. Bo is then crushed when Ingrid is killed, while he wanders the beaches of Turkey with his ceremonial pink pain scarf. A renewal of hope occurs when Bo finds a girl who looks like Ingrid and gives her plastic surgery to make her look just like Ingrid. This opens Bo's door to have sex with his sister without being technically wrong. Bo is a true fan of gray ethical areas, and he is pleased with his new love. So, anyway, there are plenty of fun action scenes, ridiculous violence, great action, impossible to follow plotting lines, Fred Williamson (for some reason) and a large piece of dirty ice, which should or a huge diamond (which then explodes). All these things are wonderful, but the relationship between Bo and Ingrid is what makes this special movie ... very special. That's why I encourage everyone to see the greatness that is White Fire. You may be glad you did it or not.
