the government he fought to recognize his loyalty with a promised and very necessary pension. Ripstein's lyrical work is a sweet ounce to all who, like the Colonel, suffer from the abuses of a cynical and strengthened society that is strengthened by denying its citizens the means to live with dignity and purpose. Unlike the absurdity of the GODOT SELECTION, the colonel's expectation for the arrival of his pension gives hope and meaning to his otherwise miserable life. Two things in the film lead the colonel, which is played skillfully by Fernando Lujan; the hope that the military boardinghouse will one day become aware of the fact that his son, Agustin, died for a noble cause, a reason other than a drunken passage to a cocked claw. Unable to tell the first, and forced to prove the world to the latter, the colonel does the only thing he can do, prepare himself to prepare his son's cock. The cock is now the warrior who can bring luck and justice to the colonel and his asthmatic wife, but his battle ring is that of the killer of his former owner, Agustin. In a tense scene of confrontation between Colonel and Nogales, his son's killer, the colonel is offered by Nogales, a paid government agent, enough money for the Colonel's full pension. But this is the money of blood; hui money designed to hide the fact that those in power turned their backs on someone who fought for their political ideals and to conceal to the world that the son of the Colonel Warrior was assassinated because he wrote for an underground work that favored labor rights unions and the common man. With utmost dignity, the colonel rejects Nogales' offer, takes his battle cock and leaves as noble as his old legs can carry. Once home, Dona Lola, his wife argued, wants to know why the Colonel has denied the money when the two suffer from hunger. In response to her question, "What we will eat until November (when the hunting season begins)", the colonel replies, "Shit." Excretions are those that eat all the lives of the poor and lacking in privileges and excrement are a meal that the Colonel willingly chooses to eat with dignity, knowing that he can not sell his soul to those who oppress him. The Colonel expects the only honorable and valuable man in a world without principles.
