After climbing into a variety of seemingly immature movies purchased on DVDs for rent, I thought the time was right for a little bit of drama and which would be better to provide than Sam Mendes? For many reasons, "American Beauty" does not attract as much as this film, which is slightly the darkest thing Tom Hanks has ever done and probably one of the most underestimated films of the last decade. Because this is not a simple gangster story high from its original graphic origins and it's simply wonderful to look at it thanks to it. And despite my usual allergies to any Tom Hanks movie on him (I still can not look "Big" without wanting a cat to hit), I'm glad I made a try because it's one of those movies that "If you look, you'll kick yourself. Normally, Hanks plays Michael Sullivan, a devoted family man and the father of two sons who grew up during the Prohibition in the early 1930s. a professional man hit man on the mob boss John Rooney (Paul Newman), but managed to keep the job secret from his sons. But after the greatest (Tyler Hoechlin) confesses his father involved in a killing the crowd, the couple is forced to flee as John tries to take care of the thing. Soon, the father and son are watched in Chicago, where a successful man (a threatening law of Jude) is waiting for her. , read as a pretty d movie it's standard gangster, but I said it's not gangsters, it's the relationship between a father and a son thrown together in the most tragic circumstances. Hanks is gorgeous as the tortured man who finds that everything has his price and that Hoechlin is also good as Sullivan's son. With all sincerity, there is no single interpretation that we could identify as weaker than the others - distribution is rather devoid of importance. Just like the cinema and costumes (and is not often praise suits!), Which recreates the 1930s with amazing effect. It was so much effort to make it all right and pay for beatings. This could easily look garbage - they admit that the first 30 years were hard to throw down - but it is not worth and worth every credit. Chicago looks especially fantastic, lined with hundreds of shit cars of the era and filled with people in costumes and monochrome hats. True travel in time, even if a small CGI is needed. The story is also a winner, providing a human face that is often seen as a stereotypical negative character. The law is surprisingly threatening as Maguire's almost mechanical killer and proves that you do not have to be Cagney or De Niro or Brando to play a gangster. The film is clearly noir-ish, driving rain and illuminated deposits are predominant, but at least violence and killing are ultimately thought to have an emotional and psychological impact on those who commit and those who only confess such facts. Everything evokes a previous age and previous films, but it removes the old and refreshes with a modern redemption story amidst Tommy-Gun shooting and extortion rockets. You may feel a bit sluggish in places, especially if you are accustomed to the masses of weapons in movies, such as the most modern auditions (like you), but sometimes the words can speak louder than the actions. Mendes has made a fine tracking of his Oscar-winning debut, a film that is just as smart and beautiful to watch. "Road to Perdition" may not be everyone's taste, but this is a DVD that I will not change soon.
