After I was banished from home and in the theater by suffocating heat, I could not be more satisfied. The Road to Loss, directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), is intended to become one of the greatest movies of all time. Maybe they just get old; maybe I just saw the same recycled themes from time to time. But this movie is really different. The story opens with the young Michael Sullivan Jr. facing the sea, contemplating the duality of his father's legacy - one of the best ever living people, one of the worst. This duality is seen throughout the movie. The story revolves around murderer John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), the young man Rooney once made and now serves as the "Angel of Death" personal. Rooney is linked to the blood of his son, but related to love and loyalty to Michael. Young Michael Jr., intrigued by the stories he reads, steals one night in his father's car while Dad goes to "work" with Connor Rooney, the heir of the "business" family. Connor leaves the situation to get out of hand and what is meant to be a warning turns into a murder - confessed by Michael Jr. On the discovery that the young Michael saw what he should not have seen, the plot is set in motion loyal conflicts collide. Soon, Michael Sr. is in full swing with his son, pursued by Harlen's contract murderer "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). I will not reveal other details to avoid any spoilers. However, I encourage viewers to examine the many dualities that appear in the film: The problems between sons and fathers (Michael Sr & Jr., John Rooney & Son Connor) between the home and the world at the workplace evil, among those who claim to be God's people and those who are truly, between "clean" and "dirty" money, between the city of Perdition and the Period as hell. Along the way, enjoy the visual glow of Conrad L. Hall (9 nominations, 2 best cinema Oscars): the fog from the fedoras, the mirror shots (especially the swing doors), trumpets shining from the shadows, the lack of sound. He not only has a 75-year-old room that has probably offered us the best cinematic product in his career, but Paul Newman, 77, offers one of his best performances ever. to aging. But I've seen a lot ... and this is fresh and refreshing. The Road to Perdition features long-lasting and gangster-like tribute to the gangster genre, 40s films, dark characters of comic books hiding in darkness, villains and heroes, to American film in general. Go see!
