Frankly, this film has overwhelmed most of its detractors. The opposite of perdition (salvation) is salvation (being saved) and this film is one of the few that deals with those two concepts. The film also explores the love and disappointment of the father-son relationship. It should be noted at the outset that none of these themes are currently fashionable. The premise is that the moving parents, the man-shot Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks) and his murder boss John Rooney Paul Newman) love their sons and will do anything to protect them. But Connor's son, Connor, is even worse than the rest. He kills one of Rooney's loyal soldiers to cover up the theft from his father. When Connor finds out that Sullivan's son, Michael, witnessed him, he killed another son of Sullivan (and Sullivan's wife) in an attempt to silence the witnesses. Sullivan decides he wants to take revenge at any cost, even at the terribly high price of perdition. Rooney, who curses Connor's birthday in a single scene, refuses to give up his son Connor to Sullivan and hires a murderer named Maguire (Jude Law) to kill Sullivan and his son. So, Rooney joins his son Connor on the Road to Pernik. For the rest of the film, accompanied by his surviving son Michael, Sullivan follows Connor Rooney on the Road to Pernicie and Maguire follows Sullivan. When Sullivan faces Rooney in a basement of the Church and asks to quit Connor because Connor has murdered his family, Rooney says, "Michael, they're just killers in this room, and there's only one guarantor, none of us will see Heaven. " As the movie ends, somewhat predictable, a character is saved and a character repents. I'm not a big fan of Tom Hanks, but he's not taking a character step to play Sullivan, hitting her convincingly, offering subtle and laconic performance. Newman behaves well as the old Irish gangster Rooney, showing a rough edge in front and in his manner, his eyes haunted by Connor's mistakes. Jude Law plays Maguire in a creepy way. Tyler Hoechlin plays Young Michael naturally and without damage. Cinematography has constantly played light from the dark, recalling the themes of salvation and perdition. The camera pulled from a pale green and gray. Grays belonged to the parents and urban landscapes of the Illinois Depression era. The greens belonged to the younger sons and the rural areas of the state. Thomas Newman's lush, sonorous and haunted music had a weak Irish struggle and was played in arrangements similar to Copland. The sets were authentic Western medium-sized cities - factories, churches. The houses shone with the glow of the wood. The excellence of the film consists in generating a unique feeling from its deep, distinct acting and ambient music and cinema. The only negative was an easy anti-gun message slipped into the y scenario, the film just gave a sign of political correctness. I gave this movie a10 out of 10; over time, it will be recognized as a great movie.
