Since you think Sam Mendes' first film, American film BEAUTY, was a movie with a redistributed style, wait until you see him in the second effort you've been waiting for, the gangster melodrama, 30 roads unusual. Some critics have welcomed this new film as a worthy successor from The GODFATHER, an impressive judging by some commentators made with Mendes's extraordinary technical expertise. If the mechanics of filming is what makes a great picture, then yes, ROAD TO PERDITION is a distant sparrow for THE GODFATHER in what it does in cinematography, editing, music and sound. What it does not have is a resonance that all the big stories and some very rare films are that they stay with the viewer long after the reading experience or they see it's over. Like American BEAUTY, there is a cold and distant sense of this film, despite the very tense scenes involving love, loyalty and paternal betrayal. This story of a hit man (Tom Hanks) and his relationship to a surrogate father - the figure who is also his elderly leader, a leading Irish leader (Paul Newman), seems to have been detained by countless gangster films from previous years . The reason of the father / son hanging above this image is so hardly surrendered in his treatment that there is not much room for spontaneity; the entire enterprise has been very carefully developed and almost all of the dialogue is delivered with very good air: this is obviously a gangster film, for that reason, the amount of violence and bloodshed, but the film is almost devoid of any humor to talk about; only in scenes involving a boy who drives a escape machine in a edited editing there is a sense of ease in doughing the ubiquitous sense of doom. As has been said, I have only the greatest praise for the amazing aspect of this film; Indeed, it's not an exaggeration to say that this is one of the nicest photographed and projected movies I've ever seen. Cameraman veteran Conrad Hall will probably win another Oscar for his work here. Sets and costumes are just as examples; in fact, the whole movie is a technical wonder. Mister. Mendes continues to be amazed by the intense use of colors and he and Mr. Hall are again using the red blood scattered against the pale-colored walls dramatically again, the more efficient and the more disconcerting, due to the preponderance of blacks, blues and gray dominating the color scheme of the film. If I did not manage to properly record the role of actor, it is not because the actors did not claim; everyone in the film is the first time with a special mention to the two evil villains: Daniel Craig is the classic "man you love to hate", the impulsive son of Newman's gangster father; and an almost unrecognized law of Jude, as a particularly thin miniature, who continues to follow Hanks and his son and has a special importance in the second half of the film. But acting in a movie, this dazzling is forced to take a seat behind the photographic fireworks displayed here. If a Rolls-Royce was a movie, I have no doubt it would look like a full direction.
