This could not have been better. The strong limitations of Mike Sullivan's expressions could not have been portrayed in any other way. Tom Hanks offers the best performance of his career. Young Tyler Hoechlin leads an emotional wheel; playing the base character for the story. And veteran Paul Newman gives one of the best performances of his character for a long time. This film is based on a graphic novel bold by Max Allan Collins and Richard Piers Rayner. This is the story of a father / son who practically uses the two exclusive role-playing candidates. Mike Sullivan had no father in childhood, so John Rooney took him. Although he was a generous man, Mr. Rooney was involved in organized crime. That's why Sullivan's debts were paid only through business involvement. Now Sullivan has a wife and two children and tries to keep his children safe but at the same time to pay his boss. The events that follow will test Sullivan's loyalty and embrace his family's fate. With a great adaptation made by David Self, the dialogue is seldom but still very virtuous. The story unfolds in a beautiful setting in the 1930s (Brilliant Art Direction by Richard L. Johnson and Nancy Haigh) covered with a dark exterior of rain (snow on earth). Story management is a wonderful Irish score by Thomas Newman, which is set only when necessary. But the most important technical element in the film is the beautiful photograph of Conrad L. Hall. There are some of the best cinemas I've ever seen; and I watch a lot of movies. The scene when Mike and Michael are in the car, entering Chicago is quite impressive. The shot begins in front of the car, revealing Mike (Hanks) through the windshield. After that, he pours on the edge of the car to see Michael (Hoechlin) waking up on the side window. While continuing, the trucks are spinning back and forth, completely around the car and revealing a gorgeous scenic Chicago in the 1930s. With a great cast and crew, the main man creates an amazing film. I'm talking about Sam Mendes, who made her feature debut in 1999 with American Beauty. (won various awards) Before the American beauty, Mendes worked as a theater director for the British Theater, but decided he wanted to say that there was nothing new to him in the theater. With just two films, Sam Mendes enrolled in my book as one of the great directors (in a list of about twenty-five). The movie lights up a brazen genre that has hits and misses and really expresses the true theme. Photo, role and story are phenomenal. I'm still waiting for Scorcesee's gangs in New York, but for now I'm confident that it's "Best Movie of the Year". Given its competition (signs, insomnia, minority report), there is a solid assertion.
