Why are not there more films (mostly American) Meatball Machine? <br /> <br /> This is my first official online review and I am accused of "electric ecstasy" after I chose "Meatball Machine" as my first effort. This is a review, so I will try to stay at simple intestinal reflection and excitement. That is, this is a creative work, even if it is clearly inspired by the classic TETSUO! And if it's not original? I have owned both movies and, although Tetsuo is a strange bitch son, the Meatball is far superior and can be hidden without the strong desire to indulge in a dose of mind that alters drugs to clarify the meaning of the movie. The Meatball Machine is as elaborate in its story as it is in the high influx of blood and gore. Thank Jesus for Japanese Cinema! Simply, the last time my dreams were overwhelmed by horror visions happened after I saw Nightmare on Elm Street when I was 7 years old. I could imagine in my dreams a language that comes out of a phone for a few weeks. This time (31 years old) my dreams were inspiring. In this film, human organisms are hosts to aliens whose sole purpose is to try and fulfill their endless cold for the flesh and blood of man. People become cyborgs who eat meat! It is still !!! Fight scenes! Good music!! Great pictures! Decent acting by the Cyborg woman (at least better than her male counterpart). The battle finally seen is worth watching ten or twenty times. Oh, and I forgot to mention it's a love story! Wow, I hate love stories, but this takes the cake! I can not wait to have friends to watch this movie again just to see the reaction on their faces. Unfortunately, I took time to write this review because I'm afraid most of my friends and family will not understand the Meatball Machine. The truth is that America as a whole is not ready for the Meatball. Finally, my wife came in while watching the climate scene at the end and she was speechless. Normally, she says something like, "Why are you looking at junk?" This time he had nothing to say. I enjoyed! <br /> <br /> This is not junk. This is not just SPLATTER (splash for the sake of splash is also great). This is Art my friends. Art. <br /> <br /> CHACHO
