Directed by Yudai Yamaguchi duo (Baseball Battlefield) and Jun'ichi Yamamoto "Meatball Machine" is apparently a remake of Yamamoto's 1999 film of the same name. I doubt that I will ever have a chance to see the original, so I will remain commenting on it. First, why is the "Meatball Machine"? A simple, at this time, demanding, low budget, with industrial scuffs, packed with great makeup and gore effects. It's not something you're going to finish writing books, but it's still fun if you fill up this type of cinema. "Meatball Machine" follows the known plot. The boy loves a girl, but she's too afraid to pray at a meeting. Finally the boy meets with the girl The girl is infected by a parasitic alien creature that turns it into a cyborg killed. The boy, in turn, also turns to that thing and goes to an attempt to save his love. Will succeed? Who gives a curse, as long as there is massacre and death I am pleased. The land is simple, relatively clingy, but it does pretty well, setting the course straight ahead in a bloody confrontation between the two main characters. There is a subplot that focuses on how the parasite that infected the girl has entered their life. And yes, fortunately, it shows more violence. I'm happy. Act is what you would expect from a movie without a scandalous budget. It's not really painful for the ears, but it's not really good. The main attraction of the film, apart from violence and gore (as I have not already mentioned enough) are cyborg models. Made by Keita Amemiya, who works in creating creatures and brilliant costumes for both movies and video games, he is well known. Necrocks as they are called in the "Meatball Machine" look amazingly detailed. Without the use of the CGI Amemiya models are a stunning fusion of meat and metal, painful in their looks. Capable of turning different parts of the body into cold weapons, such as saws, rocket launchers, blood-firing jets, and so on, and so on. Although you can easily recognize the inexpensive movie, the Necrobors are A-film class. "Meatball Machine" is "Tetsuo The Iron Man" mixed with "Alien", all made with low budget and extra ketchup mode. It's an incredibly fun movie that does not take into account the modern special effects and proves that the splash is still alive and hit.
