This 1984 version of classic Dickens' A Christmas Carol, directed by Clive Donner, plays George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge. Meanwhile, the challenge for the director of the film was to get such a familiar material and make it look fresh and new again; and, happy to say, with this movie, Donner not only met the challenge, but exceeded any expectations someone would have for it. He tells the story accurately and with an eye to detail and draws off performances from his actors who are nothing less superlative, especially Scott. One might argue that Scrooge's definitive portrait - one of the most famous characters in literary fiction ever - was created by Alastair Sim in the 1951 film; but I think, with his performance here, Scott got the distinction. There is such a purity and honesty in his Scrooge that it becomes difficult to think of someone else in the role since you saw Scott do it; simply put, he is Scrooge. And what kind of tribute is for such a talented actor; to be able to take such a well-known figure and make it so unique is quite miraculous. It is truly a joy to see that an actor performs his trade so well that he can make such a real character from every word he expresses to the most beautiful expression of his face and to do everything be so true. It is a study of perfection. The other members of the cast are splendid, but again it must be to maintain Scott's integrity; and they do it. Frank Finlay is the Spirit of Jacob Marley; a remarkable tower, though not as memorable, maybe as Alec Guinness (as Marley) in the movie "Scrooge". Angela Pleasence is a welcome vision as the past Christmas Spirit; Edward Woodward, great and odd and totally convincing as the present Christmas Spirit; and Michael Carter, terrible and threatening that the Christmas Spirit is yet to come. David Warner strikes just the right mark with Bob Cratchit, bringing a sincerity to the role that measures well at the quality standard set by Scrooge Scott and Susannah York, as well as Mrs. Cratchit. A real jewel that is found here is, however, the performance of young Anthony Walters as Tiny Tim; she is sincere without ever becoming a maudlin, and simply one of the best performances - and the most real - ever shown on the film. The excellent cast includes Roger Rees (Fred Holywell and also the film narrator), Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan). An impeccable presentation, this version of "A Christmas Carol" sets the standard against which all others must be measured; regardless of the number of versions you've seen, watching this is like you've seen it for the first time. And forever, whenever you think of Scrooge, the image that your mind will create will be that of George C. Scott. A fun and satisfying experience, this film requires a place in the annual calendar of holiday celebrations in each house. I've rated this 10/10.
