Wow ... I mean WOW this must be one of the best stories I've had the opportunity to read / watch. We all know this famous story. Two artists on Tuesday, a man and his son, are going to train in Cursed forms Curses and, ignoring their warnings, both fall every spring. Dad, Genma, the drowning Panda spring. And Ranma for 16 years, drowned girl spring. Now, with every sprinkling of cold water, they turn into what is called up until the spring they landed in. Pretty mad? No, that's just the beginning. As if it were one of the strongest teenagers to turn into a woman, it's not enough, Ranma has to deal with mad martial arts professors and hundreds of insane art styles, a crazy high school principle , left and right opponents score to settle with Ranma dries to be to dress their life earlier in a way or to "steal" their loved ones. And talking about your loved ones, I lost track of how many times a boy or a girl fell in love with Ranma. And he's never been his fiancé, Akane. And that's just the first few chapters / episodes of the series. The story itself is amazing. I have never met something so crazy, so bizarre, so ... so ... from this world and yet so down to Earth and credible ... I can not even fully describe it. It's just a charming story that's so easy to get in. What I like is humor. I have never laughed so loudly from a manga, and you do not have to try any of the waterfalls you could get in Simpson or something. I could read any part of the comic and I would laugh from start to finish. Another thing is the character. Ranma, you think you make him too hard to be a set back, but not ... with every little problem the story throws him out he does his best to survive half his time and his personality is that of a bad boy seems but when the worst thing happens in the worst case, he can be a computer genius. And to think about the hundreds of perversions of the show, Ranma, who hates the idea of ​​perverting, is considered by everyone in his city, more than Akane, the worst pervert ever to live. Genma's father, would you think the father's character will mix right in the background? Correct! But whenever he has a spot ... he gives you more reasons to hate him, but you love him the same way! Do you think you know the best father ever from an anime? You did not meet Genma. Ryoga, probably one of Ranma's greatest rivals and my favorite character (along with Ranma) ... and probably one of the only people he can really stand for. Probably the most powerful character in the series, but he has two mistakes, one is his curse that turns him into a baby pig, but the worst guilty ... is the lack of sense in the direction! Then I ... you know, I could spend hours on the computer explaining all the characters, the story, all positive about it, but that would just be useless. Check the series if you are NOT, NOW! You will not regret! Although I would recommend first checking the comic. I like the anime, but I had trouble getting the series at a good price. And a small nitpick, humor does not seem to translate to both anime and manga. I think in part, because the comic seems to me a lot more. But anyway, her winning victory! 10 out of 10!
