I recognized that I first took Ranma 1/2 when I was twelve. I was in the library and I searched desperately for something good to read. Then I went to the Comic / Manga section and saw this book. At my first reading through the chapters I did not know what was going on, but I knew I loved it. I just went home for a few readings. Frankly, I did not get anywhere. Then, about five months ago (16 years ago), my friend was watching a series of anime and I remember this Manga. I did not remember what was called, but I remembered that the author was Rumiko Takahashi, the creator of Inu Yasha. We did it with Google, and then we made an unpleasant decision to watch all the episodes for 161 years. At first, I was a bit discarded by the graphics of 1990, but it did not really matter at all. No anime made me laugh so loud and come back, look again. I noticed once every 45 consecutive episodes one day. I do not know how I did it ... but I could not stop. Eventually, after about two days, I became obsessed. I really dreamed - just as crazy as this sounds - to look at Ranma. I have never found a series so pleasant, so fun and so exciting to watch. So far, 161 episodes are not enough to keep me satisfied. Of course the ending with the cliffanger was enough to make me run, but the series alone was enough to make me keep reading. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 is about a boy named Ranma Saotome and his father Genma Saotome. Marten artists INTENSE. They are so intense that they went to ancient Chinese training and became "cursed." The bases were filled with different sources of springs and, if you landed in one, you took the shape of anyone drowning there when it was crammed in cold water. For Genma, it was a PANDA, and Ranma was ... a girl! It's a funny story. In addition, Genma promises to his friend that Ranma will marry one of his daughters to keep the Tendo dojo alive. "Of course, the one he's wearing hates his courage and his mutual feelings." They obviously start to resemble each other, but both can be stubborn to admit it, but ... Genma has a history to do that. promised Ranma to many girls. <br /> <br /> Trust me, it's worth seeing, it's full of humor, full of heart and amazing.
