First, Edison Chen did a fantastic and credible job as a cambodian man born and raised in the dump and a gladiator ring, where he improved his wild-life boat to survive, living on the mantle of killing or being killed. In a role that has little or few lines in Cambodian / Thai, his performance is convincing, perhaps what should have been in the Jet Li Danny the Dog, where a man is raised for the sole purpose of fight, and someone else's leash. Like Danny Dog, many talk about battle sequences are not stylistic choreographed, but rather conceived as normal, brutal piracy, in which everything goes. This has probably brought a sense of realism and stones when you see the characters who serve it at the necks of others in defending their own lives while removing it from others. It's a grim, dark and dark film, both literally and figuratively, and this makes it different from the usual escapes from the thriller for police. Edison plays a gun from Cambodia, who is fugitive in Hong Kong, fleeing from the cops, while his pickup was bad. Chase's leadership is the team led by Cheung Siu-Fai, who has to fight with Inspector Ti (Sam Lee), whose inclusion and acceptance is related to his father's sins. So start a cat and mouse game in the dark shades and shadows of the Hong Kong poor. The story itself works on several levels, especially in the studies of the hit man and the policeman. On opposite sides of the law, we see within each character not black and white, but shades of gray. With the man-struck, we see his side of care when he engages and develops feelings of love for a girl (Pei Pei), bringing a sense of maturity, sensitivity and revealing a golden heart. The policeman, with questionable tactics and attitudes, makes you wonder how you shudder when you want to do everything you need to do your job. There are many interesting moments of moral queries about how anti-hero strategies are adopted. You will wonder what a man means and what makes a beast and if we tend to change parts according to circumstances, do we have that dark inner darkness in us all, turning from man to dog and dog into man? Dog Bite Dog hangs from the beginning and never lets you go to the end, although there are points in the middle that seemed to pull, especially in his joyful moments, and he also suffered not knowing when to end. If I had to choose a favorite scene, then it should be the one in the market center of feeding - extremely well controlled and delivered, a suspension edge of your seat's moment. Listen to the musical scores and do not dream if you hear the sound of dogs. Highly recommended, especially if you think you've seen almost everything from the genre of the cop's thriller.
