Despite being quite far from my expectations, I was very impressed with Dog Dog Bite Dog. I hired her without knowing much about it, but I was essentially expecting to be a martial art / action movie in Hong Kong's traditional tradition of action, about which I am a dedicated fan. I've come to get something completely different, which is not bad at all. While the movie could be classified as such and there is certainly good action and a hand in hand, the scenes of the fight in the movie is certainly not the main objective. His characters are infinitely more important to the film than his fights, a rather unusual thing in many action films in Hong Kong. I was really surprised by the complexity of character and character relationships in the movie. The main character, played by Edison Chen (who is really very good), becomes infinitely more complex until the end of the movie than we ever thought would be after the first thirty minutes. Police characters also defied my expectations well. In fact, the honest and honest portrait of the dark side of the police forces was quite possible my favorite film aspect. I do not know I would say Dog Dog Bite completely undermines the typical notions of the evil killer, the good cop, but he certainly distorts him in ways that are not often seen in the movie (unfortunately). So many films, especially the Hong Kong action films they find, portray the police in what is truly a VERY ignorant light of idealization. This is one of my less favored things about gender. I was pleasantly surprised to see that Dog Dog Bite actually had very unique and very courageous ideas to present about police forces. There are bargaining scenes in this movie I have never seen before, and doubt that I will see again and I'm sure I will remember for a while. Also, the criminal characters are presented and from an interesting perspective, in the Cambodian boys' film there are documentary films in which no more than ten were made to fight between them to death with bare hands, which I thought is one of the most powerful and exciting moments of the movie. There's a lot to say about why these guys are as they are, rather than just condemning them. Also, the relationship between Chen's character and the girl he encounters in the junk yard reveals a lot about his character. It was not until this element came into the movie where I began to see the film as an emotional experience, rather than a visceral one. There is something about most of the relationships on the screen that do not give me much, but for some reason this really did. The actress does an incredible job with this role that I do not imagine it would be easy to play. The dog's dog also has a truly amazing cinema, however, unfortunately it is quite uneven. There have been some moments that I have found really striking, especially in the last segment of the movie, but there was also a good deal with the camera that was okay. Another slight problem I had was the rhythm, which also seemed uneven. I found a lot of scenes "looking for a boat" to be a little strangled, everyone, however, take it quickly afterwards. The action scenes are short and not too abundant, but they are really strong and effective, especially to the end. The choreography of the struggle is not exactly impressive for the most part, however, because it is solid and fairly realistic, but the real strength is the emotional content behind the battles. The final scene, though not a martial art martial art or choreographic fight, is one of the most powerful final battles I have ever seen and I've seen quite a lot of martial arts. the biggest determinant of whether or not someone will get a lot out of Dog Dog Bite is whether or not you can connect with the characters. All of these are definitely the worst characters someone sees in a movie of any kind, but it was something very humane for all of them, whom I can only help to be attracted and really feel for them, especially Chen's Girlfriend. I should say that I doubt that most people will want the movie as much as me, because I imagine that most people will not want or care about the characters in the same way, but I still strongly recommend it. It is truly a moving and effective film if you give it a chance.
