I have to be right - I have not seen a movie as solid as DOG BITE DOG in quite a long time. I am a great fan of CATIII's "school age" films from the 80's to the mid-1990s and I've heard that this "style" of movies makes a little come-back with films like this and GONG TAU from Herman Yau which I have not seen yet from this writing ...), so I was very interested in making a shot of some of these newer CATIA films. Was this movie consistent with my expectations? Absolutely - but not in the fashion I imagined. The story comes after a young animalist, talented and practically unstoppable, with somewhat vague history coming to Hong Kong to complete a "mission". Because of an evil, he is quickly identified by a rougher copy (which releases many of the same qualities as our hit man) and is quickly recognized and captured. This state of affairs does not last long, because the unnamed assassin escapes from his captors and quickly shows the local police that they do not have to be easily taken. The hunter is on, and a cat and mouse game between the police and the "crazy dog" (as the police refer to) is taking place. Along the way, the crazy dog ​​is unexpectedly friendly with a young woman trying to get involved, and a relationship is formed between the two when it helps them get out of a sticky situation. The ante continues to rise, Mad Dog's only goal is to leave Hong Kong and again in Thailand by any means necessary and the policemen continue to try to spin him alive ... write ten paragraphs about this complex and well-strated film, but I do not want to give too much. I watched DOG BITE DOG without knowing anything about the premise and I think it is the type of film that is certainly better appreciated in this way. As for the comparisons with older CATIII movies ... there are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG has some hyper-violent moments reminiscent of "good days," but it's never as obscure or dirty as old classics such as STORIA UNTOLD or RED TO KILL. If many of CATIII's oldest intentions were to "shock" - DOG BITE DOG is a much more thoughtful and better rounded production (although that does not mean to take anything from those KIDS movies that I have so dear.). This movie is more "emotional" than the exploiter, and as we learn more about their characters and environments, the audience begins to bind and identify with both sides. There are really "good" and "bad" boys, because the crazy dog ​​shows moments of extreme compassion, and the cops are approaching extremely unorthodox methods to try to reveal the killer. There is also nudity / sex in this movie, which is a typical feature of older movies. Personally, I would compare DOG BITE DOG more with SYMPATIA WAR for MR. VENGEANCE or perhaps BANGKOK DANGEROUS by Brother Pang, both of these films combining emotionally emotional emotions with powerful and violent actions. Again - it's not much I did not like this movie. The act is dead, the cinema is sharpened and well done, and the whole film combines skillfully with several different elements successfully in a way that is not seen very often. It's this film (and others like this ...) "rebirth" of CATIII - not exactly - but it's a very solid movie worth checking out ... 9/10
