Those individuals familiar with Asian cinema as a whole are aware that Japan is renowned or renowned for its hyper-violent films, and Korea is now gaining reputation for brutal brutal movies. Dog Bites Dog, while not necessarily hyper-violent as the most crazy Miike movie, and not brutal as some more ambitious efforts of Korea, is perfect with their own brand of brutality. The biggest force this film has, like most of the Japanese or Korean efforts, is that brutality, rather than falling from the film, actually develops the characters, if not, pushing the story forward. The two main characters are both incredibly vicious individuals with their own motivation and emotional basis to be as such. Sam Lee's character, for example, is at the beginning and slowly and surely in the middle of various encounters with Chang's character, reveals why he is. Without destroying this part of the story too much, it involves the father's ambiguous moral nature. Chang's character, on the other hand, has his most primal instincts, if not perfection, brutal efficiency. Surprisingly, Chang's story, while not necessarily revealing a more human part, actually reveals a part of our animal nature that many forget about the natural ability to recognize an injured man (and I'm not talking about Sam Lee, Pei Pei garbage dump character face). Eventually, however, for the first 80 minutes, it is a cat or mouse more or less straight, or Dog Dog Chase, a film in which each encounter ends in at least one death (seriously, once Sam Lee and Chang Square off, some will die) and the fun part of the movie you never know who the hands will do the act. Which brings us to a single weakness of the movie. Unforunatley, who would have been another spoiler, would, however, be guilty of pushing one of the main points of the film because, rather than letting the point be made as it is with 80 minutes in the film, the film goes for yet 20 minutes to highlight it. Do not misunderstand me if it goes better than 80 minutes to the climax and if the final act was not full of sweet music (in fact, if, like most of the film, it kept the music at the smallest minimum and allowed the sound effects disturbing to do their job), it could still work and not distract the movie. As it happens, despite the fact that the third act had the most vicious and bloody encounters, the way he was treated made him feel attached and almost insult the spectators' intelligence, because he felt he had to go both far . Still, it is still a breath of fresh air from the Hong Kong cinema, as even the bloody martial arts films never touch the level of viciousness and brutality while preserving the character of the tactful springs.
