WOW. If you think a movie can not get tired in a way, then you have not seen Dog Dog Bite. This film does not shoot and does not move away from the very disturbing images. Like Salo, it shows us the dehumanization of the human spirit. It's tough, dark, depressing and hopeless, but it's also one of the best movies ever to come from Hong Kong. The script is much more similar, but it does not go further believing it is incredibly clichy. In principle, it is a worrying and obsessive detective in a cat and mouse game, against a professional and excited man. While the script does not offer anything new to the surface, it offers many questions about the dark side of mankind. Is violence really necessary? Are we becoming more or less human when we abuse a 5-year-old child without mercy, without remorse? In our turn, we humans act no less than rabbit dogs when we are blinded by rage, this is a sad truth. It is a subject that the director explores brilliantly, without being limited at all. In addition to tracking the cat and mouse, the script also develops two distinct lines for the main characters. One is about love and the other about redemption. Even if the script is not new, it's still great writing and keeps you glued to the chair at all times. <br /> <br /> The actor is indeed very good. Edison Chen, as Hitman, is incredible; he proves he is not just a beautiful face. He is ruthless, fierce and beyond love. Sam Lee as an obsessed policeman is also remarkable. Support, in short, is excellent. Music is also worth mentioning. A very brilliant score by Ben Cheung, with some effective melodies in the light, played at the dark moments of the movie. Also, Yuen Man's cinema is very good. In general, this movie CATIII is highly recommended. Very good paced, incredibly actionable, great and very good at the end of all. However, as many have pointed out, it is not a movie for everyone. If you do not like strong violence then you should stay away from it. If you do not like to see the strong negativity in the movie, then this is not for you. Finally, a powerhouse movie, 8/10.
