It's remarkable and quite trustworthy how writers and directors continue to make great movies from one of the oldest and oldest story verses used in cinematography! "Dog Bite Dog" is no more than the simple story of a lonely couple who obsessively follows a brilliant criminal, only Pou-Soi Cheang distinguishes his film from the rest by being extremely violent and tireless. This is undoubtedly one of the most serious and uncompromising films I've ever seen, with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to come from hell! Not even the cuts in Chan-Wook Park's trilogy of revenge (except "Oldboy"), or any other Cat-III infamous movie ever released, were as sadistic and brutal as some of the events described in "Dog Bite Dog ". Pang is a young and ruthless Cambodian killer who landed on the crowded streets in Hong Kong to remove the wife of an eminent judge in a restaurant. When the police arrive at the place, young officer Wai sees Pang moving away from the crime scene and following him. The first real confrontation between the two rabbit dogs results in a gigantic blood bath because Pang mercilessly kills more hostages and even Wai's friend and colleague. Since then, a thrilling and action-packed action game has begun with the cat and mouse between the frustrated cop and the professional murderer. The latter also saves a young girl from her father's constant sexual abuse and remains with her in the local garbage can. What makes this routine / thriller action so fascinating (apart from explicit violence) is the mediums of the main characters! Pang, the man-hit, is an Orphan in Cambodia and has been trained to fight and kill for money ever since he was a child. He knows no restrictions, has no mercy, and barely speaks. Wai, the policeman, has become particularly ruthless and unorthodox, since his role model father (and a policeman) is in a coma after a drug incident. Lai does not question suspects and witnesses; he screams at them and is ready to sacrifice everything to stop his new nemesis. People with poor stomach or embarrassed nerves are advised not to abstain from this movie because the cruelty and shocks that appear in Dog Dog Bite can easily cause nausea. It is not the type of violence in which the bloody heads and the chopped limbs blow through the air, but more like an intense and disturbing type in which people try to crush their opponents both mentally and physically. Filming locations are actually dark and misleading, and extremely sophisticated music makes the already terrifying tone of the film even more pitifying. Performances are great! I would not be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee treated each other as enemies on the set film, because their hate and disgust on the screen felt too little legitimate. Dog Dog Bite is a powerful and unforgettable movie, highly recommended if you can stomach it. If you're afraid you can not, wait a few years for the inevitable American remake that will undoubtedly soften the premise.
