Finally, we have a third category movie for the 2006 summer season. Made of cruelty, murder and passion, the dog's dog does not only have a good title but also a flexible direction, a superb cinema and respectable performances from the most involved. Of course there has to be a trap, manifested here in the form of a number of flagrant inconsistencies, yet still told everyone that DBD is the mature spirit that we would love to see more in the HK mainstream. marks the announced return of Edison Chen, much absent from the original D landing a year ago. Chen's machismo is marvelous for the film, but it would have been tough without Sam Lee, whose crazy "N 'the City, No Problem 2" and the threat of madness culminated in the strongest role saw him from Made in Hong Kong. Together, the duo makes Dog Dog Bite, and we hope that Edison will get an easier break from now on as a consequence: his touch has transformed the Princess D projects into the Infernal Affairs saga, and yet it remains a rare event. Mostly at the beginning, DBD presents some fascinating images, playing gorgeous tricks with light, shadows and perspective. The soundtrack amplifies this atmospheric effect, adding to the unreal mood of the film. Much of the resulting combination probably has to do with writer Matt Chow, who was previously involved in the Three Extreme. Dog Bite Dog retains many features resurfaced from this horror project, namely urbanscapes rundown and an omnipresent air that shines around the corner. Be sure, however, this film is not a horror movie, a path trampled before the classic One Nite in Mongkok, though from a much more perverse angle. By replacing Daniel Wu's assassin, we have Edison, playing an unnamed killing machine that came from the underworld of Cambodia. He sent Hong Kong to execute a single target, the almost silent assassin takes care of the business right after arrival, a coldly illustrated process coursing the shining images of the film. Although they have been weaned since childhood to become the killer's professional, Edison's wild eponymous dog still has human weaknesses and leaves a trail taken by a CID team sent to investigate. This ensemble has a beautiful camouflage by film-maker Lam Suet and good support from TV star Wayne Lai. However, Sam Lee's renegade officer, Wai, leads the accusation, revealing that he is a very disturbed but excellent individual, however. We gradually learn Wai's internal conflict stems from his father's corruption, police corruption, evoking demons at hand in the uninterrupted pursuit that follows. A small number of cadres arise because Edison seems to think that prisoners are not. There is quite a lot of the stock of violence in the stock, even if the gore per se feels toned in the places, and the language of the adults makes only a token look. Once again, no nudity that leads to the conclusion that Cat III is not being sent a little in a hurry these days. However, DBD is a relatively mature cinematic version and we applaud its arrival. Between fighting, stabbing, hacking, and shooting, even a career killer needs a love affair and, like Daniel Wu, he has Cecilia Cheung in One Nite, as well as Ms. Chen, bring a loving one, beautifully made by the new Pei Pei pilgrim. His unusual character (a lot of anonymity in this) meets Edison in a strange waste landfill, abused by his father to the point of repulsive madness and the desire to escape. When the killer traces HK, he agrees to take it with him, and they go together, love blooming the route. While the film does not stop in love, our hearts go to Pei Pei's tragic character and endless suffering. It makes the protagonist shy, but valid, amazingly well, establishing that there are no good or bad boys here, evoked by the extremely sobering ending. Cheang Soi's portfolio includes the recent Home Sweet Home suspense thriller, and I love the battlefield with Eason Chan, two numbers probably overtaken in most accounts by Dog Bite Dog's sinister behavior. Cheang manages to keep the DBD flow, and given the many parts here, it is up to critical standards highlighted by people like Johnny To in his nocturnal era, the Mission. Several bullets happen, so Edison will miraculously lift a blow to the chest, but they are extremely forgiving. The triumphant mark is back for two talented young artists such as Hong Kong, if we want to go back to the end of the movie, Dog Dog Bite does not stand out. Its strengths are in strong portraits and style, stifled along the muscular force and an eye eager for visual and auditory finesse. HK has a long and honored tradition of storyline with the city night alter-ego, something Dog Dog Bite Dog supports with love, meaning a solid run, if not an absolute masterpiece. Rating: * * * *
