Most reviews say this is the weakest point in Hamilton's short career. This movie is a bit different from the rest and considering it the best or the worst depends on what you expect from a movie and what you expect from Hamilton. Knowing Hamilton as a photographer, you can easily be surprised. While Bilitis resembles her books in a movement with all those young girls who discover her relationships with others at the lesbian edge, with a plot that links these scenes, Laura focuses on a few characters, which allows the development of relationships between them (men-model-artist), but although we see beautiful pictures, many of them better than their average, their number is reduced for the sake of the plot. Trends in trends differ from both, it's just Hamilton's movie that looks more like a movie than a collection of moving photos. For this reason, a broader audience than Hamilton's fans may be acceptable, pointing out as an erotic comedy (but not soft-core German - Schulmädchen fans will be very disappointed). You will not laugh too much, but you can smile (and that's not the case from Hamilton many times). Unlike all other Hamilton movies, women's age varies. Unlike other movies, the main character is a boy. Unlike ordinary works, it is not taken out of time and out of time. We have characters who live their lives, have their destiny and do not just lead us from one photo to another, from one nude girl to another. Sadly, Hamilton (again) is losing a script in his hands. Girls on the beaches, under the shower, in low-light rooms, in gardens, under tents, in front of the mirrors, whatever the amount of clothes - this is his territory, he can shoot minutes and hours, and everything that will make you feel always the eye and the artist's hand behind her. But when he has to show up his usual everyday life, he is no longer Hamilton, and he becomes the middle director who follows the script. Hamilton is best known for his nudes, but they are just part of his work. And in Tendres's spills we have a reverse situation: his girls are not in the best photos. Nature, the garden, the house remind us of Hamilton's work (often neglected part of it), while the girls, even when naked, have nothing special in the way he presents us. Maybe Hamilton was confused with a boy in front of the room, maybe he was thinking of a line that censorship would accept, maybe he was really trying to do something new (and no one dared to let them not to say), but he neglected what was most praised.
