I like David Hamilton's artistic photographs of women's nude ladies' frontiers, sometimes erotic, although they are not pornographic. Someone liked them too, because my books David Hamilton were stolen. In a book were seen some pictures of a boy, obviously nude, intimate with an older woman than him, also nude. Although discreetly, there was a strong sexual connotation. A new territory for David Hamilton, which turned out to be either photos from the Tendres Cousines, or perhaps pictures taken on the set. The art of photography is not, unfortunately, automatically translated into cinema. The soft focus becomes un-focused and discrete angles become confused, perhaps because they can not be considered in motion. You either see it or lose it, and there is no time to notice, to understand. The film should be a hoax and funny things happen, but it does not hang together, maybe because the story grows so slowly and can wonder what's going on. Eventually, 14-year-old Julien has sex with his cousin, but it's a soft core with no genital contact on the camera. Since it's a farce, we have a disappointing virgin and a mess in the bands of the act, and after I get them, Julien's father even gives him a cigarette to complete the experience. Honestly, the film is French and conforms to French cinematic forms, which may be too subtle for most Americans, even with subtitles in English to help Philillistines along. It has been suggested that this film is child pornography and that certainly results from today's climate in which sexual exploitation of children is clearly a serious problem. No one in their right mind wants to support or seem to endorse the sexual abuse of children, so there is practically no place for children to be seen even in the most gentle erotic context without immediately activating alarms about sexual violence and sexual exploitation. Boys will think "Lucky Julien!" even if I agree that sex and children in movies are "a bad thing," always wanting Julien to be that age. Women may also have similar thoughts, but all these considerations have to be pushed out of the conscious mind. From a hysterical point of view, the worst assumptions have become automatic, and children and sex problems are rigorously avoided. Too bad that sexual awakening is a real human experience. However, children grow up and become sexes, as Julien does. It is a suitable literary subject, including cinema, but taboo under the threat of sexual violence against children. I think David Hamilton was in danger of making a film on this topic even in 1980. He was somewhat successful in exploring this sensitive subject and unfortunately we are unlikely to see better in the near future because of the fear of pornography children.
