It was a really fun movie and I really liked it, I did not usually rent movies like this (indie flicks), but I was attracted to the film because it had an incredible cast that included Jamie Kennedy, which I loved him from the Scream trilogy. The film director has risked (and is a risky risk) to tell the lives of many people (and I mean many) and have different intervals. Assuming this risk was a good idea because the end result is an extremely good movie. <br /> <br /> The movie has some MAIN characters; Dwight (Jamie Kennedy) - a disgruntled cookie writer whose relationship with his girlfriend is on the stones because of an argument. Wallace Gregory (John Carroll Lynch) - a charger / airplane technician who has a love for all living things (except maybe camerists) and who, despite his good heart, has a growing number of bad luck. Cyr (Brian Cox) - the owner of a Chinese grocery store / shop, which is germ-bob and fear of germs, puts his assistant / chef Sung (Alexis Cruz) under pressure to keep up with the phobia. Ernie - (Christopher Bauer) is married to Olive - (Christina Kirk) whom she is convinced to try to do; stop him from having fun, looking ridiculous, going crazy and not living a normal life. They start to have minor and almost insane arguments, and Olive seriously begins to have doubts about Ernie. Gordon - (Grant Heslov) is a man whose life does not work very well, as evil things begin to gather in his life, he decides to take it in his hand. Mitchel - (Jon Huertas) is convinced that Gwen - (Alexandra Westcourt) is the face of his dreams and that they are destined for each other, although he is more skeptical. He tries to endure any chance he receives and certainly tries! Johnston - (Michael Hitchcock) has just been fired from work and has doubts about his role as a provider, he takes another job for which it is not appropriate. Annelle's wife (Arabella Field) is reassuring by the experience of losing her job until she finds out that Johnston was not exactly the loving husband she thought she was. Overall, I suggest this movie! <br /> <br />
