The only reason I'm giving this a 9 is that the other child actors who played Tadashi's torture were not at work. I suppose it was just kids that happened to be the right age and handy, but they were not well trained, and their scenes were a minor annoyance. <br /> <br /> I say we do not judge it according to American standards because it is full of ambiguities and the sort of ambiguity that Japanese culture encompasses lightly and is not aware of the moral constraints of black hats / For example, there is a particularly funny moment when Tadashi's little band of yokai comrades discourages and abandons the other yokai, and Shojo - the wizard Kirin Avun - does what many would do a stressed Japanese adult Suggestion: This would not be the case in a Disney movie. This image also has the best beer placement you'll ever see in the children's movie. <br /> <br /> May Early, it is a time when a school teacher snapped a couple of aggressors on the head with their presence card. It was a television commercial in Japan a few years before this movie came out. t with stop-motion about a child who is depressed, singing guitar and singing blues in his room. His mother shouts at him from below to keep quiet. Then someone gives him a candy and cheers and plays a happy song, but his mom comes in and tells him to shut himself up again and gives him a damaging hand that leaves a dent on his forehead. I mention this ad because it was considered funny and I did not hear any objection to her while I was there. There is much more bloodshed and cruelty on the screen in the "Great Yokai War" than it is in a Disney movie. As a parent, if it were a movie in the US, I would be in the arms about such things, though not necessarily the moral lessons drawn at the end of the painting, which, of course, are also black and white. Since it is a Japanese movie, I accept that these cultural norms allow images that do not exceed the standards and practices of policemen in a US production. However, I would probably be a little restless, keeping little children seeing them without giving them a kind of pre-show and / or post-show briefing about violence and other things out of color or I would wait until you're older to show them.
