Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy duoes in history, and deservedly, so I'm happy to see any of their movies. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is approaching the completion of his rejuvenation formula, with the ability to reverse aging after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are baskets that get to work, and very quickly Ollie wants to get rid of Stan's mistake. Ollie roof goes to help the other end of the brush at the top of the chimney, but Stan ends in the living room and pushing it back into the bridge. After breaking an extension, Stan receives a replacement, a loaded gun from the wall, and of course pushes the brush. Stan goes to look, and Ollie, sitting on the door of the roof bridge, falls into the greenhouse. Stan asks if he was hurt, and Ollie answers just "I have nothing to say." Ollie returns roof, and he and Stan ends in a tug and pull a nuisance that ends with the collapse and destruction Ollie chimney. Ollie, great in fireplace is hit on the head many bricks lowered and head Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered by smoke ash cart, oh and Ollie does not have anything to say Stan. The boys decide to cleanse the dirt, and when Stan gives carpet shovel, Ollie asks "You can not do anything right" and Stan responds "nothing to say" and took the shovel head. While Ollie hold a bag for Stan to take shovel ashes, they are distracted by a painting on the wall and ashes end up Ollie's pants, so Stan gets another shovel head. Professor Noodle finishes the formula and takes a final test of a duck, dropping in a water tank, changing it into a duck. He also shows boys his success, turning the chicken into an egg, and he still proposes to use a human subject, that is, his butler. While he left, boys decide to test the formula for themselves, but Ollie ends up being beaten by Stan in the water tank with all the formula. Finally, when he went Ollie, a monkey, and when Stan asks him to speak, all monkeys Ollie say "nothing to say" and Stan fumbles. Filled with wonderful paper and all the classic comedy you might want a black and white film, it's a nice movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were number 7 Comedian Comedian. Very good!
