This is an unusual comedy Laurel & Hardy with something of a divided personality: sometimes it feels like two films made in different styles combined in one short. Fortunately, each portion is funny in itself, and the apparently effortless boys climb the day and synthesize the disparate elements of the film in a whole fun. While I've never heard a fan read DIRTY WORK as Laurel & Hardy's favorite comedy, she's everybody she seems to like. Our story is set in Professor Noodle's house, a key element of the story line: an extremely surprising parody of Mad Scientist scenarios. This marks a rare science fiction adventure for L & H; Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges have been confused with fools far more often than Stan & Ollie. In any case, the teacher is obsessed with creating a rejuvenating sermon to make the younger younger, while his sarcastic mystery, Jessup, expresses the skepticism of the viewer with his rounded eyes and occasional words. Meanwhile, Stan & Ollie are bask wipers who show up in the teacher's home just the day he refines his solution. The "part" of the film consists of a characteristic (but first rate) paper that involves the chimney, the roof, the shovels and a series of misfortunes. If you do not like to watch these boys, do a pregnancy, you probably will not like DIRTY WORK, but for the fans of the team this movie is a feast. The bright light comes when Ollie collapses through the chimney, penetrates into the fireplace, and then bombed with bricks that fall on the head with a rhythmic, precarious precision one by one. I also like shooting Ollie falling from the roof in a greenhouse; the working process is so slapdash I suspect it was something of a joke inside, W.C. mode. Movie films would have the worst projection screens in the world. Paper stuff is fun, but it's the crazy reason for a scientist to make this movie offbeat and two support players deserve a bow of the bowler hat: the prolific character actor Lucien Littlefield is great as a professor, giving his overload lines with joy and cock with hammy joy, while Sam Adams is a stitch in Butler's less spectacular role. As big as Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were at their forefront, it is always worth noting that their supporting films at Hal Roach Studio gave their films a huge boost. Also, the background music of Le Roy Shield, but DIRTY WORK marks a rare occasion from this period that a Roach comedy has no musical accompaniment at all after the opening credits. Music music could have improved the procedures, but it does not matter; this is a very pleasant comedy anyway, and a prime example of what made Laurel & Hardy so popular in their day.
