We found this film the first time we were looking for a piece of work that Stéphane Rideau had done, still in an extraordinary wandering of the beautiful "Les roseaux sauvages" (in Portuguese, Juncos Silvestres) by André Téchiné. We're looking for similar films in the age line. We then discovered the movie "Presque Rien", a film where director Sébastien Lifshitz amazes us, winning a nomination at the Cannes Film Festival in 2000. The story is about two guys next to Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Cédric (Stéphane Rideau), who meet during the summer holidays. In a land far away from where she lives, Mathieu spends her days on the beach with her sister. There he meets Cédric, a place with which this sensual and revealing relationship begins, much by the sensual and seductive personality that Stéphane Rideau gives her characters (in "Les roseaux sauvages," 6 years younger, still preserves sweetness of sweetness seductive, maturing here in experience). An example in directing, in the amorous sequence, in the intimate and confessional description of a boy who is first confronted with his sexuality (and still ambiguous) and with the great love. First love, in her terrible ecstasy of evolution - despair. The best film is the best in France: the passionate passion, the hot and excited rationalism, the brown beauty, the simple and natural acceptance of families, though not without surprise and anger. However, there is beach, brightness, brightness and simplicity in the summer, freshness of the breeze, surge melody, and expressive eyes of an introverted Elkaïm (hesitant, wounded, puzzled, passionate). Sex is not avoided or exploited, it is treated as it is, without exhibit intention. By virtue of pure talent, this is an unusual, unhealthy, dramatic drama that shows an inevitable real picture of the two gay men in their first teens as any ordinary person, though with a social fear of rejection and shame. It's good to see, especially those who adore French films (although the front cover of the DVD is very brilliant, with the two actors starring dozens of stars, lubricated with brilliantine). A wizard film, in my opinion, deserves an 8-9!
