I agree that the film is a bit sluggish at spots that have many daily life scenes and without dialogue. And I was not impressed right after I followed him. However, after a few days, I realized that the movie stays with me and evokes a state of melancholy that is in my mind. My appreciation for this movie is growing. It's certainly worth a bigger consideration than those movies that are instantly forgotten. As many have commented, the film is nonlinear and is a distinctive sign of European film, unlike the linear narrative form Hollywood favors. I do not really know whether it's true or not. Many also do not like the confusing structure and lack of clear explanations. For those viewers, I do not think there are many things I can change my mind about. However, for others who have not yet seen the movie, WANT to be challenged and do NOT expect the movie to provide all the answers and you may come to enjoy it more than you would otherwise do. <br /> <br /> The film jumps around, but chronicles only 3 periods of time. Pay attention to hair style and easily separate 2 out of 3 periods. It is also not as confused as it suggested; just enjoy yourself and everything will be clear at the end. Yes, many things are left unspecified or are not shown, and many situations are left unexplored. But is not it about life? A lot of time you are not sure of the reasons for your friends / lovers if you do not confront them and even then, you will never be 100% sure if they tell you the whole truth. This type of film forces us to interpret the reasons behind the actions. The film, however, leaves enough clues for you to make some reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu is depressed maniacally, to the point of suicide. Why? I do not know, maybe his life does not return exactly as expected; maybe his family is missing, but he did not forgive his father for abandoning his sick mother to his hours of need; Perhaps in turn he sacrifices for Cedric, rearranges and, indeed, destroys his life of being with him, realizes that everything "comes back". I think the director wanted to show us that he was always a little, the fragile mentality of that scene with the dead bird. Perhaps she has a very sensitive psychic and all these stresses take a toll. But we also show that it is not an animal that tortures psychopathy through its loving interaction with the stray cat. There is also a conversation between the doctor and Cedric, who sheds light on the reason behind the division and perhaps the attempted suicide. The doctor asks him if everything is all right and Cedric thinks so, even if he cheated on Mathieu once, but it's nothing, according to Cedric. It's the only reason we do not know, probably others, all mixed together. Is it really important to know exactly what I am? I do not think for this movie. Another sign that shows that it is not compatible at last is the historical scene of the ruins. Mathieu is interested in studying the ruins, Cedric is not. He's the one with the angry hormone that focuses only on the physical part without the intellectual part that Mathieu obviously needs. Finally, the end is really rather hopeful and sweet. I was pleasantly surprised by the reward of events after the grim tone that marks the end. I have two complaints about DVD. One is the sound. It's very soft. I had to get down to the volume to hear the dialogue, and when she went to a bar or outdoor crowd scene she became too loud. The other is that subtitles can not be disabled; they sit on the screen. Most DVDs of foreign movies that were not released by a major studio are unfortunately this way.
