First love is a difficult subject with desperation to convincingly convey in cinema :. The all-encompassing passion involved generally ends like a pale imitation or, worse, slightly ridiculous Lifshitz manages to avoid all traps and offers a movement, sexy story, well-captivating love, disaster and a possible redemption, while tangentially touching some of the deeper topics in the human existence. <br /> The main story is Mathieu, 18, a solitary, an introverted boy who meets Cedric, more brasher, more distant, but equally alone on holiday with his family. As summer gets hot, they fall in love and, at the end of the holidays, decide to live together. A year later, the relationship ends in a catastrophe: Cedric lives on Mathieu, who, distracted, tries to take his own life. He survives and, in order to get a perspective back into his life, he returns to the seaside town where he met for the first time, this time clogged in the cold of winter. If the story has been said so, they do not have the impact it has: much of this is involved, all happens non-sequential intricate narrative is essential to gaining a deeper sense of experienced passions , by using the counterpoint and. temporal perspective. Fortunately, the three terms used (summer love, post-suicide psychiatric hospital and winter reconstruction) are color codes: warm yellow and orange shades for the summer, a nearly frightening cold blue for hospital and brown scenes heating and blues for the seaside. <br /> <br /> Both main actors set in excellent performances though, while it is a delight to see Stéphane Rideau (Cédric) used to its maximum capacity (I am more accustomed to seeing it under - stretched in Gael Morel's rather dramatic dramas), Jérémie Elkaïm (Mathieu) must be nominated for special mention: you can feel loneliness, then his passion almost disbelieving, then his character crashes behind a wall of aphasia. Gorgeous gestures have managed to go far beyond dialogue. The themes approached are almost classical in French cinema: our difficulty in truly understanding what one feels; our difficulty in fully communicating; sands of change of meaning? The title of the movie "Presque rien" shows all of these things and, indeed, in one of the key scenes of the film: In an attempt to understand why Mathieu attempted suicide, a psychiatrist asks Cedric whether he ever cheated on him? "Do not tell me, it's nothing, it's nothing"). Cedric still loves Mathieu? did he bring him to the hospital during the attempted suicide (none of whom we see) and desperately tries to contact him once he leaves? but he can not understand that he has lost him forever, because something that did not seem to him (a senseless adventure) is all for Mathieu. While the film is darker than an unlucky poster Pierre et Gilles suggests, it is not hopeless: we come to see Cédric's slow and painful attempts to get back to life, first through a cat on which adopts it, then through work in a local bar and, finally, in contact with Pierre,. But the story ends: a teenage passion, over a year, another may begin. So what was it? Almost nothing? Surely not when you live it?
