Perhaps "Presque Rien" is not the best movie ever made ... But it's better than most of you said. I have not seen a homo-thematically better film than this. You are the ordinary Americans watching very narrative movies with a clear start, development and results. But European films are less narrative, but they make you think and feel. Many of you have not understood the meaning of the film. The purpose of this film is not to show us a simple "film-loving summer" with commercial characters who "fall in love and live happily forever". The summer and beach holidays are just a background, and this film is directed at every boy who can feel identified with those guys. Maybe some of you did not understand this movie well, because of the 3 tracks, they showed flashbacks. These three moments are: - Summertime in Pornichet when they meet and love each other. - After a year and a half living together in Nantes, Mathieu does not go alone to a psychiatrist. He's trying to commit suicide to take something, and Cedric takes him to the hospital. Later, he appears talking to a psychiatrist to find the reason he did. - The last part is when Mathieu returns to Pornichet, winter, alone ... to think about how his life has changed, how his life has come to life and trying to find himself. maybe some people do not understand this well, because all the scenes are mixed together. But anyway, as I said earlier ... it's not a funny movie. If what one wants to see is flesh, that's why we have Belami movies. Presque Rien, what he wants to show us, is how cruel life can be for a boy who is not sure about his feelings and I'm not sure why to make him alive. Mathieu just wants to leave home and try to live that life he thought would bring happiness. But what seemed perfect at first ... later is not as good as he thought and became troubled, and I feel he has lost his way of life. He is lost and does not know what he really wants to do or what makes him happy. He eventually becomes depressed and tries to commit suicide. <br /> <br /> So funny? It's not a funny movie. Very hot scenes? just a few .. but this is not a movie for entertainment. It's about feelings ... friendship, love, happiness, unhappiness, pain, depression, loneliness ... I, like many others, feel identified with Mathieu's life and problems and that's what the director wanted to do. movie that shows us the cruel reality of a boy's life. <br /> <br /> For me, the best homo-themed movie ever.
