"Presque Rien" is an earlier work by Sébastien Lifshitz, a supernatural writer / director, (with the collaboration of Stéphane Bouquet - the team that later gave us the "Wild Side"). As we understand how Lifshitz's life story, each of his works becomes more comfortable. Allowing his delicate and delicate love story to unfold in the same random way found in the minds of young men confused and uncertain - time now, past time, reflective time, imagined time, time alone - Lifshitz makes his personal stories, involving the spectator with every aspect of character replies. It takes a bit of work to key in his method, but going with his technique draws us deep into the movie. Mathieu (beautiful and endowed with Jérémie Elkaïm) is visiting the seaside for a vacation, a time to allow her mother (Dominique Reymond) to fight her undefined illness, caressed by the worldly and wise Annick (Marie Matheron) and accompanied by his sister Sarah (Laetitia Legrix): Their distant father stayed for business reasons. The tissue in and out of the first moments of the film are images of Mathieu alone, looking depressed, riding trains, talking to someone from a small recorder. We are left to wonder if the action that is taking place is all the memory or contemporary action. While we are at the beach, Mathieu notices a beautiful young man with his age and can feel Mathieu's emotions trembling with confusion. Youth Cédric (Stéphane Rideau) follows Mathieu and his sister's house, continuing the mystery of the attraction. Soon, Cédric approaches Mathieu and a soft introduction leads to a kiss that starts a passionate love obsession. Mathieu is frightened of the direction he takes, rejects Cédric's public approaches, but continues to look for references. The two young people are fully in love with being in love, and putting into practice the physical aspect of this relationship, so necessary for understanding this story, is shared with the audience in some very erotic and sensual scenes. However, as summertime wears Mathieu, a hired student, he realizes that Cedric is a monk who works in a spice support at a carnival. Cedric seems to be the Dionysian partner, while Mathieu is the Apolloian: in a time of ruin, Mathieu is delighted with the beauty of history and space, while Cedric is only interested in this place as a new hideaway for love. Mathieu is a complex person who is confronted with his family ties, tense of critical illness and an unexpressed father, for fear of increasing his sexuality and passion for Cedric. Their moments of joy are disturbed by Cédric's acknowledgment of infidelity and Mathieu's inability to deal with this problem and eventually share. Time passes, family changes are made, and Mathieu moves into depression, including a suicide attempt. The way Mathieu faces all these challenges and finds consolation, quite strangely, in one of Cédric's lovers, Pierre (Nils Ohlund), brings the film into an ambiguous, yet successful, climate. the film the sense of identification with these characters is so strong that the desire to start the film from the beginning with the knowledge of the complete story is strong. Lifshitz gave us a passionate meditation film, conflicts with the passion powers found in love and a silent film of silence and reverie that are incomparably beautiful. The whole distribution is superb and the direction is gentle and challenging. Lifshitz is certainly one of the strong light of the movie. In French, with subtitles in English. Highly recommended. Grady Harp
