"Come Undone" seems to provoke a lot of opinions among the taxpayers of this forum. Granted, it is a film that promises a gay life, as most viewers expect, and somehow moves away from this promise in an introspective vision of a young man's soul. The movie has a way to stay with us even when it's over. It is a study of how a young man engages in a relationship of love with someone so different from himself who will eventually leave Mathieu confused, wounded and depressed when things go wrong with what hope the relationship would be. If you have not seen the movie, you probably do not want to read it again. Sebastien Lifshitz, the director of the film, recounts the story of Mathieu's Point of View. Most viewers seem to be disoriented by the different moments of the film, but there are suggestions that are not obvious, as can be seen in retrospect. The story is narrated in flashbacks that could contribute to how some people will see the movie. This is a story about condemning the love that Mathieu felt for Cedric and about breaking down their lives together. First of all, Cedric, the handsome young man, follows Mathieu until he can convince him he likes him. Mathieu also feels the attraction for Cedric. We realize how different young people are, how Cedric tells Mathieu's family how he feels that school is not for him. On the other hand, Mathieu, who wishes to be an architect, finds beauty in the abandoned place where Cedric took it. We follow how Mathieu, read from the guide, wants Cedric's attention. When Mathieu comes to his mother, he tells him wisely about the importance of continuing his career. It also highlights what the future would have together, which turns out to be true. Mathieu seems to have learned the lesson on the hard way. He goes to an uncertain life with Cedric and tries to get his own life. I watched him at the hospital talking to a psychiatrist who treated his injured soul. The end can be confusing for most viewers, but there is a moment in the movie when Mathieu goes to work in a bar where we see him wash glasses and watch carefully Pierre, the young man who attends the bar. That's why, when Mathieu searches Pierre for him, it seems to be hard to imagine. However, we have seen how Mathieu is clearly interested in Pierre. The last scene on the beach, when Pierre and Mathieu are walking in the sand, has a hopeful sign that things will be better between them as they follow a boy, apparently lost, but then realizing the father is nearby . <Br /> <br /> Jeremie Elkaim makes Mathieu one of the most complex characters in recent movies. This is a hard-to-understand young man at a simple level. Mathieu suffered a lot, primarily with the separation of his parents, then with his depressed mother and the loss of Cedric. Stephan Rideau, who was seen in other important French films, is as good as Cedric's superficial. <br /> <br /> While "Canceled Come" will share your views, the movie deserves a view because of the complexity and care Sebastien Lifshitz gives the story.
