What is an extraordinary fantastic fantasy, sometimes light and voluminous, with a large budget. Takashi Miike has already demonstrated, until he arrived at the Great War in Yokai, that he could sink into other movies, except for his alleged disappearance of the genre of crime / yakuza (Visitor Q and Andromedia have shown this, the last smaller one). But here, Miike, in his first and only credit cobalt screen, proves that he can deliver the goods to a postmodern fantasy mythical fantasy, and with her CGI boat, creature and makeup effects, and a fight epic that is more like a "festival" than something in the Lord of the Rings. Comparisons can be made on a large scale to be sure, and Miyazaki's most obvious jump for a seemingly unique mixture of heroes of large children, hungry wizards of power, seeking earth's energy as the main source, a machine like the one Greater evil and many bizarre, definite, flamboyant (or Yokai title) creatures. But comparisons can also be made with Star Wars, especially with the Gungan fight in the TPM, and with all the power of play between good and evil, with similar forces. Or anime like Samurai 7. Or, of course, in Henson's films. And through all these comparisons, and even through the flaws or near-moments, Miike is all the same with the sensibilities of the effects and characters. <br /> <br /> Here, Ryunosuke Kamiki plays Tadashi, the prototype child who starts a sort of vagabond and sensitive to things in the world, but he will become a hero in a world that enters the darkness. Darkness comes from a wicked sorcerer who takes his energy from all the vibrations and fury of human life, and who also begins to kill the spirits and other creatures, Yokai, in a fire that sends them gigantic robots with only one mission - to destroy and kill anything in their ways. Tadashi gets pumped to fight with Sato, the wizard, like Yokai, once Sato's great minion and cohort, Agi (Chiaki Kuriyama, Kill Bill's man, other great villains) steals Tadashi's comrade, Sunekosuri. Soon, things end up in a climax that brings to mind many other fantastic movies and stories but can be limited to a point by Miike and his crew. I would probably recommend the Great Yokai Children's War, but in the note it says it's not a watered fantasy in American circles. This has flamboyant creatures including a one-eyed umbrella stand and a walk-in wall, not to mention a turtle, a fire serpent, and a woman who was cursed by Sato. So the variety is high for this purpose, and it can almost feel like creatures and effects - which grow at impenetrable heights when the "festival" strikes with Yokai reaching hundreds of miles. But there is also a feeling of fantasy that is powerful both in light and in darkness, and Sunekosuri is probably the greatest emotional tool available to Miike (and not just because it is cuteness square); where else to get a riled audience than over a little blonde ball of rage that gets into a tragic fight with Tadashi in the form of a robot? <br /> <br /> However, the sense of anarchy that can be found in the brightest places in Miike's career is here, which distinguishes it from its animated counterparts, Muppet and sci-fi. There is bizarre humor as usual, including a song dedicated to the Akuzi beans at a crucial moment in the climax and more than a few fantasy flights with creatures and battle scenes (I liked, for example, the big blue head type must make it smaller, or anxious tortoise-Yokai). The greatest danger with Miike's access to greater special effects and computer witchcraft, which he flirts, is overtaken for this purpose. It's all down, I'm sure with storyboards, and it creates memorable impressions with some compositions (one is when everything is said and done, and Tadashi and "the other" human figure is in the middle of Tokyo while the CGI is sometimes a bit convincing with robots, and interface skirts are too flamboyant, and some visuals such as Yokai overlay that spreads the word about the big festival on the map just seems feeble and bed. I almost wondered if Miike's It could leave Spy Kids quite frankly, but this responsibility, the Great Yokai War, offers more than just some of the enthusiasm, thrill, and the innocent melodrama came with many of the best fantasies of childhood. , as well as traditional Japanese folklore, but the screws are always coming back even in its most absurd and tangled battles. It is not the best film producer but in experimentation in a commercial environment ends up working to its advantage. It has a wonderful message and a cool adventure. 7.5 / 10
