I'm talking about movies about animal care talking. For every wonderful one, like Babe, you are just as poor as the great remake of Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey. Or, for dogs and dogs, you have a great idea for a film that does not meet its potential. When I heard about Paulie, the premise of a parrot I did not like was to fill me with confidence. But I found the movie a pleasant surprise. And he manages to sneak into your heart without realizing. A Russian goalkeeper, Misa Vilyenkov (Tony Shaloub), gets a job in a research lab. One day he hears singing coming from the basement. And when he investigates, he finds a parrot in the cage, singing his heart. Misha gets fascinated by the bird, especially when it turns out that the parrot can not only sing but can talk. And few phrases. It's a parrot that you can actually talk about. The parrot is called Paulie (expressed by Jay Mohr) and recognizes homage to Misha. Asking how this world came to the wise cat in a dusty basement, Misa convinces Paulie to tell him the story of his life. Everything that started when he was a child and in the care of Marie, a five-year-old girl with a stutter. The two became feather birds (OK, bad!). When Marie's parents worried about her close friendship with a bird, they thought they had sent him. And eventually they did after Marie got hurt in a fall after learning Paulie to fly. Desperate to meet with her, Paulie begins a long journey to America, which includes a different number of new landlords flying over long distances and even ending behind bars. In a cage that is! Paulie was one of the many animated films released by DreamWorks in the late 1990s. And, although he has not been allowed the same admissions or boxing successes of Babe, Paulie manages on a lot of levels and is an occasional opera of striking intelligence. Jay Mohr's stand-up style is well suited for Paulie's side. He never plays the role too smart, even though he is a bit clever Aleck. Paulie is worldly, but he is also naive in his way. Because she lived a pretty protected life with Marie, when he was taken, he must deal for the first time for him. And when he gets into the hands of some owners, Paulie promises to reunite with Marie what he thinks. Only for those promises to be broken again and again. Paulie is often a little episodic. There follows the eclectic people Paulie concludes and as she slowly approaches Marie more and more. First, she ends up in a pawn shop, where she is adopted by Ivy (Gena Rowlands), a kind woman who teaches her the meaning of manners. She sympathizes with Paulie's situation and runs an RV in America to find Marie. Paulie is a very exciting occasional movie. His scenes with Ivy are some of the best. Wonderful moments of Paulie dangling on his shoulder singing Tom Jones's numbers. The way in which it inspires the need for hope is great, and some of the dialogues are fairly well written and even provocative of thinking: "There are things in life that you have weakened, because you think that" I will do them but the real thing Ivy has taught me is that you have to live as if it were not later. "The scene in which Ivy is going on the track leaving Paulie alone on his hearts, and the sequence in which he takes the courage to Flying for the first time in the Grand Canyon, which is majestically raised, is a scene so beautiful that it stays with you a few hours after the movie is over, despite a casual moment, there are plenty of laughs to do. of parrots performing at an open-air Spanish restaurant.The Animatronic Effects here are really excellent because four birds make a perfectly choreographic dance and Paulie gets to have a love story. what is shattered when he enters with a small thief (played by Mohr). This may be the only complaint I have. As soon as you feel comfortable in a situation, the movie will then move Paulie to another. The scene in which Paulie is taught to steal money from ATM machines is fun, but a little disturbing. I'm Amazed DreamWorks have been given the chance to include such a scene in a children's movie. And Paulie's diamond robber is an impossible mission. He was caught in the act and sent to the lab for animal testing, where he has since left. The story finally comes to the lab, where Misha promises to help Paulie. Of course I can find Marie. But the final revelation is a scene with such a shocking intensity, I stayed numb for a few minutes. Paulie can never get the longevity that Babe has, but I think it's also a brilliant movie. The same laughs. The same impeccable effects. And the same surprising intelligence. A minor jewel.
