A lot of people got locked up on this film as a movie for kids, and it's certainly though it's one made for adults. Takashi Miike uses the genre of fantasy, especially the genre of children's fantasy, as a launch ramp in the wild, which is the Great Yokai War. The configuration is simple, a boy is chosen to play the "hero" in this year's annual festival, only to discover his role is much more real than he could have imagined. What follows is a hallucinatory, grotesque, capricious and often funny journey through the world of Japanese folklore, but it also expects a bad villain to lose who wants to destroy the world. However, the villain here is not a mere demon, it is the demonic spirit of the accumulated resentment of those things that people "use" and "throw". Bringing a room of hate / pure liquid resentment, the negative character transforms the Yokai colorful vibrant spirits into a harmless robot ten feet high, which arms and eye chains as burning coals (those who played the Sonic video game The Hedghog, a certain Dr. Robotnik who does similar to the cute and cute ones that Sonic had to "release"). The hero in this movie is actually the least interesting character, essentially playing the right man in a world of sudden madness. Although he goes through typical heroic attempts, he does more than he does not pile up, just like many of Yoki themselves who seem to be really defenseless against killer robots, some spirits being eye shadows, speaker walls, or creatures of whose soul goal in life is to count beans ... of course, in this magical world of Miike Yokai's war, even the beans take a magical power when someone believes in them. In a number of ways, this film undermines the normal children's fantasy conventions, as few, if any, characters are heroic, their victory being a combination of happenings, almost arbitrary faith and the desire to party. The Yokai spirits rise up and set up the hide-and-seekers' hiding places after they have failed the end of Earth's invasion of the Earth for a great Yokai festival and even then just to dance and spend. Also, the film does not end with the famous habit, everything ends well and ends with the end, but with a final scene that shows our older hero with an adult job, now incapable of seeing the Yokai spirits in his youth, the evildoer, who is a spirit, can never die. This end, with Yokai's spirit, which is the spitting image of Pokemon's Pikachu, warns us not only to leave our childhood alone, but also to the horrors of too much consumption. The villain is the resentment caused when people no longer respect the world and the objects around them (in Japanese folklore almost every object has a kind of spirit), so when used and discarded, as we do in consumer societies without respect, they become rebellious cars without breath, unlike those seen in modern video games, suggesting that although our imagination and myths do not really die but can be deformed. This is one of the first scriptures that Miike has contributed to, and I think it looks, because there is a conceptual constraint that sometimes gets swept under the carpet through its exuberance for visual play. Although I have been mostly focused on the story (since a lot of users here seem to write it), I want to say that visually is a CGI kaleidescope, stopping the animation, costume and puppets that work remarkably well. There is a dreamlike quality for much of the film, and Miyazaki comparisons are guaranteed, as are NeverEnding Story and Labrynth comparisons, though this movie is clearer and more adult than any of them. Yokai are beaten, brutalized and transformed into hateful cars that believe that even a few people are killed, an aborted deformed calf is born with a male face and dies in the grotesque opening of the film, while a sexually underground, women with the long neck licking our boy's hero, or other persistent memories of the characters touching the thighs of a wonderful young spirit of water like a boy, seem to be a little too long for most western tastes, especially when it comes to a "movie for children". However, they are light enough to attract the attention of adults while they are rather minor, not to traumatizing children to harm. Grims fairy, before the reviews, did much worse, much more often. Everything and all of this is one of the most accessible and employing Miikes yet, with enough drama and visual performances (the Yokai spirits have a humanism and absurd humor for them, who laughs from time to time) to call the audience of all ages and a constant conceptual substratum, strong enough to attract an adult audience that brought their children or perhaps out of a sense of nostalgia for the long lost fantasy films of youth. In the latter group, the film seems to address the most fervent, not only the passive consumption of the world around them, but to show respect for the spirits within them that seemed much closer to reality in childhood. Another beautiful, funny and truly original film from a delightful director who has not come close to his apex. Classic instant.
