A fantastic show and an unrealized classic; The League of Gentlemen remains one of the greatest modern comedies of the past. With a dark and bizarre style of humor that rises above the tedious and formal approach of his inferior successor, but unfortunately more acknowledged, Little Britain, the League of Gentlemen was really something special during a rather quiet epoch in the British comedy. Until the scene arrived, there was never something like the "League of Gentlemen." On the surface, a seemingly simplistic show, the show soon unfolds as a living, sinister, but incredibly hilarious universe, populated with all sorts of comic creations of brilliance. What really puts the show apart from his rivals is his approach to telling the story. Rather than serve re-haunted sketches, barely discovered by others, we see here every individual or group of characters that go through their various travels and story lines. No visit to them is the same and every time we offer a surprise. Gradually, over three series and a special Christmas, the fictional town Royston Vasey is still rising with a grotesque hilarious population. And this is probably the main reason why the show is such a joy to watch (and also the reason why the show would easily deserve more series). Unlike other current shows such as The Catherine Tate Show or more important Little Britain, a character led the course and has the opportunity to deal with it. Several fans' fans, who could easily have been distracted, left before the series arrived, giving them room for his colleagues grow more or allow the introduction of the newest inhabitants of Royston Vasey. Another thing that sets this show over the others is that the writing team approaches the script process with care and intelligence. As mentioned earlier, all four members of the League have a healthy mind when it comes to judging the longevity of their creations and when it's time to we are calling it to some characters. This awareness also meant that the League of Gentlemen suffered a bold evolution that is not usually seen in a show of this nature. The third, narrative and much darker series is a bold move away from the first two series based mostly on sketches, and this bold move of the League really pays. In the third series, it is less urgent for them to be satisfied with an audience and, like Christmas, they follow individual stories with a clear narrative, unlike the previous sketch series "which (successively) sketches in a long series of arcs. <br /> <br /> The third series is both an invigorating change in style of rhythm and a true livelihood for fans who have already seen the first two. In spite of some polarized opinions about the third series, any true fan of the League will appreciate what the third series will be able to offer, as well as really enjoy character-based episodes that only deepen into their favorite fans, come characters that might not It may take a bit of trying to change in style, but it certainly deserves, and in my opinion, the third series is the best and also gives a firm conclusion of the series. f his glitches and, very occasionally, certain characters and sets appear to some extent, but mostly the genius's writing, the dark nature of the show and a number of brilliant characters (often too close to real life) make for a true betrayal and to prove what it should be about comedy and puts many of the latest comedy, shame
