I can not believe that it has been ten years since this show broadcast for the first time on television and delighted viewers with its unique mixture of comedy and horror. This is the show that gave birth to much of the modern British humor: Dr. Groaznic's Oribil's House; Garth Marenghi's Darkplace; Mighty Boosh; The foam box. Many have imitated the style of this show and do not dispute that some have exceeded its quality. But Jermy Dyson deserves to be remembered for the trend began, with actors Mark Gatiss, Steve Pemberton, and Reece Shearsmith. <br /> <br /> Together, they created Royston Vasey, a small sinister town in the idyllic countryside of England, where tourists and passers-by meet an obsessive couple who wants to keep the local city free of strangers; where the unemployed are abused and insulted at the placement center; where a farmer uses real people as scarecrows; where a veterinarian kills all the animals he is trying to cure; where a gypsy circus kidnaps people; and if the butcher adds something secret but irresistible to the food to hook people off. <br /> <br /> This is just a damn what the viewer can find in the League of Lords. In itself, the three actors give birth to dozens and dozens of unique characters. Makeup and prosthesis are so good, I actually thought I was watching a lot more actors on the show than they existed. But it is also a great action: the way they change their voices and the movement of their bodies, really become other people. Most jokes start with something ordinary, from real life, then blow up uneasily, sometimes scary. Sometimes it is a pure horror, without being established, as in the character of Pope Lazarus. Imagine a creepy circus owner on make-up barging in the house and kidnapping one's women to be his wives. No explanation has been given. It's scary. Then there are many references to horror films: Se7en, The Lamb of the Lamb, Nosferatu, The Exorcist, etc. Horror fans will love him, comedian fans will love him. As every traveler's entry knows, there is a sign there saying "Welcome to Royston Vasey: You will never leave." Any spectator who offers a chance will agree. Once you discover the League of Lords, you will not want anything else, you will never forget it.
