This is probably the best television show I've ever seen. I saw her for the first time on Comedy Central a few years ago. At that time I was not aware that it was dramatically edited and I was shown inappropriately and I saw all three series in order and unchanged (thank you internet and your wonderful "series of tubes") I am SO GAD I am rediscovered! I think Comedy Central chose and chose the road through series one and two to make a "season" ...... and I tried to make my friends and family look at her, but nobody liked (I need new friends). So, alone, I did everything I could. Even when I felt it had dropped a bit, I felt compelled to keep looking. Years after discovering the UK, I immediately recognized Pauline of LoG as having influenced Marjorie in Fat Fighters. I also like the idea of ​​the writers who act the whole show ... (it's not new, but it's perfect here). LB has nothing on LoG! (No offense, Matt & David ... I love you)! This is indeed a piece of dark comedy genius. Serial Crime, Default Cannibalism ... you name it and it's probably found in this wonderful, unique piece of TV art. The photos from the first scene are very cool and they seem to embrace you in the town of Royston Vasey ..... You will never leave again! I think my favorite character should be Tubbs, but each character presented has its own "charm". My least favorite was Pope Lazarous, who was until he reaffirmed in Series Three (smart and completely unexpected)! It is best to watch multiple episodes in a row because it leads continuity and, as I said earlier, becomes so convincing (while rejecting) that you can not stop. This is not for those with poor stomachs, children, conservatives or grandparents (unless you have a salty grandmother)! I have always loved British television, especially comedies, from Monty Python to Benny Hill, Red Dwarf to Keeping Up, Absolute Fabulous and British Original Coupling and Office (but not their American counterparts .... I'm sorry). This is different from any of them because it completely plays the line between what is fun and what is just sick and twisted. Nothing, nothing in American television has ever come close to this level of entertainment. American television is so sad and lame, I can not wait to look at anything. It's rather sad that our television channels do not have the courage to show unadjusted versions of this jewelry (your loss, Comedy Central). Fortunately, there are performances like this, which come from "over the pond" that redeems the entire environment in every decade or so. The US base cable has made tiny steps over the last few years in "crossing lines" with higher sex content, drug use and adult language, but still there are still years since the decision to be Adults to show real life , adult behavior (instead of just obsession with murder and blowing up things, sheesh is like the same show base format for the past 35 years)! You do not even bring me to American sitcoms! Loss of time and a lot of wasted money ...... Did you know that "According to Jim" has been in the air for 10 years ??? 10 YEARS?? Anyway ... Watch this show, get it on DVD, do what you need and then make your friends see it too! You have not seen that before. There are three specialties that I have not followed yet ... I save them to come out to my best friend when they visit. They will follow them, even if I have to launch it and paint it with excrement! Lines and lines and lines and lines! Keep in mind that the three series are moving away from one and two ... the bigger city seems to fall to focus on newer characters, the piece of laughter has disappeared (thanks to hell), the theme is more band and less orchestra and a little of the story takes place outside of Royston Vasey. Do not be thrown by any of them until the end, the series kept the quiet perversity for the first time demonstrated in series one and two. I think these four guys created something undefined. Brilliant, confident and absolutely demented. You'll want to re-watch it again and again. It's amazing that in 5 seconds of screen time, they can go from cheap noises to terrible blasphemy, then end up with only one facial expression of a single actor. If I ever met any of the writers / performers, I would have begged them not to recreate it or try to put it in the lead .... I would just say, "Can I help you at all?" (Then he probably would snap me, so I would ask him to sign the mark)! 10 out of 10
