The League of Gentlemen is one of the funniest, weirdest, darkest and most memorable comedies of our time. So much, he paved the way for more of his comedies, many of them copied the style, but they never did. Unlike any other scene showing around the League Gents characters are all poorly connected. First of all, everyone lives in the fictional town of Royston Vasey, behind beyond the north of England. <br /> <br /> The first characters to greet newcomers are Tubbs and Edwrad, the piggery owners facing a local store that is supposed to be so far that most people probably do not know about its existence. Other curiosities include: the Denton family, with obsession with hygiene, chastity and frogs; Hillary Briss, who sells a special brand of meat; Pauline, a reboot officer with a sharp tongue and clearer pens; Mister. Chinnery, veterinarian with kindness and threat to all four-legged things; Geoff Tipps, a vendor of plastic with a vicious sense of humor, often involving guns, electric tubes and. . . . . . . PLUMS !!!!! <br /> <br /> Despite a comedy at heart, the League of Gentlemen often transcends genres, without ever falsifying or extracting other people's material. There are several horror references, such as the disappearance of an excursionist, a pair of silent twins, an ordinary circus possessor, and a sudden outburst of nasal bleeding. Even more striking are the moments in which the series has a more sober tone, and the above mentioned characters, such as Pauline and Geoff, are presented in a more sympathetic and more vulnerable light. Adaptation to film is the best demonstration of this, but some fans may decide to belong to the site. The third, equally undervalued series, has another route, instead of sketches each episode focuses on an individual character with each story leading to a conclusion involving a plastic bag and a theater company sold. Although many fans can not enjoy the structure of the film or the third series as much as the first two, they are certainly signs of how inventive the League of Gentlemen is and how afraid to explore new areas. <br /> <br /> In short, the League of Gentlemen is definitely worth looking, just as signs of welcome say: NEVER DO NOT GO!
