What do you have to do if you pass the Matrix with the Truman show? I'm sure you've seen Matrix so far. Matrix creators say it's "inspired by anime." Just by watching the trailer at this classic, you can see where they took the plot from. The film is a kind of set in 1980 Japan, and it really looks. Costumes, music and words (in the recent English version of AD Vision) are all as if they were taken directly from the time. I think it was done at that time, but due to some plotting points, it does not date the movie! As you probably guessed by my reference to The Matrix, the world is not real. It's not even the 1980s. In fact, it's more like the 2480s. After a nuclear war, the earth's ecosystem (or the "prime biosphere") was destroyed. Survivors are forced to flee to space where the conflict continued. Once the planets (or "Biospheres") have been abandoned, people have begun to live in MegaZones - cities within space ships where Truman Show's hypnosis and illusion techniques have been made to believe we are again on earth in the smallest time in recent memory ... In the 1980s. When the young Shogo gets a mysterious and advanced motorcycle, it makes him learn more than he should know ... Garland (a bicycle becoming a model), a weapon in the 2400s, helps Shogo escape the military pursuit. As more and more is revealed about MegaZone, the war is closer to home, and because of conflicts between military and computer, the war also comes in MegaZone ... I apologize if these points are considered spoilers, plot is underlined, in principle, in this way on the synopsis. <br /> <br /> Emotions run great in this movie, moreso than the Matrix. You really think the war is happening and that Shogo really gets stuck with what he discovers. What begins like a 80-year-old uber-happy blow becomes a tragic story of war and unrealism. These characters are real people, not the cardboard cutouts that I have seen rotating around the bullet-time in The Matrix. There is indeed the sense of suffering people who can go through being caught in such a conspiracy and war. He might suffocate you all the way ... I know I did. The animation is quite impressive for her birthday, and the image quality on the ADVision DVD is unbelievable for her age. Art style is beautiful and reminds of traditional, very cultural anime. Be prepared for a lot of violence and blood, there is also an erotic sex scene. The end can be regarded as a "there can be no end", similar to Matrix, or, it is supposed to be followed by a continuation that I have not yet had the pleasure of following. I have to say that this is one of the best animes I've ever seen, one of the best movies I've seen and considered by many to be one of the greatest animations of all time. We have to recommend the ADVision DVD, because taking English is incredible and makes the movie right, and can be purchased with an art box to keep the two sequels when launched, which will have the same vocal expression. In total, MegaZone 23 is an incredible movie and deserves to be very detained, and should be an essential element in any fan anime collection. Heck, even my mother enjoyed it.
