This film is a bit of a reminder of the German film NEVERENDING STORY because a child is magically transported into a strange country to be a hero. However, due to modern modern technology, puppets and CGIs are used to create an amazingly realistic world - one that will shoot your socks through its realism and its scope. I liked this movie, but the boy was a work in the beginning! Unfortunately, for most Westerners, this movie is one that you could quit very quickly or reject, since everything in the movie seems so strange. However, give her a chance. Do not think and try to understand everything you see - just let the story unfold and most likely enjoy the movie. In many ways, this is exactly the advice I would give to adults who follow Miyazaki's SPIRITED AWAY because it is very similar and features tons of Yokai (Japanese mythical spirits). The big differences between the two are that YOKAI GREAT WAR is live-action and SPIRIT AWAY is more child-friendly. While I think the GREAT YOKAI War was primarily intended as a children's film in the US, most parents would not want to show this to younger children because it is so violent, frightening and showing some adult behavior. So who is the public in the West? Well, older children and adults who appreciate foreign movies with non-Western themes and compositions. This is a fairly narrow audience, indeed! <br /> <br /> As you look, look for all the strange touches. In fact, you could watch the movie dozens of times and notice different things every time. Some of the funny references I liked were the comments on Gamera, the scene that came with the comment "KIDS: Do not Try This At Home" and the use of Kirin beer to allow a person to actually see Yokai hmm, ... maybe that scene should have contained this warning)! By the way, director Takashi Miike is a hard-to-touch stylist, except to say that none of his stories that I saw seemed "normal". Some of his films are rather disgusting and disturbing and I hated them (especially AUDITION and ICHI THE KILLER), while some of them are magical and among the best movies I've ever seen (THE SUCCESS OF THE KATAKURIS). A sure thing, it's hard to see one of his films and not have a strong reaction in one way or another.
