Simon Pegg plays Sidney Young, a young entertainment writer, who began the beginning of a career written for a local magazine specializing in revenging the superficiality and superficiality of the rich and famous. He's a celebrity career, though he desperately wants to be a celebrity himself. The film is based on the very bizarre career of Toby Young, who also ran a small UK magazine, called the Modern Review, which offered painful critics for everything imaginable until he closed the magazine in a hail of verbal bullets and then went on to a spectacular career as a writer for Vanity Fair, which is almost a part of his life, told in this film. <br /> <br /> He is excited to go for a major publication (called Sharp's Magazine in the film) and, despite his active nerves, he is positively on his first day. He meets with chief editor Clayton Harding (played by Jeff Bridges), who is hard to nail, but who is also the exact type of editor he has to do to fulfill his role as a young man to keep the job in the magazine. He offers a little form of immediate acceptance of Young, but he also has what can only be described as a liberal tolerance of Young's antics and Young's inadequate behavior. <br /> <br /> Much of the comedy in the film derives from Young's misunderstanding or indifference to the generally accepted code of public behavior and the specific label involved in relationships with the rich and famous. But Sidney's reasons to act so strangely and to offer offensive interviews is because he thinks he does not agree with the whole celebrity culture and he seems to believe that old saying? "If you can not beat them, you can join and then beat them." The complicated problems are two very different women. There is a charming and accustomed girl in Alison Olsen magazine (Kirsten Dunst), who at first is horrified by Sidney's arrogant arrogance and marriage, and an amazing model called Sophie (Megan Fox), which is the celebrity culture. for Sophie, the look of a star. Sophie is amazingly beautiful, it's true, but it also happens that she does not have a single thought ripped around in her head. Alison is an ordinary girl, not very interesting or attractive, but Dunst's performance does a real person. A relationship with her would have all the reality of a marriage with Britney Spears, and yet the film keeps a certain level of credibility because, despite being obvious, Sidney suffers from not following her (anyway I felt it). H ow to lose friends and aliens has a pretty interesting premise and is full of honest, satisfying performances and although it turns into a bit of a romantic comedy by the third act, it has a variety of well-developed and interesting characters . Danny Huston, for example, gives us an extraordinary performance as Alison's other love affair, which pays homage to The Big Lebowski (who also has Bridges) with his ever-present whitener, one of the drinks my personal favorites. Buying Absolute and Kahlua here in China costs the equivalent of about $ 350, but my kitchen is never without them. <br /> <br /> I look forward to the day that Simon Pegg will turn a bit, because I like movies, but I'm completely uncertain about his range. He played a serious character in Hot Fuzz, but only seriously about the madness that surrounded him, and eventually returned to himself, which he had in Shaun of the Dead, Run, Fat Boy, Run and now How to lose friends. It is an ascending star, it will be interesting to see what else it can do.
