I really enjoyed watching this movie! At first, seeing his poster, I thought it was just another light romantic comedy ... but it's just more than that! I personally think that this idea (which I'm sure a lot of viewers even had before seeing the movie) is still another important part of the great concept of this movie (or even of its marketing strategy)! What I mean is: Today we are slaves of the images! For Impressions! I went to the cinema to see this movie having the wrong impression, the wrong expectations, and at the end I felt just how superficial I could be! To exemplify, I remember the sequence next to the end of Sidney's purchase of the plane ticket to return to New York and after being asked to "autograph", signing for the ticket, he thinks that only for that on TV because of the prize scandal is now a kind of celebrity. And this is, I believe, the culmination of this main theme around which the films are spinning. Above all, I think the film also gives us a solution to get along with it, illustrated in the whole movie by Sidney's attitude: you do not become too serious about yourself or about someone else ... "even the saints were men at the beginning "... as Sophie once said in the movie. The saints of the moment are the stars. We attribute to it an "aura" of perfection, of eternal happiness, but the reality is much smaller than that. Even the saints of any religion are images, ideal models for how to behave and how to live your life. Even they were not real ... they became "real" after they died and we looked back at them. And that's the catch: we need our saints! we need our stars! We strive for them as if it were not for them we have nothing to fight. And television and all other media are ways to create and capture our endeavors. We desperately need benchmarks on which to measure ourselves. And so we came to the cinema to watch this movie first: to see if we can fit the benchmark or if the benchmark is small for us. This time it was bigger than we expected.
