Sidney Young (Pegg) moves from England to New York to work for the popular Sharpe magazine hoping to live his dream life, but strives to make a lasting impression. Based on Toby Young's book on Survival in American Affairs, this comedy drama received mixed views from critics. Tagged as inconveniently funny, but charmed by the actors, how to lose friends seemed like a run of the mill in the pond to have fun with another comedy of culture, but it is not. the picture works on behalf of its actors and in the simple and sharp story. We start in the past, then at present, and we strive to see how young he has made his mark on one of America's top magazines. Pegg (Hot Fuzz) is too sympathetic for words. Whether you hit the zombie with a cricket bat or if you show your friend the nature of the law, the English actor brings a charm and light heart to each scene. Here, when the script is good, but far from its own standards, it brings much of the energy of the image and the only one deserves to be watched. His antics with "Babe 3" are unforgivable, simply breathtaking, like his exuberant dance, but he draws it splendidly. Bridges and Anderson are doing well in portraying stereotypical magazine bosses in which Dunst falls nicely to the confused love interest. Megan Fox, who stole Transformers, reminds everyone that he can act here with a funny hyperbole of a stereotype film star. The fact that her character, Sophie Myles, plays the role of an image of Mother Teresa is just as ridiculous as the character of her character in the pool. To highlight the point of view there is a dog, and Pegg revolves around it in the true British comedy with a little movement. Although a British film has an adaptation of American lifestyle for Young to fit and we can see the different approaches of the story. The young man wants the dirt down to contrasted with American professionalism. The inclusion of modern tabloid stars will soon make this film dated, but the concept of exploiting film stars offers this edge. Weide's first image is not perfect. There is a loss of concentration because the plot becomes too soapy, with a clear and obvious turn and there are too many characters required. Physical comedy can also be overcome. As a side note, DVD bloopers are some of the best you'll ever see, which are almost half an hour long. This comedy drama has Simon Pegg on brilliant shape again and with a collective approach to stories and sharp comedy, it's worth forgetting.
