We look forward to spending months and days losing friends and aliens, especially because Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg were present. Simon Pegg is a comic genius and Kirsten Dunst has always been my favorite actress. How to lose friends and aliens have hit the place! Of course, not perfect, but very pleasant and funny. How to Lose Your Friends and Aliens Follows the Life of Sidney Young, a British celebrity journalist who is hired by a luxury magazine in New York City. Spectacularly, Sidney enters a high society and burns bridges with bosses, colleagues and superstars. After destroying a black event, allowing a wild pig to run off, Sidney draws the attention of Clayton Harding, editor Sharp, and accepts a job in the New York City magazine. Clayton warns Sidney that he should impress and arrange anyone if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sidney instantly insults them and disturbs fellow writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He dares to address star guest to power-writer Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also affects his direct boss, Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to upset almost everyone. His rescue grace, a growing starling Sophie Maes (Megan Fox), who develops a strange affection for him. Over time, Allison's friendship might be the only thing that saves Sydney from his downward spiral career. The story is very interesting, and the act was top with what the actors gave. Simon Pegg is still hilarious like never before! It makes Sydney crazy, angry and annoy as real, but later in time, which makes Sydney not only pleasant, but also a true character you kneel in From behind. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were brilliant! Kirsten had some very beautiful and acting scenes, and Jeff Bridges is just Jeff flicking Bridge! How do you not like him? He makes Clayton a very humorous character with a spirit, and you generally love this guy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Danny Huston were great as supporters. Each had their own personality, which was generally quite flat, but it just made the movie work. One thing I did not like was the way some of the characters were. I understand that most were the distribution of support, but part of the distribution was insufficiently used and could have given the film more smell. How to lose friends and strangers will never be in the top 10 movies of any person or even in the top 10 comedies ever, but it has a very high level of entertainment, and some scenes can really delight you. How to Lose Friends & Alienated People is definitely one of the best romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
