I first watched this film as part of a new Argentinean film festival in 2000 at Walter Reade. Although we liked it, I did not think it was extraordinary. Following her for the second time, I found another meaning in this aspect of life in Buenos Aires. The film takes place in one of Argentina's darkest days, as the DeLaRua administration is over. The country was in crisis after the economy, which flourished earlier in the 1990s, under the artificial climate created by President Menen. It was a time when dollar bank accounts were frozen, and people lived a nightmare. The story begins just as Santamarina, a bank employee, is fired from the collapse of the economy. Instead of receiving sympathy from his wife, he blocks him from the apartment and, for all practical purposes, becomes a homeless man. He goes to the streets trying to meet. The other story introduces us to Ariel, a young Jew who interviews for a job in a Spanish company. It's almost a miracle to get his job. His father, Simon, owns a small restaurant in the Jewish neighborhood "El Once" in the city center. Things go from worse to worse when Ariel's mother suddenly dies. Only Estela, a young woman who is in love with Ariel, comes to help father and son. Santamarina, who is a clean man, has to take the show wherever he can. Choose a women's room in one of the subway stations. When he, Elsa, finds him naked, he gets angry, but she brings her senses when she realizes the unfortunate circumstances of this man who has seen better times. They get involved in a romantic way, and Santamarina finds a child in one of her street-wreck trips. Elsa, while surprised, wants to do the right thing. But Santamarina convinces her of the meaning of an innocent life in their lives will strengthen her love. Ariel, who met Laura at work, starts a turbulent and cumbersome business with his handsome co-worker, who is not known to her, involved in a lesbian adventure. Ariel, who frees the lanterns by photographing weddings and other occasions, feels a passion for Laura, but she realizes what she sacrificed Estela to help his father and still loves him. Daniel Burman, whose "El Abrazo Partido", we thought great, did wonders with this movie. Things are put into perspective after a second recent view, and we have to apologize for not having seen it for the first time. If not for the second time, the shades of the screen Burman and Emiliano Torres have more sense because they reflect the disorder of what the country was living in these dark days. Daniel Hendler, who plays Ariel, collaborated with Mr. Burman before the surprising results. He is not "a pretty nice movie", however, he is beautiful. This actor projects extraordinary sincerity in his work. Enrique Pineyro is another magnificent surprise. His Santamarina is disarming. In spite of all the bad things he has fallen, he keeps a pink attitude from anyone he meets. Stefania Sandrelli, an interesting Italian actress, makes a big contribution to the film with Elsa. Hector Alterio, one of the best Argentine actors, plays Simon's small part. Superb Chiara Coselli is seen as Laura and Melina Petrielli appears to be the noble Estela. "Esperando al mesias" proves that Daniel Burman is a voice to be considered in the Argentine cinema.
