One of Miike Takashi's directors is the best. It's so good that it's hard to put into words. Nearly fifteen years older than the target audience, I delighted myself from start to finish. She reminds children similar to the 1980s that (unlike today) these films were not afraid to scare - there are many ugly details here that I first discovered, but soon I realized it was not nothing different from what I grew up. The film is a compilation of children's 80s conventions. You call it, it's there: a young boy hero pushed from his own unhappy / dysfunctional world into another world inhabited by mythical and mystical goblins; a search to save both worlds from a bad force; a beautiful heroine that has a passion; a sadistic bearer (Go-Go Yubari from Kill Bill Vol. 1); a negative character who draws his evil power from something that everyone in the world can relate to. But all these gender conventions are given with fresh spin and added depth. One of the IMDb reviews begins "Where was this movie when I was a kid?" and it is a feeling I wholeheartedly agree. Even as I watched him, I complained that I did not greet him; that it was not part of my childhood as the Labyrinth, the Masters of the Universe and, to a much lesser extent, the Unfortunate Story. These films and others like The Goonies are recalled but never copied - Miike has always offered us a new approach to things. Poor CGI is a base of many movies, sometimes because of budgetary constraints, as often an artistic choice - the desire to present things in an extraordinary way. Here CGI is largely average, only because of budget limitations, yet it does a fantastic job of making a show. The effects of CG combine with traditional dolls, animatronics and extraordinary makeup to create a rich, rich (and characterizing) world that is bordering on the visionary. This is one of the biggest children ever made. Not for younger or more sensitive children. <br /> <br /> Only wonderful jaws. See it for yourself and if you think your children can handle / appreciate, then show them to them. Let them grow up in the Great Yokai War as a little compensation for not being able to.
