Once over a period, there were different types of movies. These different films coexisted even if each of them had something different to offer ... This seems obvious at first, but I thought I would emphasize it during this review, because it seems some people may have forgotten. This is just a fun movie for fans of Pavarotti. That's all it is. They do not claim to be anything else or more grandiose. People who bother it as something that did not respect a promise do not see the whole picture - literally. After all, Hollywood makes films all the time shrewd vehicles for people (Bodyguard or The Wife of Preacher with Whitney Houston are two examples that I remember.) First of all, I would like to address the film as a vehicle for Pavarotti. There are worse things in this world - worse movies. The song is fabulous, and the selection of areas is fun. The film starts with Ave Maria Maria and then with Leoncavallo's Matinatta. Pav plays the La Gioconda, Manon Lescaut and Turandot areas, but he also plays folk music such as "I left my heart in San Francisco" and the song that was nominated for Oscar and Golden Globe, "If I was in Love "John Williams' music and Alan & Marilyn Bergman's lyrics - all three Academy Award winners. The story is not that bad. It was built for Pavarotti so, of course, there will not be something profound or universal applicable to the average viewer of the film. It's a story of a renowned opera singer who was traumatized by a bad night at the opera years ago. When asked to sing again in the same place, "MET" in New York, she loses her voice of fear. Doctor Pamela (or Pah-MAY-lah in Italian :)) played by Kathryn Harrold - gives her a chance to heal her psychosomatic reaction. He gives her the chance to throw himself with him, and she accepts her heartlessly. They engage in an adventure, knowing that she is married and promising not to fall in love with him and him believing that she will be just another woman. In spite of all these things, they fall in love (so the song, "IF WE ARE LOVED") and, with her help, defeat their fear and return to MET, where they triumph. I will not say how it ends, but it is quite predictable. Which is not always a bad thing. <br /> <br /> Performance in this case is not that bad. Pavarotti (who plays Giorgio Fini) is not an actor, so if you expect an interpretation of Spencer Tracy or Tom Hanks, you are deceived, not Pavarotti. He knows he's not a spy. What he is is cute, charming and charismatic. He enjoys himself and if you can let yourself have fun, it's not that bad. A funny line is when she tells Pamela (Harrold) that she is a "thirsty plant, Finish can wet you!" and, of course, says, "I do not want to be wet by Finns!" Kathryn Harrold is very sweet and does a nice job as a semi-sustained woman who learns from this extravagant man to live a little. One of my favorite lines in the film is: "Life must not have life dimensions." And there's Eddie Albert, who does his usual job as Fini's manager. There are more "self" cameoes of true conductors, singers, etc., and the film is filmed at Metropolitan Opera at Lincoln Center. <br /> <br /> If you like the opera, if you like Pavarotti, or if you can let yourself enjoy a "drop" as it proposes in the movie - then you can enjoy this movie for what it is. I know I do. :) <br /> <br />
