Also known as the Big Spook War. The Great Yokai War is Miike's attempt to make a family film and a beautiful job he does. The problem is I can not imagine many parents wanting to submit their children to this film. The best movies for children are those that are frightening or have little disturbing imagery, the Neverending Story and the Return to Oz spring, but in the case of the Great Yokai War, Miike probably takes things a little too far. In fact, at the screening I was the person who introduced the movie reiterated to the two families there that probably was not very appropriate. The film starts with the young hero of the play introducing and explaining the current family issues. This short moment of mundaneity is suddenly crushed as a cow gives birth to a calf with the face of a man crying that something terrible comes before he falls dead like the abomination that is (it is quite possible that the complete hideousness of the creature a weird homage Quato). After an incredible introduction to Kato's baddie and Agi's agony (a surprisingly attractive Chiaki Kuriyami), through an increase in the apocalyptic army. The story returns to normal for a while, but it does not take long before any logic subsides, and the boy joins a Miyazaki repellent group to remove the evil sorcerer. <br /> <br /> The movie is pretty fundamental and surprisingly stingy sometimes, the whole choice seems simply totally out of place in a movie that regularly breaks the cliches but is helped by a simple vision inspired by a revelation of a magical world. This is really a Miyazaki movie made in a live action movie, though a much more jumpy and vicious film than usual Miyazaki. The movie is simply a joy to look at Yokai's designs is colorful, and largely practical, while robotic monstrosities while not presenting the best CGIs in the world have a practice and a threat to them, what which gives them more of a palpable threat than you would imagine. the excellent uniform, they just make their characters appear to be perfectly natural, which is commendable when you consider that most of them are in full body makeup or latex suits. Even Agi lumbered with a large hive comes as a suffocating and deadly surprisingly excellent to act from Kuriyami. While the film has many elements that put it firmly in the family movie territory; cute creatures, junior heroes, a bad villain, a sense of malice and adventure, and a lack of violence. There are elements that ask you if Miike should have directed such a movie. The robot's army is a truly terrifying threat, everyday objects deformed into monstrous beasts that look like T-101-free skin and added chains. These animals break down the characters; suck creatures into their dirty bloodstains and kidnap the children in their homes by pulling it right under their parents' nose before they take care of a little patricide. Creating the creature is just as difficult for young minds. Yokai, essentially heroes, feed in a huge oven, full of a form of liquid hate that corrodes Yokai's flesh and forces their angry souls to hold pieces of metal. If the kids believed that Anakin burns it was bad to wait until they see a big hedgehog killing in a hat of molten hate for a minute before being turned into an abomination of a motorcycle. There is also a cut of the limbs, in one case, a hands cut in front of the room, dripping with blood, a fair amount of sexual energy (Agi wears a dress designed specifically for the fan service and seems to have only sleep with Kato as a motivation, the Princess of the Rivers carries with nothing and takes his thighs thickened by the young hero in several scenes) and the general humor that will point over the heads of those whom this wonderful technical color was apparently designed. /> Spoilers An example of this is that Yokai is only interested in the final fight when he thinks he is a big party. Subsequent battles more than one festival than anything, complete with beer, crowing surfing and moshing. Also, a scene where Agi beats the bumps out of a pretty creature and fur seems to be designed to appeal to the jaded masses of pokemon overkill. End of Spoilers End of Day The Great Yokai War is easy on Miike's Strongest Movies. While he misses a perverse charm of Gozu or Ichi, he just pushes the audience on a path of general madness. In fact, this movie is Miike's most disturbing, in that he embraces the absolute magic of the subject, so honest. It was well worth a watch just for the occasional Gogo ass flash.
