Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy MOVIE is about dolls that come to life when people are not around. In this adventure you have to save a kidnapped French doll named Babette from the captain of the pirates. On the way, he heads to Woods Deep Dark, Taffy Pit and even Looney Land. Will he help the friend of their new friend, Camel with their wrinkled knees, or just slow them down with the hallucinations of his friends leaving him? How will they escape King Kookoo and his patrons? What will their owner, Marcella, tell when she sees her 7th birthday doll with other toys? Pleasure surprises are awaiting the two adventurers. All the scores are out of a possible 10: Story: 8 - Very cute. Dolls who come to life when the master is not around. Not just because they go to many different places but are in an imaginary world, so anything can happen. Meet new characters, going to different places, finding new, wonderful friends. The characters work so well in this and who does not love the pirates? Act: 8 - Every character matches his voice so well. Specifically, the enemy pit Marlon Brando, Greed. The French doll has a very bad French accent, evil king Hitler-esquire, Kookoo (who has hair that looks like Simpson's Sideshow Bob) plays his role very well, and the voice of the young black man for Camel works perfectly. Why is the old animation double much better than the new one? Music: 10 - Nothing of perfection here. The songs have been in my head for years, and re-watching it almost 20 years later, I still remember each of them and now will be able to know exactly where these songs come from. Joe Raposo from the fame "Sesame Street" has done a great job with songs for this and everyone is singing very well. Edit: 6 - Heh, here it will be confusing. I mean, how far did Raggedy go? Many events seem to happen one after the other, and there is no science about which the other dolls and toys were as you never see in the real world of the movie, but it follows a sort of way and you know that eventually it reaches the place to go, is hard to track sometimes. Uniqueness: 8 - Between this and Unico I would say they are parts in both the movies I will never forget it does not matter how much I try. Mainly scary parts. I have probably already mentioned how older the films were older than today's animation, but that takes the cake into the scary factor. Outside the South Park and Disney movies, there are almost no animated musicals, or the best ones that come out so it's very unique. Value: 8 - Classic. It's worth the hunt to get a good copy, that's for sure, but VHS copies are probably all stretched so far. The DVD version is sold on Ebay all the time, and it will definitely be something you will watch multiple times. If you want something for nostalgia. Overall Score (Not Average): 8 - It is a wonderful and uninterrupted music produced in the late 1970s and can still be enjoyed today. His characters are all unique and the songs are wonderful. So great you might find yourself buzzing from time to time. Give your favorite animal a hug today! Reviewer's Insight (Including bias): This is not like the Raggedy Ann series made a decade later. This was a darker and more real world. The effects in this seem to be a lot of other cartoons with acidity from the '70s, especially the yellow submarine. However, she gave me memories that I will never forget and could influence things today. It was not easy to find, but it will remain a treasure to keep in my collection of DVDs and videos forever.
