Oh, boy, God bless the 1970s, we have some of the most horrible movies that came out of that decade: Exorcist, Jaws, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and now, Raggedy Ann & Andy: A musical adventure. This movie has to be used to torture the captured terrorists to tell us about their evil plans to destroy the world, I mean seriously, this movie scared me out. My sister had this movie in her VHS collection and I was pretty curious what kind of movie would make of a doll that came out of the little depression for kids with very little pocket money. What the hell? It's kind of funny how this movie is the 1970 Toy Story version, pretty much up to a key, just that it was a thousand times more frightening, Disney had Alice in Wonderland to go into baby drug trips . /> Every time Marcella leaves the room, Raggedy Ann, along with her brother, Raggedy Andy, and a whole kindergarten full of colorful toys, come back to life. On Marcella's birthday, a new doll, Babette, arrives from Paris, France to the United States of America. Babette is a spoiled creature who does not know she's a doll, but friendly Raggedy Ann does her best to make Babette feel at home. However, Captain Contagious pirate kidnaps him. Raggedy Ann and Andy started to try to save her before Marcella discovered that Babette had left. In the outside of the kindergarten, the two meet Camel with their knees kneeling, a blue toy camel that has been demolished by the owners of the past and is now defeated and alone. After Raggedy Ann and Andy roll on Camel, he begins to follow his hallucinations and, without looking, passes the edge of a rock into a deep pit. In this pit they meet with Greedy, a giant piece of dad who is eating constantly and is never full. Raggedys and Camel easily escape from being consumed by Greedy and continue their journey to find Babette? and believe me, it just gets stranger from this point. While this movie was certainly disturbing and I just wanted to cry and cover my eyes during many movies, this was actually pretty creative. Back in the day when I had a man-made animation that made more personal movies and that writers and animators put her heart in it, you can say they did it with Raggedy Ann & Andy: a musical adventure. Surely this movie was not the worst I've ever seen, but I do not know who to recommend. How frightened I was, I have to admit I'm glad I saw her, sometimes you need a "WTF?" movie to match your selection, believe me when I say that Raggedy Ann has no problem doing it with me. It's official, the doll is just frightening, so let's say, there's a huge caramel river that eats everything, a king whose head gets bigger when it laughs, a bizarre thing that humiliates Raggedy Ann and her brother , strange almost incest between Ann and Andy and some empty dolls that will forever haunt my dreams with their songs. Yikes. <br /> <br /> 7/10
