It took me a few views to really wrap myself around this, but for me Tears of Kali is one of the most important moments of horror of the 00s and, to the extent that independent horror is a true masterpiece. A horror of anthology tells the story of the fictitious Taylor-Eriksson Group, a variety of cults based in India, whose members are set in search of self-knowledge and healing of the psyche, with unpleasant results equating over the years. With back-up segments in India, the film consists mainly of three stories set in Germany, illustrating the consequences of the Taylor-Eriksson group's activity, sometimes with a rather nasty gore. It's an interesting thing, as it happens in these things, but what puts this film apart is how the image is so careful to develop awful movies. Evil things have been unleashed, and the general course of the film is a look at how self-knowledge and end-to-end therapy brings concern to patients, healers and others, and the film is loaded with clever visual clues to the power of the dark forces with which occupy, dark forces unrelated to time, place or even personality. Good examples of this are found especially in the first story about a journalist interviewing a lady in a psychiatric hospital. Before this story I saw Lars Eriksson and, in particular, his naked eye (lazy?), We also see him healed or, at least, kissing a patient. The lady mental patient of the first story is seen in the same position as Eriksson the healing of a colleague patient as well as she packs the art class cloths she carries among her colleagues one of their images is seen one face with lazy eyes like Erikssons. There are also references to folklore in tiny roles in extracts and walks that have additional sensory perceptions of what is happening in the film, showing the evil that has been unleashed spread and able to infect almost others. There is more to philosophy than to evil, it is a film about death, suffering and possible redemption, all linked in a structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a manner that seems to be exploitation only, but has more to do with the reality of faith than can be expected (at least from the research I made on wikipedia). Writer / director Andreas Marschall certainly deserves significant credit for his ability to build the film. In addition to being thoughtful, the film is quite refreshing, the soundtrack of Bharti India and Panama John has an extraordinary piano jingle and there are some notable shows, Michael Balaun as a sinister doctor and Cora Chilcot as a strange good patient. The third story also has a beautiful turn from veteran Mathieu Carrière as a healer of faith. The biggest problem with the film is that it is not the involvement of many times, so the potential for fear is lost, but these and some other performances are getting pretty good. So, the movie is not as exciting as it would be, to act occasionally off and rhythm too, but especially I thought it was big enough if a short shade of possible brilliance. Well, it's worth a look for adventurous horror fans, I guess.
