Where was this movie when I was a kid? After his parents parted, Tadashi moves with his mother to live his grandfather. Tadashi's sister stays with their father and speaks frequently on the phone. Grandpa is just "here" every third day. Mothers are never home. Children always take the poor child. During a village festival, Tadashi is chosen as the "kirin rider" or the spiritual champion of peace and justice. Few suspect that he will soon become a hero, as the forces of darkness join the anger of things thrown into a plot to destroy mankind and the spiritual world. was the easy part. Now comes the hard part, trying to explain the movie. This is a great movie for kids. It's not a great, erroneous movie (very wrong?), But a great movie. It is like all the great books she loved as a child and is as dense as Tadashi strives to find the power to become a hero. Following her, I felt I read a large book and I thought how huge it would be if it were a book. I liked the film does not follow a normal path. Things often happen from a casual or inappropriate communication, a character gets blown into events just because his foot falls asleep. There are twists and turns and moments that seem to be non-sequiters and are all the more charming for her (which is typically Miike) Of course, it's a Takashi Miike movie. This Japanese film master is clearly responsible for a movie that often touches, scary and funny all at the same time. No one, except Miike, seems to understand that you can have many emotions at the same time or that you can suddenly twist because things darken for a second and then amuse the next. I admire the fact that Miike made a film that is bleak and hopeful, which does not stop being frightening, that is, really scary, especially for children. This is the same dark territory that should be in Harry Potter movies, but it's rare. This Grimms story is dark with humor. My first reaction to the opening image was that I can not believe anyone would start a movie for children with a picture of the end of the world, then I figured out who is making the movie. Hats on Miike's face to make a movie that knows kids can handle scary images. It also works on several levels. The mechanical monsters that bad boys do are falsified from the thrown junks of humanity. It was anger to be thrown that feeds monsters. One of the Yokai (spirits) talks about angry sneakers thrown away because they are dirty or too small when they are thrown away. You also have one of the good boys who refuse to join the bad guys, because it would be the human thing to do. It's a wild concept, but like other things floating around what raises this film to another level. (there are many riffs and references to other movies, TV shows and novels that make me wonder who this movie is, because children do not understand them, although many parents want it) And of course they are monsters. They range from cheesy to spectacular, with stops all over between. Honestly you have to forgive the unevenness of their creation simply because they have to be hundreds, if not thousands of monsters on the screen. Its cool and working. One of the main characters is a Yokai who thinks he is best described as a hamster in a tunic and is often played by a stuffed animal, looks amazing and yet you'll applaud the little one and love you every time you walk your head to Tadashi. (Acceptance is also easier if you saw the old wooden sculptures of strange Japanese monsters) I mentioned defects and there are a few. The effects are unequal, some of the sudden changes are a little weird (even if they are easy to understand) and a few other minor things that fade two hours ago after watching the movie. None of them really hurt the movie anywhere, yet it's kind of keeping you away from being completely happy with the movie. I really loved this movie. I'm pretty sure if I'd seen it as a child, it would have been my favorite movie of all time. (where is the English double) See this movie. It's a wonderful journey. (In addition to a good introduction of Miike's films minus blood and graphic sex)
