I first heard of TEARS OF KALI a while ago and sounded like something I was in, but with all the movies I came up regularly, it dropped my radar quite a bit. As we walked around the local WonderBook ... I saw the tape for this and I took it. I have to say I'm very glad I did. TEARS OF KALI is a strange, hateful, sometimes creepy movie that is somewhat limited by its low budget - but it is still a fun and meritorious watch. TEARS OF KALI centers around the fictional world of India The Taylor-Erikkson worship group, practicing meditation and other rituals in search to cope with and expel the individual's "inner demons" - but it seems these techniques work too well or not well enough (depending on your point of view ...) the forces are not only exorcised but unleashed by the unfortunate victims. The film is called the "anthology style" with a short, but memorable, "eye opening" sequence, and then three stories that make up most of the film. The first (SHAKTI) is about a journalist visiting one of the cult members who is kept in a psychiatric hospital. The journalist is under the cover of the desire to investigate the cult of Taylor-Erikkson, but we find that her true motives may strike closer to the house. When the interview has a violent turn, the journalist finds that he may have gotten over his head ... The second part (Devi) refers to a violent young man who is condemned to a psychological rehabilitation instead of a punishment the prison for a young man's beating in a coma. We have discovered that the treating physician in question is actually a "graduate" of Taylor-Erikkson, and his rehabilitation methods are far from normal ... The Closing Story (KALI) revolves around a "healer" When the healer unexpectedly helps one of his clients and effectively expels a force that possesses it, the demon is now free to walk and look for a new host ... I have to say, he really liked TEARS OF KALI There are some mistakes with the movie that keeps him from being really great - but it's an original and ambitious film for what it is My biggest influence on production is the poor and uninspired dialogue dubbing is sub-par and I would have preferred to have a subtitled option with the original language piece. Some commentators have said the act is poor, with which I do not necessarily agree. doubling is so dull that makes the performances seem dusk, which is not true. In fact, some of the shows are pretty cool (the "doctor" in the second segment, and the "client" in the third comes in mind ...) and notable. Gore FX are very well made for a low-budget movie with a few scenes of eyelid scissors - cuticle, pencil suicide, decent self-flaying, and some other goodies thrown to a great extent. It's not as tough as some of the most "extreme" gore movies out there, but certainly stronger than your average horror rate. We also discovered the story about the cult group to be interesting and a welcome change of the typical stupidity of stupidity. There are lots of scenes of authentic atmosphere and tension, such as those I have not met for some time. Although mistaken in some fundamental ways, I still believe that TEARS OF KALI will appeal to most "underground" horror fans - some scenes may prove too much for the broader viewer. Categorically recommended - 8.5 / 10
