Sensitive film does not have a glow and, to a certain extent, a narrative structure, but it is nevertheless superbly shot and executed. However, the point of the narrative structure is questionable. While it gives the impression of binding the beautiful ending in the final scenes, and connects its thoughts with what might be described by modern contemporary as a "story," I am skeptical about whether this sense * needs a "narrative structure "that is defined and detectable. Inevitably, she will be compared to SOMERSAULT in that her central protagonist (I'm not sure it's the right word!) She is a young and very young woman, whose newly discovered sexuality confuses and empowers her - of course Cate Shortland's film this is better. But while there is the possibility for viewers to reject this film as a cliché, PEACHES is somewhat more ambitious than SOMERSAULT. Maybe it does not work there. It is certainly very different from Monahan's first feature - INTERVIEW! I'm not sure how the sex scenes between Weaving and Lung appeared. Who knows - maybe they did. Surely, the character of the Weaving character has been compromised and wrong - although I personally think this was done without the need for these scenes. **** <br /> <br /> In a second view, I see how it will reject it as a telemovie dressed as a feature. But I'm not sure how different these "categories" are, or whether we should make this distinction. In any case, I think there are enough layers in the film to distinguish it from Hallmark's efforts. On the other hand, the structure of the film is very formal, and its content is hard to provoke, at least in the way they are SOMERSAULT, TOM WHITE, THREE DOLLARS, ILLUSTRATED FAMILY FAMILY, LAST WINNERS, and HUMAN TUTON. Performances are good, but I came to the consciousness that the main reason I enjoyed the film was that it matched the "Australian" genre without adding anything ... and I understand that this may be quite good reason for another person * DO NOT * like him! Indeed, it was not until Lung entered the room in her Vietnamese dress that the film really began to pack a shot. But this leads us to another debate - * should we * expect a movie to provoke us all the time? Of course, I like to be challenged by a movie (or a book or other people), but there is no room for what is simply a beautiful story? I did not delete my original post on this movie, because I'm too aware of the Orwellian tones of such an act. But I would drop my initial rating from 8 to 6.5. As for nominations for AFI Best Film, my votes go to THE TOUCH HUMAN, THREE DOLLARS and LEAVE so much - and I think LOOK Both ways should win.
