Taxed as Takashi Miike's "first family film" - by people who have not seen Zebraman, probably. YOKAI DAISENSO takes things even further in the direction of family friendship, diluting darkness and cynicism to create a story of fantastic story. A boy is chosen by fate to save the world from monsters and horrors that they generally do not know. The movie is obviously higher than any other Miike did, with a lot of CGI to create the fantastic world populated by strange creatures (YOKAI). Perhaps the lack of extreme content is a consequence of more nervous investors, but I think he probably just wanted to do something different. He has never been a unique pood, but he's often accused of it - maybe YOKAI is designed to keep those critics silent. Regardless, it is a great project for Miike to channel his imagination and inventiveness without borders. There is a very animated production film, evoking Miyazaki's thoughts in places. Yokai is based on an old series of comics that has been transformed on popular Japanese stories, which have also influenced Miyazaki (especially SPIRITE AWAY). We have to remember that Miike has nothing like the budget of a Harry Potter movie to work with so that the special effects will not be Hollywood style works - a blue vision is especially evident. Some of the special effects are wonderful, with some very animated creatures (a mix of CG, stop-motion and dolls). I think the stocking suit that follows the hero around the big movie was * meant to look very cheap and so cute for it :) The young man who plays the hero of the film does a really good job - it's so hard to find a pre-teenager who really understands the concept of acting, but Ryunosuke Kamiki, 9, is a genuine talent (I see he made voices in the last two Miyazaki movies!). Chiaki Kuriyama is delicious, as it was a kiss of the play, though Mai Takahashi made an even bigger impression as the Princess River was huge - yum yum! Those looking for another violent and pervert gangster film will not find what they are looking for in YOKAI, but if you're a fan of Miike because of his imagination and intelligence, there's plenty to be met here. And has the added bonus that you can happily put on any company you have :)
