Although there is melodrama in the center or rather at the bottom of this movie, the story is spelled nice and subtle, and the acting is superb. Yaara, who studies at Princeton, returns to her native Israel for the funeral of the oldest and most dear friend, Talia. Because Yaara has practically lived with her boyfriend's parents after her mother's death, she lost her adoptive sister. And because Yaara, the blind man from birth, was guided and guarded by Talia, her friend's suicide is just as unbearable, being inexplicable. Undoubtedly, the blind girl is the one who decides to solve the mystery of this death. Although without vision, he has a deal. Although she can not see, she is able to find what is outside the sight than the "normal" people around her. The film becomes an absorbed mystery as Yaara spits for clues in remembrance of her relationship with Talia, in the home of the adoptive family, in cassettes, journals, and people of Talia's past and present. the point of view, the film is also seen from her point of view, as she visualizes what she hears, believes and imagines. The mystery solution is rather conventional, but the search is carried out with such subtle care and the response done so beautifully and without a fanfare that the moment of the bed is easily forgiven. The truth unfolds gradually, yet inexorably, clarifying not only Talia's life but also her relationship with Yaara. Tali Sharon, like Yaara, effectively uses her face and mobile voice and is absolutely credible for both adult and teenage girls. We fully accept her ability to find the end of the film in the world with more confidence. It is worth noting the precision by which places and actions repeat themselves with small but significant variations that do not become boring, the dead - acting by minor characters and the interesting decision to represent Talia just as a teenager. I will quote Yaara's final statement as a stand with Gadi, Talia's last lover, on the edge of a cliff, but the journey to the edge is so fascinating that the image will remain in sight more than her words will be remembered.
