In 1993, with the success of Batman's first season: The Animated Series, Warner Brothers commissioned the hit team to produce a feature film, originally created for Direct-To-Video, but came to the theater stage. It would have become known as Batman: The Mask of Fantasy. Ten years after Phantasm, I had three more custom-made movies released by boys at WB, Sub-Zero, Return of the Joker, and now, Mystery of the Batwoman joins the family. The scenario is fundamentally and in many ways similar to the Mask of Fantasy: a vigilant woman who is shaping up after Batman began to target operations led by mob mobster Gotham Rupert Thorne and Oswald Cobblepot AKA The Penguin. Now, Batman must try to reveal the Batwoman's mystery before crossing the line. Animation is the thinnest, futuristic style that was used for Batman: Year 5 and Six Series "Animated Series" (AKA New Batman Adventures). , is quite well made, and as elegant as the Joker Animation Return. There is also some use of CGI, but it is minor compared to superabundence in Sub-Zero. Music was good. Different and exotic and similar to the League of Justice score, although the points in the score when the old animated Batman theme will be sure to send waves of nostalgia through the hearts of rodents of older fans. <br /> <br /> Kevin Conroy, as always, does a great job like Bruce Wayne and Batman. It's also great to have old Batman: seriously animated series graduates; including Bob Hastings (commissioner Gordon), Robert Costanzo (detective Bullock), Tara Strong (Barbara Gordon / Batgirl), and Efrem Zimbalist Jr. (Alfred). The villains were also wonderful - especially as Rupert Thorne, the old head of the crowd in the original series, first appeared in the fourth season. <br /> <br /> In general, while not quite reaching the standard set by Mask of the Phantasm ten years ago, MOTB was wearing the pretty pretty torch for the animated Batman movies. And if you have the DVD and you're a hardcore fan, you'll enjoy Chase Me for five minutes.
