It appeared on television yesterday, so I decided to check it out. This was one of the last DTV projects Bruce Timm / Paul Dini related to their old Batman series 1992, after which Jeff Matsuda came and re-battled Batman with his new Batman series, but anyway, the story of this new Batman while Batman feels the need to stop her from extreme methods and, in the meantime, to take Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn, who works secretly with Carlton Duquesne (who has family problems) and another negative character (which is later discovered in film) about a smuggling operation with weapons, and put a reward on Batwoman. The question is: Who is this mysterious mockery and is it possible that they are more than one? It's up to Batman to solve this mystery and stop the last Penguin operation. For an animated movie, it has a rather complex plot and a serious tone, which is good. Another plus was Penguin's complete redefinition, much more like the sophisticated Mob Boss we're used to seeing in comics, unlike his earlier drawings that borrowed elements from Tim Burton's vision of Pengium (canal and circus). Even if the movie contains a subplot of love, it is never touched so far and does not derail the movie as it is called, Batman Forever. The vocal actor is of standard quality for these direct-to-video projects (if only Batman: Fantasy Mask took this route), Kevin Conroy still shines like Batman / Bruce Wayne. And, as I said, despite running very short minutes, it manages to make a fairly good (and complex) story, with some minor twists and a lot of action. There are some drawbacks, but Nightwing is never to be seen and I'm sure Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne do not click on the pairs, although it's just a reference, Tim Drake (aka Robin) does very little in the film and I'm honest, not I was never a big fan of Paul Dini and Bruce Timm, the Batman character design (especially in their Batman post-BTAS shows), this Batman and Robin New Adventures, well, then a person well-built in bulk (much like the character model of Jeff Matsuda from The Batman). Bruce Wayne looks a little strange, those blue eyes make him look more like Clark Kent, then Bruce (though it's true he looks very similar). Another disadvantage is Rupert Throne (there is no explanation as to why he is in this business, but it is safe to say he has goons and what is a reduction in business), which makes little more than to stay with Penguin or to hurt every time he shows a gun to someone (count how many times this happens in the movie and you will be surprised.) Generally, a good animated movie by Batman, which deserves at least one rental .
