This post may contain spells: Although it was 5 years after the series ended and WB is currently working at the League of Justice, this animated movie is a welcome addition to the video library. Why? If Mask of the Phantasm compliments Batman's first 70 episodes: The Animated and SubZero series compliments the 15 episodes of Batman and Robin's Adventures, then Mystery of the Batwoman compliments the last 24 episodes of Batman's Gotham Knights. Kevin Conroy again gives a voice on performance, which is nothing of excellence and perfection. I admit I was a little leery when I heard about Batwoman and all I could think about was the old 50 Batman cartoon. But I was blown away by the Batwoman character, her appearance, her costume (which I assumed had inspired Bruce Wayne to create the Batman Beyond costume) and the fact that this film guides you to which Batwoman crosses all the way. If you want to know who Batwoman is, then buy or rent the DVD. Barbara Gordon makes a cameo look and I think the writers are trying to suggest that Bruce and Barbara had something between them, as they did in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake appears as Robin, but his role is a small one and unfortunately there is no sign or mention of Dick Grayson alias Nightwing, which makes me think he's settled in Bludhaven (his comic book town). /> <br /> Of the three suspects for Batwoman, my favorite is Kathy Duquesne, who looks very horrible as Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa did a good job as one of the other suspects. When it comes to villains, I'm glad Penguin was one of them, but I did not like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams with David Ogden Stiers. Pengy did not sound good. The same goes for Robin. The new guy did good, but just as I started to get used to Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, which Carlton Duquesne's voice is now Joker's voice in "The Batman" series. And finally we see what Rupert Thorne looks like since he did not appear in the Gotham Knights episodes. John Vernon's end will be missed. Although I liked Henry Silva as Bane's voice, if he had to be replaced, they took the right man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I just wish they could use "Two Face", "Riddler" or the new scary version of "Hope". The musical score and especially the intro of the soft sounds were superb. I would like to be on a soundtrack and I was especially glad to cheerful and talented Cherie in the Iceberg Salon along with her song, Betcha Neva. While some feel that this movie is weaker than the Mask of Fantasy and Subzero, I find it as powerful and enjoyable as the rest, plus, as I said earlier, is a long-lasting film based on Gotham Knights I think Batman offers a good balance. I would at least recommend renting this DVD before buying it for those who might be the elders of this movie, but personally worth buying. I give the mystery of Batman 9.
