To begin with, I've always been a fan of Batman cartoons because the theme is so universal, "that everyone in life has an alter-ego." This is true in the Batwoman Mystery. While the general story is good, I'm disappointed that they did not do much for the franchise with that. Throughout the movie, try to find out what is Batwoman's identity, unfortunately you can easily find out by looking at the distribution of credits posted on this site (so if you have not already seen that you are not going there). I was rather disappointed that they did not make the film anymore. 75 minutes are too short for any movie. The secret identity of the batwoman also comes too early in the film, something halfway up and then becomes anticlimatic, because you know that the good boys will always win and that the new character known as Batwoman will disappear after the movie is over . <br /> I'm also not too sure about the new animation style used in this movie. I like the new characters, but there should be more details where the details are requested. Some parts of the animation look so strange and rigid that it draws your attention as soon as your attention from the story gets distracted. I also did not really like the lighted atmosphere used in most of the scenes, but lost the dark and gothic sense of Batman. Similarly, we should have learned more about the personality of the batwoman, so that we can build the same deeply compassionate feeling we do with Bruce Wayne. I also think the fight with Bane should have been better. In the ordinary way of children, the evil man meets easily either by falling, falling, getting electricity or doing something stupid, working against them. Come to think that there is no drop of blood spilled into this movie, either. Bottom line is a fun fun move and I recommend anyone who is a Batman fan to look at it. It has a good story, a universal appeal, and even a great deal of action to end it. I just want them to have made a more permanent change in the story, making Batwoman stay to make things more interesting. Not just to insert it and then hit it once it's over. I would also like to see someone else realize the mystery of a change in the end. To have others than Batman solve the mystery and fill it out later with the details. I hope there are more animated films to come and we look forward to the moment when we can actually see between Bruce Wayne and Barbra Gordan. He always gathers it and he does not like it and I can not believe it was bad enough to fall in love with someone 20 years old. I also want to see when Tim Drake leaves because he gets sick of the old man. In short, I want to see all the things that took the characters to where they will be in Batman Beyond. Otherwise, the same repeat formula will end faster than if it has just decided to go further with the story
