It starts with several principles on a scene in Albuquerque. Gabby Hayes (Juke, sounds like Duke) is the driver and starts his usual tirade against women in general, with Pearl's girlfriend being an exception. He then reports a version of Samson's biblical story to justify keeping long mustaches against the wishes of Pearl, who is also the brother of the city, and who claims to have all followed his example, would be out of business. This point will come back to dominate the last scene in the movie. Gabby seems an irritation to some commentators, but it is a plus for that. It's too bad he was not in one of Randoph Scott's best vows to help improve Randy's usual behavior. Also on this stage are Randy (Cole Armin), his future wife (Cathrine Craig, as Celia Wallace), who also knows a little girl (Myrtle), who soon becomes a hero when she saves her escape after being arrested by a teammate of Randy's uncle, wheelchair bound John Armin (George Cleveland), who usually runs the city. Randy soon finds that uncle and, by extension, is not very popular among the city's population. However, he quickly makes a useful friendship with Gabby. After learning that Uncle John was responsible for the Celia Wallace business scandal and associated crime, he asks Uncle John to return the money and decides to work for Celia and his brother Ted (Russell Hayden) instead of Uncle John . <br /> <br /> As her rival's outlook rises, Uncle John decides to plant an informant (Barbara Britton, as Letty Tyler) in Wallace's office to tell him about when he delivers ore from me to the city so that he can sabotage his escape. When this does not work, he resorts to the draconic tactic of putting a fire out of his own office, for which Randy is to blame. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was in Letty's apartment, confronted with suggestive evidence that prevented Uncle John. Myrtle and Letty testify he was in the apartment when the fire was discovered. This puts Letty and him in the dog house with Celia (his apparent beau) and Ted (who hopes to make Letty). This news also ends with Uncle John's trust in Letty as an informant, and he suggests he is leaving town. Instead she switches to the sides and tells the Wallachians why Randy was in her apartment. Uncle John tries to sabotage his ore again, and when he fails, there's a general fire in the city. You can compile the results. The plot is well built and executed, with complicated relationships between principles and a variety of obstacles Randy can overcome, sometimes with the help of his associates. At least, Randy was spared the need to bring his uncle to justice. Uncle John had a choice to avoid assassination, but he thought arrogantly that a woman would not have the courage to carry out her threat. Hayes's presence and two wonderful, healthy women, as well as little Myrtle, helped greatly to ease the tense atmosphere in this struggle for survival, as Uncle John said. It seems odd that Barbara Britton, the "bad" girl, gets a fidelity of femininity over Catherine Craig, the interest of Randy's love. Barbara's time was much more limited. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up on the Lassie TV series with George Cleveland as "Gramps" will be surprised to find him playing such a bad man of control. We may wonder whether the wheelchair condition has an influence on this person. This leaves them with few options to make their lives in the wild West. Without a seeming family to help him (except Randy), he can not afford to have a boy out of the city's most profitable business. On the other hand, from his conversations, he has probably reached the status of "chief" of the city before becoming involved in the wheelchair.
