Randolph Scott is heading for Albuquerque to take a job with his uncle. However, on the way, the scene is high - even if it does not carry a strong box. However, a beautiful lady on board hides $ 10,000 for her and her brother's business ... and the robbers seem to know that. Once in town, Scott goes to this uncle about the job. However, he soon learns that this uncle is a villain - the typical type of evil in the West. You know, the rich man who just wants to become richer by deception, theft and threat until he's got it all. And it happens that this bastard is behind the robbery. Scott asks the Uncle to return the money, and then Scott goes into business with the beautiful lady and her brother. It is not surprising that this is not the end of the problems - just the beginning. Again and again, intrigue of different types appears to try to crush the uncle's opposition. A trick is to bring a beautiful lady to make friends with Scott and his partners. She is a shot of cracks and she's sorry for Scott - until she realizes why she was coming to town. Unlike Randolph Scott's latest films, he shows that Scott is a tougher man. Too often in his films, he is the last to suggest violence, but in this film he is quick to suggest a loophole (wipe the law, let's cling to) and later threatens the uncle. What a surprise you see as such a boy - though in most other ways, he is the same old Scott you would expect. As for the movie, there is nothing particularly unusual about it. Gabby Hayes plays the usual character, Scott is a hero, Baddie can not be motivated and eventually destroyed and Scott becomes the girl. Despite this very typical plot, everything is doing very well, and as a result it deserves your time. By the way, there are two weird scenes in the movie. First, at the end of the movie, there is a fist fight between Scott and Noah's uncle, Lon Chaney, Jr. In him, Chaney smokes while fighting - something I have never seen before and I admired how he could have stifled as he took his head down. Secondly, you get a load of that trolley scene with the whip - now it was an impossible girl!
