The abbreviated line above, spoken by James Cloud (Robert Preston) to his brother Tom (Robert Sterling), almost tells everything. Jim, AKA Kid Wichita, has a way to make things happen, just trouble, he usually leaves the bodies in which he was. This is not the kind of guidance Tom imagines for his younger brother Jeff, who likes what he sees in Jim, especially when he protects his ranch against Texas cattle. State Opening Credits "Introducing John Barrymore Jr. Little Brother" in this first appearance of the screen. This seemed rather strange to me, especially since he was approached as Jeff almost immediately in the story. About eighteen at the time of this film, he has a passing resemblance to Sean Penn. No stranger to the personal and legal issues throughout his career as well as to the alienation of his family, I was asked if his daughter, Drew Barrymore, had ever seen this picture. I'm inclined not to believe it. As for similarities, I was also struck by the thought that young Robert Sterling looked a bit like Roy Rogers at the beginning of his career. Knowing Sterling only from the role of George Kerby in the 1950s TV Topper series, I thought he did not look from a place in a Western, but that could only be me. His character is encouraged by his brother's inventiveness to create problems, and offers some of the hardness of this typical story. Minor submarines abound, including John Gall (John Litel), along with his son, the sheriff (who kills Kid Wichita), and the disturbing marriage between Kathleen Boyce (Cathy Downs) and her husband Earl (Kid Wichita kill). Chill Wills ended the main cast as one of Tom Cloud's hands and the figures somewhat predictable. What is not quite predictable is how things get there, and for this reason gains points for tracking a less traveled number, so not too much like a plot like a lot of good brothers / evil sorcerers brothers. Combined with the eclectic casting of directors, it's one that I would recommend, even if you have to bear some of the jump cuts and inappropriate editing I've experienced with my copy.
