According to The Last of the Cowboy Heroes, which is about Joel McCrea, Audie Murphy and Randolph Scott, the author says Albuquerque was the only film he did not personally review because he claimed he was lost. It has not been seen for years. Good for Western fans someone made a spring cleaning at Paramount because a print was apparently found and is now in the open market. Albuquerque is also a fairly good western, with Scott involved in a family blame with Uncle George Cleveland. George Cleveland sends to his grandson Randolph Scott with the intention of being part of his freight business, based in the rapid growth of Albuquerque. Cleveland is more than a business owner, is the head of the city he is driving from a wheelchair. She even has the sheriff in her pocket. <br /> <br /> Randolph Scott is not a cowboy hero for nothing. This does not include the support of relatives when they are villains. He goes to work for a rival costume run by brother and sister Russell Hayden and Catherine Craig. Cleveland is full of tricks and even sends for a Mata Hari vest in Barbara Britton to hunt his way into the trust of his rivals. Barbara is wonderful as a viper who develops her own agenda. Randolph Scott's original studio was Paramount, where he was his first studio contract. Albuquerque scored the last film he made for Paramount and gave him a good one. He also notices Lon Chaney, Jr., who is the captain of George Cleveland, a bad man of a man and Gabby Hayes, who is just Gabby Hayes. Albuquerque must have been loved by Republicans across the nation in 1948, with its chief boss as a head of the city leading from a wheelchair. A certain wheelchair democrat has chaos for four presidential elections and he left. They had great hopes to win the White House that year, but things got worse and had to settle for a team leader to get his Albuquerque income. I'm not sure why Cleveland was in a wheelchair, since nothing was made of it in the plot. I think he was hurt and played the role that way because he had to. Albuquerque must have had a great appeal on the GOP market.
