Robert Culp (they call their "doctor" ... I think he's a vet or something) and the family moves into a rich suburb with low and zero tax rates. Chain-jawed Culp and his dog are almost killed when some idiot local neighbor children get drunk and "cruise" through the front yard at 60 mph. He pushes accusations that stir the anger of the children, and suddenly he and his family are victims of a violent and disturbing joke campaign. Marilyn Manson, rather Marlyn Mason, who urges them not to use violence against their wizards, and who really wants to move somewhere with decent public services. But the System does not go to Culp anywhere, and will not come out of his house because of punk kids and their crazy music. And we all know what people do when the System fails ... (but it's based on a true story, which makes it even better). It should be noted that while bad hooligans do have a favorable thematic music of the 1970s, funk-o-matic, which warns us when they are not good, this film ends by treating the brackets of age even (even!). It does not make a great generation of it. Kudos for this. However, if you like dogs (or at least you believe in protecting their civil rights, like me), and you like justice, and you like the fire, and you love justice for dogs by way of fire, and you think people who get nervous from communities troubled are "too good," then the ethos of this movie is yours. No, it's not really "good", at least not in a recognized sense of the word. There is nothing subtle, understated or intelligent about this, it is just a kind of long-awaited PSA for vigilance. Nevertheless, it captures the feeling of memorable scenes in other beloved works. Remember in Frank Miller's The Dark Knight. Does he return when Batman is driving the Mutants on the horse to recover Gotham City? Remember that scene in "Christmas Story" where the baby hits the bully's face? Remember how cold this was? Or do you just hate to look funny for your neighbors? Yes, mon. Unfortunately, it was a 1973 TV movie, which I just met at 4 am on the local WB affiliate and probably not for DVD release. But after you've inspired this movie, you think I'm gonna stay here and get it!
