Zombi 3 has an interesting history in its accomplishment. First of all, it's a continuation of Fulcom's Zombi 2 hit, and Zombi 2 is, of course, a marketing game to deceive people into thinking it was a sequel to the Dawn of the Dead, known as the Zombies , by George A. Romero. Confused enough? Basically, none of the movies have anything to do with each other, but who cares about when they make money. I think Fulci is starting to worry about production about halfway through Zombie 3 when he decided to leave. Bruno Mattei was brought onboard to help the movie pad with extra scenes to extend the running time. Zombie 3 The plot is your typical zombie fare. Scientists develop a serum on an island in the Philippines, the terrorists steal a plague and the zombie run amok. Scientists want to create an antidote, while the military is committed to cutting all without prejudices. There are also short insertions of a DJ Radio that preaches about how we treat the planet. <br /> <br /> Generally, I really liked this movie. I have heard horrible things, but I think the joyful dialogue is quite pleasant. The film seems to be an attempt to raise awareness about pollution, the corrupt army, the man who plays God, etc. I have the impression that it was a serious film at one point, but it went in a strange direction, probably when Mattei came aboard. In addition to breaking other zombie films, it was very similar to Romero's The Crazies. You have heard that the Radio DJ breaks the good news with: "When you see the men in white suits and gas masks, run to them for help." This is, of course, played on the pictures of white men who throw down the zombies. Later, they directly suspect a Crazies scene in which one of the ordinary, uncontaminated people is killed by mistake. The gore factor is pretty good in this case with zombie hordes around every corner. How cool is it? Let me count the paths? Zombie Birth 2. Flying Zombie Head 3. Zombie birds. 4. Free-standing zombies swimming in the pool. My favorite zombie was the manicure at the gas station. He was the bad ass and ruined almost the entire building trying to kill a girl. Favorite Quote When a sergeant insists on creaming a zombie, scientists ask, "Do you not think once the ash is in the air, it will fall to the ground and contaminate everything?" To which Sargeant boldly responds: "Now we're talking about science fiction." He also continues to mention Science Fiction, said by scientists, even at the end when everyone dies. Galleries, Trailers and Interviews, especially with Mattei, where he insists he has directed 40% of the scenes but can not remember which of them or any other significant details. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: A must see for the zombie and Fulci fans. <br /> <br /> Molly Celaschi www.HorrorYearbook.com MySpace.com/HorrorYearbook
