A glacier slide inside a cavernous mountain of ice sends his three characters, squeezing into a damp slides of damp slides that has a shot to amaze the children in the same way that the mature audience can be amazed by the star gate sequence that closes 2001: A Space Odyssey. Miles out in vision, but it's still a scene of rush and excitement, however. A magnificent opening sequence takes place where a cricket like a squirrel tries to hide its precious acorn. You've probably seen this scene in the trailer, but as it happens, it starts a domino effect when the mountain begins to crack and, as it turns out, an avalanche. Horror continues to go as the bitch tries to overcome the impossible. The movie follows two characters, a mammoth named Manfred (Ray Romano) and a Latvian heel (John Leguizamo) while trying to migrate south. They find a human child that they adopt and then decide to follow their parenting figures to return to them. They joined a sword tiger named Diego (Denis Leary), whose intention to wander is to bring the child to his tiger clan, driving the mammoth and laziness into a trap. Diego's family, who eats flesh, wishes more to the mammoth, but Diego's friendship values ​​make it easy for you to make the final choice in the end. <br /> <br /> There are natural fatalistic dangers of the world along the journey, including an erupted volcano and a glacier bridge that threatens to melt at the moment, reminiscent of the Shrek castle escape. The characters are thinking about why they are in the ice age, as they would call it "The Big Chill" or "The Nippy Era." Some characters want a future global warming. Another wonderful line about mating issues among my friends: "Everyone is never around. The sensible ones are eaten, windy windy lines, capricious comedy, and petty adventure make this easy to follow. , the food is so low for the cute vegetarians that they think the dandelion and the pine cone are "good food." The vocal talents of Romano, Leguizamo and Leary handle their characters, while children will enjoy their antique, adults will imagine the riffs on their own talents. There is a slight violence and intense content, but the children will be enthusiastic and will receive one of their first introductions of the old good-old battle and family tradition and friendship are powerful thematic links. Animators also use majestic backgrounds that are super cool. <br /> <br />
