"Ice Age" is one of the cartoon movies ever produced by Blue Sky Studios and launched in 2002 as the first company. We are introduced to the main characters: a squirrel named Scrat (expressed by Chris Wedge, and please note: the sound of Scrat's cries is the sound of Tom's Tom and Jerry's cries of shouts), a humming mammoth called Manny de Ray Romano about "Everybody Loves Raymond"), a lazy guy named Sid (expressed by John Leguizamo from "Titan AE") and a saber tiger named Diego (Denis Leary from "A Bug's Life"). /> <br /> The film opens with Scrat trying to bury an acorn and immediately avalanche. Then we see a flock that goes south for the next Ice Age (except for Manny, who heads to other mammoths that look like him). Sid comes out of the cave caved and I see his family abandoning him. Then he pays a tax with some aardvari. Unfortunately, he is being watched by Sylvia (expressed by Kirsten Johnston of "3rd Rock of the Sun"), an orange woman who wants Sid to go with her. Sid finally joins the Manny team and they become friends. Meanwhile, near a human tribe, Soto (expressed by Goran Visnjic), a tiger stray saber, wants revenge against the tribe leader to wipe out half of his pack just by stealing his little son, Roshan, away from him. Morning, Diego and Soto, Lenny (Alan Tudyk's voice), Oscar (Diedrich Bader's voice) and Zeke (Jack Black's voice) attacked the tribe, but the wife's wife escaped with Roshan to Manny and Sid to take care. Eventually, Diego joins them and goes on a journey to return Roshan to his tribe, who is also looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out, okay? In addition to Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia and Roshan, the supporting characters, including a pack of wolves that Roshan's tribe uses, not to mention a purple purple called Jennifer (expressed by Jane Krakowski) a faint female bitch named Rachel (Lorri Bagley's voice), to whom Sid showed Roshan as he relaxed in a tar pitch. In fact, the two rhinoceros, Carl (expressed by Cedric The entertainer of PDI's "Madagascar"), and Frank (expressed by Stephen Root from "Finding Nemo") who go after Sid because they destroy their table and face Manny on a rock, are minor characters. The same goes for the dodos, who use melons as food. The bands in this movie are very funny. For example, Manny speaks through his trunk, saying, "I'm not going!" When Jennifer and Rachel are out of the dump, Sid asks Jennifer, "What do you say if we crawl in the pool of the lashes and see what's going on?" Jennifer then responds, "What do you say if you go to TAR PIT!" And Rachel hits Sid in his waist. Sylvia sees Diego holding Sid on his neck with his teeth, then asks Sid if he keeps his breath, tells Diego to eat it and goes away promptly. Since "Ice Age" is not just a gift, it has two sequels: the first was Ice Age: The Meltdown, which was released in 2006, and the other was "Ice Age: The Dawn of the Dinosaurs" future. I can not wait to see what the "Ice Age: The Dawn of the Dinosaurs" will be.
