Lily Mars's presentation offered Judy Garland one of the easier roles she had at MGM, because Lily Mars is certainly an identifiable character. A young girl with enough talent for ten, she knows she has everything she needs to do it in the theater, no matter how much discouraged producer Van Heflin from her hometown. I really liked Judy in this one as the determined girl to do it in the theater. Because it's Judy Garland with Judy Garland's talent, you, in public, know that he has the right stuff, even if Van Heflin is needed almost for the whole movie to be convinced. Both Judy and Heflin, the same small town, Heflin's father was the city's doctor who gave her and Heflin, while she could have gone away and become a great Broadway producer, their mothers , Fay Bainter and Spring Byington, stayed in touch. This is her entourage, but Heflin is constantly scoffed at the stagestruck children, but she never likes anyone much Lily Mars. There have not been great hits from Lily Mars' presentation to Garland, although she sings all her numbers. The best film is a revival of chestnut in the gas age, every little movement has its own meaning. Judy sings with Connie Gilchrist playing the cleaning lady at a Broadway theater where Heflin's show takes place. Gilchrist was a star back in the days of FloraDora Girls and she and Judy deliver the grand-song with Connie. It's the best scene in the movie because Gilchrist encourages Judy to keep her. Composer Karl Hoschna died long ago, but the lyricist Otto Harbach was still alive and bet that he liked what he heard. European musical star Marta Eggerth is presenting Lily Mars as a show star that is at first confused, then angry, and finally, Garland and Heflin's understanding. He made some films with MGM and then returned to Europe for more work on the continent. I bet MGM did not know what to do with her and her thick Hungarian accent, although Louis B. Mayer never met a soprano she did not like. Van Heflin is doing well with a patient manufacturer who is very busy with Garland and Eggerth. Heflin just left the Oscar for Johnny Eager the previous year and he and Garland would not seem to be an ideal screen team, but they are not bad together. The presentation of Lily Mars is a fine showcase for Judy Garland's talent. And he did not have to share the screen in another movie with Mickey Rooney.
