I first rented this movie many years ago and I was completely excited about it. Just recently, feeling a strange need to review some of the few movies I enjoyed a lot during my life, I decided to give "Erendira" another look. And I'm glad I did it, as I soon discovered that the passage of time has never diminished the shine of this film. The story is about a teenage girl (Erendira, played remarkably by Claudia O'hana - in some ways it resembles Winona Ryder!) Accidentally burning her grandmother's mansion, after which the grandfather, played hypnotically by Irene Papas, forces a girl in a life of prostitution on the way to repay the damage. The view is fascinating and convincing - however, despite basic preconceptions about prostitution, it is deprived of abusive and abusive sexual content. The story revolves around interactions between the girl and her grandmother and the various colored characters they come in contact with during their stay - which, by the way, lies in the rough and tumultuous part of rural Mexico. > <br /> The film is very atmospheric, has an enigmatic character, with the quality of a determined dream. She sometimes bordered on the bizarre, but not at the point of saying, for example, a film by David Lynch. It is also noteworthy that the film is very allegorical in nature, read the comments of previous viewers below ... Often in the background you hear the sounds of a lonely, quiet and melancholy accordion, adding just the right musical accents to highlight the Mexican setting . The cinema of rural localities, many of them in the desert, is quite superb. The movie moves at a nice pace, not too fast or too slow after every scene I felt to roll back the tape and play it again just because it makes you want to do that. For me anyway, that's convincing. Hopefully you will see the movie in the Spanish version with subtitles. I studied Spanish both in high school and college, and I was happy to understand much of the dialogue. Dove: "El mundo does not tan grande como pensaba." ("The world is not as big as I thought" - that is, it's a small world.) This movie reminds me of a stumbling on an old bottle of wine, which, after drinking, is a huge satisfaction , however, you are left with some sadness in realizing that there are no more bottles like this.
