I've seen Slaughter High several times over the years and always realized it was a nice song with a strange sense of humor but I never knew she was filmed in the UK and I never knew that the actor who played Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) committed suicide after the film was released. I think I noticed while watching her last night that the actors seem to be strange to the Americans and that some of them are not very good at hiding their English accents. is the story of a nerd, Marty, who is the head of the joke from his colleagues, and on a certain day, the April Fools Day is lured into the girl's locker by a Caroline Munro (yes, playing a teenager) and humiliated for long . Of course the coach captures the band in the workplace and is given a vigorous training to punish them, but not before some of the boys slip Marty a joint that they try to smoke in the chemistry lab but it's full of something that makes him sick, and when he goes to the toilet, one of his colleagues sneaks and puts a chemical that reacts with something that Marty mixes with, which results in a fire and the spill of a bottle of nitric acid that leaves those the poor Marty burned and squeaked horribly. Ten years later, the same band headed for their class meeting at the good Doddsville High, which seems strangely elevated and inaccessible, but due to ingenuity they can get in and find the seemingly empty place ... except for a room in which there is a banquet and a liquid drink and, of course, eating, drinking and cheering. Soon they will die, of course. The tape is followed one by one by a figure in the mask of a shit, but could it be Marty? They do not know, they think it's either in a trash bin or work for IBM, they're not sure why. But whoever he is is working fast on them. Very ugly is a girl who bathes to wash her blood from one of her classmates, whose spirits have appeared everywhere when she drank poisoned beer. She is the victim of a bath of water, which I think could have been one of the songs originally cut in the tape version, because they seemed extra ugly when I saw it this time. I could be wrong, but I think he was not on the tape. In any case, there is some overturn that ends and it also contains tape images, I think. There is also a bit of front nudity that was also excised, but besides, I have not really noticed if there are other bits on this uncut version, probably so, but it's been a while since I saw it last time. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if you're a fan of 80 years of shooting, then open the DVD of the new release, because it's a little fun with a good atmosphere and feel it. 7 out of 10.
