This movie looked like a classic in the genre "slasher 80s", which is my favorite kind of all, so when I saw it was Free on Demand, I had to see it! Her name is Caroline Munro, from both Dr. Phibes' films (she was his wife who died!), Dracula AD 1972, Sinbad's Golden Trip, Captain Kronos - Vampire Hunter, The Spy Who Loved Me, Maniac and Faceless. /> <br /> It brought you by the people behind do not open up Christmas and pieces, Heres my thoughts on this ... It opens on April Fools Day, where a bunch of kids play a joke on school, promising sex in the shower and giving him public humiliation and a face in the toilet (all while naked!). The coach stops, but both sides swear vengeance. But wicked children end up burning the spell in life. Cut to the future and the third high school reunion, or do they think (bwahahha?). The only ones who received the invitations were the band that burned the baby and the April Madness Day (or indeed the day before the madmen in April, but the fun begins at midnight), but they fail to see coincidence and stay in face school until nightfall. Then they get into school and start running. Inside, they find food / drink and a small altar for each of them, each of their cabinets and objects, along with Marty's closet (nerds) and the directory. They also find the old black caretaker who spends his time saying, "Oooh yesser! Yesser, I do not want a problem, sir!" and then killed immediately. A rather useless character, but it's my favorite. The movie takes a page from Alien's book in a deliciously hoarse way that you just have to see! This happens when everyone realizes that they are there to die and start scaring except Shirley, who decides that it would be better to bathe in the old shower cabins at a time like this. Of course, pour blood and acid and the face melts (very cool, you mind) The rest of the night goes as usual, sex, drugs and Marty killing everyone while wearing a mask shit. What plan? "All we have to do is stay awake and wait until noon. Marty will not kill us during the middle day!" Seriously, that's what he said. Looks like you can just kill the night. But will they survive at night? Who will live and who will die? And why do all the bodies disappear? Hire, buy or steal this great movie to find out! The movie is really good, full of clichés (the car does not start from the beginning, DAMMIT!) And simple fun. Not to mention that everyone has names like Carol and Nany and Frank and Joe and Susan. I recommend it to everyone! And, let alone, has a Spin Off! The 1989 Cutting Class is a spin-off from this slasher gem, and that the film starts the career of Brad Pitt and Roddy McDowell. Preferred scene: 2 people who have sex, the guy wants to finish, but the girl does not. "Talk to me dirty, Frank!" she shouts "Uh ... tits!" "More dirty!" "Breasts ... Breasts ... Women. Looks like they work for her and her highlight, the killer electrocules them both!
