Slaughter High starts up like any other day at Doddsville County High School where the tiny Carol Manning (Caroline Munro) tricked Mrs. Martha Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) into the girl cabinets where she tells her to strip herself in the shower while the College of Friends of Carol's coming and now giving Marty a naked surprise as he filmed him as they banged their head in the toilet for the girls in a joke on a crazy day. The school's coach (Marc Smith) saves Marty and punishes him on tape that blames Marty, deciding to play another trick on him only this time when things get out of hand and Marty is caught in an explosion and has nitric acid sprinkled over the face. Years later and the entire band are invited to a class meeting at the closed school now, they all find out that they are the only ones out there. Everybody ventures in, where they learn quickly that they are not alone there when Marty returns and has revenge in his mind ... Initially, shot under the title "Fool's Day", which they were (1986) made an unusual American coproduction in the same year by having three credited writers and directors George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (after never seeing a three-credit movie I have seen now two weeks and the other being Jean-Claude Van Damme, Kickboxer (1989), and I have to say that I really liked Slaughter High even if it seems to have a pretty bad reputation. One of the things I like in the script is that it's a pure film that does not try to be anything else, and just accepts the rules of genres, short games and games and plays them. In principle, she offers what she promises, a murderer, blood, tits, and kids. I thought the character was fine, the story was OK, even if it's just an excuse to get a load of teenagers in an isolated location, so a killer can face them one by one and also pleasant for which Slaughter High receives a lot of flakes. The first half starts a bit slow, but the second half moves along a knot level because there is a heavy killing after another. Some situations and character reactions do not make sense, but the same can be said about any movie ever made, who is complaining? Despite three well-known directors, Slaughter High, they were pretty good, I liked the look of the movie a lot. The school's isolated school has made a really atmospheric location and has shown good, the producers are throwing a good storm and there are beautiful pictures, especially at the end of the year, where there are many impressive, long-lasting, pictures that follow Carol on different rundown school corridors. While it is not particularly stylish, it certainly looks pretty nice and it is made professionally. There is a good gore here, including burned bodies, acid-melt people, pulses, stomach bursts, face-to-death and death by the lawn mower, and someone drowning in feces down a drainage channel ! The special effects are also better than expected and I was so impressed and pleased with the higher number of body expectations. From a technical point of view, the movie is better than I expected and beats the smallest shit of horror is released today, I would have thought it was a relatively low budget. Supposedly settled in America, this was very obviously shot in England. Harry Manfredini makes another score that sounds exactly like all other musical scores and is essentially the same with Friday's theme, September 13 (1980) and his sequel. Anyone who lives here in the UK will probably recognize Billy Hartman, who interpreted Frank as a director in Farm Emmerdale (one of our highest rated countries) in which he plays Terry Woods! While most horror fans will recognize Sexy Caroline Munro in a rare role. The legendary producer of exploitation, Dick Randall, has done the act of Slaughter High and actually appears in the movie as a porn producer ... I'm talking about tipcasting! You can also see a poster for the wrong glow, which was Pieces (1982), which he also produced behind him in his office. Slaughter High is a movie that I liked a lot,? I did not say it was great. In fact, she told me that I liked it at a personal level and I'm sure the predictable question and the lack of story probably will put more, so I can not recommend it, but I can say that I liked it, doing what you want. Be sure to watch the uncorrected version if you ever decide you want to check it. If you're not a fan of Slaughter's genre, then Slaughter High will not change your minds, but if we're looking for a simple and effective slasher then you can do a lot worse than that.
