God bless the 80 films. This is a fun and fun movie. These are the ones about which slasher movies are involved. Now I do not say horror films, just slasher movies. It happens like this: A high school madman is chosen by all these stupid and cheerful nonsense, and one of their farce goes awful. Disbanded and back for revenge, a Joker / Jester mask (quite creepy, could add), Marty begins killing adolescents one by one, many years later, after he manages to make them think their abandoned high school having a meeting. Is this, in principle, the plot? What's wrong with that? That's the beauty of 80-year-old films, most of them would tell me. A lot of things could be so ridiculous, but they'll attract you more in a while. Especially this movie. It has some killer crimes, and some are pretty creative. (poisoning a beer, acid bath, I do not remember a roll that's ever been used in any other slasher movie) It's really a fun and fun movie. That's all it is. Undoubtedly the characters are completely idiots, they do not care about their stupidity, nor do they care about the scandalous and random things that appear in this movie. Like the light that can be controlled by the killer (when not even a few buttons are going through, you will see) and the toilets can cough, and the baths can have acid to get out of it, just used as a part of entertainment! Because that's what makes it really fun. Movies like this are 80-year slash. You could never have made such movies, you know why? I'm not 80 years old. That's why you should cherish it for what I am, good fun! I highly recommend this movie if you are a Slahsers hardcore fan, like Friday, 13. A final note, this film also had a negative character, Marty Rantzen. A disfigured, nerd, who kills all his old enemies in a huge Jester mask. A good bastard makes a good slasher. Simon Scuddamore, who played Marty, seems to have committed suicide shortly after Slaughter High was released. Only that adds something creepy to the movie and sticks to it and even makes you feel worse for the Marty character, I think. All in all, fun 80 fun! It is a shame that it will never be the same ...
