Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who makes the art of the least "artistic" imaginary objects. Everyday items, such as boxes, boxes, metal containers, etc. - objects that most of us perceive to be the most useful utility and rejected as being absolutely without aesthetic merit - are transformed into glorious art objects from Burtynsky's room. He realizes this result by focusing on the recurrent colors and geometric patterns apparently present in the industrialized world - for those who have a sufficient perception to see them, that is. Even piles of compact baskets can become objects of beauty when seen through Burtynsky's lens (but I have not already known this from "Wall-E"?). He is particularly interested in photos in areas such as mines and shipyards, where man has already made trips in nature - which can explain why sometimes even the people in his photos (ie workers in those places) with uniform clothing and movements robotic, part of the industrial landscape. "Made Landscapes," a documentary about Burtynsky's work, has much of a sense of a "Koyaanisqatsi" about him, because he has impressed us with his rich variety of images and models. Indeed, director Jennifer Baichwal and cinema Peter Mettler captures the essence of the original photos in purely cinematic while their cameras filming records Burtynsky and his assistant, who works in a factory in China, a gig in Bangladesh and the construction site solid Three Rivers Project Gorge Dam in China. With their fluid filming, those who create the film match the view of Burtynsky's beauty. In fact, the film opens with a picture amazing eight minutes, following a Chinese factory where hundreds of workers dressed similarly rotate perfectly symmetrical lines and color coordinated. The film is less good when Burtynsky gets to articulate the "themes" of his work, which, frankly, went out confused, contradictory and, ultimately, very little semi-precious. But it is like a purely aesthetic experience, underlining the image and shape, that "Made Landscapes" resonates the most. In Burtynsky's case, perhaps an image is really worth a thousand words.
