This is a documentary that came out of the splendid work of a Canadian landscape photographer whose interest has long been in the ravages left on earth by man's excavations or buildings. It starts with a vast complex of factories crowded by people who make a great variety of small things, probably from high-tech equipment; is not very clear. The focus is on how big the place is and how many people are there and how they are weighted out in yellow jackets. The film also shows the photographer working on a high structure to make a lot of people outside the factory and talk to his crew while doing so. This is a world of relentless industrialization. It is at least a relief to know that these soulless images will not be presented without a human voice, as is the case in Nikolaus Geyrhalter's cold documentary about the food industry, "Our Daily Bread." The industrial landscapes contain images of people who get rid of e-waste and a city (many cities, indeed) being wiped out by the largest dam ever, with a single shot of a little girl in the graves of her own neighborhood eating a bowl using a pair of chopsticks bigger than her. Some of these scenes, those with poorly paid workers in dangerous and toxic places, could have been shot memorably by Premier engagé photographer Sebastião Salgado. But the photographer is not so interested in seeing people almost. His orientation places it somewhere between Salgado and Lewis Baltz's modern and cold neutral landscapes. Everything happens in China, of course, although the previous film is black and white of the photographer working around a large shipbuilding site in Bangladesh. It is supported by music in a New Age-style industrial style that is alternately reassuring and oppressive. Are there many photographs of the photographer's work - or were some of them made by the film crew? It is not clear. <br /> <br /> Edward Burtynsky is the photographer's name. We see that people are wandering through the exhibits of his beautiful work - the dramatic large prints of the colorful images of the viewing room composed with a beautiful glow. The irony is that Burtynsky makes such unique and glorious images of places that are essentially corrupted, and in the ordinary eye are scornful and dull. He admits he does not accept any political position. When we can compare his images to those caught by the roaming eye of Peter Mettler's cinema, Burtynsky's work amounts to some kind of glorification and hence falsification. But it shows us some places that, if we look closely, reveal their dark story of devastation and neglect, no matter how well their pictures could be artised. Logically, but not entirely fortunately, it is Burtynsky whose voice-stories narrate most of the film because it stretches on different sites. Burtynsky's "epiphany" may have inspired decades of beautiful work, but they are nothing but truism about how we change the planet irremediably; are dependent on oil, which will be exhausted; that China entered the massive industrialization game late, and could burn early with the exhaustion of fossil fuels. The interest of "Made Landscapes" would be much greater if there were new perceptive ideas to accompany it. The reasons for her view are two: to see the sounds of Burtynsky's work and raw materials, the spaces he visits and chronic so beautiful; and to see scenes from China's vast, wonderful, discouraging and terrifying industrialization of modern China. Due to the narrator's limitations, the idea of ​​the title "Industrial Landscapes" feels insufficiently developed. Sounds like a wrong name. There are new landscapes, but they are the byproduct of production rather than "fabricated". "Landscapes of Waste" or "Lost Landscapes" could be better titles. There is plenty of room for this documentary, for more intellectual searching for the movie about this interesting subject; and those who want to know more about Edward Burtynsky could do better to search their books or exhibitions.
