I read more mixed reviews, and some of them shot the movie. Originally I became interested in this project because it was directed by Tony Scott and I became very interested in her work after Man On Fire had such a profound impact on me. Before I start the review, let me say this first ... it's great to see that this movie could have been said in a boring and ordinary way, yet Scott's writers have chosen a different approach. <br /> <br /> Plot: <br /> <br /> Simply stated, it is not boring. Most Hollywood movies offer "tried and true" plots that I know will connect with people, often making public acceptance by the public and creating a higher probability of profit. This plot was one of the most interesting things I've seen for a while. Just for reference, I recently watched "The Weather Man" and "Lord of War," and while I say these movies are excellent, and I've enjoyed both of them extraordinary, both plots of these movies are boring and are told exactly as you would expect them to be told. They have no chance, and they are extremely predictable after watching a fairly large amount of American films. Domino's domain is so exciting and to say in a way that keeps you thinking, "Oh, man, now they are deceived." And I feel he was missing many recent movies. She has a depth to her, in my opinion, and gives you a lot of things to ask while watching. Generally, this has kept me so interested in the movie. <br /> <br /> Characters: <br /> <br /> I felt the characters were accurate. Knightley did a wonderful job of describing a beautiful woman who was just inside and wanted to be regarded as what she was. It was obvious that she wanted to prove herself and that she had everything she had to do. Choco was also very credible, his Spanish use in inappropriate situations, his reactions to Domino's lack of affection, and the jealousy issues in the team ... all really sounded to me, which made me to feel that his character was more realistic. Rourke's character was the least interesting for me, but it still sounded real to me. He seemed like an ordinary guy, trying to meet. I hope they tried to do it with him, because that's what I got out of it. He did a really good job of showing Ed a kind of Joe medium that made his mistakes but still trying to live. Claremont / Ladies: I think he gave them a very necessary heart "to the story. They were not just people who did not earn money to buy a Bentley, they were real people who had a real problem and were looking for others to reach that You could empathize them because, for them, this child's illness was a problem with no other solution. These characters should have shown real people who are less fortunate who have entered this misery because they needed it The Mafioti: They made the story to look sinister in a way that only the mafia can, and I loved that part, they also covered the story with small intricacies that made this plot much more interesting. Christopher Walken / 90210 Boys: They provided comic relief in an otherwise serious film. From Walken's weird claims to the unremitting references to the 90210 guys who are haunted. making them much more enjoyable in the movie. Cinematography ... yes ... cinema. Here it seems that this movie has lost many potential fans. But, in my opinion, I thought it was a genius, using the room to translate the state of mind of the current situation was extremely effective in my opinion. I considered a method that was done properly, but could always use improvements, just like anything else. I appreciate and congratulate Scott, the editor, the cinematographer and the director of photography to make real chances with this movie. Not only did they go far and away with the presentation, but went a long way. The use of colors, both extremely light and extremely dark, has offered the film's "appearance", with a sinister and glamorous look, which accurately describes the crowd's life, the bounty hunters and the less fortunate in a manner that shows their life is not like peachy or "clean" like anybody else.If you notice, in moments of less stress or conflict, there have been very few tricks of cameras if there is not at all.This shows that Scott and his crew they were trying to get something on this and not only did it to give it. I realize that most people who watched this movie did not expect that and cause many to be disabled for this movie, but I think it was great that Scott took this approach Hollywood movies became predictable and gentle Most of them are shot in the same fashion with the same twists and turns I'm glad Scott tried to do something different. Granted, this movie is not for everyone, but to say that it's garbage and that nothing has to offer is missing completely. I enjoyed this movie very much and I'm glad I spent the money for it. I would recommend this to everyone, but I'm sure he will only hit a string with few. I have to agree with a previous poster when he said that many of those who refuse to see outside the "MTV sphere" will not appreciate this movie, but I think many want it. We should all try to enjoy the fact that Scott and co. took a few chances and tried to deliver something different and unique. And given this, I think it has done a great deal.
