As soon as I knew that Keira Knighteley was in this movie, I said, "I have to watch this movie." It is the main indisputable, Domino, a reward hunter. Her "job," as she would teach our "no action" scenes, reflects her rebellious and violent attitude towards life. I have to admit it is the first time I watch an action movie whose most important scenes are where the weapons are away from the characters' hands. So that made me a little bit of a meal. Anyway, for all John Woo fans, there are helicopters that collapse, explosions, gunfire as if they're raining and a lovely Keira who shoots two machine guns, one on hand. The cast is absolutely brilliant. Going beyond Keira, who in this film is a true tomboy, quite different from the beautiful action figure we see, Mickey Rourke returns, with his usual face and strong body. Christopher Walken is doing pretty well as a reality show maker. Let's go to content: this film has a journalistic form. The talk-show scene is real "disgusting." Whoever watched that cargo of. . . you know, you can say that this is the air you breathe in those situations. Besides the producer, when Domino's mother says that the reality that should show Domino's life is "garbage without any crime", he replies "I do not take it as an offense." This movie presents a difficult life. Domino, coming out of a world that did not want it, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a bounty hunter "not so bounty," Choco (the third guy), who is the family (using Ed's words) "and Alf, the driver / bomber coming from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation. This group of people represents in a way the" naked "mankind, unlucky, violent and nothing to lose, except for their lives The intro of the film says it's "inspired by a true story ... more or less," so I can not tell you how much of this is true. However, by overcoming explosions and dozens of weapons (which could have been "added" to make the movie easier to see and to be classified as an action movie), the story of the characters is too realistic to be "edulcorated." /> The interaction between the characters is varied, well studied and sure (Lucy Liu, as never before in her acting career), which has not convinced me so much. This is just the reason Domino starts telling her story (and that's a story). Probably the only "con" in a movie with a lot of "pro". <br /> <br /> All in all: This is not "SWAT". Characters are crafted; have an identity, a form. They have a name and a name (not just "Gamble" and "Street"). It is appropriate to say that it is the biography of a girl whose life went as fast as a bullet.
