Prior to the notification: I'm sure someone will accuse me of playing here, but when I saw the preview for this movie, I was thinking "Finally!" I've still seen a movie about African-influenced dance (whether it's popular hip-hop, break, or stepping) where the main character was a black woman. I saw an excessive amount of movies in which a non-black woman who did not know anything about hip-hop comes fresh in the hood and makes a mediocre work of her (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up), but Women blacks in the film are almost nonexistent. That's what has always bothered me to consider so much hip hop, influenced African dance, and breaking with Blacks and Latinos in massive quantities in these special sets and it's not always been the ones that played it, so I felt like this movie it was a long time coming. However, the breed does not make the movie, so I also wanted to have a credible plot; dance to be fun; and interesting to watch. <br /> <br /> Pro: I really enjoyed this film that brought Jamaican culture. I can never remember a popular movie where all the main characters were Jamaican; had credible accents; and were not stereotyped with beans. Steppers, family, friends, and even "bullies" were truly intelligent, real people who tried to love, live and survive in the neighborhood where they were living doing something positive. Even when the audience was aware of the fact that the sister of the main character chose an alternative lifestyle, he did not yet make a stereotypical plot. I was pleased with the way it was presented. I liked the pace; the romantic flirtatious relationship between two passengers; the processes that the parents of the main character had passed; and how did he get back to the old neighborhood and deal with crabs in a barrel. I respected the fact that she was so intelligent and active at the same time, and many other shrimps in the film were dealing with the world step by step. Everyone was as excellent as the boys. I do not see this in too many films nowadays, at least not those that would be considered black movies. Against: I'm not sure why the directors or anyone who put together the movie did this, but I wonder if they were real shows. Whenever the passionate guys prepared to play, a hip-hop song would play instead of the stepper hand / footpaths. At a real step show, there is no need for music, except to entertain crowds among groups. And then, when the hip hop songs were played, sometimes the beatings on the track came out of the hands and feet of the steppers. It was weird. I was more impressed with the step in this movie versus "Stomp the Yard," because the women became so fierce as the guys (in "Stomp the Yard," Meagan Good received for a few seconds a few breaths and overturned by the hair and (Deltas?) left a song and a few steps and were cut off immediately). Even when there were very small scenes, ladies broke it, especially in the auto shop, and it was without that music to drown her physical music. I know that soundtracks must be sold, but the movie could have played music elsewhere in the movie. I'm not a fan of Keyshia Cole, every time I see it, all I've always thought "is it written in the script that she put her hand on her hip when she talks?" It seemed uncomfortable on my screen. I thought he should have used a host like Free or Rocsi. Deray Davis was funny as usual. I also groaned when I found out that the movie was supposed to be in the ghetto, as the passage could not happen elsewhere. Hollywood, as usual. However, only a few people have been portrayed as overly ignorant because of the neighborhoods and losers that film films tend to make. I would have given this movie five stars, but the music that played her killed it for me. I definitely intend to buy it when it comes out and hope the bonus scenes will include the current stages without all the songs.
