SPOILS BY: <br /> <br /> I'm really a minority on this, but I liked this movie. It's not a classic, but it certainly involves an adrenaline walk. I thought it deserved at least a 7 rating. Perhaps the reason I liked it was that I did not see the original. Something tells me that with a movie like this, the strongest fans will be people who have not seen the original version and therefore have little to compare. This was not a masterpiece, but I got pretty much in it and actually made me want to see the original. There were a few things I liked. One was Kowalkski's casting. Viggo Mortenson was great and really brought a lot of charisms in his role. Since most of the film fell on his shoulders, he had to be great and he was. This was an important role for him. Another interesting thing about Vansishing Point was that it was made for television. I had no idea it was the case when I was following him. It seems to be a big movie and I would never have guessed it was not a big screen launch. We also found the story to be very absorbent. I'm not one for action movies, but I was hot in this. In addition, it was far more than an action movie in which there was drama, mysticism, a love story, strange people in every way you came back. (I did not even recognize the Priest.) And it was a touch. It was not a great movie, but it is being watched. And then it's the end. It packs a strong shot and if someone has been involved in the story until that moment, it is very difficult not to be defeated at the very end. I'm not sure how I feel about the end. The implication was that Kowalkski survived, and although I'm very skeptical about how it's possible, it's a movie, and realism is not an ingredient that's always mixed when making a movie. I should have said that I found the end unbelievably unrealistic, but very moving in a manipulative way, which I usually do not like, but for some reason it is almost inerrant in this movie. Of course, a lot of things were just props for the plot (could be bad stereotypes?), But decision-makers have many right even though they have done many wrong things as well. However, as I have said, I will recognize that I can understand why someone who is a great fan of the original would hate this version because, although I have not seen the original, I have seen many original movies that I liked to come back to with terrible results. (My big layout is, in fact, the continuation.) But I can understand the low ratings if the original is of high quality. People compared this with Smoky and the bandit. How about a "Legends of the Fall" roadmap meets "Thelma and Louese"? I felt both touching both films (both of which I fancy.) I do not think, however, that it was a great movie. It was better than the average for me, but far from the sea. But it was an absorbing film, adrenaline powered, touching with an excellent distribution of the main character. My vote is 7 out of 10.
