In the Canadian direction, the adaptation of "Margaret Laurence," "The Stone Angel," Ellen Burstyn, is Canadian director Hagar Shipley, a proud and cantanker woman approaching her years, who wants to stay independent until the end, stubbornness to be placed in well-wise son Marvin. Filmed in Manitoba, Canada and set in the fabulous Manawaka town, The Angel Angel is a simple and conventional interpretation of the book that has been required to read in Canadian English High School classes for nearly half a century. The title of the film comes from the stone statue raised on the tomb of Hagar's mother, which serves as a metaphor for Hagar's inability to express his emotion during his tumultuous life. Burstyn brings the role of vulnerability and humor, but it is a bit too pleasant to fully realize the ego-driven, self-defeating character that has managed to alienate her rich father, her well-intentioned but alcoholic husband, and both sons of They. As it approaches the end of her days, it reflects that "pride was my wilderness, and the demon that drove me there was afraid. I was alone, never more than ever, for I had my chains in me and spread out from me and tied everything I touched. " Facing her last days in a nursing home, Hagar looks back at her life and looks at her failed relationships, her memories of flashback flashbacks over the narrative. The story begins with a dance she attended as a young girl. Accompanied by her aunt Dolly, she meets her future husband, married to Bram Shipley (Cole / Wings Hauser), a poor farmer whose reputation in the city is troubled by his association with the native American population. Young Hagar is played by Christine Horne, who is exceptional in her first role. In spite of Hagar's complaint, her relationship with Bram is rejected by her cold and rigid father, whose refusal to attend the marriage begins on the wrong leg. This is exacerbated by the fact that he left all the money in Manawaka, condemning the young man to a life of poverty. Going through her marriage moves with Bram, Hagar withdraws from social activities in order not to be rejected by the upper classes of the city. When she produces two sons, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), she can not provide the love they need. "Any joy she might have had in my husband or in some of my children, or even in the light of the morning," she says, "they were all forced to pause for a break of proper appearances." ever spoken about the truth of the heart? "As a biblical Hagar who fled to the desert because she could not tolerate other aprons at her pride, Hagar let Manawaka live in Ontario, but eventually returned to Shipley. As the scene moves to the present, Hagar runs into an abandoned house near the ocean she remembers since her childhood to get rid of being placed in a care home by Marvin and Doris's wife (Sheila McCarthy ). Here he meets a young man named Leo (Luke Kirby) who has an interest in her and forces her to look and take responsibility for the mistakes she has made in her life. Angel Angel pulls out all the emotional stops but never fully develops his characters to the point where I felt any stake in the story, though Ellen Page's life-like performance as John's devoted but naive girlfriend and final scenes in motion brings new energy to the second half of the movie.
