I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this most thought-out drama, which, because of its pretty impressive rating of 6.6, I almost missed; because they rarely give time for any movie with a rating of 7/10. That being said, I'm so glad I gave Stone Angel to see him so deserved. And so you must, if you are one of the richer, more sensitive, soulful and caring ones that have remained on this earth in vivid form. I have to say that in many ways (though not all), that is, its themes, execution, style, production, etc., Stone Angel reminded me a lot of the praise of "The Notebook". I am so surprised that other commentators did not give birth to the many similarities that have repeatedly hit me throughout this film, so I can only assume that those who have written comments have not yet seen the Notebook. They may not share the theme of Alzheimer's, but I can say with confidence that if you enjoy the "The Notebook", you will definitely find a lot to hire the most fruitful time with The Angel Angel. But even if you have not seen The Notebook and you have not read the book on which this movement is based (which, moreover, I do not have), you have to find a lot to keep your attention - as long as your genres Prefer not include quick-action thrillers. This is a film for thinkers and those who like to remember about the passing of time, how life changes with the passage of years, and what might have happened in someone's life as one looks at it over the years. This bizarre, yet underestimated, film really deserves a rating of about 8/10. I can only blame the current low rating of 6.6 / 10 on 11% of idiots who gave it 1/10. After all, he drew less than 300 votes when I wrote this comment. However, if those 11% who gave the lowest possible rank were really waiting for the tracking of the cars and the explosions why they did not even look for ... for a few seconds on the promotional lines of the film? Oh dear ... No matter the world you come in, do not miss this most underestimated movie - but only if you have a brain (for example, the top ten do not include Transformers, Fight Club and The Terminator).
