I am amazed at how this movie (and most others have an average of 5 stars and lower when there are horrible movies on average between 7 and 10 stars on IMDb.) Fanboy's mindset comes back when this movie came out almost completely the world beat it. ex-girlfriend said this questionable movie. Some years later I sat down to watch this movie and woke up to really laugh at me a bit. This and The Replacement Killers are the movies that people had to label director Antoine Fuqua as Michael Black Bay. I do not understand how, since most of Fuqua's films are smarter than anything Michael Bay has ever had ... Story: Alvin Sanders (Jamie Foxx) is the former convict used by the agent Edgar's treasury (David Morse) as a pawn to capture a murderer called Bristol (Doug Hutchinson) who is chased by a bug implanted in his jaw after an accident. While these agents are after Bristol, Bristol is after bricks gold, who were taken in a heist gone embarrassed. <br /> <br /> Jamie Foxx is funny as well as great as Alvin Sanders. Alvin is a fast-moving speaker who is much smarter than he is. Doug Hutchinson is fine as Bristol. He may sometimes be overwhelmed by John Malkovitchesque's behavior. It was better here than it was like Looney Bin Jim in Punisher: The War Zone. David Morse is good as the treasury agent. Even Mike Epps is funny like Alvin's brother, Stevie. Both he and Jamie had some funny moments on the screen. The only flaw in the movie is that some attempts of a thriller have fallen. The track at the horse track is a lot over my head, but I could not look away. The director went all over there to get points for that. In addition, the bomb scene with the treasury agent attached to a chair while the detonator rests on the door was quite scary. Everything in all Bait is not a bad movie of a long shot. It's never boring, always funny and I do not check my watch every minute. It should matter a little. The bait is one of the most underestimated films in 2000. PS: The reviewer who claimed that this film is too violent ... How long did you live under a rock? I'm pretty sure you saw the Die Hard series and EVERY movie by Quentin Tarantino. But those movies are not violent, right? Freak.
