Homelessness (or housing like George Carlin stated) was a problem for years, but never a plan to help people in the street who once considered people who did everything from going to school, work, or voting for trouble lan. Most people think that the homeless people are just a cause of losing while worrying about things like racism, war on Iraq, child pressure, technology, elections, inflation, or worrying if they will be next to the streets But what if you were given a bet for living on the streets for a month without the luxuries you once came from a home, the entertainment bed, a bathroom, photo on the wall, a computer, and Do everything you once treasure to see what she likes homeless? This is Goddard Bolt's lesson. <br /> <br /> Mel Brooks (headed) star as Bolt plays a rich man who has everything in the world until we decide to make a bet with a sissy rival (Jeffery Tambor) to see if he can live on the streets for thirty days without the luxuries; If Bolt succeeds, it can do what he wants and a future project to do more buildings. The bet on the side of Bolt is thrown on the street with a bracelet on her leg to control each movement she can not step on the sidewalk. She gave Pepto the nickname by a vagrant after writing on her forehead where Bolt meets other characters including a woman by the name of Molly (Lesley Ann Warren) an ex-dancer who got divorce before she lost her home sailor palms (Howard Morris) and Fumes (Teddy Wilson) are already used on the streets. They are surviving. Bolt is not. He does not use them to reach mutual agreements as he once did when he was wealthy where he was fighting or robbing, killing or killing. <br /> While the love connection between Molly and Bolt was not necessary to draw, I found "Life Stinks" to be one of Mel Brooks's watchful films where they were a comedy, showing a tender side compared to slapstick work It's like Blender's Source, Young Frankenstein, or Spaceballs for the problem, to show what it's like to have something of value before it loses it the next day or the other hand makes a stupid bet like all the rich when they do not know what to do with their money. Perhaps it should be homeless instead of using it as monopoly money. Or maybe this movie will inspire you to help others.
