When it comes to movies I can be very reliable, and I will complain about anything and everything that's wrong. While each film has its flaws, cost at night had an exceptionally low count. <br /> <br /> If you read the latest review (it was difficult, since half of it was written in cap and does not have any actual information about the movie), you may have led to believing that this movie was not too well done. Unfortunately, if you read more than 3 lines in the same review, you've discovered the affirmative reason for disobeying: he / she does not like the fact that the director is gay (or the smoker production team cracked ... apparently). So, despite the fact that I never wrote a review before, I thought this movie deserves one based on its merits, by the sexual orientation of its director. Let's go on a quick checklist: 1. Great Plot? Absolutely. I will not give a little bit of it away, but the plot is very compelling and definitely not what one would expect based on their ads. This is a thriller, not a horror, and it should approach as such. The story really will amaze you, even more so because it's true (and the plot remained loyal to the real events). <br /> 2. Beautiful Acting? Oh yes. Robin Williams has long been released, breaking free from the cast of comedy cast castles, and has since been developing into serious roles for which many would have written it in just a decade ago. It once again achieved high form in its role in Night Listener, playing a radio host that has become increasingly troubled by and entangled in a case ... well, I'll let you see for yourself. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Excellent direction? Certainly. Now, unlike the other post I refer, I actually know something about the direction. I was sutdying the art toward the school now for 3 years. Of course I really do not think to make a lush of difference (the only thing that matters is if you love the direction), but I thought I should simply establish once again that I'll base my opinion here on something both substantial and relevant ... for example: by the director's sexual orientation (or drug habits in the production team, LOL). Patrick Stettner's direction was intermittent with darkness, and allowed the angles and lighting to help create those who sought after-feelings of "tension and disclosure" rather than the room, fast-paced camera-work and cutting our schemes, so often undergo today. Some people can really show you a story of their cameras, while feeling the other as if they have to do the story with the camera. I really appreciate when someone these days have the courage to just use the camera as supposed to be used, which is as an eyeball in which we all see. Lighting, movies, and corrections? Great all around. I have already written so much, and I could go on about the last three things for another ten paragraphs, so I'll just wrap it up. <br /> <br /> In short, go see this movie. Do not listen to those who have motivated to reduce it, especially if they're so stupid that they unknowingly reveal the 1/4 motif of the way in their posts. Enjoy the show! -Ben
