Titanic must have one of my time movies. It has its problems (what movies do not) but it is still enjoyable. <br /> When I stumble across someone who asks me why I love Titanic, I suppose my first reaction is "wait a minute, do not you?" I know many people who do not like this movie, and I do not say I do not see why. "Love story is too cheesy" well, yes, but is not it enjoyable and moving? All right, the love story between Jack and Rose is very unrealistic, everyone knows that love like this does not actually exist. But this is a movie, not everyone loves watching a beautiful story that allows us to slip a little bit of fantasy for a while? The next complaint, DiCaprio and Winslet are awful actors. Well, OK, in this movie, I agree that they do not make their full potential. However I think it is unfair to say they are terrible actors. I personally think that both are very active actors who unfortunately are very popular for a movie that they are not amazing in. But the roles they provide are simple, and the characters seem real enough that you can take care of them quite a bit as, but I agree with many people that they did not do as well as could have been expected. <br /> And finally, if one is going to complain that they do not like this movie because they hate romance, or because they hate story, or tragic cinema, then I'm sorry but why on earth went and saw a film that is so clear all of this. It's like people who complain the black knight is a bad movie because they hate movie action. Simply being a movie, not because you're gripping the genre, this is a good movie. Well worthy of its Oscars, in particular, best movies, which I get to be the best I've ever seen in a movie saved maybe Lord of the ring trilogy. <br /> I know some of the writing failed, as the constant screaming at each other in the movie. The flashback portion of the story can be quite weak at times, but in general it's an amazing success in making the Titanic look so real, and the sinking feel so epic. <br /> I understand why a lot of people do not like this movie, but for the most part he nailed down to overlook the fundamental idea, as it was a love story, rather than thinking of the movie in and out of the head it is poorly constructed. <br /> I can tell you that I've read more than five pounds on the Titanic, including the day's memory memories, and this film is very historically accurate save just a few flaws. The main sole I can find is that the piping should be copper wire, not steel, and the iceberg looks fairly unrealistic as is the scene where they hit it. <br /> I give this movie 10/10, not because I love romance movies, but simply because it's an outstanding Cinemas success, which leaves one feeling laughed by the realistic adaptation of events.
