What's Inexplicable? Firstly, hate towards this movie. It may not be the greatest movie of all time, but gimme a break, he received 11 oscars for a reason, he did EIGHTEEN DURD MILLION MILLION for a reason. It's a movie movie movie. Which brings in other inexplicable aspects of it. I have no idea why this movie leaves such an impression on me when I saw it in the theater. I've rewatched it on television and video, and it had no impact on it when I saw it on the big screen (twice, or maybe three times, actually). But that would be her, the appeal to her. It's a movie, yes, the capital M, it's an epic, it's a spectacle of the Gone order with the wind or Ben Hur. Now Ben Hur and Gone and the Wind Looks Like Hokey for Me, and the act acts with too much melodrama. Not that Titanic is none of that. Well, the act was actually pretty good. The melodrama was quite heavy-handed at times. But the reason for Titanic is that it's such an emotional ride. I usually enjoy movies that promote the idea, or give me a visual thrill. This film is not exactly dumb but not cerebral at all. Visual emotions are simply meant to an end, to gas the emotions of the audience. I did not cry when Bambi's mother died, I did not react to tearjerkers. But this is a tearjerker in the power of ten million, an emotional rollercoaster that, if it was a regular one, would make Buzz Aldrin call like a girl. And I'm sure if you see it on video and have decided that you hate it, and have a supply of ready-made cinema, then you can easily grid this movie. But if you leave that disbelief stop just a bit, if you give this melodrama benefit season to the doubt, you'll enjoy it completely. And look at the ten rude headers of all time. Is it only one of them bad? Is one of them worth a score of 1 out of 10? No, not even the Phantom Threat. And this movie made $ 1.8 dollars worldwide. It can not be bad. Not possible. 10/10. <br /> <br /> How can anyone even consider comparing this spiderman? Spiderman was a fun movie, but it was a total of 9/11 kneejerk that caused it to gross as much as he did. It simply did not matter anything special. No one will remember it in 50 years. but I'm very sure Titanic must be remembered.
