Back in 1997, I remember this year: Clinton banned research clone, unfortunate death of Princess Diana, Marlins won the global series and a woman was born in septuplets. This was also great year in the Titanic release, one of the biggest films of all time: a story about the pirate of dreams, about a boy and a girl who fell in love but torn apart by social classes and at the height of the emotional engagement of the ship is satisfied with disaster. I do not think anyone could expect Titanic to be as HUGE as it was, the movie was bigger than life and there were millions of fans, 85% of being young girls, I was 12 years old at the time, and of course saw the movie multiple times. It was the movie that made me believe that the love that Jack and Rose shared were so real and beautiful. At that moment I felt that Titanic could do no harm, of course I grew up and did not watch the movie since I was 14, a couple years ago I saw the movie on DVD for 5.99 and calculated that it was a good price and to see what I thought about the movie right now. Is it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie of all time? Is there real Leonardo? OK, I know this amazing saying, but I did re-watch the movie. Being fully honest here, Titanic is a great movie, the best movie ever, no, just depends on your idea of ​​a good movie but Titanic released in romance, humor, disaster, emotions and never left us go on this girl trip. The film begins with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreckage of the RMS Titanic, searching for a necklace set with a precious diamond ring called the heart of the ocean. Success, instead of discovering a drawing of a young woman sitting at naked table, puts the heart of the ocean, dated to the Titanic day sank. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns in the cartoon, and Lovett contact informs him that she is the woman in the cartoon. She and her Elizabeth Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visit Lovett and her uncertain team on her salvage boat. When asked whether he knew the collar, Rose Calvert recalled his memory aboard the Titanic, revealing it for the first time that it was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, the 17-year-old Rose Frame Boat and his fiancé, Cal Hockley and his mother, Ruth DeWitt bukater, both of whom stressed the importance of Rose's commitment to Cal since the wedding will mean elimination in Dewitt-Bukater debt: while having the outside appearance of the upper class, Rose and his mother financially broke. Undressed and frustrated by her commitment to Cal's controversy and the pressure her mother put on to attend the wedding, Rose tries to suicide by jumping out of the strain. Before leaving, a drummer and artist called Jack Dawson intervene. Jack and Rose strikes up an attempted friendship as he thanks him for saving his life, and shares stories of his adventures to travel and sketching; The bonds are deepened by leaving a sleeping first-class formal dinner in the rich-built-up rich for a very lively gathering of Irish dances, music and third-class beer. But after Cali's servant informed him about Rose's place, Rose is banned from seeing Jack again. However, after witnessing a woman encouraging her seven-year-old daughter to behave like a "good lady" in tea, Rose challenged her with her mother, asked Jack to draw her naked and put only the heart of the ocean , a present commitment from Cal. After a pleasant moment together in the fun time very happy, they go to the pile of the ship. <br /> They then witness the fatal collision of the ship with an iceberg. After watching the ship's leash discuss how serious the collision, Rose says Jack should warn his mother and Cal. Meanwhile, Cal discovers the Rose's nude designs and notes her taunting him in its safe, so he framed Jack for stealing the heart of the ocean by Lovejoy planting it in Jack's pocket. After learning Cal intended to let Jack die down to deck, Rose ran away from him and his mother saved him. Jack and Rose return to the top pile. Cal and Jack, though enemies, both want to Rose safely, so they persuade him to ride a lifeboat. But after realizing that he can not leave Jack, Rose jumps back on the boat and joins Jack in the first-class boat staircase. Jack and Rose returned to the top deck, the lifeboats went off, and the ship finally came down to the Atlantic when freezing took Jack and Rose down. So Titanic lives up to his hype? I always say that this is a great movie to watch, I think there was and still quite a rug that for some reason just want to waste the movie because it won a ton of awards and everyone was in love with films in. But it has great acting, amazing effect, a well-written story and it always looks flawless. Love it or hate it, you have to admit this movie did not get a lot of hype just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's amazing ability to cry over eyes, this movie is something special. He still holds a special place in my heart, it was too obvious that I saw this film 8 times in the theater when he was released. But all that aside, I recommend this movie, it's one big one and make sure you go down to the classics one day. <br /> <br /> 10/10
