I avoid watching this movie for longer time. Long before he even released I was dismissed as an over-hyped, over-blown, romanticized piece in Hollywood schmaltz, and I wanted nothing to do with it. I never watched it in the theater. I shook the disbelief of the 11 Academy Awards - though I had never seen it. Then I asked for a judge in a public high school public speaking contest. One of the girls spoke about this movie. "It was so great," he said. "You really felt like you were on the boat." "Nonsense," I thought. I share my feelings with my fellow judge. One looked at me and said, "You might be good, but if he likes the film that many may want to learn more about the real Titanic, the movie must have done something right to get it interested." "Well, maybe," thought I. Then it finally appeared on Pay TV. "OK," I thought, "I'll give him a look." I did not want to like it - and I did not. I loved it! What a great movie. <br /> <br /> Where to start? The first - led. My public high school competitor was good. James Cameron does a superb job to create an almost "your" kind of atmosphere. The money in life aboard the most elegant ship in the world. The nonchalance as news on the first ice mirror; Then the sense of rising in panic. You do not just watch it; you really feel it. Then - their performance. Lead performance from Kate Winslet (as Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (as Jack) are excellent - the Winslet was the superior, I thought, but both were good. They had the rich boys / young boys characters down to a perfect "t" I thought. In my opinion, though, the robbery show was Frances Fisher as Rose's mother. It was perfect as the aristocratic snobby, and you could feel the fear and sting that he felt whenever he looked at Jack. Then - the details. I have no expert on Sinking in the Titanic, but I have a reasonable general knowledge, and this film does a great job of recreating the historical details accurately and then receives transparency around the fictional romance. Very impressive, indeed. Then - this song. Who can watch this movie and not be taken with Celine Dion's performance in "My heart goes on." <br /> <br /> Problems. Well, the romance was perhaps too comprehensible, in the sense that I just did not accept that Jack could move so effortlessly from the first grade goalie. (I know he was invited the first time, but it seems to keep going in the first grade without stopping until he's been there for a while.) The realities of separation of social classes were more realistic to describe, I thought, when the pilot passengers went to let off the shackle after the ship hit the iceberg while the first class as they enjoyed half lifeboats blank. <br /> <br /> A minor chess, though. This is really an excellent movie. I'm just sorry to see it in the theater, where I think it would be much more impressive. <br /> 9/10
