Titanic directed by James Cameron presents a fictional love story about the historic environment of the Titanic. The plot is simple, non-compliant, or not for those who love plotting and twisting and keeping you in suspense. The end of the film can be calculated from minute to the start of the movie, but the love story is an interesting one, however. Kate Winslett is wonderful as Rose, a young aristocrat who is fiancé by Cal (Billy Zane). Earlier on the Rose tour meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a lower class artist on his way to America after having won his ticket aboard Titanic in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes and gets it unlike the upper class that is concerned with social concerns. From the fall of love and the audience saw the sinking of the Titanic primarily in the eyes. The film begins in modern times and exploration of the wreck by a group searching for treasures, which is flowing with Titanic, which was born. One of Titanic's survivors, Rose DeWitt Bukater, has heard about exploration of the collision on television and has flown to the boat where the search led out to say in what he remembers to help the search. He came to his memory on the one and only trip of the Titanic. With this, the scheduling scene in Southhampton, Ireland where the Titanic sails out on April 10, 1912 as all passengers are riding. After another stop on the Irish coast of the Titanic went on to see her virgin travel across the Atlantic bound to New York. Historically the first few days of the trip have gone unaltered, but the fictional scheme of the story is developed during this time as Rose sees the hopeless enthusiasm of a commitment that it is in the rich Cal Hockley and falls in love with passengers third grade, Jack Dawson. Captain Smith altogether as shown in the film urged by the Line Line Director to increase the speed of the boat so they would make the title titles and receive additional ads by arriving in New York on Thursday night and not on Friday morning. it was planned. Smith then ordered the decisive decision will be against thirty-two years of experience in the Titanic's stretchout from full speed. The Titanic reported that the Atlantic waters were sailing in full of icebergs, but ignored these warnings and proceeded at full speed as shown in the film. On April 15, 1912 at 11:39, they were an eye iceberg. They tried to lock their engines and turn the boat out of the path of the iceberg but was not enough time with the pirate hit the iceberg on the starboard side as the film show. The paint in the very small holes in the side of the boat and not one big drop along the side is accurate. The Titanic team sent appeals in distress and put in distress rockets as shown up to 2:18 when the lights eventually failed. The lights in the California were spotted six miles away but failed to realize what was going on and did not respond to much Titanic pleas for help. California tried earlier in the day to warn Titanic of serious ice that caused them to stop their trip, but Titanic had rubbed them off causing California to shut off its radio and leave the Titanic on its own. The first women and children were the first to show them to be placed in the lifeboats' venue on the boat. Not many third-grade passengers have suffered the deaths of all classes and the team has hit hard in this tragedy too. Word Star's White Star Lines and First Class Riders believed in those second and third grade passengers when the authorities tried to find the information sinking. Also, the metal used to construct the Titanic was found in recent years under severe cold conditions, which experienced the Titanic night diving to be very fragile. In general, the baseline is very accurate in its gateway to the events and times in which these events took place on the Titanic. Many of the characters in the story were not real and created simply for the movie's purpose or as composite characters to represent possible features and ideas of those on the ship. The basic group of Rose, Jack, Cal, and Rose's mother were fictional characters added to the story as they represent different groups of the time. But many characters like Molly Brown's Unsinkable; Captain Edward Smith; designer of ship, Thomas Andre; Representative of the White Star line, Bruce Ismay; and all titanic officers were real. The trip to the girl was going to Captain Edward Smith's latest trip as it planned to retire later. He was part of the Star Star line since 1880 where he worked on his way up to his status as the millionaire Captain when the flow of Titanic. The portraits of officers are accurate as only four surviving tragedies except for the officer who threatens to kill all the riders of the boat and his pistol. He is on record as acting heroically and has misportrayed to the point that James Cameron apologized and evoked a monument in his honor at the former Canadian native officer. As shown in the film there was a language problem between the crew and many of the lower-class riders from non-English speaking nations. In addition, Officer Lowe was the only officer who returned to the lifeboat as depicted. The old people are shown in their beds as the water came into the rooms based on the Strauss'. Do not want to leave her husband Mr Strauss refused to get into her lifeboat and died with her husband on the Titanic. In addition, Mr. Goggenheim has shown his brandy smile and smoked a cigar reported from her as her dress at her best. The richest man on the boat, John Jacob Astor, who owns most of Manhattan dies However, as well, but most of his wife was saved in a lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was saved and later there were medals that made up for Carpethia's crew who chose the Titanic survivors from the water. His ticket on the Titanic cost more than four thousand dollars and at the end of his life ended up breaking. All the interiors of the ship were masterfully replaced down to the last pieces in China and silver. The gymnasium, which is hardly seen recreates perfectly and all the cars reproduce match what they see in old pictures. Wonderful staff and costume was a re-creation of the post-Victorian era in 1912. The wealthy at that time practically ruled everything, as the women's voting move did not quite come up again. Women during this time often married for financial security as Rose was considered to do and normally took a ground back to their husbands as Cal wanted to Rose to do. The rich did not take good at `new money 'like Molly Brown as depicted. All the time was very formal. Women have to accompany dinner by a male figure as seen and in the food stages. Smoking was not very common among women in the time but people with cigarettes, which just came in at the time they used as seen and rose in the movie. Men in the cigarette time generally smoke cigarettes. Women were physically physically and physically constructed. Although James Cameron had no background in historic films he had brought to Titanic's experts coupled with two years spending cross-reference the history of the Titanic and some freedoms taken. The beautiful community with special effects also helped make the movie even more enchanting. <br /> A recognizable message can be seen in the Titanic movie as people on the boat had about three hours to gaze at them. The director, James Cameron, shows the various reactions in this time of crisis in human life. Everyone reacts differently and gets you thinking of how you might have reacted to this situation on the Titanic on that fateful night. In addition, this film is a reflection in the 1990s when it produced as it gives a look at the wreck of the Titanic. Only in the past fifteen years the site of the actual Titanic has been found and explored. This film could give us a deeper look at a disaster that many would not see. However, the moral question of whether today people should take treasure from the wreckage of a cemetery under the pose. There were attempts to stop treasure seekers such as one described in Titanic but all failed. As it stands today, anyone can make a trip to the Titanic and take whatever valuable as described in the movie showing the overall values ​​of our time on this matter. <br /> <br /> Technically the movie is very well done. To find footage of the wreck at the bottom of the ocean it took twelve dives to get all of the footage needed for the movie. In addition, a special camera has to be created to withstand the intense pressure at the bottom of the ocean. Cameron did not plan on using the probe to go as far inside Titanic as anyone in the 88 years since the ship sank, but it worked out that this provided a unique perspective of the boat. In addition, throughout the film fade ins and outs from the wreck of the Titanic scene of Titanic during its real journey. This change between the modern stage of the scene during the trip works as an excellent transition that makes the story easy to follow in aclear way. At the very beginning of the film is a septine recreation used to recreate the scene when the real people left the European coast on Titanic giving it the distinction of the rest of the events in the movie. <br /> <br /> Titanic plays almost like a historical biography and is like a work of art, a true season. Like most novel stories, we know the finish, but it does not take away the wonderful treatments that can be found in this picture. Certain aspect of this film is the Academy Awards, including costume, sound, sinatography, and editing. If you love interesting characters that will give you an insight into the life of characters in the early 1900s and how they face disaster, then this movie is definitely yours.
