Each time in a short time the conversation will turn into "favorite movies." I'll mention Titanic, and at least one couple will be snicker. I pay them no idea because I know that five years ago, these same people have been moved in tears by this film very much. And they are too embarrassed to admit it now. <br /> I just look at Titanic for the first time in a long time. When you wait to enjoy the story again, I was surprised to see that the movie lost none of its powers over the five years. I cried again .... in all the places. It made me back in 1997 when I can remember how a movie with no thought one would break even became the famous movie of all time. A movie that broke out in public awareness like no other movie I can remember (yes, even more than Star Wars). And today, many people will not even admit they enjoyed it. Folks, let's find something right - you do not look cool when you bathmouth this movie. You look like a cynical touch. <br /> No movie is perfect and this one has a few flaws. Some of the dialogue has fallen flat, and some of the plot surrounding the two lovers come along a little too neatly. However, none of this is so distracting that it broke the movie. <br /> <br /> Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are wonderful. Leo is one of the finest actors in his generation. Wait for her to see her in the gang of New York before calling her nothing more than a nice boy. Kate Winslet was so strong in this movie. The film really was known, and he did it very well together. James Cameron manages that many believe was impossible to recreate a totally credible titanic. The sinking scenes were awful, as they were night. How can anyone say the bad effects are beyond me. I was transferred completely. <br /> This movie is one memorable scene after another. Titanic leaves the port of Southampton. Rose and Jack in the bow, "flying". "Iceberg, right front!" The screws hanging unbelievably out of the ocean. The screams at the finish after it's gone. And ending that brought even the burliest man to the theater with tears. The music, which has also been a victim of the film's success, was a key ingredient. James Horner notes were simply perfect. And the love theme was beautiful and tragic. Too bad Celine Dion's song has destroyed this great bit of music for many people. <br /> I confess, I'm a French Titanic. As such, I relished the opportunity to see the boat as we never got to see it - in all its beauty. Perhaps watching it shed to affect me more than some because I had such an interest in the boat all my life. However, I doubt many of these I have seen shouting was Titanic buffs. I applaud Cameron to bring this story to the masses in a way that never denied the tragedy. The film was made with these humanities. Another review said it's better than I ever could: Open your heart Titanic and you will not be disappointed.
