After a brief prologue showing a masculine man arrested and then slaughtering the throat of an older man on a desert, urban, turning to the Austrian street, we meet Julie (Rebecca Gibney) and Peter (John Adam ) as they go from house hunting. They managed to get a loan for a top-down trip on a Sydney street chic, but it turns out that physical dilapidation is not the only issue with new homes. It just can be haunting. <br /> 13 Row Gantry combines a memorable if a bit captivated story with the right direction on average by Catherine Millar in an average shocker slightly above. seems partially due to budget, but is not entirely disguised as to this obstacle. An important issue came to the beginning of the movie. Opening the "scene of comet" features some wonky corrections. Frame frames and series of stills are used to cover up the fact that there's not much action. Suspensions should be created from rallies, not fancy "fixing them in the" techniques. There is great atmosphere of scene from the place, the lighting, the fog with these, but the camera should slowly after the assassin and the victim, cut back, from one to the other as we crawl down the street , which shows increased proximity. The tracking and cutting are needed to be slow. The attack needs longer, clearer and better blocking. As it stands, the scene has a strong "make for TV" feel, with a low budget one in that. <br /> After that stage we moved into the present and the film flow significantly improved. The story has a lot of similarities in Horror in Amityville (1979), though the budget forces a much subtler approach. Millar and scriptwriter Tony Morphett effectively create a lot of scenarios creeping, often dramatic in nature instead of special-oriented effects, such as the mysterious man who came to take the old slabs of iron, which was bizarre affixed to an interior wall. <br /> <br /> For some horror fans, the first section of the movie might be a bit heavy on realistic drama. At least the first half hour of the film is mostly about Julie and Peter trying to arrange funding for the home and then trying to settle in. But Morphett writes fine, intelligent dialogue. The material does well enough that it often as thrilling as the more traditional traditional aspects that happen later - especially if you went to similar trains while trying to buy your own home. <br /> <br /> Once established and the things begin to get weirder, though special effects often leave much to be desired, their ideas are good. Their performance helps create tension. There is an abundance of death and destruction in the movie - there's more of an abundance of home repairs home repairs. But neither threat is really the point. <br /> <br /> The point is human relationships. There are a number of archer characters that are very interesting. The home exists more as a metaphor and a catalyst for stress in a romantic relationship that can make it go back and possibly destroy it. That it's a chic neighborhood, and that the relationship is between two successive yuppies, shows that these issues are not the only ones who can put in blame with external misfortunes, such as money or health problems. Peter's character evolved into an entrepreneurial corporate employee and "normal" work based on friends of a more desperate person as he becomes subversive, rapidly reaching something more liberal and meaningful. At the same time, we learn just how deep these professional friends can. Julie goes through an almost literally nervous paneling, but finally finds release when she delivers herself from her weakening romantic relationships. Although 13 Gantry range has never been well transcended by its made-to-TV TV, such as a TV movie, this is a pretty good, and admirable ambition. Anyone fan of haunting home films, psychic films or horror / thrill and a bit more metaphorical depth should be enjoyed enjoyably. It certainly does not cost $ 30 for a DVD (which was the price my local PBS station requested for a copy of the movie after being shown (factor of shipping and handling)), but it's worth a rental, and it definitely worth looking for free.
