I find it so amazing that even after all these years, we are still talking about this movie! Obviously this movie was not that bad or else those who did not even can talk about it. I personally enjoyed this movie so much, and it still does! I guess this movie is not for everyone, but it certainly has touched the hearts of many. And let's think that this movie is "overrated" or "on-hyped" ... well, we only have the public-film thanked for that! lol * You see, it's not CRITIK / writer article making a "big" movie or a "HIT" movie and the general public movie. PEOPLE makes the film a great success. With Titanic, everyone was in awe. Let's face it, a movie like this never did before. At least not and the kind of special effects needed to really capture the essence of the ship actually sinking. This film is so accurate that even James Cameron timed to the actual sinking of the boat in the movie and the REAL heat that fate day in April 1912. Even the silver for good matching! <br /> <br /> Give this movie a break or guy! The critics thought this movie would leak BIG time! When this movie actually came out and people started to hear by WORD OF MOUTH (which is the best form of idea idea) that this was a good / decent / movie worth seeing, then everyone started flowing in The droves have seen this film ... not once, not twice, but maybe 3 times and more! So I really would not say that this film was "overhyped" ... at least not like the rally for the recharging MATRIX or the HULK is being "overhyped". ha! Critics did not even think that Titanic would have enough money to cover Cameron's movie budget that he had taken to make this mammoth in a movie. However, the movie money took care of 200 million dollars and many more! <br /> Personally, I like this movie. However, this movie might not be for everyone. Do not say that this movie sucks just because of romance though! This is the sexist thing I ever heard! Do not like a movie just because it has romance in it! The story was sweet. The dialogue could be better, but let's face it ... The REAL star of the movie was not Leo or Kate ... it was GIGANTIC pirate! I think all actors including DiCaprio and Winslet did a fine job. It does not work better (I've seen many works better from both of them) but it was not bored I saw on previous screens. Give them a break! <br /> <br />
