ELEPHANT WALK can not be acute in literature or film, but it is great entertainment in the quasi-melodramatic fashion. It is the story of love, both genuine and illegal, as well as ambitions, devotion, and arrogance of personal tyranny. A previous review, John Mankin, questions why the central concentration of the movie, the castle called Elephant Walk, should be constructed by the former owner, the "Tom's governor" late Tom, right across the traditional elephant path in the largest streams, the river. I miss this point is essentially missing the point in the whole center of the movie: the hub of people. His son, played by Peter Finch, should be enthralled by the super image and enigma of his revered father, not unexpected, since the son was without a growing mother in a jungle and Only his father and his valiant father's boys 'club' as his role models. The point of the father was that he was a man who made himself tender to his sympathy, and that liking was not just a plantation on the grounds of the once-dominated elephants, but also that he would even dominate the great elephant bull that led the herd, and so it would dominate his son and all around him, and thus we entered the story after the elephants refused to accrue the critical winter crises in the paths of water. Who could know that this dry season would last long and what elephants would do in desperation to get water? This is nexus in the movie: what animals will do to get water; what will people do to gain power or love? Ceylon, Sri Lanka today, is the great island on the coast of India where the plantation is located and quickly learns that it is the real landscape of the story, not just the costs of Miss Taylor. They were not for this exotic location (many of the films fired in Ceylon), and the beautiful "bungalow" was just another potboiler. One must recognize the atmosphere created here as an integral part of the time and place, as it illuminates riches in latter days and may reach the conqueror 'immigrant' immigrant who has been part and parcel of the British Raj. It is only the wealth that has come by the use of virtual slave labor that one might build so magnificent a residence of ebony, teak, and marble. They do not have to be neglected are the beautiful carved Jalees (window grille and door borders) obviously specified by Art Director J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira and obviously made by the cheaper work on the island. These forms reveal attention to the details of these guys. <br /> For immune people in the blandishments of time, location, and architecture, there is always the attractiveness of Miss Taylor, as it marries a man he does not really know and another is vibrating wooed by another person , against the background described, and under the overarching tyranny of the legacy of a deceased person. As I said, it's not great literature or even big movie, but it's a great spectacle long before the theme was trashed by extravaganzas the special effects of today. <br /> This is one of those films made to be seen on the giant screen in an outdoor drive, not on the TV home, so arrange the bigger screen to see it on fully appreciating fine camera-work and dimensions.
