The entertainer who got me hooked on anime ... <br /> Put in the year 2010 (hey, that's not too far now!) The Earth is now poisonous poison gas in pollution and violence. See how how the crimes will last 30 seconds so and commit by stealing the fire power to third world territory, the New York City fictional government forms the Police Police to deal with the issues - cops and tanks! Oh the heroine! This "hero" of this series includes the new recruiting Leona Ozaki, a red haired Japanese woman (yeah I know, they never match the Japanese names clearly with a Japanese appearance) that have just been shot at Police Tank and it is quickly settling with blond, blue eyed beautiful guy Al. Leona is new to using tanks and unfortunately it destroys the favorite tank of Police Police captain Charles Great Britain (also known as "Brenten"), a great guy who looks like Tom Selleck on steroids and sporting a pair of nifty silly sunglasses , a large equalizer and a bad weather. Britain did not like to have Leona join the Police Tank in the first place and it broke his Special Tiger (a giant green monster tank) by just indicating it to him, nor is he fond of taking the bodies of giant tanks read it and using it to build a mini-tank that it surnames Bonaparte and is soon pushing it to transfer it to childhood welfare "where the boys are more sized" as it puts it. There are also features, the bifocal genius, Bible quoting / God fearing Chaplain, violet Moh-hawked Mohican, and the pan teared bellied, who is good on the Magi Corner's magic still crying in him the Antique Tanks Police. See how the tanks cops often destroy half the city while chasing the bad guys and using extreme violence taking them, not very well loved by the people. <br /> <br /> The "bandits" is a Cyborg named Buaku who has a mysterious past that's connected to a project known as "Green Peace", his gang and two sexy sidekits chat siborg Anna & Uni Puma. In the first installment these guys were paid to steal urine sample from a treated hospital who was not infected by the black gas poison and the 2nd was hired to steal a paint that is in a naked Buaku. This story, however, was incomplete in the anime and ended up in a comic book ("Manga") which is very difficult to find. <br /> <br /> All kinds of chaos and destruction from this comical black business that examines how far people want the police to go in order to catch criminals and what happens when the fine line between good guys and bad guys begin to get blurred. This is the kind of thing that if you went to making a movie in it, you'd better go to Quentin Tarantino. Looks like they are always a lot of fun. <br /> <br /> Followed by "New Dominion: Police Tanks".
