Off Scott Scott Bartlett is nine minutes in crazy oven. It is a full-bodied assault of psychedelic, pulsating, epilepsy-inducing flashing light and color, and the first merging of films and videos of avant-garde movies. There are no stories to talk about, but Bartlett uses images in nature ?? especially the human face and shape ?? They provoke an emotional reaction sequence, integrating these biological phenomena into the highly-industrial form of modern technology. In a sense, the movie represents the humanity's fusion of its tools, his machinery, his technology. This theme connects wounds with the subplot of Stanley Kubrick's HAL9000 '2001: A Space Odyssey (1968),' and, indeed, Bartlett's open sequence of images ?? flat color before a blind person? remember Dave Bowman's trip to the Stargate. Visuals are richly colored, a mixture of sharp constraints, vivid photography and increasingly-powerful videos, as if we sit too close to a TV screen {as a matter of fact, they were generated by the end of recorded in a TV monitor}. <br /> There are some confusions about the release date of the movie. The film's IMDb movie as a 1972 release, but both the National Movie Registry and the National Film Preservation Foundation provide 1968 as the correct year. Perhaps this disparity reflects the time between film and first screening of its public screening. Either way, the visuals are clearly ahead of time, occasionally reminiscent of a 1980's music video, and some music techno noise would not have gone wrong, either! 'OffOn' captures fatty images, fragmented images, presenting life from the negative perspective of a computer overrunning too much information. I had an idea ?? and please do not laugh at this free-thinking interpretation ?? that an extraterrestrial civilization capturing Earth's television signal would be very well received as a disjointed, foreigner in human life, a rare montage of imagery that is familiar to imagery that could not possibly make any coherent sense. Perhaps this is where humanity, with all his technologies, is eventually heading, towards an irreversible merger of film and video, in purity and artificial.
