"Ardh Satya" is one of the finest films ever made in American Cinema. Directed by the great director of Govind Nihalani, this one is the most successful successful hit hit Parallel Cinema which also turned out to be a Sales Success. Even today, Ardh Satya is an inspiration to all leading directors in India. The film says the Real Life scenario in Mumbai Police in the 70s. Unlike any police in other cities in India, Mumbai Police encompasses a different system altogether. Govind Nihalani creates a very practical cost and real-life approach to the Mumbai Police Environment. Among the many police officers and colleagues, the film describes the story of Anand Velankar, a young hot-blooded couple from a poor family. His father is a constant Police Police. Anand himself suffered from his father's ideology and incidences of his father's atrocities on his mother. The Anand approach toward immediate action against crime, is an inert craving for his own job satisfaction. This film is turned into a plot where constant Anand's efforts against crime are trampled by the elderly. This leads to frustration, as it can not achieve the satisfaction of Job. Results from frustration, her anger is expressed in excessive violence in the rooms & bars, also turn it into an alcohol. The spirit of him is still alive, as he constantly fights the system. It is aware of the Metro system, where the Police and politicians are an inactive associated with the far end. Compromise it towards unethical practices is negative. Finally it was stopped. <br /> <br /> The Direction is a piece of master & core hard. One of the best memorable scenes is when Anand broke into Gangster's midfielder Rami Shetty in his arrest, followed by short conversations that are fantastic. In many scenes, the film has time to increase hair. <br /> <br /> The practice approach to script is a major punch. Alcohol, Corruption, Political Influence, Courage, Deceptions are all integral parts of Mumbai police even today. Those aspects are faced glossy. <br /> Finally, these films belong to the One Show, Om Puri posted Anand Velankar traversing in all his emotions absolutely brilliant.
