Shinjuku Triad Society, well from the perfect, is a compelling physical film for what she tries to show in her uber-conventional. It is a photo of yakuza / triad, including cops against Japanese & / or Chinese gangsters (especially Chinese, as the title suggests), but even in its first 'first' technique, Takashi Miike is already establishing many films as films it would make out of here-on inward social issues such as black market trade in well-being, in this case organ organs usually in children; nostalgia for children and one root, which was especially prevalent in dead or alive 2; thumbing-of-the-nose in taboos such as gay sex and (satirical) rape / violence towards women; without blood violence. It certainly is not as surreal as some of the most recent mike films, but this is expected as he's trying out the things that he just started learning, following a track record in straight to video programming. He has received all of these kinds, and it's also like the films that would follow from it, equally wild and sincere, crazy (in spots) and sardonic in his drama, and solid for genre fan. The story concerns two brothers, one of the Chinese orphans raised in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, pretty decent as an Eastwood-equipped anti-hero / hero), who became a detective, and another, who which became a criminal, or a late-one. The main reaction to gang coming from Wang (a definite pun of what the gang represents during his time spare, played by Tomorowo Taguchi as a typical wacko and real horror in his eyes), and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, who's threatened even when just repeating a command on and about to a woman who's just had his eyes connected out after a deal back), which is the kind of mercy that is pop up almost organically in a Miike movie. Some intrigues involving the organ-trade scheme and gangsters, which Kiriya almost become a victim of, and the gang for gay sex - at least with a little puppet of kind that does whatever the main gangsters want. It all leads up to revenge and redemption, the Miike kind and his writers are trying to emulate from Shakespeare (hence the Macbeth bit and Wang washed without it hanging on and off after some gay sex saying "it's not will come there "). <br /> If it does not add up to the same emotional level of impact that a great Shakespeare plays would have, it's par for the course of a movie like this. The Miike objectives are satisfied, though it has been encountered in its low-scale ambition: a gangster photo and some added levels of difficult familiar issues (the main tension between the fees from profession and homework to parents), notes on The most fat aspects of midfielder crime, with which the domain of unprotected sex, with both sex, carries out psychologically in their characters. At the same time, Shinjuku Triad Society also has more than a few moments of classic black-comedy bite from Miike's work. Some of it just had to be taken with a single tablet for what the director did in his exhaustion, as the bit at the beginning and the chest broke on the face, or the random "interrogation" as he went in a very braided area. There's even a laugh-out-loud line from the sex-slave teen after finishing an act on one of the employers: "Thank you, Mr. Weeny-Burger." Miike and his writers do not have enough here to film a full-on black comedy like Ichi or, of course, Q visitors, but there's enough to bring some proper levers to the darker aspects of the story and character. /> <br /> As the first entry of the "Black Society" trilogy, as it called, I was quite impressed, and it is a quasi-call card from one of the new crazy artists in contemporary movies.
