I'm not totally sure Rob Schmidt qualifies as a "Master" in the genre of horror, since she has already just directed a horror movie called "Wrong Turn" and that one actually was just a little above mediocre but The fact is that he did with "Right to Die" one of the best and creepiest episodes throughout the second quarter of the "Horror Masters of Franchise". There was a similar story similar in one season, when William Malone made on to the best episodes and "Children of Fair Child" though his other film features long "scary Dot Com" and "House on Haunting Hill "aspired very seriously. <br /> The story of the "Right to die" cleverly chosen in the campaign on the hot social debate debut in euthanasia, but fortunately also features multiple terrible old-fashioned horrors such as ghostly revenge, murder plot, humor black nuts and comic books of violence styled. While driving home late one night, and discussing the continuing adultery husband, the Addison couple are involved in a terrible car crash. Cliff is walking away from the wounded collision but his wife Abby is completely burning and needs to be kept alive artificially. Whilst Cliff and his sleazy attorney (Corbin Bernsen at the "Dentist") want to plug the plug on and call it to seize the car engineer, the Abbey Mum sets up a giant media campaign to keep his daughter alive as a vegetable and blame everything about Cliff. Meanwhile, Abbey's spiritual lovers come back for revenge and kill someone at Cliff's surrounds each time he has a near fatal experience with medical devices. After a few victims, Cliff realized he could be safer to keep his wife alive if he wanted to stay alive. "Right to Die" is a featured episode and exactly the kind of thing I always hoped to see from a TV series such as "Masters of Horror". It is violent and gory with a sickness & twist sense of humor and loads of sleazy sequences. The euthanasia theme and all required circus media circles around it are treated in the script very well, but without unnecessary return to political point or morality. The atmosphere is suspense and the sequel to kill them is nasty and disturbing. Actress Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney both have nice faces and impressive volunteer masks, which are always a welcome plus, and Corbin Bernsen is finally offering the chance to again describe a dynamic and egocentric dynamic. Great "MoH" Episode; definitely the one indicates in both seasons.
