Stargate SG-1 followed and increased on the Egyptian mythology featured in Stargate. In the Stargate universe, people were slaves and transported to the planet by Goa'uld like Ra and Apophis. For millennia, the Goa'uld harvests humanity, heavily influencing and spreading human culture. As a result, Earth's cultures such as those of Aztecs, Mayans, Britons, Norse, Mongols, Greeks, and Romans are found in all known known places in the galaxy. Many well-known mythical places like Avalon, Camelot, and Atlantis are found, or they have at one time existed. The Stargate Earth (found in a dig site near Giza in 1928) is housed in a top-secret US military base known as the Stargate Command under Cheyenne Mountain. Col. Jack O'Neill (Anderson), Dr. Daniel Jackson (Shanks), Captain. Samantha Carter (Tapping) and Teal'c (Judge) composed the original SG-1 team (a few characters to join and / or leave the team in later times). Together with the 24 other SG teams, the enterprise of Far North explore the galaxy and seek out defense from the Goa'uld, in the forms of technology and alliances and advanced friendly races. <br /> <br /> The Gaza'uld parasite uses advanced technology to throw themselves as Egyptian gods and bow down to galactic conquest and eternal worship. Throughout the first eight seasons, Goa'uld are the main antagonists. They are a very clever race, ruthless snake-like alien laws that can invade and control the bodies of other species, including people. The original arch-enemy from this race was the Lord Apophis System (Peter Williams). Other social systems, such as Baal and Anubis, play essential roles in later times. In the ninth season a new bad guy emerges, the Ori. The Orials are advanced beings and inferior technologies from another galaxy, also bent on galactic conquests and eternal worship. Introduction to the Ori to accompany a departure from the main focus on Egyptian mythology in an exploration of the Arthurian mythology surrounding the Ori, followers, and enemies? Elders.
