A man and his wife get into a terrible car accident. When the woman leaves in a persistent vegetative state, the man must choose between pulling the plug and letting it live. The decision is made even harder when it comes to ghosts he wants to extract revenge on him and those around him. <br /> <br /> This comes to us from director Rob Schmidt, who made "Wrong Turn" (a movie I have not seen). With one horror movie under his belt, and not a particularly notorious one, I was a bit hesitant to watch this episode, hoping Schmidt to be a "Master of film" in the only liberal sense. I apologize for my underestimation. As in episode 10 of a episode 13 episode, this was actually the best one again. <br /> <br /> The problem of the "dead right" is faced with it covered in enough detail to be a solid drawstring device. However, this is the only foundation on which the story turns. Once the horror elements show up, the movie goes from "decent" to "spectacular". Great act, great draw, great dialogue, great suspense. I was slightly creeped out of liver (which is good) and most of all: The gore is in extreme abundance! I read a review of this episode before looking at it, where the review said there is a strong hint of "Hellraiser" in this. Through the first part of the show, I had no idea what they were talking about. Then there is a little later where some images make my reminders of "Hellraiser 2". However, I have no way to say that this takes away the movie. I can see no other way of creating the effect created, and in my opinion this looks remarkably better than "Hellraiser 2". <br /> <br /> Some twisting draws show up later on, and can invite the viewer to give the movie a second look. I did not look at him a second time, but I think the beginning would make more sense if I was (not that it's confusing). The subplot and the dental hygienist is also nice, and I find myself going back and forth if I neglected the main character for his relationship with him or if I felt bad for him. It is a bit of an anti-hero in the whole story, if you will. I feel inclined to cheer for him as the protagonist, but it's completely unlovable. <br /> While the Stuart Gordon episode can be best and I'm excited about the episode of "Washingtonians", I think I could safely bet that this is the key episode of the season and not far from the saving grace of This was otherwise substandard and routine. When legends like John Carpenter let me down (again) I get a little worried about the future genre, but then a cool face like Rob Schmidt comes along and gives me hope. This is a keeper, and please bring Schmidt back for Epic 3!
