Fans of the HBO series "Tales From Crypt" will love this episode of MOH. Those who know the basic archetypal stories that most of the classic EC comic are based on, will recognize this right one of the bat. <br /> <br /> Need to love favorite Martin Donovan (also an excellent writer - co-author of the screenplays for ZERO APARTMENT and DEATH getting it) is the kind of good-for-nothing guy that can look either way. He could play a really nice if to understand guy-next-door, or he can play the same role with a huge creepy dose of corrosive sleaziness. In the case of RIGHTS, it takes the latter approach, and it is definitely working. Donovan is a doctor who recently had a deal with his office slutty receptionist (Robin Sydney), a lot of disagreements from her incredible, unforgiving spouse, Abbey (Julia Anderson). When the two of them participated in a terrible car accident while returning from an unsuccessful weekend to "make up," and it's horribly burned in a fire, he hesitated to pull the plug on it, not without some enthusiasm nudging out of his lover Attorney and best friend (Corbin Bernsen, getting worse for those days.) But the Abbey has never been given one without a fight, and that's where EC -The term of the episode comes in. Marrying bride - and wife - have always been the subjects' favorite subject for some spooky (and OOKY) supernatural chenanernal, and this case is definitely no exception. If anything, the ramped-up quotient of sex and Gore must have Bill Gaines cackling and glee in his mausoleum somewhere. <br /> And not to mention that John Esposito's original script gives the angle of adultery just a bit twist. You do not realize how you are watching that you know only half the story, until close to the end ... (think what is BenEATH's most intestinal and gazongas, and you're there.) <Brr> Not a bad effort , but not the best of the lot, either. At least Rob Schmidt shows flair touch here and there with the direction, especially in a scene that makes cell photo messaging pictures in a truly awesome real experience! Like most MOH episodes, this one will follow a prevalent term this season of flaying and dismantling, so the very chic does not need to be applied.
