It's amazing that out of good, but not nice, films made back in the early nineties, a whole franchise can grow. 'Stargate; SG1 is, without a doubt, a worthy addition to the genre of science fiction and it can stand shoulder-to-shoulder and 'Star Trek' as the King of Sci-Fi. From Stargate's film 1994, this series sees Stargate command (a military organization / science) figuring that the stargate system can be used to travel through various planets across the galaxy and beyond and the military sets a number of teams explore. SG1 is one such team, led by Colombian military veteran Jack O'Neill, and includes Doctor Daniel Daniel Jackson, military scientist Captain Samantha Carter and Teal'c aliens, who betrayed his chief officer in their hopes In one day he freed his people. Earth rapidly makes an enemy in the Goa'uld, a parasite race that uses people as hosts and thinking themselves equal to the gods. The top-notch cast has a lot to be congratulated in bringing this life show. Richard Dean Anderson is perfect as O'Neill's cynical and sarcastic, who can change from the deadly jaw to the eye of an eye. Michael Shanks, as Daniel, carries heart and a willingness to steel the character, who grew up in bold wide-eyed and more difficult-biting as the show progressed. Amanda Tapping, as Carter, has perfected the balance between describing her character's femininity without comparing the fact that she is a strong, intelligent military scientist. Christopher Judge is excellent as Teo'c's aloof, who can show the character's emotions and intricacies. And Don S Davis is perfect as General Hammond's estimates that drive with a good balance of justice and firmness. <br /> Almost all episodes are involved with describing and intelligence, reflecting on moral dilemmas as well as friction between military interests and civilian beliefs (often showing arguments between O'Neill and Jackson). Guest characters solidly showcase and archived stories in a way that does not make their viewers. SG1 also excels in humor, from O'Neill's wisecracks episodes that are just wacky and odd! SG1 has everything out of action in drama romance suspense in the heartbreaking scenes of death. It is not just an excellent sci-fi show but is an excellent show, in general.
