I would have given this movie a few stars, simply because it was a "lifetime" presentation actually filmed in the place represented in the story - here, New York City. Most of this channel, whether the "put", rural Iowa, Oregon, Virginia, LA etc., are filmed in Vancouver, Ottawa, Toronto or some other Canadian locations. one who deserves the top rating - 10 * on this site, it's this movie. Certainly not for originality, for this story has been done many times, in many variations, and several very similar to one specific one. He also performed very often on the big screen, with mega stars, past and present, from Cary Grant, James Garner, Harrison Ford, Tom Hanks, et al - and Deborah Kerr, Doris Day, Meg Ryan, and much more. I can think of at least 10-12 more, as important, past present, on top of myself, who could add now, and there are probably many others who could lead to yourself. <br /> <br /> <br /> By hovering over, but my point is that, in my opinion, this is not far from the best of this genre I've seen. I keep it by chance on a midnight Friday, at a time when I had the TV on only because I took a couple of hours after a particularly awkward week. I would never run through this cops in 8 years since it was done. And, while driving them to do enough to be known at most, they were completely unknown to me. Only the actors I knew were Phyllis Newman (mother Anna) who I would see in some things from her younger days, and Michael Rispoli (Henry, Charlie's best friend) who was outstanding as "Gramma , "ominous, tough, guys, guys, guys at Rounders." <br /> <br /> The lucky and custom meeting between best driving friends', as a sub-story romance, and the correlation of being like Anna and Charlie being only revealed to all later, is often a -cause compression plot of the genre, but makes no difference in the fun here (in fact, it improves it). <br /> <br /> Check out other comments, agree fully with that of the most positive. The main word describing this film is ENGAGING, in the cap. This article describes the performers; characters; chemistry between and among all the characters, in whatever combination combines, with all the roles supporting and even minor. <br /> I love film and a "harder edge:" "Rounders;" Schwarzenegger receptacles / Stallone fare; "Goodfellows;" even classics such as "Casablanca," "Gone With the Wind," "Citizen Kane." But for most, simple fun, this one was exceptional. With a weak fraction of the budgets, it was equal to the results achieved by "You Received Mail" and "Seamless in Seattle." And Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan could not have done much better than Natasha Henstridge and Michael Vartan here; The co-stars and support personnel here were equivalent to those of these mega-films, as well.
