Tim Crab is the author praised the 'E Golden Ei', a novel that has been set on the screen twice ('Spoorloos' and 'The Feast'). One of the most recent Dutch writers is 'De Grot', a psychological thriller on two totally different men, Egon and Axel, who is meeting in a young camp and, surprisingly, becomes a friend of beloved life. Egon is a quiet, somewhat dull person, who spends time studying and writing geography books. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic 'party-animal', a heavy-handed crime that has everyday anxiety is to get a woman in her room. From the moment they meet, Axel has a great influence on Egon, while the latter invites her because she has a good life without really doing anything (like reading thick books like Egon); Finally, Egon is even dragged by Egon in his illegal practice, leading to a fatal drug transport in a far Asian country. After reading the book last year, I was surprised that the critics were quite positive about it. In my opinion, the book suffers especially in the complex structure. While Crabbe presents the story as a portrait of an uncommon relationship between two people, the plot becomes more of a puzzle: the many bouts are not presented chronologically, so that the successive successes are rarely in the same episode. Therefore, the story feels surprisingly remote: you often need to know a character's background really caring for him or her. Another complaint was the fact that the main characters, Egon and Axel, are a little stereotyped. Egon is' dull intellectual, while Axel IS opposes its exactness. In real life, such a human dimension rarely exists; In books and films, they always seem to be there, taking away a lot of credibility. <br /> <br /> Despite all this, the movie was a beautiful surprise, being better than the book. Adaptation of excerpts from his beautiful movies, humor and acting: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can make you forget about acting (that is, in my opinion, above a capable actor to achieve). The disadvantages of the movie, however, are the same as the book: especially because the characters are one dimension, they are so predictable that it gets annoying. Guess who wrote the script? Indeed, crab itself. It is obvious that the director of this talent (that's the movie making it clear anyway) is hampered by a challenging scenario. Perhaps Koolhoven should just chose a better book. <br /> 7/10
