If any movie stands out pretty much with actor acting skills, this is probably the one. I have never seen the dialogues spoken roughly, but have a strong feeling. The movie was disturbing at the time. However, the film was terrible in correction. The film tries to go the commercial way by adding comedy and singing, but they feel out of place. Like Karisma beaten, and at the same time SRK is fighting (comic) and police officers. Ishq Kamina the song was very out of place. On top of that, the film is overly glossy in the beginning. The direction was not bad, but certainly no one can make noise on. <br /> I must say that the actors have chosen a lot wisely. Without that, this movie would not have an impact. Karisma Kapoor has given her best to date, and this looks very good on her case after Zubeidaa and Fiza. It looks nice in the first half, and I never saw a shout actress in emotion and anger as well as her. What is most ironic is this is probably the weakest writing role on the date. Nana Patekar was excellent as her father in law. Not much to say about it, besides this is a role made for him. Deepti Naval as the mother-in-law was excellent especially in her final scene. Even if it does not have much to say, the facial expressions and body language were good. The other good performance was the kid. It was adorable, and be sure to bring tears in the viewer's eye. The film was probably saved by their performance. Sanjay Kapoor was indeed, but he did not have much to do. Shahrukh Khan was wasted in his bad type of juvenile quality. <br /> One thing that brought audience to the theater was Ishq Kamina. Picturization of song and dance is perfect for the bullies lyrics of this song. And Aish boy is mad mad. However, this song was part of another film only because it came at the worst moment ever. People can come to the movie for Aish, but they will not brag too much about it after wards. Even when Miley was standing up, but seemed to drag as the suspense mood was left in the movie. Damroo Bhaje was boring and nothing to devour on. Dil Ne Pukara is too boring in a song to find the mood in the movie. Despite poor corruption, their performance alone makes it a must see.
