Seeing this movie was the most fun I had in the movie in a long time. However, I can not say whether this is a good or bad movie, because these simple qualifications simply can not apply. This picture has everything that any movie can ever have. He has features of a romantic comedy, a political book, a thriller, a drama, a movie action, a music, and a self-conscious self-absurdist film art. It is all in, adding up to a myth. The first quotation is about an Indian couple, Nandini (Karishma Kapoor) and Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), happily living in Canada, who rush to India to visit their husbands husband after a news disturbing news. The rest of the story takes place in India, where the couple finds themselves in the midst of a brawl violinist scheme. At one point, the story lending from "Not my baby," but Shakti called a rumor of anything would be an injustice. The official story line takes a backseat of a number of amazing interruptions, including the Shah Rukh Khan's dream of Aishwarya Rai that comes as if from another movie. In fact, the two stars on all the posters, but they are really late in the movie, and only Shah Rukh ends up being a real character. But it makes up for her and a wonderfully performing and unexpected performance. Karishma Kapoor is one of the most accomplished performers in this film, and she has an admirable job, having tied up the film's twist and turning with a show of credible emotions. Another remarkable presence is Nana Patekar, who plays Narsimha, the tyrannical father of Shekhar's husband. Nana Patekar dominates all his scenes with a scary and nuanced character. The film is not without part of realism. Violence is rampant, but really disturbing of the abuses received by most of the female characters, and Karishma is getting reminded to beat on a number of occasions. At times, this violence is clearly disturbing but ultimately it becomes surreal because every dramatic sequence is usually followed by such funny and spectacular turns that the overall effect is nothing but cathartic. <br /> I saw a part of Bollywood releasing, and mixing in styles and unbelievable drawings of their usual standards. But "Shakti" raises the bar by absorbing a masala even larger without becoming ridiculous. It is a film that achieves the greatness of a Shakespearian tragedy, where the audience of the emblem and equally entertained royalty. It is the best quality, free movies, and the director Krishna Vamsi must have a dream at a good time by sending in every trick to the book. Perhaps the whole message of violence that began violence and inspiration inspired them in their mother's love was not thought of on my mind, but I was out of looking at Shakti exhilarating. Making movies can be the most fun in the world!
