The beauty of this film is evidenced by the great portrayal of the power of a mother's love, the outstanding performances, the constant execution and the script quite innovative. The film tells the story of an Indian woman, Nandini, who lives in Canada and her husband Shekhar and Raja children. All of a sudden husband her husband informed her that her family in India (who she was not even known) is in trouble with the couple hurrying to India. When they reach the village, Nanadini is shocked and afraid to witness a very rural wildlife culture; Shekhar's family, led by her father, Narasimha, is very cynical and relentless, living a poor and very violent form of murder and terror and where women are subsistent and helpless. Nandini begins Shekhar around to return home, but he is soon killed by his father's enemy. When she wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to let her take Raja back to India. Here begins the intense struggle that can be called "Nandini vs. Narasimha" .. India does not present in a particularly positive light of this film, but it only shows a very small minority in its rural, so it can be even incorrect. The painting is in my life just and not one-sided because the positive side is also presented to a limit. Such an impenetrable sight can be shown in a movie about any country in the world. The amazing places, the music is beautiful, and the direction Krishna Vamshi helps by highly effective and good correction movies. One of the things to be noted is the note of a lot of ears-fun backgrounds by Ismail Darbar, it's nice. Characters are very well defined though we get to see both bright and dark sides in different portions of the movie. Portable realistically at all, the film is flowing well and it is an interesting and fun entertaining look. Its dialogue is superb and intelligible writing, and although the shocking procedures can be very disturbing at some point, a great deal of positive moments is managed to alleviate the tension. The greatest film force is their performance. Karisma Kapoor is breathtaking and very credible as Nandini. Its ability to hit a balance between vulnerability and emotions is simply incredible. It shows much intensity, empathy, sorrow and determination as the mother wants to get her son back that this kid looks like she is her own son. Her epidemic while facing Nana Patekar-like volcanic eruption shows us how the simplest of women can become a tigress when it comes to her baby. After Fiza, this is its most powerful performance. One of the greatest American movie actors has seen, Nana Patekar is indescribable as Narasimha. She managed to be lovers as Narasimha again admirably as the actor who plays her. Patekar shows cruelty, wittiness and even humanity and total conviction. It is exceptional. Another great performance comes unprecedented by India's most unmistakable actress, Naval Deepti, which sensitizes her character to perfection. Sanjay Kapoor is just adequate and Shahrukh Khan gives great comforts. Anyway, watch Shakti - it could be best, but it is definitely a must-watch.
