A strongly oriented postcard, the director of Krishna Vamsi's Shakti Power, the Hollywood version of the Hollywood hit without my daughter is home-production Sridevi. A story about a woman's fight against harsh injustices. The story of the movie revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor) who lives in Canada with its small uncle (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). There she meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), fell in love with her, and soon married. Families complete when Nandini has a boy, Raja (Master Jai Gidwani). But the early short life, as the news of Shekhar's sick mother (Deepti Naval) makes them leave their perfect life in Canada and come to India. And when the problems begin. From the moment they arrive in India, both are shocked to see the pollution and the vast influx of people everywhere. They took a crowded train to the town of Shekhar and finally arrive at the station, they must catch a long bus ride to their village. The dirty bus bus combined with the uncertain terrain makes it a never-ending drive. And unfortunately for them, a frantic mob who beat Shekhar out of shape has no fault in his bus attacks. Fortunately, they get shot dead just in time before they can be more harmful to him. And they drove to Havel at handing where Shekhar's father, Narsimha (Nana Patekar) lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani realizes that his father in the law is in order as soon as he enters the place, but his only wonder is his mother in the law to welcome. <br /> <br /> Living there, Nandini learns of his father-in-law tyranny behavior and realizes that without pity kill is a way of life for her. That day, she saw her father teaching teaching her son to throw a bomb, losing her, and attacking her, stressing Shekhar that they go back to Canada. But horror hit again when shekhar kills one day, leaving a crush Nandini alone with his son in this strange country where he harrowed by a wicked father. He fought against the man to save his son is what makes up bigger in this emotional heart-wrenching movie. <br /> <br /> What sets apart Shakti from most films made late is also the rural setting of the movie. The only drawback is Ismail Darbar's music, which fails to climb above the script. The only saved salvation is Ishq Kameena's sexy number, composed by Anu Malik. Another pat for the director comes because he extract some splendid performances at his cast. Karisma Kapoor is the life of the movie and has given a performance to move as a helpless mother. It is sure to win the award for this heated painter. The second actor Nana Patekar is back with a bang and this movie. His sick manism suits him in the pig and has shown his versatility once again with this role. Sanjay Kapoor is the surprise pack of the movie with a heartbreaking and effective painting that stands against both the other actors. Deepti Naval is also in the shape of his Pr-climax confrontation and Nana is praised. Shakea Shahrukh gives the lighter moments and surely has pulled in to get the value of the required stars. Even though his role was not really asked, he did it well. In general, Shakti is a superior movie that most churned out these days and the release drop hype is sure to find it a good opening. Shakti is sure to get the critics and audience thumps. So what if the movie needs to be desperately trimmed by at least 2 coil the best impact. Shakti still has the power to go on without a hitch!
