On Sunday July 27, 1997, the first episode of a new science fiction series called "Stargate SG-1" was broadcast on Showtime. A turn-off of and the 1994 film "Stargate" starring Kurt Russell and James Spader, the series begins approximately a year after the events described in the movie. For ten seasons, he chronicled the adventures and misadventures of a fearless team of explorers known as SG-1. Originally, the series led Richard Dean Anderson as Colonel Jack O'Neill (of "l" s!), Michael Shanks as Dr Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping as Captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Judge as Teal'c and Don S. Davis as General Secretary George S. Hammond. For ten years, we watched the team fighting against the Goa'uld, the Replicators, the Ori and many other aggressors. At the same time, alliance with Asgard, Tok'ra, rebels Jaffa, Nox and Tollan was forged. They save the world no less than eight times over the years and never give up, not until death claimed. And sometimes not even then. <br /> As with all long run runs, many changes were thrown. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of his fifth quarter in order to expand his horizons as an actor. Daniel Jackson's successor as the archeologist / geek resident team was Jonas Quinn, an alien from a land called Kelowna on the Langara planet, played by Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned at the start of the seventh quarter of June 2003 and Nemec left at the same time. Unfortunately, he made one more guest appearance and his character was rarely mentioned later. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh quarter of March 2004 as he felt he was time to go. Show the original star and arguably its most famous actress, Richard Dean Anderson, starred in the series for the whole of her first season. His involvement in seventh and eight seasons was noticeably less than in the earliest seasons. He finally left "SG-1" in March 2005 in order to spend more time with his six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was far from my favorite character in the series and, the truth said, I never enjoyed the last two seasons as much as I did the earlier episodes for this very reason. <br /> <br /> The ninth season represents a new era for the program. With the departure of its lead actor and defeat the Goa'uld and the Replicators of Season eight, many fans felt the series should go out on a high. Regardless, the series brought on for a further two years and the Ori to replace the Goa'uld as the main opponent of the series. Three new characters were brought in to fill out the gaps as it was and help Usher to re-invent this. Ben Browder came in as the Southern Air Force pilot Lt. Colonel Cameron Mitchell, the new SG-1 leader. The "Farscape" co-star, the beautiful Claudia Black, began to play an important role in the series as lively, sexy, hilarious and certainly extraterrestrial Vala Mal Doran, an ancient Goa'uld army and con artists from another planet. A star inviting guests during the eighth and ninth seasons, joined the full-time cast at the start of its tenth and its final season. The roundtrip of the legendary Beau Bridge as Major General Hank Landry, the new captain of the SGC and an old friend of Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. For the last two years, they have been celebrating with the "SG-1" (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and has become a major party and has also made significant contributions to the Stargate franchise. , good things must come to an end. During the first broadcast of the first several episodes in Ten Seasons, the rating dropped considerably, resulting in repeal of its August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream was finally over. On March 13, 2007, that started with "Children of the Gods" ended with "Unending". The final series made its global premiere on Sky One in Great Britain and Ireland before being shown on the Sci-Fi Channel in the United States on June 22, 2007. In the past ten years the series was on air and assembled the army in fans and even eclipse the science fiction series, "Star Trek", in terms of popularity in certain countries. It has become the second-most-scanned series of sci-fi in the world, second only to "Doctor Who" (1963-1989), and the longest run-American Sci-Fi series products, has been over "X-Files" only a few months before it ended. <br /> "Stargate SG-1" represents the pillars of the Stargate franchise. In 2004, its success and popularity led to the production of a turn-off series entitled "Stargate Atlantis", who regrettably abolished after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although plans for another feature film fall , two direct-to-DVD films, "Stargate: The Ark" and "Stargate Continuum", were released in 2008 and more were planned for the near future. A third series of live-action, "Stargate Universe", is also due to premiere at some point next year. (There was, unfortunately, an animated series, "Stargate Infinity", which runs only from 2002 to 2003 but the less said about the best). Despite the end of "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as the series continues, the future of "Stargate" looks very bright indeed. <br /> In conclusion, while "Stargate" has yet to find the same degree of popular recognition as other great Sci-Fi TV franchises such as "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who", it's still relatively new compared to those the science fiction and I have every confidence that it will continue for many, many years to come.
