Inegal Bollywood drama. Karisma Kapoor is excellent as an Indian woman in Canada who is married to a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), has a child, and then visits his family in India only to find them terrorist warlords. Drama and tragedy incite, and the movie gets a kind of PA without my baby's comedy funny. The movie is compelling, its few songs / dances are refreshing and useless, the mission of Bollywood songs and dance is really out of character for the intensity of this movie drama, at least once we've let confine them to encourage the Canadian love nest they ?? although a number involving a rally by the stunning Aishwarya Rish is enjoyable provocative, if finally misplaced as well. Similarly, the inclusion of Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan as a happy-go-luck drop that helps Kapoor escape from the clutches of the warlord turns that was a very serious drama of a funny mascarade, and it only becomes on her feet when her character ?? and his imagination on Rai that generates dance kano it ?? they dispense with them. He threw-away dialogue-book dialogue and silliness in his fighting scene detected from the movie's main film drama. Throw nicely supported by Nana Patekar as the warlord, and the Naval elegant Deepti who is outstanding as her long-suffering wife who finally seeks to stand up against her in one of the best movie scenes; Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good as they are in India, with lots of fun eye candy. But Sanjay himself acts terribly, especially during the evidences of free ad. The regular template of writer / director Krishna Wamsi is sloppy, rampant and rough transition and abrupt cut, although his camera movements are good. The musical voice is also quite effective, Moody, featuring the voice of female voice on a small orchestral ensemble (too bad if any of that made it on the SHAKTI's Soundtrack CD, but Bollywood has not yet discovered the value in which there is including notes along with songs on soundtrack albums, at least not in most cases). But SHAKTI is Karisma Kapoor's film, all the way, though, with the intensity of her performance once the movie changed in India contrasts nicely with the gentle romance and which she engages with Sanjay in the Canadian initial scenes. Despite the inequality of many of the pictures, Karisma's performance completely sold the movie and solidified its otherwise consistent measure. In a strange way, too, I found the story to be another taking on the healing of royalty I would notice in the bloom of the GOLDEN AND MARINE ANTOINETTE, both of which I would see just before, although SHAKTI of course is an entirely different kind of movie; but focus on a family of dysfunctional families ?? here living in the terrorist austerity control system in India rather than the elegance of Versailles or massive megalomania of the Tang feudal China's dynasty ?? with self-seekers bringing ruins to ruins over many others and strengthening a single type of uprising or another to provide the film with a remarkable subtext.
