"Stargate SG-1" follows the intergalactic exploration of a team called SG-1 in a Stargate device and all the surprises are waiting on the other side of the wormhole. <br /> Having seen this series sporadically for her in the first few seasons when she first came out, I did not know how good this series would really be, 10 years after I was last seen an episode. My old impression was that the series was great, but my impression was far from the truth. "Stargate SG-1" is more than just a simple set of sci-fi, it is one of the best performing, interesting, long-running, exciting sci-fi ever produced. And why? Because it runs on an amazing site. This far surpassing value of this movie is based on and I think it is a very good example of television, as a medium, and a proper site, is able to provide something that does not work on time restrictions in the movie. The familiar sense created by a long run runs, watching the characters and circumstances are progressing and time is stunning and just adds to the ability to stop disbelief, and it is all a result of terrific writing and a lot of dedication not all the crew shows off. <br /> "Stargate SG-1" has been offering great adventures throughout the 10 years, but has never been scared of the challenge of moving the plot and gave way for some very different time periods of the show: First Season Some, perhaps up to the 4th / 5th, focus a lot more on the exploration of the planets and different situations, keeping their episodes fairly related to each other if it did not always threaten Goaul'd threats. <br /> - From the 5th to the 7th there have been increasingly more episodes that focus on fighting the Goaul'd and preventing attacks on Earth. After the exploration of the planet was almost only an excuse to put Sg-1 in a place of goaul'd / replicators / conflict conflicts <br /> - The 8th season is probably one of the most mixed. He had a stream of episodes including minor earth affairs in which Stargate is hardly even mentioned, but the latest episodes featured some great replica moments. <br /> <br /> - 9th and 10th trip together because they have the same new enemy and no Jack O'Neil. They are both good continuation, although the first episodes in the 10th season are a bit weak, because they seem to be about little more than SG-1 and Humans / Jaffa losing battle after the Battle of Ori. /> Basically, after season 7, exploration was pushed in the background, which in many ways was a shame, because of the potential and mystery of each planet (episode) featured; On the other hand, he did for many great episodes in the ongoing conflicts that changes in nature at the show have always worked and show how big and bold writers were. <br /> Even hard I believe the series has a high quality finish that nicely puts it in rest, the feeling I have is that it could go on; Those who participated were all the great professionals and the narrative series had a lot to offer. One last season back in the beginning nature of the series was very convenient and would have been most welcome, but finally things are as they are. <br /> In the end, because of the fact that I loved everything, it's a little hard to find that it ends. The big picture, however, one drawn by the work of hundreds of people over the course of 10 years, is an eye to beauty and a true verse of the crew, these outstanding actors and the characters we will always remember as a collective by the name SG-1.
