When a rich tycoon dies in a plane crash, his sister spinster, Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy), does not believe he had taken control of a suicide dive (though self-immortal running in the family) but his three lovely Daughter could not care less. The Pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), went on to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes) who quickly coerces him to help control his control of the estate from his troubled sister, Lorna (Sarah Shane) and lawyer family (Jess Barker). Valerie wants Norton to seduce Lorna when he does not fend off the gains of another sister, Vicki Nanmphet (Marla English), but his plans are thrown into a tailspin when Norton falls for her animals. All bets are cut off as a world of misfortune - including corporate venture, seduction, suicide, blackmail, a murderous awareness, the law of man, double breed, defamatory, and poetic justice - reaching "Craig Manor", an imposing mansion a bluff overlooking the sea ... <br /> This preposterous potboiler would make a perfect second character for WRITTEN on the WIND, also in 1956. The legendary Douglas Circus in a powerful tribe (and powerful dysfunctional) said inspired the 1980s silk-long television series Dallas but Craig's skiing-craig in foliage seems right out of her sister-soap sin, DYNASTY. All three brothers and sisters (only one person is really bad) are beautiful handsome but it's Kathleen Hughes' cartoon that stands out. Valerie is relentless in her quest to inherit family fortunes and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the movie's many movie films. Vicki's younger sister is quite a piece of work as well, reminiscent of Carmen Sternwood in the great SLEEP. When they first meet, he pulls the equivalent of trying to sit on Norton's lap while still standing by coming up with the line "I'm graduating as a laugh-out from Embrace-capable U." Whew! <br /> <br /> THREE BAD SISTERS, produced by Schlockmeister Howard W. Koch, is a terrific garbage-smashing of excess exploitation and casting is the B-film Heaven: Marla "It Creatives" English, 50s John Couple "Revenge of the Creature" Bromfield (once married to French Corinne Calvet), Universal starlet Sarah Shane (discovered by Hedy Lamarr), Jess "Mr. Susan Hayward" Barker, Kathleen "She's been from outer space" Hughes, and The former silent screen star Madge Kennedy gave it all that they had - though many or little are. Future Eurotrash star Brett Halsey (TRUMPET OF THE APOCALPTION) has been seen as one of Vicki's victims. <br /> B-Movie Rating: 10/10 Marla (and his English body) made beautiful movies! Three Sister BAD has recently been seen on the big screen as part of the Palm Springs Film Noir Festival, but the hut is still wiping out of ... hell is it's noir (5/10 on the noirometer).
