This is one of the finest films from the Hong Kong 'New Wave New' that started with Tsui Hark in "ZU: The Magic Mountain Warrior". Tsui puts a tone for the new wave of films in the martial arts film that is very beautiful all the directors of the New Wave (Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Wong Jing, Ching Siu Tung, etc.) accepted since then as a given; namely, the approach of films like now would need more than one touch of irony, if not comedy squarely. "Burning Paradise" puts a stop at all, and with a vengeance. <br /> It's not that there is no humor here; but it is a purely human humor, as well as the ancient Buddhist priest at the start that somehow manages a quick feel of the noble whore while hiding in a pack of straw. But this is just as the people, not even the Buddhist priests can be saints all the time. <br /> <br /> When iroons are at last presented in the movie, it is possible to nastiest, emanating from 'abbot' to Red Lotus Temple, which is a study of pure nihilism like never been recorded movie before. It is the very incarnation of Satan Milton from "Lost Paradise": "Best to Order Hell to Serve in Heaven!" But if he can not get into Satan's hell soon enough, he will turn the world around him in a living hell he can rule. This motive emphasizes the brutal violence of many of the imagery here: Not that the abo just wants to kill; He wants to be desperate, to feel completely hopeless, to accept his nihilism as all-encompassing reality. So there is a definite sense of pervading the Red Temple scenes that there might just be no other reality outside of the temple itself - it has all been in the universe, and the Abbot, claiming the mastery of infinite power, is in charge . br /> <br /> Of course, fortunately, the movie does not end there. Even though there are losses, human wishes must be virtually human to the last priority. (If you want to know how, watch the movie!) But there is no doubt that, in this movie we visit hell. Hopefully, we are not witnesses to revive our own; but we certainly feel chastened by the experience - and somehow better for it on everyone.
