Here's another movie that would be loaded into a satellite, being shot in space and pointing toward the Andromeda galaxy to show the best possible civilization of mankind. This film is so indearingly stupid and revealing the honesty of being little more than a rip-off of the already classic classic KING KING film from 1976 that it not only manages upstage that movie in terms of absolute gothic goofiness laughs, but successfully predicted many of the miserable Peter Jackson in the 2005 cartoon cartoon that has the same name, as far as a "romance" between the giant (here's a Yeti) and a gorgeous human woman (Antonellina Interlenghi in Umberto Lenzi in the evening, which is very easy on the eyes). The movie made for the kids so aside from some innuendo on the bone fish and a boring nipple says goodbye you can forget about sex - the same yeti has a sort of giant jock bracelet to cover up her whopping mail, The result of being even more entertaining than anatomical correspondence. But as a trade-off you do get a wacky old scientist, two inquisitive kids, Tony Kendall in a rare turn as a duplicitous batu in a villain, a helpful dog cleverly chased who gets his own adventure (movies Adventure Dogs were great in Europe for a while) and of course appeared as the hero to the end of saving the Yeti, who turned out to be the good guy, wonderful things like front end fronters decorated to look like bark Ape, a monster in size literally changes the injection shot shot, some inappropriate deaths that will cause the carnage of GODZILLA VS MONSTER in SMOG look tasted by comparison, a reaction rate of many people made up of either Hispanic , Italian or Canadian spending on scene costs (you can sort of tell where they shot from how extras are dressing), with some of the most enthusiastic performances, but special inept works ever in a giant monkey movie. <br /> It's here that the movie won me over: It's enthusiastically just for being two. Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini who brought SARTANA to the world in 1968 and the god of the year before & was a very important director of the Western Spaghetti and Action / Adventure genre film in the 1960-1970 scene and by time In Yeti it was probably happy to get the job done. I would say that this is her most adventurous film ever, or rather one of it took the most chances and, and may have felt more comfortable to take these chances and the movie aimed at children and family them. The film has a kind of abandonment of abandonment in its way of making the technical errors or totally meaningless inconsistencies. Or rather are part of the fun, and if the movie was played seriously it would not work - that's exactly why PHOTO DJ JACKSON'S SUCKED. <br /> It is forgotten to have fun with the material and let it dictate the result of using his army in the stupid motor Macintosh power man, and his fault + clunkiness, Yeti Kramer is actually closer to the spirit of why We look at movies like this, which are partly seen as actors in costume costumes torn apart miniature on sound internships, not smoothly tuned hours of vapid in nothing else than hard drive space. I would rank this up with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT! THE GOLE GREAT SCHOOL as one of the most enjoyable Jews ever rampaging monster ever. Because the film looks so "fake" you can get on the story and just have fun watching things to get broken, trampled, up and down. Knowing that with armed with a fertile, energy enthusiasm for the chance to make the movie, Parolini pulls out all the stops and delivers a full bodied adventure that might get a bit rough for some of the tiki but movie At first I'll ever share with their grandkids a day when parents are stupid leaving them with me for a weekend. This is something for the ages and one of the toughest expressions of humanity ever to be engaged in seluloid. <br /> 10/10, it's about ten minutes too long, but with concern, you only come around and I'd rather go out with a smile on my face.
