I was not always a fan, but the show grew on me. It was not until after 5 seasons that I began to see the wealth of the show. They finally made Daniel Jackson's search for his wife to an end and ultimately most of Go's, the Lords System Systems were killed by rival rulers, SG-1 or others. <br /> <br /> Season 5, Stargate SG-1, started becoming stale. With the new writers and the close attention by Produer Peter Deleuise, the show became more solid. <br /> <br /> The characters have become sluggish too. Colonel Jack O'Neill was stereogenic hero and emotional baggage. After his son Charlie had died in an injury shot with O'Neill's gun, he decided to terminate his own life by going to Abydos in order to face the cut with Go'ould RA. The character offers little growth for any actor and actor Richard Dean Anderson chose to play it straight to raise emotional barriers to protect himself. only allowing its close friends. Amanda tapped along the cast as Captain Samantha Carter. It was a feminist on the edge, ready to fight anyone who would doubt his ability to do his job. Even though this character had little area to grow, Tapping did a great job of focusing on Carter's forces. It took time to get a basic understanding of some of the things Carter talked about in order that he could present the intelligence character. <br /> <br /> Christopher Judge simultaneously cast into play the alien Teal'c. Teal'c was an alien named Jaffa. Go'ould baby, (snakes like animals) would embed themselves in the Jaffa until they grew up to the point when it would go into another form of life. Jaffa would die. Teal'c was the first Prime of Apophis' army. Knowing that Apophis was not a god like Go'ould pretending, he realized the genocide that the army had wreaked over the galaxy. Finally, he had enough, he and Jack O'Neill released their team and quite some innocent people. After reaching Earth, he realized that Earth was the planet he was looking for, who would help him fight the Go'ould. Judge Christopher did quite a bit with a limited character. Teal'c is a wise warrior, much of what he learned from his teacher Bra'tac. The show should not be complete without Master Bra'tak played by Tony Amandola. It is also a stone. In the end, he became the most advised of SG-1, especially Daniel Jackson. <br /> <br /> Don S. Davil was in the beginning playing Major General George Hammand. Davis did an incredible job with Hammond making him sympathetic and normal. She has her work, she has a wife, son and daughter and grandchild. You can really say, it is anchor to the base. Simply, I would die for this man. If not allowed by his superiors to give troops to support teams in the world. He will go head. He does not leave anyone behind. <br /> I saved Dr. Daniel Jackson for the latest, because this character, I believe he has grown more in ten or eleven years he was over. In choosing Shanks I do not think that the producer realizes how strong Shanks should be and now when people talk about Jackson, they do not talk about Spader, they talk about Shanks. In the early years, the Jackson character came on as a whiner. That's why I probably was not a fan. As the seasons stuck, the character became stronger. That gave him confidence. In the end, as in season 10, the Jackson character has matured to the point that it has become a self sacrificing hero. It's always monitored by ethnic groups. It's always going to provide information that can move any forward mission. Archeology, History, Culture and Exploration are a part of many being. It is determined. Though someone in peace, he has matured to the point that using his weapon can be the only way to resolve a disagreement. Other characters include, most recently: Vala Mal Doran (Claudia Black) and Colonel Cameron Mitchell (Ben Browder), the new SG-1 lead. Both actors come from a series called Farscape and why they put together is any guessing body. I see little difference between Mitchell and Crichton (Farscape characters). Black is simply on the wall. Definitely different from his soldiers as Arin characters soon.
