I saw this when he first came to video, my younger sister received it as a gift and I was probably 12 at the time ... What was up to me was the lack of controversy among the movie many films have, where the main characters become angry at each other because when it comes time to explain themselves they just do not say one thing that you're crying out to the screen that would make sense of the deal, that anyone in reasonable intelligence would know say. This is what I love most about the movie I guess, that the main characters do not mean things in every other half of ... they do not break up and make up and just grow in like one and other more as the movie goes on. <br /> These two kids team up, and though they first seem to be from opposite sides of the track, they are not that different. Loui is actually just some kid class who needs to realize how lucky she has a loving family, and Cecelia was a class kid who just needed to prove to her family that she existed and would miss her if she go. Anyway, I saw this movie posted on Hulu and had to look it again ... be sure to have scheme holes if you analyze the script and no, Woog and Dweeb should not eat hot dogs since they have herbivores in reality. br /> <br /> Now what's looking out of the movie is it's unexpected scariness. Toddlers under the age of 5 would probably be scared by scenes with Dr. Screweyes. And, the addition of her half of the movie (though it's flagrantly evident in the first scene that she will make an appearance) is too abrupt ... should have a glimpse into her make her show Earlier in the movie, perhaps to show that he is not afraid of dinosaurs. I guess it just lacks any real danger present for the first half of the movie, so that it lacks a little continuity when it appears for the second half. <br /> <br /> When you consider the target audience, whom I am sure to neglect the idea of ​​mission by mission and dialogue issues ... I think I'll give it a pass on those factors too, and just enjoy story. It's a great movie soundtrack for kid and it's sticking to your head ... making you think about how you treat people and it should review every 10 years I think.
