Wow, a lot of reviews for the experience of the spirits here. Wonderful thing. My name is Steve and I run movies. We just started releasing the guinea pigs films on DVD to North America. Now, before you ask why I write a review? Instead, ask why some people hit it. I write this review because I love the guinea pig films. Why I love em, is because they go for the throat and do not let go. I've seen it all. Almost every horror movie was known to people, Argento, Fulci, benches, Buttgereit. from each underground sensation sensation to every Hollywood blockbuster. I've seen it all with those films that have stuck in my head during the years were definitely the guinea pigs films. Why because it does not try to hide the reason why we look at horror movies in the 1st place. This review is for the devil experience. I find it devoid of history that is fine by me. Why do I watch horror movies? So I can see blood and gore and the torture of people. The spirits experience not only delivers but that's all it is. Most violence without violation. Yeah I love a story but sometimes I just want the gor and experience of devils deliver ten curls. Why do people strike it? Causes love a story, so that the torture and death of someone can hide behind a story. It makes me feel better about themselves. We all want blood and gore. It's just really hard to justify it if it does not wrap around a story. Guinea pig films have a historical significance and created a definite splash whenever they were released. <br /> I am thrilled to be able to release one of the world's most popular horrors series. Perhaps I should not write this review but then again maybe I should. My view is mostly the causes being disclosed, but then again it's not. I've always told people to find them and they look their way before I started film films. Ensure it's explosive and over the head but is not why we watch the horror movie in the 1st place. The demonic experience is NOT for everyone. It's for thrill seekers and gorehounds only. If you think Jason Cinema and Freddy Krueger movies are scary then the stick. But if you are on the next level and have seen it all then the Devil Experience is for you. There is one reason why they have not been released for more than 17 years. They are wrong, disgusting and right freaky rights and not something to watch with your mom, unless it is totally cool. Good luck, enjoy and never stop living your life.
