I enjoyed this show for two reasons. Richard Dean Anderson 2. Amanda tapping. These two performers brought the show and support from the regulars and recurring actors. Replacement of RDA in 9-10 season was enough to take the heart out of the show. <br /> <br /> The chemistry between all the main characters is just tremendous. You get to feel that the actors love to paddle around after the camera stopped rolling. This relationship brings about the program we get to see. RDA gives his character 'O'Neill' credible personality. It never knows when the wiseass is given to him a rest. You look at others to roll their eyes in dismay of some of his words. Still, they know that it is the man they have around when the situation is dangerous. There is a lot going on between 'Carter' and 'O'Neill' under the surface. They manage to keep the lid over, but often just barely. The 'Solitudes' episode of Epic 1 has some of the best drama ever seen on TV. The love between the two made the prospect of the death because they faced it together. But O'Neill's tactical instinct always looks soundy. He understands what to do without thinking about the question. The team has repeatedly been jeopardized by others not listening to his order. The goodbye was denied in the 9th and 10th episodes. The original story story was mostly used up with the new bandits never really caught my interest. Ben Browder was far inferior to the RDA in bringing the show. She had her rare moments with Claudia Black, but that was all. Amanda Tapping has telephoned her performance of these seasons. You could see many features change it after having a baby. He probably thought more about the child than the show. <br /> <br /> Stargate Atlantis The turn-off has a moment, but is especially a much weaker effort. Larger characters are missing cast in the original. Wickeds (Wraiths) are so obnoxious as to be funny. Maybe Amanda tapping may breathe some life into the program or it will not last beyond the fourth quarter. There was always a problem for me in the special effects of the show. For having shaped vessels as pyramids is a monstrosity design rarely equal in sci-fi. The use of candles for the illumination of these boats is just as bad. The use of decorations in ancient Egypt that hides ultra-modern technology is just as difficult to accept. <br /> I am surprised about some of the continuity on the show as well. In the season 2 box, 'Daniel Jackson' shot and uniforms had a gap hole where he was injured. He crawls into a sarcophagus and heals his body and restores his uniform as he just came to the shelf in the wardrobe closet. The 'Hathor' episode has a sarcophagus fall in the hands of the SGC, but never mentioned again. This device could be used in several episodes later on 'Daniel', 'O'Neill', and 'Dr. Frasier '.
