I'm a big fan of the movie where people get conned, and House of Games is almost the pinnacle of the 'films where people get conned' genre. In short, it's an excellent thriller that keeps you on the edge of your seat by giving interesting characters and many levels, and never really reveals what's happening, while throwing in many twists and crazy surprises completely that you was just seeing. The movie consumes the audience on many occasions, and although we know this; It's still hard to guess where it's going, and every twist comes as a surprise. As mentioned, I'm a big fan of downside in the movies and the plot of this one follows a female psychiatrist who receives a patient with a huge debt he must be in a fellow gambler. He then goes to the gambler in an attempt to help out his patients and on the road gets drawn to the art of reading people in order to pull on a con. <br /> <br /> House of Games breathe through a surface atmosphere, and David Mamet does well in establishing his movie environment at underground levels in the city. The film is well-acting, and every concern brings life and credibility to the characters and the greatest in skill. Joe Mantegna star as the con man in the heart of the movie, and although his performance is slightly under strong, he was still viable and credible as the villain of the piece. Lindsay Crouse star along with her as the psychiatrist seduced by her work, and yet is credible in her role. He can not look the oldest, but at least he can act. The movie's films to draw it is the main star of the show, however, and you will no doubt be amazed at multiple occasions how the film constantly manages to astound and deceive the viewer. At times it's almost like we're in the thick of the action and being conned by the guys in the movie. Another great thing about this movie is that it shows the audience how to pull on certain pitfalls, which is useful if you're interested in making twenty dollars, says. All in all, House of Games is a really cool thrill.
