'The United States of Kiss My Ass' <br /> <br /> House of Games is the first to come from dramatic David Mamet and is an effective and at times astounding psychological thriller. It star Lindsay Crouse as best selling psychiatrist, Margaret Ford, who decided to confront the gambler who drove one of his patients to gaze suicide. In doing so he left the safety and comfort of living a bit its ordinary behind and traveling downtown to the low, home game. Mike's gambler (played excellent by Joe Mantegna) turns out to be a bit sharp and sneaky. It offers Cruster's character a deal, if he is willing to sit with him in a game, a great money game in the salon, he will cancel their debtors. The card game clues and soon the psychiatrist and the gamble are seen to be in a familiar line of work (trusting others) and a fascinating relationship to start. What makes House of Games interesting with an essential view for any movie fans is the constant puzzle of who is in control, is it the psychiatrist or as the man or is he the well-known man of David Mamet's great bluffs. > <br /> At home in the direction of the game is dull and most of the flat and uninspiring times, however in each movie Mamet David it is the story that is central to the procedures all, not the direction. At home in this game the brilliance of thanks to the superb performance of the two performances (bursting and trouble) but especially as is the case with many of Mamet's works, it is the dialogue that influences you and slowly draws you in the movie. No one in the house of games says these meanings and conversations become battlefields and war words. Everyone bluffs with double bluffs, which is reminiscent of a natural poker game order. This is a theme running across the movie and used great effects in the right moments to create vast amounts of tension. House of Games can also be viewed as a 'class-war' division. With Lindsay Crouse we have the middle class, well-to-do educated psychiatrists and Joe Mantegna is the complete opposite, the working class of America earns a living by 'honest' crime. The viewer much like Crouse seduced by Mantegna and the end result is finally a very satisfying piece of American cinema. And the final of the movie is definitely something for everyone to see and watch out for, it's stunning. <br /> A very enjoyable movie experience worth mentioning worthwhile. 9/10
