Here's my first David Mamet directed film. Fitting, since it was his first, as well. <br /> <br /> The story here is unmatched and it moves along like any movie movie, out of little consequences of great inconvenience to all-encompassing con. It's like the "Grifters", but without this movie level of acting. (In that movie, John Cusack was sort of bland, but that was the nature of his character.) The act here is very flat (I sometimes wonder if the deaf act by Crouse was supposed to have some sort of attack psychoanalysis). At least at the beginning. It never gets really good, but it evolves beyond painfully sting her leaves after about ten minutes. Early in the movie, some of Lindsay Crouse's lines - the way it reads - sounds as if they are interior monologue or narratives, which are not. And to reach Mantegna stuff. The dialogue here is not as fun as it should be. I was hoping crackerjack line-a-ding-ding lines that roll in the language, but these do not. It all sounds great, rather than speaking. Perhaps Mamet evolved after this movie and released it, but if not, perhaps he should let others control his words. It is far too expensive with them here and as a result, they lose their rhythm, quality jazzy. What's more strange is that other than this, the movie does not look or feel like a play. The camera is very cinematic. My only problem with "Glengarry Glen Ross" was that he looked too much like theatrical films, but in which movie actors were not only accomplished but relaxed and free. Everything was shed. <br /> I would not mind so much if it sounded like movie films talk films - or even play characters play line play - but here it sounds like movie (or even book) play talk characters. It's a strange mumble in theater and movie that just does not work. That does not mean the movie is bad - it's not, it's often fun. The best piece is in the middle. <br /> It's the standard movie of the movie: The new guy (in this case, girl) Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) gets involved in the underworld too. How he gets involved is: he's a psychiatrist and one of his patients, Billy is a compulsive gambler. She wants to help her out with her gambling debt, so she walks in the game of a game, a dingy game where people work in a room back. I'll admit the setup is very improbable. (They just hoped Crouse to come in? They hoped he would write a check? Was Billy on it? One of those questions is definitely to answer in the end, however.) Here consumers are starting to roll out. I found them in the beginning - the little kids of the kids - they must be the most fun. We are getting a lesson in the art of the as much as Crouse is. <br /> We see the end coming, and then we did not see the second coming coming, and then finished the real I did not see coming, but maybe you did. The ball just keeps bouncing back and forth with the latest scene in the movie we realize that the second Crouse walked around the house in the game he found calling it true. <br /> I'm going to forgive Annoying Open, the bits are not easy with foreign-reading lines because there are so many good things here. If the first part of the film looks stagy, stick with it. After the half-hour mark it really gets a momentum going. If you want a fun movie con, then here it is. If you want Mamet, go see Glengarry Glen Ross again - James Foley has done it best. <br /> <br /> ***
