House of Games is compulsory spell. It's so nice to have occasionally seen movies that are perfect tens. There are some movies I've seen that can catch you quickly. From the opening stage this film just gets you. <br /> I'm trying really hard not to give much away to those who can not yet see this, but there will be a few SPOILERS NOT DOING IT ANYMORE IF YOU DO NOT KNOW. <br /> I'd say House of Games is not just a superb movie but is the best movie about art I've never seen-any. From the moment the film is about to beg to be replayed. <br /> <br /> Lindsay Crouse as Margaret Ford is simply perfection, from her style of influence in her voice she gets into the role immediately. Joe Mantegna was also wonderful. This dialogue in this film has an almost unprecedented quality of impressions and two people communicate as much of a look as they do with their voice. I also loved the way the movie was filmed, in that kind, surreal way of style, it fit perfectly and helped make the movie what it was. <br /> <br /> There were a few movies I've seen with love that this reminds me of including the Grifters and their usual but real suspicions, House of Games is completely different in its way. Margaret and Mike are two of the most absorbed characters I've seen on the big screen and not only have screenshots that are strong and palpable from the moment they are satisfied, but the rally starts from the moment They look around each other is electrified. You know something that will happen but you have no idea what. And just when you think you've guessed that "something," you realize you do not even scratch the surface .... <br /> <br /> The game House is one of those movies that can be lumped in to a certain genre of films but is essentially a film about human nature. The character study is not just about the idea of ​​the artist but the victim as well. As the movie moves along and we get to know more and more about the main characters, we learn about them not just by saying but how to say it. It is a great character study and is impeccable in the way it speeds to conclude it. In closing, I would rank this 10 in 10, calling it (although not my favorite movie, very high on the list), most definitely outstanding and would go so far as saying it's rank as one of science They are best characters and some of the best "twists" I've ever seen. Although I love all kinds of genres and movies, when it comes to movies in the human psyche, it really does not get better then Here's this movie.
