David Mamet wrote the scenario and made his debut with "House of Games," a full-bodied psychological study, in which a psychiatrist has attracted to the dark world of the trustworthy game. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful business and has written a best selling novel, 'Driving.' Still, it is a bit dissatisfied with his own personal life; There is a blank that it neither defines nor resolves, and it primes its vulnerability. When a patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein), confessed him during a session that he must have big money in some gambling, and that they're going to kill him if he does not pay, he decides to intervene on his name. This takes it to the house of games, a little dive where he meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic man who wastes no time before his envy in his world. Instead of the great 'twenty-five great' Billy claimed he was due, Mike showed his books, and it seems to be eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to wipe the slate clean, if he will agree to make him one simple favor, involving a card game he went to in the back room. In the middle of a big hand, Mike will leave the room for a few minutes; while it is gone, his job is to look for the 'one of the other players. At that time, not only Margaret, but the audience, as well, is trendy. The dialogue, with the unique Mamet style and the precise cadence with which his actors deliver their lines, is mesmerizing. As Mike leads Margaret into his compelling, surreal domain of existence, and introduces it to the intricacies of the game, we are swept right along with him. From what first memorable encounter, when he demonstrates what a 'say' is and how it works, in the lessons of the 'short hinges', the biggest stunning of this movie, Mamet holds the hook will and a emergency that is relentless. And there is nothing that it looks like. In the end, Margaret learns a tough lesson about life and human nature, and about himself. It changed; and whether it's for the best is open to speculation. Mantegna is absolutely riveting in this movie; It lends each nuance possible to a complex character that must be able to lead you to the shadow and make. Crouse also turns into an outstanding performance here; You feel rigid, timely-rigidly roaming that is calm, self-assured self-assurance, and when its experiences with Mike induce changes in it, it makes you feel how deeply it has penetrated. It makes you believe it is capable of what it does, and make you understand it, as well. The dynamic supporting jet includes Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Walsh (Businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). "House of Games" is the Excellence Mamet; He has written and directed a number of high-caliber and movie plays since, and will no doubt be our favor and more in the future. But this movie will be one that defines it; and you can go to the dictionary and watch it. You'll find it under 'Perfection'. 'This is one big movie you do not want to miss. I miss this 10/10.
