I really do not know what people have against this movie, but it's definitely one of my favorites. He does not preach, he's not anchored by his moral, he should not be controversial. It's just God. Any possible God, no religion. And it's really fun. <br /> Jim Carry plays Bruce Nolan, a TV reporter usually stuck on the lighter side of the news, desperate to prove himself (more or less of himself) that he can take seriously and perform a good job at a job cast ink. This drive is what is slowly driving her cute girlfriend Grace (Jennifer Aniston) away. When the final cabbage is executed, it's quick for not laughing but calling to God's face, which in turn gives his power to bruce. Bruce then made his life better for himself, until he was guilty of helping others, where he then continued to miss the point of his power. Meanwhile, her constant stimulation on her own life makes her more selfish, leaving her relationship on dangerous land. <br /> OK, that was a long way. But as a scheme, it works well. Step-by-Step mode where we encounter challenges for God is better than clustering its problems together, and it can hide itself fairly well. As you probably know of hearing about this movie in the first place, Carrey's perfect pitch is the character (which, looking enough, is it), and controls and gives atmosphere to the movie scene by stage. If it is admitted or not, the role has been written or rewritten only for Carrey. Without it, the humor would turn flat, as humor is half execution. And the humor is very good in the first place. But without Carrey, it might feel like it's a wonderful life. Jennifer Aniston is great, and no matter what some say, does not act like the only excuse for the third act. At least, you do not think when you see it. He gives a sincere performance and makes you forget to watch a movie, and Carrey feels so much like a real couple. The movie feels ggooooodd (see the movie to understand), has a very nice feel, tackles the idea accordingly and better than expected and in general should never have been called slotted together just for save for Carrey's career (which has not gone anywhere.)
