Start: Jim Carrey, Morgan Freeman, Jennifer Anniston I was really very uncertain the first time I watched this movie. I mean, what is a conceptual NIGHTMARE. Jim Carrey playing God? There is nothing sacred yet .. Well, this film is hardly sacred, but it is also not sacrilegious, at least not in any big limit. Yes, Jim Carrey has the power of God for a while but not God. Confused? I'll give you the bottom of the low. <br /> Jim Carrey plays Bruce Nolan, a reporter who is down on his luck and feels much unsuccessful with his life. He lives with his beloved girlfriend, Grace (Anniston), and you can say right off the bat that they love each other, but the relationship is on fairly ground to worry. Then Bruce gets a shot of anchorman, only has it anbahandedly stolen by Evan Baxter. Obviously, Bruce shares his thoughts with the world of the TV in a way that is funny and definitely worthy of getting him shot. Many people complain and grip on God later, Bruce gets a page. After a while she gets tired of calling, so she responds to the Omni Presents (heh) building. There he meets God (Freeman), who is the Boss, Electric, and Janitor of the building. I found this very fun. God is the Boss, the Holy Spirit is the electric, and Jesus Christ is the Janitor. Think about it. Boss, obviously. Electric, the guy who keeps everything running. Janitor, the guy who clears up the mess that the world has left. BRILLIANT ..... Anyway, Bruce is a little uncertain about having actually met God, but when God gives Bruce power, he gives him a shot of God, and begins to believe in a bit . Ask why. Enter aboriginal abuse of power for personal gain and abuse of the enemy. Since this is Hollywood, Bruce obviously eventually smartens up, learns his lesson, and begins using his power for the good of the world. At the end he cries out for God to take it away and pray that he will do, by Bruce. Since it is Jim Carrey, the movie is quite fun, and there are definitely some very fun moments in it. The film is not perfect ideology, but for Hollywood, it's definitely a good attempt. Many statements in the film may well be provoked and even difficult, and I applaud Tom Shadyac for his efforts in this film. <br /> So while far from perfect, definitely a popcorn entertaining movie with a little bit of thought behind it. <br /> <br /> Under Line: 3.5 out of 4 (worth a view or two)
