That's a good episode of the Twilight New Zone that actually includes interesting ideas and intelligent stories (I remember both of them based on short stories). "Test Days" is set in the future, unknown years but at a point where there are candles lit candles, large-screen television-watching "phones" are dual as many other fun and distributed cars only to those of one age Certainly. On Test Day, a 12-year-old point must undergo a government-led IQ test. The kid is this story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) is just celebrating her 12th birthday and being a smart kid, so calm, even eager to take the test that he saw friends pass easily and know she will shine in based on her school classes. His parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment), on the other hand, said he should not use his birthday wishes to get a good score, and for the reason they believe he could and should Do not be worried, it's very clear they are worried. I will not give anything away from the finish, but I'll say this - there is a point where we get a glimpse of what's coming as far away from mom why the test is like a heavy topic: evening (or another?) Her parents asked Dickie if she would prefer watching TV all night. By today's standards, we would be happy that he would rather prefer it and not just because nothing is worth watching ... but why would his family ask that? The taste of what is promoted and discouraged in the future reminds me a bit of the atmosphere from Harrison Bergenon (which I heard was not getting a big screen adaptation). I just want to have been able to give an opening and closing narratives to make this theme as powerful as the Lost Man. I found it to be much better than the short story it was based on. I have not read the one that "A message from charity" was based, but would have liked to have since been interesting - a 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill) suffers a fever from clean water , which has always been common in her hometown of Massachusetts ... but she is able to see in the eyes of a Puritan woman suffering from the same type of fever, Charity Payne, (Kerry Noonann) who also finds herself unable to experience what goes on around li. They both recover, especially since it's common to this in 1985, but the connection does not go away. Charity is curious about the sights and sounds it records in 1985 and each enjoys each other's company, especially Peter, who has been promoting classes at school enough to always have felt isolated from other students, even at the college he lives in one place. Things take an unexpected turn, though, when charity reveals some of the experiences of a friend who claims that the 13 colonies are being violated from England as a sign of alterations, adding to the fact that he killed death from fever (not so common in 1700). The two try to learn a way to save it. The sad finish but there is an exciting moment that makes it touch. Both segments of this episode include a lot of pain but both times, through a lesson that sounds like something Sterling Rod has cooked up with entertainment, happily watching as reminders as friendship, love, and good Understanding makes a great deal. Probably 3/4 in this there are no terms, but somehow I think it would all be approved by the Sterling crew.
