This series puts one year after the mission of the movie Stargate Abydos. He explains a lot of things that the movie neglected to mention. Like, how did Stargate activate without a human computer? Where did Goa'uld (Ra's race) come from? How many are they? The first episode of a retired Jack O'Neill (Spelled and 2 Ls) was recalled by active duty by General George Hammond due to an attack by closing the Stargate from Apophis, a powerful Goa'uld who killed four men and kidnapped one woman. We meet Samantha Carter, a brilliant scientist who claims he should go to the Stargate for the first time, and is determined to go on now. We find that Daniel was married to Abydos, and there are hundreds of addresses of the Gate that they can call. Then Daniel's wife was captured by Apophis and became his new queen. It continues in the second episode where General Hammond announces the SGC's training including nine teams, in which Jack's team will be SG-1 including Jack, Samantha and Daniel. They go to Chulak, a homeworld Goa'uld to save Daniel's wife and another captured in Abydos called Ska'ra. They get captured, and as Apophis ordered to kill with many other prisoners, a Jaffa named Teal'c, First Prime of Apophis, saved them and went to earth with them, where he was part of SG-1. <br /> <br /> That was just the beginning of the adventure. In the course of the shows they went to the past and in the future, they were transported into alternate reality, swapping bodies, grown old, met foreign races including a rebellious alliance in Goa'uld called the Tok'ra, In which Samantha's father will become a member, Asgard, a wonderful little race in which we see Thor more often (he's Jack's friend) and avoid global disasters by the skin at times to countless countless. <br /> <br /> The show has recently been canceled but lasted ten seasons. In the new season, a new enemy called the Ori has come to flaunting new brand new dangers, branding and bringing into the new light mystery surrounding the Stargate and its creators, the former. The nine and ten episodes also saw the introduction of two new characters, Ben Browder as Cameron Mitchell, the new leader SG-1 and Claudia Black as Vala MalDoran, a female from another world that brings a new sense of fun to team la. <br /> <br /> Very well-produced, exciting characters, fantastic effects and a subtle love interest between Samantha and Jack, this one has it all. A different way of traveling the galaxy, with different types of adventures, this is one show you do not want to miss. Unlock the gate and step. You will not regret it!
