Jim Carrey is back in the same role as he plays in the Mask, a shy guy who tries to get ahead of the world, but that seems to be plagued with bad luck. Even when trying to help a homeless guy from being harassed by a bunch of hoodlums (and of course having to be Mexican, obviously), his good will be going towards his partner. In that case, it was not too difficult to predict that it was about to have a handful of angry hoodlums, but I like that the movie suggests that things like that should not be ignored. I remember in the brilliant Michael Moore episode of the awful truth, when they had a man lying on the sidewalk and pretending to die and see who would actually stop and make sure he was okay. The results were not very promising, so it's nice to see someone in the movies wearing a good example. Jim Carrey plays part of Bruce Nolan, the beautiful guy mentioned above whose life seems to be falling apart. Or even better, it seems to break up in the blows of bad luck as an asteroid entering the atmosphere (a little metaphor that comes up when Bruce Miraculously finds himself a gigantic news story later in the movie). Bruce is almost 40 years old and all she has to show for her is a position as a news reporter of the sort that reports the interesting news as the local bakery is looking to cook the world's largest cookies. She's desperate to get the job of staring at the TV station, but she loses her cold on TV live when she hears that the work went to his rival colleague. You have to love how time the revelation of this news is him seconds before his first live report. Obviously, he loses his temper on TV live in one of the funniest scenes of the entire movie. Morgan Freeman delivers a fantastic performance as the person himself, displaying an infinite wisdom God somewhat reflected through Freeman's massive talent as an actor. It is the kind of God who takes his job very seriously, but in a way to counsel his followers (as well as the viewers of this film) that there are times when you need to slow down and do some manual work in life. I love her line that some of the happiest people in the world come home to the high sky at the end of the day. There are many people in the world (perhaps more than our share of America) that are so absorbed their money and their goods and their jobs and everything that they are completely losing their earnings and the natural side themselves as people. > <br /> One of the biggest forces is that the movie is able to provide great advice to people in general on improving their lives, and this message is clear and acceptable regardless of the viewer's religion. I, for example, tend to reject religious organizations in every form and I see God and Satan must be metaphor for different aspects of nature and human psychology rather than actual figures that have ever lived or survived. But despite the fact that I do not believe that God exists as an entity supervising the universe or as a janitor dressed all in white that burst the floors of his downtown office in his spare time, I could appreciate the messages being delivered in this film a. <br /> Jim Carrey's movies show this fantastic evolution that links them all together and make them even more look even better just because you can see how far it came. If you compare Bruce's hosts and movies like Ace Ventura (both I love, by the way) or a lot of what he did before he went into film, it's amazing how far he came. He moved from comedian comedy television comedy comedy movie that is really intelligent and meaningful to this film as well as others like The Truman Show, Man on the Moon, and the Majestic (easy one of his biggest films ever) . Jim Carrey has squirrel moved from the cheese comedy of his past to become one of the most important comic actors working today. Jennifer Aniston also once again provided an excellent addition to the movie (as she did in the side-splitting space space) as Bruce's girlfriend, who became increasingly exasperated by Bruce The growing stress on her life as well as neglecting her asks her to marry her. There are definitely some low-fringe comedy in the movie that does not really fit with the importance of the movie's significance or the quality of delivery, such as the dog reading the newspaper on the toilet and the whole monkey scene, but it was definitely Beautiful to see Ace Ventura's friends Spike make a comic appearance. As Stephen King knows very well, it's always nice to see familiar characters. It's almost like seeing families again. Bruce is endowed with God's power over a period of time so he can understand life a bit better, and he says so much about himself when he uses power only for his own rather than helping everyone who prays him. Things I like about this is that, as I have said before, religion is absent in my life, but I could watch this and learn a lot about myself as well by thinking about what kind of things I would have making I was endowed with these powers. The movie allows us to learn vicariously in this way, which strengthens the message even more. Scenes involving the news station are easily funniest in the entire movie, such as the scene when Bruce loses his tempers on the ink cast position, the Jimmy Hoffa scene (who was well buried with an original birth certificate and a series full of dental records), scene where Bruce's rival colleague has gone off black on camera, with my favorites, the ones at the beginning and end of which involve cooking the local bakery. The film has a lot of time for Carrey to deliver some excellent jokes, such as when it says God (which reveals that he is the janitor, the proprietor, the electrician, etc.) that his Christmas party must be real bash, and be careful about drinking, because on her might need a ride home! I also loved the end when he said that behind every big man is a woman rolling his eyes. A little too true, and as Gallagher would add, behind every great man is also a mother-in-law foreclosure. <br /> <br /> Bruce Almighty is one of the most memorable comedies that came out for quite a while, and is probably the only religious direct that I can remember to see that I'm worried to buy about DVD to add to my personal collection. It is a comedy written and designed to good taste, but with humor relatively low-fronts keep children entertained. This is a meaningful comedy for the whole family, which is becoming more rarely and rarely these days. In a world that is about to be beaten and yet another American Pie film and another scary movie (which is frightening only because they are absolute idiocrates), it's nice to see that there are still people who make comedies worth seeing. Do not miss this one.
