Given the title, this first follow up to QUARTET (1948) obviously reduces the number of W. Somerset Maugham's history of the movie. The author always turns up to present the episodes, but there is no epilog this time around; By the way, while the script in the original Cappadocia gave credit to R.C. Sheriff, here Maugham himself also lets a hand in the adaptation, as well as Noel Langley (though it's unclear if they contribute one segment each or others worked in unison). As expected, many of QUARTET's crews were kept for the second tranche - though this also extended to at least three cast members, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-Blan and Felix Aylmer (the last two had a bit of bit the episode from QUARTET called the "Lady Colonel"). While TRIO finally appears to be a success less than its predecessor (slightly unbalanced in the third story that takes more than half the running time), it still does with the utmost care, acted and verveted by a cast stellar and it is solidly enjoyable in the bargain. <br /> <br /> The "Verger" says in a church sexton (James Hayter) - for which title the story is another word - who was dismissed after 17 years of service by the new parish priest (Michael Hordern ) simply because it's sick. Rather than resting on his laurels, despite his age, he not only took a wife (his owner, played by Kathleen Harrison), but opened a tobacco shop strategically set in a long stretch of road where there is no such service offers - and, with business flourishing, this is developing into a whole chain. The last scene, then sees him paying a visit to Felix Aylmer's bank manager who, not only is he surprised at Hayter's education, but is prompted to ask him what his other interests - rich (and respected ) tobacconist replies, with some irony measures, that he had to call to be an angry! The second episode, "The Knowledge-All", is the shortest, but also perhaps the most committed to: a trip to the sea is utterly beleaguered by the dreadful presence of a young man firefighter (Nigel Patrick), British despite his alien name-sounding in Kelada, who professes to be an authority on virtually every subject under the sun. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are two passengers who have set up with him the most - the latter because he shares a cabin with the man and the former in looking at Patrick's attention to his sweet wife (Anne Crawford) . During a fancy-party party, however, passengers decided to adopt 'revenge' on Kelada by having one of them imitating him (a gesture that he naturally does not appreciate); Still, it's here that his controversy shows a decent side of his character - said by Crawford that the necklace he brought is an imitation, Wayne's challenge to Patrick's name it price ... but the letter immediately realized that it's item The genuine and this would compromise Crawford's position if he said, so Kelada allowed himself to be public ridiculous rather than exposing the fact that the woman probably had a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As you can also deduce from the title, "Sanatorium" deals with the myriad patients in such a place - run by Andrew 'Morell; The protagonist is a new internal, Roland Culver, who swistfully observed various go-on. The narrative, in fact, affirms in particular three separate sections of the draw - one comic (the "feud" between the two long-lived residents of the Sanatorium, played by Finlay Currie and Jan Laurie), one melodramatic (relationship in an irregular patient patient Raymond Huntley and long suffering but dedicated to wife Betty Ann Davies) with one bite (romance between naive, but charming Jean Simmons and superb setting Michael Rennie who, in spite of having pretty much everything against her includes the fact that Morell was diagnosed with Simmons as a 'lifer' while Rennie only has a few years left, leading the couple on the altar).
