I saw a trailer for this on Afro Promo, the collection of film trailer for the African-American movies. It looked like it was; a very trendy "comic" comedy in which a black man man realizes that his son is gay. It would seem that Miss Redd Foxx (RF) left him for his brother, who worked with him in the "store" back to Phoenix. He took the bus to visit his son Norman is Los Angeles. So, as RF arrives, Norman, wearing nothing but powder bikini powder button, gets out of his waterbed to answer the door. Try to buy time by making senior dad and taking the stairs to what appears on the 60th floor, Norman tries to wake his lover, who firmly refused to budge. It was just the point where I wrote "WHY WILL NOT WAKE?" when suddenly he does, and I and my friends jaw fall for the first of many times as we present and first glimpse our blue-eyed, Garson's swirl-growth, the Norman-lively white-lover, who just "Was there more of faaaaaabulous dreams?" Garson is a trembling queen of a kind that can only be imagined as emerging from the 1976. He has to dress with a purse and big clunky jewelry, and seems to have model both look ', it's character on Carol Brady from the brady bunch. > <br /> Norman orders his lover to find elsewhere to stay during his father's visit. Garson goes live with Waylon Flowers, and Mrs. responds to the phone when Norman calls. <br /> So RF tries to reach his wife in Mexico. While it is on the phone, Garson comes in to pack his clothes and RF meets him. With a burst of 70s soul music means to evoke revelations dawning it (but sounding more like we're about to hear a very special track of the emotions), he realizes that his son is gay. First impulse is "I'm going to kill him, I'll kill him." Then RF goes to a long walk, where he or she suggests all the thoughts of a confused parent can have, like "maybe our toilet trains it too early." His thoughts are all triggered by something he sees on his market, for example a truck driver burly appears as it is gaze what makes a real man. Surprisingly, she goes to a bookstore and buys about eight books about homosexuality. This, he must be said, is about eight more books about homosexuality than my parents bought. He then goes straight to a park bench and its all! <br /> <br /> RF then employees Audrey, a six-foot Amazon whore (in this amazing furry stuff) played by Tamara Dobson in Cleopatra Jones. She hired her for Norman to try out heterosexuality, but she pisses Norman and she storms out to stay with his friends tunes. Then Garson came over and offered to take RF out for the night. She commiserates the loss of the RF wife, and tells the story of her own mother, who harbors an irrational prejudice against Pilippinos because she was molested in a luau. They go on a long-featured performance on Wayon and Madam, who ends up in Ms. violating herself against the piano until her hair becomes loose. Once more, the lips were agitated. So it seems that, would not just know it, RF and Garson have a wonderful evening together! You see, unusual, traditional older black people just have to see fancy, highly-sophisticated entertainment in mega-queens in order to become around the gay world has to offer! It's really just that simple! This still does not prevent RF from calling "Rape!" when Garson wakes him out of a bad dream. It ends less predictable than you would think. <br /> <br /> There was a lot that was just there. What is the base of Norman and Garson relationships? They do not seem to have any reports, and Norman does not calm down on Garkon's kicking out, and even when he comes around standing for himself, he never defends Garson or talks about their relationships. There were some kind of touching gently sometimes like RF going to buy all those books about homosexuality - ?? and sit down right on the bench of its park! I love the idea that a parent would actually try to find something out of homosexuality, rather than just running to get drunk or comerate with his friends. <br /> <br /> Other than that, it's kind of just what it looks like: a little relic in a vintage era, an era of which some gay people thought that if just people right just sat down and watch a performance marionette performance, we all can learn to love and understand each other! And because of all the naiveté of this, the extreme stereotypes and message-packed dialogues just come in as charmingly outdated, and provide a great deal of grist for discussion on how things have changed for gays in the past 30 years them. I guess the only thing that seems to be offensive is the idea that girl friend gays are desperately in love with them, and they want to get them drunk in order to sleep with, and by converting extensions. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br/> Hey, check out Cinema de Merde, my website about bad movies and cheese (and a few good movies thrown in). You can find the URL in my email address above.
