Made after QUARTET, TRIO has continued quality in the earlier movie versions of the short stories by Maugham. Here are the three stories of the VERGER, MR. KNOW-IT-ALL, and SANITORIUM. The first two are funny (the VERGER is like a protracted joke, but one has a good pay-off), and the most severe (such as health problems involve). Again the author presents the film and stories. James Hayter, soon to have his signature role as Samuel Pickwick, is the hero of the VERGER. He holds this small guardian-type work in a church, but the new Kire (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When she heard Hayter there was no fire she fired. Hayter has saved some money, so saying to his wife (Kathleen Harrison) she likes to buy a small news and tobacco store. He has a good eye, and his store thrives. Soon it has a whole chain of stores. When his offspring was leaned by Hordern, the letter surprised his prosperous vigil for him. The payment is when bank manager Felix Aylmer meets with Hayter on diversifying his investment. I'll let it in you hear the unwitting coda but ironic at the meeting. <br /> According to Maugham he met a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on a cruise. At MR. KNOWN-IT-ALL Kelada is a splashy, friendly, and slightly overbearing kind from the Middle East who is on a business trip (regarding jewelry) by steamship. His state-owned Mate is Gray Gray (all-time quiet and inappropriate Wilfred Hyde-White) is a bit, silently disapproving in Max. Max likes these anime things, and soon is heavily involved in the boat's amusement. At this point the story actually looks like part of the plot of the story by Maugham and the film CHINA SEAS (1935), as Max makes a bet that he can say a real piece of jewelry from a fake (after insisting a piece of jewelry that is spotted is real). I will not describe the way Max woke up on the occasion. <br /> <br /> SANITORIUM is the longest segment. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (the fictional change-month of Maugham - a writer and one time spyware like Hitchcock's AJANS SECRET). Here he has to use a sanitary for a couple of months for his health. He found a remarkable crew of people, including Jean Simmons as a fragile but beautiful girl, Finlay Currie as an irascible Scotsman, John Laurie as a second irresponsible Scotsman who is "in war" with Currie, Raymond Huntley as a patient quiet that only shows his internal anger in his situation when his wife shows, and Michael Rennie as a young man who has a seriously life-threatening illness. Culver watches as three stories among these characters to play from their conclusions. The last, dealing with Simmons and Rennie, is ironic but deeply moved. It was a dandy follow-up at QUARTET in earlier, and well worth watching.
