This review includes crowds who are not aware of the details of the true story about which movie is based. The right to be presumed "innocent until proven guilty" is a basic right of anyone in a civilized society; but according to Fred Schepisi's followers, but sadly convincing of a famous Australian murder case, he was not awarded Lindy Chamberlain, accused of killing his baby. The story suggests that innocence was easy (a dingo was supposed to have taken it), but those who meant guilty even more so, and there was no solid evidence against it. But the Australian public has been transfixed by the possibility of its guilt, and the deeply religious Chamberlains appear to climb when appearing in the media (and the media themselves, of course, were nothing but innocent in this process). So although authorized by an initial initial, they were later prosecuted and convicted. Although Chamberlain was eventually released, this only blames the discovery of new proofs "proven" innocent, something no defendants should have to produce. <br /> <br /> 'A cry in the dark' quite acted at all, especially by Meryl Streep, who puts on an Australian convincing accent (at least this Pom's ear) and managed to keep Lindy sympathetic (us ) while still conveying how he managed to become a national hatred figure. The scenes where it actually is imprisoned are simple but heartbreaking, because we believe in the characters as real. <br /> Regardless of the accuracy of painting it in this story (something I can not comment on), the largest theme of this movie will be the original ring true to anyone having a knowledge of the British folk popularity and habits its cruelty to appeal directly to the lesser readers' instinct readers. No legal system will ever be perfect; but the current scream against asylum seekers in British contemporary tabloid from exactly the same pit of evil as the voices that put Lindy Chamberlain away. I'm not a religious man, but the Bible still has some bloodthirsty lines (if you will excuse the pun). "Judging by Judgment" is one of them.
