"Somebody's wrong is often a man who left something abandoned, not always someone who did something." - Emperor Marcus Aurelius <br /> <br /> The DVD release of "Look at the Rhine" could not come at a better time. It restores us a great Lillian Hellman playing stirringly adapts to the screen by Dashiell Hammett (audience Hellman Bernard F. Dick affirms his paternity). He presented a subtle performance by Bette Davis, who took a high role submission after becoming a queen of workhorse at Warner Bros. Likewise, he reminds us that the Second World War had a purpose. Sure, you say, as we need it. We heard Cary Grant sermonizing the "Destination Tokyo" (1943) about Japanese boy and Bushido knives. We watched jackboots stomp the hills living in the "sound of music" (1965). We made an England tour which was occupied by the German "It happened here" (1966). But the truth says, we still need the message spread. <br /> I have a 81-year-old friend who curse Franklin Roosevelt regularly. He feels that FDR connives the US in a foreign battle we did not need, and thereby caused the death of his favorite cousins. He was promoted by his demonization of allied and trivializing leaders of War Two by Patrick Buchanan. The political crush was freshly released a hefty fat book and detailed research that claims that Adolf Hitler would have no more threat to Poland, Europe, or the world if only the Reich Third was released the Free City of Gdansk in 1939. Buchanan maintains that if these selfish Poles were not confronted by the Nazis, the craze of Britain's digression and foreign jurisdiction France, no war would have swallowed the West. He believes that without the rigors of Total War, no one in Germany would have built fuel gates to provide a final solution to the Jewish problem. <br /> <br /> Some comments on this site feel that "Look" sags below the weight of propaganda stale. Maybe. However, neither my friend nor Pat Buchanan seemed to have the movie point: Some people hurt and kill the land of others, goods and freedoms; These people dominate the Axis powers and "enough" did not appear in the vocabulary. <br /> <br /> Paul Lukas deserved the Oscar. He and Bette Davis put forward the passionate fascination of the painters of refugees who fought their oppressors. They provide emotional punch in the intellectual case to leave the lines, actively facing down torturers and murderers. Bernard Dick noted that Hellman did not handle Lukas as a person since he remained apolitical. Of course, as a Hungarian he first saw Bela Kun's blood "dictatorship of the proletariat" to replace an empire outmoded and then topple the Admiral Horthy right wing tyranny .. <br /> In a wonderful candle role added In play by Hammett, Henry Daniell sardonically depicts a Wehrmacht officer in the class who damaged the brown shirts he served. Phili von Ramme he would doubtless stand with Marshal Rommel's garden in 1944 during the plot in July 20th against Hitler. In April 1940, however, he pragmatically abates the Nazi cause, although it insults the Mr Beller "Butcher" and the Aristocrat's theatrical Theatrical Brancovis attempting to pervert information about an underground leader. <br /> <br /> Teck, a stiff and possible pig, wants cash and a visa to return to Europe where he can resume the shreds of a life that has come endlessly with the Empire-Crush War of Major and Bigger in the world depression economic depression. He has no political convictions, no scruples about trading a fighter plane for his own tomorrow. Mercury theater graduate George Coulouris lends this old burning-cinema movie to a corner of desperate threats. Lucille Watson gives vinnality vitality to the thrilling man's hostesses, an old-fashioned gallery that knows his ideas and gets it's way - but does not fully appreciate his children and their accomplishments outside the house he controls. He and his pallid office-bastard belong to the American version of the Ramme's privilege and privileged Brancovis' style. However, this family did not see ruin and never will. They're paying the money that could be in silence to advance that simply does not oppose it. <br /> <br /> This mother and son can easily make choices that would reflect this compliance towards National Socialists and Fascists who flourish today at my friendship and authority in Buchanan. "Look at the Rhine" has a lookout period maintenance. Her dialogue reflects her erudite backgrounds on the scene rather than sounding fresh from the streets. But Hellman and Hammett's films have power-based gut. Hearing still needs to be heard and listening to his appeal in the arms against the relentless grabber on the market.
