I saw this film several times, and watch it today (about TCM) only because of Geraldine Fitzgerald. He is a very underrated actress and I admit I had a break on it since I first saw it (probably in "Wuthering Heights" 40 or more years ago). The real star of this movie, however, is Paul Lukas, and deserves all the hugs he has received. It makes it clear, if we love it or not, which at the end justifies their means. The Nazis had to stop, and all that helped make it good. He gave his child a line about being bad, and that would not be bad, but as he said earlier when talking to adults, he would do this sort of thing again without hesitation. Lukas gave an excellent portrayal of a man who was kept in this situation, and made it clear that what he did was something very difficult to do. Some people think their victim was a Nazi, but I do not think - I think it was only after the money. Nazi associates knew it and therefore did not have much to use for it. An interesting point in the movie, and presumably also in the play, is the fact that Muller (Lucas) is a German. While the anti-German immigrant at WWI was not repeated in WWII, there were considerable anti-German sentiments and some Germans were interrupted just like what happened in California with the Japanese ancestors. It was something of an act of courage for Hellman to write a good German play at the moment (maybe he thought they were the ones who signed the Nazi-Soviet Pak!). After all, the U.S. and the British when the Germans were bombing German and with no recklessness about killing innocent civilians. I think, however, that the bombing of Dresden and Firestorm came later, after "Watch on the Rhine" was released. <br /> <br /> The title is something of a play about words, as the "look" looks west, from Germany. In fact, Look at the Rhine was a German army market - used in WWII, but the Nazis had their own song campaign being used as well. But Muller is a German and he is engaged in his own "Wach am Rhein". All other actors have made an excellent job here; although Bodo had too many children like her. I wonder he did not give her father away. In real life, it can be very well done.
