Making of the thief in Baghdad is quite a story in itself, almost as beautiful as the story said in this film. Alexander Korda almost went off to make this film. <br /> According to the Citadel Film Film site on the Great British Films, adopted the son of the United Kingdom Alexander Korda became pregnant this movie as early as 1933 and spends years of planning and preparation. But the Second World War unfortunately kept with Korda and the mounting costs of filming a grand spectacle. <br /> <br /> Budget expenditures came to US films too, only Cecil B. DeMille still had a free hand in Paramount after 1932 when he returned. But DeMille nor any of his contemporary Americans have been worried about enemy bombs while firing the movie. Part of the way in the shoot, Korda transports the whole company in America and shoots these sequences with Rex Ingram as the genius of our Grand Canyon. It certainly was not going to get such scenery as in the UK. Corda also finished the Interiors in Hollywood, the ever-ending for Christmas Day 1940 release. The spectacle of the Thing Touch of Baghdad of Baghdad Card Academy Award nomination with three Oscars for Best Color Cinematography, Best Art & Direction for a Movie color, and best special effects. Only the original music Miklos Rosza did not take a prize in a nomination category. Korda must have been really happy about deciding to shoot at the Grand Canyon because it is impossible to get bad color pictures from this place. <br /> <br /> The special effects however do not cover the simple story of good triumph over evil. The good is two young lovers John Justin and Jun Duprez and the evil is Conrad Veidt as the magician who tries to steal both a kingdom and a heart, both belonging to Duprez. This was Veidt's career until Casablanca where he played the biggest Stroesser Luftwaffe. <br /> <br /> Of course good gets a little help in an easy source. Beggar boy and robber Sabu who could be very well being one of those who could call himself at the time of an international movie star. Literally rising out of poverty working as a stable elephant boy for the Maharajah in Mysore was spotted by Alexander Korda who needs a native lead for one of his forestry features. Sabu captures the innocence and mischievousness of youth as he accomplished the Arabian Navy fantasy of the boy who tamped a tyrant. It's not a bad message that must be sent out in 1940. The thief in Baghdad holds up considerably well today. It is an eternal story of love, romance, and adventure in any order you want to put it.
