The storyline of the "thief in Baghdad" is complex, due to its being said in flashback and having three separate sections and equally importantly woven together. Scenario by Lajo Biros and the dialogue by Miles Malleson kept the story moving skillfully at every point. Young Ahmad's in Baghdad is angry at Jaffar's visage to execute someone for different ideas. He discovered while in disguise that he blames him for Jaffar's affair and hates him. He was imprisoned by Jaffar, where he met the Abu young thief. Escape from and take a boat in the city of Basra. Have their spy comrades when people clear the way for no going to see the princess in the city than by. Ahmad fell in love with her and visited her in her garden. He told him he came out of time and got a kiss. Then he was captured. When Jaffar comes to win the princess in Basra for himself, Ahmad attacks the wrong evil that blinds him and turns Abu into a dog. Jaffar then asked for the Princess's hand, and gave the gift of a Sultan flying horse to Basra. Ahmad's blindness then tells his story in the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. The Prince falls into a sleep and nothing can wake him. So Jaffar sent his servant Halima to Ahmad and the dog, hoping that the prince could raise him up. She woke her up. She has a boat to find a doctor for healing Ahmad, but she was captured by Jaffar who then launched the dog. He then allowed Jaffar to take him in his arms, on his promise to restore Ahmad's back and turn Abu back to a thief. The Princess sees a vision of Ahmad; it is in a boat; Jaffar sent a storm to prevent him, and Abu is wrecked on a desert island. Abu finds a genius or harness who wants to kill him now that he is free after many centuries than imprisoned in a bottle. His abu tricks proved he really came from a small container, then corks him in again. To free her, she gets three wishes. Her first is for sausage. At the time, the princess struggled with his father to refuse Jaffar; but Jaffar shows the Sultan a new mechanical game, one of which has six arms elongated to death. Abu makes a second wish, finding Ahmad. The cunning technique flying it into the goddess of all-seeing the eye. Abu raised a great website to get to the gem that is the eye, fighting a giant spider, then climbing the goddess of the goddess. Abu gazes at the 'eye' and sees Ahmad in a canyon. He has the genius to take him to Ahmad. Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess. It smells a flower and forget everything at once. Abu wanted to be in Baghdad, but laughed laughing with leaves; Jaffar tells the princess that he is in love with him, omitting the mention of Ahmad. Ahmad tries to fight his way to the princess, but Jaffar breaks the 'eye'. Abu finds himself in the "Land of Legends", where the old men are ruling to make him king. He steals a bow and a magic carpet and night instead of hurrying to save Ahmad and the Princess. The thief came in time to save the young king from the executive, using his bow from the flying carpet, to the wonder of the crowd who came to see the execution. Jaffar tries to run over the mechanical flying horse, but another shot from the bow to finish it. Ahmad is ruler again and plans to marry her princess; But when she tries to make Abu his vizier, the young thief refuses, saying that he wants to be adventure, does not work hard and incarcerates in a palace however grand can. This fantastic story has provided a rich production of producer Alexander Korda. The production was performed by Vincent Korda who was also art director, while Georges Perinal made the colorful cinema. Director credits are Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, with Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda participating. Extraordinary and many costume designs have worked as John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. The production, apart from its gorgeous and inexpensive gorgeous visuals, I claim is dominated by two other elements, the choir music of Miklos Rozsa and the performance by Conrad Veidt as the evil Jaffar. Rex Ingram plays the genius with a curious accent, its more usual intelligence and power. Jen Duprez is beautiful and effective as Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halima, with Miles Malleson a well-suited and sultan blockbuster. As Ahmad, Jan Justin appears most of what can be done with a young ruler of love and then some; It is memorably good in its role. This film has a spaciousness on it that has been found, I assert, also in other Korda works. Its imaginative content stands in contrast to highly-fortunately realistic, costume and wear-design elements. This is one of the most memorable mind-level ghosts of all time, deserving to be enjoying over and over.
