- The movie tells the story of a masterpiece whose life is wonderful, but after an evil wizard tells him to go into disguised cities as a wizard's wizard then locks up the prince and soon becomes master of shadow in Baghdad. prison custody meets a thief called Abu who helps him escape the prison and head in a town called Basra where he meets a princess who he falls madly in love with, but he does not know his jafa wizard is also in love and the princess and try to persuade his father to allow him to marry him. Jafa soon learns that the prince is trying to win the hearts of girls to make him blind and turn to Abu in a dog. This leads to the chief and Abu going on an adventure to find a way to defeat Jafa, restore peace to Baghdad and to marry the princess. During their trip, they encounter everything from sarkosi Genies that take Abu on a flight to the clouds, a giant spider who is really hungry, and a flying horse that probably gives birth to one of the most beautiful sequel The adult I've ever seen. <br /> This is an early fantasy movie from start to finish it has flown horse engineering, flying carpets, and assistants that can actually do magic instead of just hit people with their sticks. It does not have time to cheesy and the love story is not a waste of time. The production drawings are just stunning in this movie. From the palaces of different dangerous traps that heroes encounter. Though this film is over 40 years old, the production design is far better than most of the crap that gets mad at today's cinema. Music and songs are well done. Anyone who sees it will no doubt hail, "I want to be a marin navigating on the seas" as one of the great musical moments of the movie. I'm usually not a big fan of the movie since I find them as enjoyable as my tax, but I'll be more than happy to make an exception for this movie. <br /> <br /> What sells the movie for me is the sheer fact that you get to see things you do not see in everyday life that is the same reason why I like stuff like "Two Towers" and "Silent Hill ". The way in which today's modern fantasy film has come together with the realistic CGI we have had this movie that blows your head without having any green screen scattered all over the place. One of my favorite shots in "De Towers" is one where we see trolls opening the Black Gate, the main appeal of this shot so I saw these great fantasy doing what essentially manual work, and what I love about the engineering and other animals in the movie. They're just having to try to make a living just like everyone else who gives them a real feel though they're all just fantasy beings. <br /> <br /> It's literally impossible to watch this movie and not notice where the singers of "Aladdin" got their inspiration. These characters from these films are pretty much the same characters in that movie from the start of the run down to the flying carpet. It's not a whole thing bad in my eyes since it's good to know that I'm not the only one on the planet who has a deep passionate love for this amazing movie. First, I saw that as a kid of the paternity and thought it was the biggest thing in the world and about watching it again last week I still think it's amazing. This is a true addict that a great movie can withstand in the test of time. Sure, the effects looked a bit obsolete and cheeseweight, but he did back home in the 40's so give it a break. Not everything seems outdated even though most of the stuff can still keep its own today when examined under today's standards. <br /> <br /> If you ever want to see a live action version of "Aladdin" then you should get your wish with this but crazy bunch of cynic will probably be good at avoiding this as soon as will not be the cups of tea.
