The story of the boy thief in Baghdad (as it was once spell) attracted filmmakers from Raoul Walsh in 1924, who starred Douglas Fairbanks at first, silently, rendering of "thieves in Baghdad," less imposed, most recent attempts. The best, however, remains the 1940 version that for its time was a thrilling, panoply magic of special quality head specialties. Those effects still work their charms. <br /> No less than six directors are listed for the teknicolor film that starred Sabu as the boy thief, Abu, John Justin as the love hated Monarch, Ahmad and Jun Duprez as the beautiful princess sought by Ahmad and pursued by the evil evil, Jaffar, played by Conrad Veidt disaster. The genius giant genius has acted by Rex Ingram. Ahmad is deceitful by Jaffar and later arrested by the treacherous serpent, he and the boy, Abu, suffer from what is clearly inappropriate destiny. Ahmad gets blind and Abu gets a lovable martyr. The adventures of brilliantly decorated Hollywood are fun, but the special effects make this movie work. The men were responsible for everything from a magic carpet flying the gigant genius that pops out of a bottle with a tornado-like black swirl: Lawrence W. Butler and Tom Howard. (Howard, incidentally, made special effects for the 1961 version of this film. Both people had long and distinct careers in wizardry techniques.) Duprez is pretty much while screaming for serious acts. Ahmad project Justin's a romanticism drive, but in dreams he does not erotic. Sabu is really the central actor in many scenes and is very good. For a movie means for children as well as adults there is a fair amount of violence, but of blood type. Still, I do not think anyone under eight should see "thief in Baghdad." This film makes television appearances on TV, but today my teenage son and I have seen it in a theater and quite a few young ones present. It was great to see computer kids in the children in a affiliate community responding with cheers and applause to the special effects that should look like primitive. <br /> <br /> "Thief in Baghdad" is a classic Hollywood pre-war from a time when strong production values ​​often cause unlucky and important releases. This is one of its best quality. <br /> <br /> 9/10.
