A lovely movie, one of a handful of I've seen when young people are attacking me then and still doing, in the case of stealing the impression actually seems to get better and spend time. By my 90s daughter and I've seen it many times on TV but still went to the pictures when it came to the local art-cinema ?? when he finished we came out star eyed with full head of poetry and music vibrant Miklos Rozsa that would have lasted a couple of hours longer and thought what a wonderful world he suddenly was again. <br /> <br /> Idealistic Prince Ahmad wants his slumber among his people for a while to check things out, but evil Vizier Jaffar takes his chance in his prison and seizes the throne. After escaping with a little thief playing by Sabu, Ahmad spotted a princess and fell blindingly in love ?? On the road they have many adventures (although apparently not enough for Sabu!) and love not only conquering, but to cancel everything. Special effects should be fascinating in 1940, but Time has taken it and reduces the impact especially since digital cartoonery has taken on even live action ?? but they still hold well compared to film like Superman from 40 years later. Anyway, if I ask to stop the disbelief of gigfawing guffawing genius, flying horses and carpets I suspect disbelief in perfect special effects! Favorite Bits: Dreams of Dreams at the Sunshine Garden When Ahmad reveals himself with the Adelaide Hall decently romantic song; The stunning colors of the legendary land of legend ?? In fact, the stunning colors of all; Sabu and Rozsa are triumphant but still complete the final cure. Conrad Veidt played the baddie of two of the incredible movie romance ever, this and Casablanca, and then die. Jan Justin and Jun Duprez were great in the leading roles of lovers, both of them a little and refreshing tranquility, but the parts did not call for a big set of emotions: only pure love. a couple of violent images in it, but rest assured this is a wonderful glorious experience with a 100% positive message, it's just a pity that nowadays children do not watch this instead of pornography. One of my top 10 movie favorites, I can not recommend this too much ?? it can be shown at the end of time.
