Mario Lanza, of course, is the "Caruso of Great" in this 1951 film also starring Ann Blyth, Dorothy Kirsten, Eduard Franz and Ludwig Donath. This is a highly fictional biography of the legendary, world-renowned tenor whose name is even today. The film is opulently produced, and the music is glorious and beautiful singing by Lanza, Kirsten, Judmila Novotna, Blanche Thebom, and other opera stars that appeared in the movie. If you are a purist, see people on stage scenes during Sextet from "Lucia" will hit you as odd - though Caruso's wife Dorothy just had a baby girl. Also it is very easy that Caruso ever sings Edgardo in Lucia; The role lies too high for him. <br /> In taking dramatic licenses, the script leaves some very dramatic parts of Caruso's life. What was so remarkable about him is that he actually created the role of today's opera in the standard repertoire, yet this never mentioned in the movie. These roles include Maurizio of Adriana Lecouvreur and Dick Johnson of "Girls of the Golden West," There is a famous photograph of her posing with a leaf wrapped around her like a toga. The reason for this picture? Her only shirt was in the laundry. He was one of the pioneers of recorded music and had a long partnership with the Victor Talk-Machine Company (later RCA Victor). He sang Jose of Carmen in San Francisco overnight in the earthquake. Instead, the MGM story fundamentally killed him on stage during a performance in Mat, which never happened. He had a thunderstorm during "L'Elisir d'amore" at the Met and could not finish the performance; He only sang three times more in the Met, his last role as Eleazar in La Juive. What killed him? The same thing was killed Valentino - Peritonitis. His first role in the Met was not Radames of Aida, as stated in the film, but the Duke of Rigoletto. So when it says on the screen "suggested by Dorothy Caruso's biography of her husband," that's what she was - suggests. What is true is that Dorothy's father discovered her after her marriage, and left her $ 1 in her massive estate. They also had a daughter Gloria together (who died at the age of 79 on 10/7/2007). However, Caruso had four other children by a mistress before he married Dorothy. Some people say that Lanza's voice is remarkably like Caruso, but just listening to Caruso singing in the movie "Match Point" - Caruso's voice is remarkably unlike the Lanza. In fact, from his sound, he wanted, Caruso could sing as a baritone. He thought they had some issues with high scores, more evidence of supportive baritone; and the role he had prepared when he died was Othello, a dramatic tenor role, which Lanza definitely did not. Voice of Lanza deserves to be compared to another. He has made a unique contribution to film history, popularizing operational music. He sings the music of the "Great Caruso" with a robust energy; It is really here at the peak of what might be a short career. Acting it is natural and genuine. Ann Blyth is beautiful like Dorothy and gets a little bit of a song. <br /> <br /> Really a movie for opera lovers and fans Lanza, which is probably one of the same.
