I bought the DVD in front of Sunset and saw it for the first time a week ago. Having seen it twice, I can not help but miss before Sunrise, not because the end was not as great, but I felt that these two movies filled up with each other as there was nothing else to do, Every time I finish watching one of them, I feel like I want and the desire to see the other. So I ended up spending weeks watching both of them repeatedly, I'll be quite annoyed to mention how many times exactly. The most remarkable thing about Before Sunrise is how you feel the development of the feelings of the characters towards each other. It sounds simple, growing in chemistry, I think that other romantic films might think that they succeed in following the development, but I - who do not believe in Nora Ephron - Before Sunrise is the first movie that really gives the viewers the chance to feel it. When I saw it for the first time, about 8 years ago when I was 20, I already liked it. But I did not miss it as a "big movie", he always seems to me as another movie smiling, Linklater was too smart to make it more realistic, it was 10 minutes too long, the characters were too Well fabricated, I thought I loved it because it was such a dream and because I enjoyed the conversations, etc. But now, thanks to Sunset, I feel that's more before Sunrise than I felt it before. I saw the elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, Conversations, Everything. How each of them is separate components, and have a mixed chance, the story is just a frame of time, I do not feel again manipulated. And the freedom that every scene has, as well as its refusal to be overly effective, how blind I was that these qualities did not hit me as outstanding when I first saw it! Now, 8 years have passed, the more movies I've seen, the more I realize that many cinemas are the only collection of scenes ordered that only exist for the sake of its completion, even movies such as Pulp Fiction or The Linklaters's own Slackers included. The story of Jesse and Celine avoids, perhaps Before Sunset is a better example of this case, but before Sunrise is also one of some films that it ends is just a long time, not a destination, every single scene has its own life read them. I do not know if Linklater or anyone else had an end to yourself when they did before Sunrise, but I, one of the most amazing things about these sequels are how the two visions movie contrary to each other other. Before Sunrise that I think employees more static angel and quick bright colors, seem to try the youngest atoms in the living surrounding Jesse and Celine, the world is still full of hope if the characters feel it. Meanwhile, I went into the vision of boredom as Jesse stuck talking to the journalists in front of Sunset, and Celine's first smile from behind the shelves is the most heartbreaking smile I saw at the beginning of a movie, with lots of shots moving after taking me to a place I do not know with a sadness at me, no matter how nice Paris is, and no matter how happy I am to meet again. I'm sorry to go over this long and limited English, before Sunrise is already an extraordinary movie I poured my spinning thinking, and it gets even better with an equally great follow-up.
