When I saw this movie in the theater when it came out in 1995 through a free screening, I was totally enchanted and would be happy to pay to see it. I was sorry when I talked to many people who also saw it and were totally disappointed with it and how it ended. I, on the other hand, felt completely opposed. I was totally satisfied with the result and everything else. The people I told them had had too much talk! Plus they were happy because they felt that the ending let you ask about the fate of the two characters. I have found these observations to be absurd and also to be painful evidence of how the majority of the American film-going public seems to have a tendency to want easy-to-follow stories in films that are not too many complex and intelligent dialogue to get confused . They also love to spoon-eat nice endings - happy or sad. That's my disgust. Nobody wants to challenge again ??? And as the ending (and I do not want them a beck), I'm totally content because I know in my heart that these two characters will see each other again. It's all about your own personal trust in romance and destiny. It's a very personal movie that does not speak to everyone. But he certainly spoke to me. Give it a chance! Be patient with it! Richard Linklater has fabricated a very beautiful movie with a series of beautiful stories against the beautiful background of the city of Vienna. Watching it makes you feel as if you yourself are wandering through the city streets along with the characters. As if you yourself were tripping to Europe on an Eurail pass. It's very intimate. Plus, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy perform an exquisite work to bring the complex script into life. They must have been some time and work well. They have a great chemistry in their role. Unfortunately as foreigners become acquainted with each other at the beginning very credible and you can really feel the romance and bonding developed between them as the movie progresses. I found out that this was a very personal job for Mr Linklater and I deeply respected her for finding this movie. It definitely touches me and I hope it touches others as much. Bravo for romance !!!
