I managed to hold a late night dare last night at "Before Sunrise" (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004), and saw both films in a row, without really having the chance to catch my breath between or meditate on the meaning of each film separately. After sleeping over, I must say that I prefer the elderly to the letter, and I must explain why. Before Sunrise introduces us and then young actress, Ethan Hawke (Reality Bites, Poet Dead Society), only 25 at the time of release of the movie; and Julie Delpy (Three Colors Trilogy), then 26 (although looking younger). He is an American writer writer, planting Europe after breaking down with his girlfriend; He is a young French student, on his way home in Paris. They meet on the Budapest-Vienna train and spontaneously decided to get to the train simultaneously. Two people are deeply spiritual and intellectual than spend a whole night together walking their streets very well captured in Vienna, exchanging ideals and thinking and gradually falling on love. The movie has 1990 written all over it: back then, technology has taken rapidly, the new millennium with all its hopes and dreams has been waiting just around the corner, with young adults as shown in the movie was filled with love of life and passion for the future. The characters of Jesse (Hawke) and Celine (Delpy), with all the flaws and inconsistencies (Celine's accent, whether by mistake or on purpose, were half Americans half French, and swing from one spectrum to the other, breaking character the credibility), was a mirror at the time. Watching the couple of naive swallows of life with these senses and excitement, acting all scratches and boyfriends again managed to have the audience fall for them as well, that's really made this movie work for me. The fact that the director does not let you know if the relationships will continue after the movie or do not make it even more worthwhile. Sunrise is a tour of dreams of the city's landscapes in Vienna, a well-said romantic appointment appointment, and a movie I will definitely return to for more insight sometime in the future.
