After a chance to meet at the train, a young couple spend a single nights balancing the streets of Vienna, discussing life and love. The main reason to see "Before Sunrise," is to watch a young Julie Delpy deliver its line. As "Celine", this sexy, brainy, soulfully brown-eyed blonde is sort of cross between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell as they were in mid-twenty. Risking overstatement, Celine is practically the ideal woman, very beautiful and very feminine while being natural, unpretentious, introspective, and selflessly loved. We can easily forgive that it is a little unique and speaks a blue track, for its sense, smart remarks occasionally penetrate. Further, its varied expressions have nothing short of captivating and speak English with a very attractive accent. <br /> If there is a fly in the smell of this movie good, it should make it decomposition and clutter to costar. Ethan Hawke as "Jessie" comes as a vaguely vicious slave, sort of a Maynard G. Krebs in the nineties. Try to appear detached and nonchalant, he sort of shooter himself in certain shots. His pants fit badly, his tee shirt is coming untucked, his heavy-haired hair (its most attractive features) needs a good wash, and someone really should have to show him how to properly cut young juvenile li. But he is supposed to represent a young man without water in a two-week train ride in Europe, so looking at it has been cultivated is probably very genuine. His often-cynical observation and sense of humor seem to impress Celine unapologetically romantic, although it is occasionally disturbed by the boundaries of his alienation. When he finally admits he is very sick in himself and his love was close to him because he feels like someone different in his presence, we know he's getting somewhere. <br /> After blaming their collective money on a range of cafes, bars, and various comics, they agree that because they can never see each other again, they should do the most. Jesse bums a bottle of red wine in a sentimental bartender so that she and her new lady love can be repaired at a local park at night lying on the grass, looking at the moon and the stars and watching the sun come up. <br /> <br /> Give her unlimited chance to the romantic department, it is especially jumpy when Jessie, as the very definition of a naive jerk, crazy just lets this beautiful girl slip out of his hands. She's in mind with a half-cooked cookie, quickly invented at the railroad station when it was bid to adieu, meeting at the same place in half a year. When the time comes set, you just know this beautiful and unusual girl will be involved with another, maybe even getting pregnant. For whatever reason, it probably will not show, while Jesse, which ends up working at target or (if it's lucky) the local library, will go back to Vienna, desperate to see it again, only to wind up for against it. /> <br /> Despite that for me a very discouraged conclusion, "Before Sunrise" is a beautiful movie. I highly recommend both her and the end, "Before Sunset."
