Many of the critics on this thread seem to choose a comparison of this movie with the "Dead Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to complement the chosen films, but the similarity to "The Dead Storm" and "Look at Reindeer" are clearly the refugee issues threatened by the Nazi juggernaut, while the main comparative point is carried out with "Casablanca" unjust treatment at Humphrey Bogart in 1943 by the Academy of Art Movement and Science Art, because they chose Paul Lukas instead of the best Actor Oscar. It does not hit me as totally wrong. Lukas had a good career in film (both here and in England - it is the villain of the "Ladyish Vanishes"), and this performance was his best one. Bogart had more performance at him than Rick Blaine (for example, he was ignored for Sam Spade at "Falcon of Maltese" and Roy Earle in "Sierra High" two years earlier, both of which was the first performance rate, and he's not would find an Oscar for his greatest performances as Fred C. Dobbs in the "Treasury of Sierra Madres", the suspect writer / murder of "In a Single Place", and Captain Philip Francis Queeg of "The Mutiny Caine" He then received it for Charley in the "African Queen"). I think Bogie should have it for the role of Dobbs, but it did not happen. But Lukas was lucky - he got it on the defining performance of his younger career. Some can claim that. For my movie in the watch and "Watch on the Rhine" based on another play / script by Hellman, the "Wind Research". They both look at America's spirit of isolationism in the 1920s and 1930s. The "Wind Winding" is really looking at the whole-war period, while "Look at the Rhine", set in the years just Our entry procedure in World War II, deals with a few weeks of time. Therefore, it is best constructed as a play, and more important for its impact. The film has many good performances, led by Lukas as exhausted, but determines anti-Nazi fighters / courier, Davis as her loyal wife (wisely keeping her character as low as possible due to Lukas being smell of the play activity), Coulouris as selfish, convincing, but ultimately crazy and effective teck, Lucille Watson as the mom of Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (like Coulouris' earlier and sadly with fed wife), and Kurt Katch, who delivers a criticized devastating (as chief of the local Gestapo Embassy) on Coulouris and others who would deal with the Nazis. He had dialogue and bite into it. And what it says is quite true. She also had poetry moments near. Witnessing the scene, towards the end, when Coulouris remained alone with Lukas and Davis, and said, "The New World has left the scene in the Old World". Hellman was able to write very well at times. <br /> <br /> Given the strength of the script and performance movie I would like to have this movie many among the world's second film.
