Before Sunrise is romance for the slacker generation. Richard Linklater's romantic story is an offbeat saying in a dream come true for most people. The film depicts romance in its glory, but without any of the pitfalls that arise most couples; and in the short film is about two people who have a relationship in such close close to perfection as relationship will ever happen - with one problem, the problem time. While most wind turbines down and time, this one keeps going strong while it's time for itself is the only thing that wears out. Before Sunrise is certainly not the typical sentiment of 'Hollywood Romance', which is another aspect that puts this film front ahead of the pretenders. The story follows two people, Isaiah; an American and Celine; a French girl who meets a train in Vienna. They immediately connected, and after telling her terrible idea for a TV show and almost getting off the train, Jesse asks Celine to join him for the day in the picturesque town of Vienna ... works primarily for two reasons - realistic Act with an immense script that builds the characters in their thoughts and feelings and thus allows us to get to know them as we make the people in real life. This allows the characters to be free, and it's easy to believe that these are real people and not just actors working in a script. This also allows us to feel for the characters for whom they are, and not just because they are the protagonists. This kind of realism is difficult to take like, at the end of the day, we as the audience know that they are watching a movie and not observing real life; but before Sunrise represents one of the reality of life exposure to realism ever to be seen on screen. A really great script can not work on its own, and it needs a great actor to deliver it to an extent that makes it justice, and although I'm not a fan of either Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke; To watch this movie, there is nothing you can do, but give them both respect. I do not know if they were in character or just play themselves, but when a movie is good; it hardly matters. In a movie like this, it is the writing that is the most important thing, and contained in the script are several observations about life, most of which I personally could relate to. This represents Richard Linklater achieved with this script as it is not just creating and building the characters, but it also manages to expose what is true love, along with several other aspects of life. The fact that not all the anecdotes is my relationships personally represent the brightest in writing. Everyone is different, and so different parts of the script will appeal to different people. There could be some aspect of one person who loved one and another hatred; and is in the case with the musings of this script. Adding to the beauty of the movie is the city of Vienna. The city itself is not really important in the movie as this is a story that might have taken place just about anywhere - but it does for some beautiful and optimistic visuals, energetic romance that flowers around the movie matched by the beauty where. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise is beautiful and captivating. Richard Linklater has created something rare in the world of movies; a film that captures beauty of life without ever going on the head or being overly sensitive. Before Sunrise is what it is. And what it is, is bright pure cinnamon.
