Lillian Hellman, one of America's most famous women drama, was a woman with a mission. His opinion of the Gochis was not well considered at the time of the country. In his memoirs, he recounts his visit to the Soviet Union, as he was intrigued by the so-called success achieved by this system. "Look at the Rhine" must have come as a result of these two years. The left wing of America, as the whole world had a problem with the increase in fascism, not only in Europe, but also in Japan. <br /> <br /> "Look at the Rhine" was a game produced on Broadway eight months before Pearl Harbor attacks by the Japanese. In it Madame Hellman announced America's entry into World War II. The adaptation is credited to Ms. Hellman and Dashiell Hammett, his time companion. As directed for the screen by Herman Shumlin, the film was well received when it premiered in 1943. <br /> <br /> We are introduced to the Muller family, when the movie opens. They cross the border in the United States of Mexico. They must continue in Mrs. Muller's home in Washington, D.C., where her mother, Fanny Farrelly, is a celebrity hostess minor. The Mullers, we realize they are saving Europe because of the persecution against opponents in advance of the totalitarian regime in Germany. In fact, we thought, in a way, the Mullers could better justify if they were Jewish, running out of an extermination extermination. <br /> We found that Mr. Muller had a terrible time in his native land, as well as elsewhere because his outspokenness denounced Fascim. Little does he know he is coming to his mother-in-law home which is one of the most exponents in this philosophy. The movie offers excellent acting around. It's a curiosity piece because of Bette Davis' support role. Paul Lukas, repeating his Broadway role, is quite convinced as Kurt Muller, the righteous man who wants to make a better world for himself and his family. Mr Lukas did a great job of showing Kurt Muller, repeating the role that made him a lightweight stage on Broadway. <br /> <br /> The other best performance is not Lucile Watson, who plays Fanny Farrelly, the matriarch of this family. Geraldine Fitzgerald saw this as Marthe de Brancovis, a guest at Farrellys, married and got rid of Teck de Brancovis, a Nazi compatriot, played by George Coulouris. Beulah Bondi, Donald Woods, and the rest of the support provided good performance guided by Mr. Shumlin. The film should serve as a reminder of the harm to totalitarian rule, no matter where.
