When I found the movie in the schedule for Christmas, its titles were not familiar to me since I had not read the novel and did not hear anything about the movie. But, she read the content, I decided to spend my Christmas Eve on watching the movie. The effect surprised me totally: I do not remember when I last saw a movie in which every moment involved me. A VOW to CHERISH is, without any doubt, one of the movies that now constitutes a real surprise I've received from movies. Here are some arguments in me why I consider this movie a very subtle piece of good movies. <br /> First, the entire content is particularly educational. It has something to offer in the modern audience - good faith right and some answers to universal questions. Is there a need for Christ in our day? Is Love Still Trouble? What Is Faith? What are the logic of burden and suffering in life? Is there really someone around me I can always trust? The film gives the answers to the content since all that happens in the characters can be as good as any of us. <br /> <br /> Second, the movie is exceptional human. The main characters experience inner struggle and deal with decisions very difficult. Is it best for Kyle David Denman and Teri (Megan Paul) to start their own life and to forget the family or keep the values ​​taught at home? Is it best for John (Ken Howard) to leave Ellen (Barbara Babcock), his sick wife, and start a new happy life with Julia (Donna Bullock), a woman in love? In fact, Ellen does not recognize her ... but she decides the eternal FIFE promise. There was John's rebel brother, Phil (D. David Morin), best to go on his easy life although he did not bring him satisfaction or once began to think seriously in his life. Phil's prayer of God in the Park is a psychological mastery of universal aspects of humanity. These words might be as good as everyone does not matter where, when or how to live. Third, the film is a great family painting, not very popular nowadays: there are problems, yet, there is always something more powerful that gets these people together. This "something" is love and trust. I know that it may seem a little idealist. Not all families can count on loyalty and may not be as simple as that. But it is a very educative aspect and a realistic one. Fourth, the movie all focuses on the humanitarian aid. If we want to live a happy life in our society, we must understand one thing: we must help each other. Alexander (Ossie Davis) is an example of these attitudes. At the beginning of the film, we see him talking to John about praying. Later she helped her brother. Alexander is an "angel" kind of sentence to John and his family. Is it not possible that we can become angels with one another? <br /> <br /> Fifth, the artistic features are also worth attention. PERFORMANCE: Barbara Babcock provides an authentic performance as Ellen and although she has a tough role, she does a perfect job. Consider, for example, the moment she looks at the school and seriously wants to teach again. Ken Howard is also memorable as the faithful husband. PICTURE: Most memorable for me was the scene of John and Ellen in the park walking on the fallen leaves (autumn) while the sun (love) spread everywhere. I interpreted as a sort of symbol: though sad, it may still be illuminated by light and joy ... <br /> <br /> A vow for darling is a wonderful movie that really showed me that It means love, what loyalty is as well it once again proves to me how beautiful it is to live and believe. In the end, I would like to cite the deepest words in the movie I've gotten touched and hope you will also make Kyle his uncle Phil: Yes, it (John Brighton) lives according to the Bible. But nobody is forced to do that. But, according to what rules do you live?
