I'll tell you a story in the summer of 1994. A friend and I went to a Canada concert in Barrie, and was a person in the head of Canadian bands at the age. We were there about 4am, wait in the lane most of the morning, and when the doors were open at 9am, we were in the middle of the first gateway. We then waited and waited in the warm sun, slowly briling but we did not care, because themselves were among our favorites. At one point, early in the afternoon, I sat down and destroyed off and returned to the barrier. I woke up my shock and dismay by a shrieking girl wearing a rheostatics T-shirt. This is the reason I hated the rheostatics of that day. There is nothing reasonable, no taste-determined, nor really anything except the clouds. Snotty at me, is not it? So I, in my hatred of the band, was denied myself having fun playing Whale Music. <br /> <br /> Desmond Howl has it all. It's hard to say that he's lost, since he lives in a fantastic castle peaked between the sea and the mountains (BC region where the film was shot is breathtaking). The life most of us dream of disassembling by dreams, ghosts, and his past, until the day a criminal break of ... and, as it sounds, breaks it out. Cinema suffers from various problems. Generally, a lack of money, as well as an obnoxious lack of demand for help (as if somehow the feature would stop Canadian) leads to lower output value than American or British films, and most people do not like to watch anything that sounds or looks, well, not like an American movie. And Canadian screens often seem so caught up in being weird that they lose sight of how to tell a good story, and say it well. Third, they seem to think that gratuitous nudity (often full-time) does something artistic. I am sure anyone watching enough Canadian movies, especially late at night on the CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's almost like a "do not" manual exists outside of a Canadian movie-maker's place out of it a long time ago. In the 90's with them, however, some films (such as Bruce McDonald's and the brilliant CRAZY) broke this mold, and managed to keep up the Canadians, while maintaining the value of suitcase production and great history. Music Candle is like a movie, on the surface. Deeper than its just Canadian-isms, it is a deeply moving story of a man who lost his grip, mourning and overthrowing, who is rescued in music then does not like. And that's even rheostatic scratches. :)
