Charming does not even begin to describe "Saving Grace;" it's absolutely irresistible! Anyone who ventures into this movie will leave with the high spirits (haha). Grace Trevethyn (Brenda Blethyn) had just lost her husband, but her problem is about to get a whole lot worse. Her goddess left her with no money and outstanding debt. Faced with losing everything, he found a way to get a lot of cash ... fast! It becomes an idea when his field, Matthew (Craig Ferguson) asks the town's most famous city-articologist to give him advice on a plant he is secretly growing. Grace immediately realized that her plant is marijuana, so they decided to use her gardening skills to grow a lot of top-quality weed, and then sell it to pay her outstanding debt. About "Saving Grace" is its similarity. Each character is very sympathetic, and, save for the first 20 minutes or so, the movie is no longer good cheer. Everyone wants a happy ending for everyone, though that means turning a blind eye into some rather illegal activities. The act is top-notch. Brenda Blethyn is one of Britain's most beautiful actresses, and here is why. It turns out that could be a caricature of someone completely living and breathing. She is a beautiful lady, but she's not stupid. Craig Ferguson is equally friendly as Matthew. It's a deadbeat loser, but it's so logical that it does not matter. The rest of the cast ensemble fits in this category as well, but special mention will have to go to Tcheky Caryo. The French actress still has an aura of threats on her, and who suits him well but also has great comedy skills. Nigel Cole finds the perfect tune for "Saving Grace." It's all about the charm. One of my problems with British humor is that all the energy seems to be pouring out of the movie. Not so here. The movie is quite likable and always fun. This does not mean that "Saving Grace" is just a likable movie that will leave you with a grin and a good mood. While this movie is not an out and out comedy, it boasts two or three scenes that have nothing short of hysteria. <br /> If there's any problem with the movie, it's that the climax is a bit confusing. Questions are answered though, and the finish has a lot of unexpected twists. <br /> <br /> See "Saving Grace," especially when you're having a bad day.
