"Emma" was a product of what could be called the First Great Jane Austen Cycle in the mid-nineties, and was recently featured on British television, undoubtedly because of the interest of the author created by Second Great Jane Austen Cycle which began with "pride and prejudice" two years ago. We currently feature the Austin Biopsy Cinema "Become Jane," and ITV has recently produced three television-based Austen novels. These include "Northanger Abbey", the sole of the six major novels has not been filmed, so the cycle should now be completed. No doubt, however, there will be more coming in the near future. (It's true, after all, its juvenile "Love and Freindship" (sic), Novella's short "Lady Susan", and somebody, somewhere, have an end to supplying his endeavors of finishing the "The Watsons" and "Sanditon". there are all those Austen churned out by modern writers ??????). The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from an aristocratic family of Regency England. (Not, as some reviews were supposed to be, Victorian England - Austen was killed before Queen Victoria was even born). Emma is, financially, considerably better than most heroine heroines like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny's Prix, and she does not need to find herself a wealthy husband. Instead, her primary focus seems to be her husband for her friends. She convinced her friend Harriet to turn a marriage proposal into a young farmer, Robert Martin, who believes Harriet should put his sights on former Mr Elton minister. This scheme goes without bad drug, however, as Elton has no interest in Harriet, but he fell in love with Emma himself. The speed with which Emma rejected her proposal made one wonder just why she was so keen to match her friends and a man she considered (with good reason) as an unparalleled marriage partner for herself. This is a plot of Jane Austen, Emma turns out to be less than a spinster than she looks, and she finds herself falling in love, leading to more hassle. Emma always insists that she will not marry without affection, and when she finds a partner, Mr Knightley's handsome, we feel that this will indeed be an affectionate marriage. It does not, however, seems likely to be a very passionate one (unlike, say, that of Elizabeth Bennett and Mr Darcy). Knightley, who sixteen years older than Emma (she is 21, she is 37), and related to her by marriage, is more like a father dad than a lover. Most of a father's father, in fact, passes his actual father, an old hypochondrium and old selfishness who looks more like his grandfather. When Emma is rude her friend unbearably garrulous and tiring Miss Bates, she is Knightley who chides her for her lack of behavior. (His name is probably meant to indicate gentleman's gentleman-ninth century gentlemanly love to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of medieval knights and their elaborate ropes). Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play their party very well, but this is not really one of the great screen romance. <br /> <br /> In the other characters, I liked Juliet Stephenson's transplant to Mrs Elton and Harriet Toni Collette. I know that in the Harriet novel was a teenager naive teenager, whereas here she is more like the Collette character played in the "Muriel's wedding" - a gauche, a little over too twentysomething, fretting her chance to find a man . But I felt that this characterization worked well in the movie context and was not detected in their Austen theme. <br /> <br /> "Emma" is one of the more light-hearted Austen's works, without the darker helmets of "Mansfield Park" or even "pride and prejudice", and this is reflected on the screen. We see a world of beauty and grace, full of eternal homes and elegant costumes and fine manners. Aside from the ruffianly skirts, who make a very short appearance, only "poor" those people we see to Mrs Bates and her daughter and, as they live in the picturesque rose-strewn cottage charity that today would change but for more than £ 500,000, we can ensure that poverty is relative, not absolute. In Emma's world, poverty is defined as not having your own home or floor. This is, of course, not a complete picture of early nineteenth-century life, but nobody claimed Austen as the equivalent of Regency in a realistic kitchen-shaft. Sophisticated romantic comedy, combined with a keen eye to analyzing human characters, was more in line with it. <br /> I would not rate this movie quite as very as the 1994 "Sense and Sensibility" or the latest "Pride and Prejudice" - it tends to sift somewhere in the middle, although it has a strong and strong beginning finished - but it is, in the main, a very enjoyable Austen adaptation. 7/10
