Romance is in the air and love is in bloom of Victorian era England, in this light-hearted story against a society at a time in which the behaviors were always in vogue, the ladies were charming and elegant, and the guys superbly. 'Emma,' based on the novel by Jane Austen and written for the screen and directed by Douglas McGrath, the beautiful star Gwyneth Paltrow in the title role. A self-appointed matchmaker, Emma takes great pleasure in romantic notions in cupid play and tries to scare up people he feels to be adhering to each other. Coming to a successful match that ended in marriage, she next sinks her on finding a mate for her friend, Harriet (Toni Collette), but the result of her initial attempt proves to be less than satisfied. Meanwhile, its initiative tempered by the Knightley gentleman (Jeremy Northam), whose headline affects the heart often seems to be a bit more crafty than the Emma, ​​and lending some necessary balance to the procedures . And Emma, ​​so concerned with what is good for others, neglects the heart that is actually the most important of all: its own. The world goes round and loves abundance, but Emma is over missing the ship. Luckily, however, it is a fair person to wait for the wings. Now, if he can but stop long enough to realize it. But as all those who know true love know, the affairs of the heart can go good or evil at a time, depending on this slightest thing; and while romance is on hand for Emma, ​​he must first recognize it, and wonder the moment. McGrath has manufactured and delivers a delightful, feel-movie film that is like a breath of fresh air in our often turbulent world. There may be a time of frivolity on it, but in retrospect, this story deals with something that is perhaps the most important thing to have - at all honesty - just about anyone: Love. With McGrath's impeccable sense of pace and timing, it all plays out here in a way that is entirely fun and enjoyable. It is a beautiful, affecting film, and a wonderful cast, which successfully transports the viewer at another time and elsewhere. It's light, but absorbed fare; and the picturesque surroundings and procedures offer a sense of wellness and calm that allow you to immerse yourself in it and simply go with the sink. The winsome Paltrow, who won the Oscar for Best Actress for 'Shakespeare in Love' two years after doing this one, seems comfortable and right at home in this genre. It features all these British, and does it with these natural and establishment that it's the kind of performance that is easy to take for granted or neglected altogether. It's simply so good at what it does and makes it look so easy. He had a charisma screen presence and an endearing way, very reminiscent of Audrey Hepburn. But Paltrow is unique. As an actor, he has a wide range of style and has demonstrated - with the films such as' Hard Eight, '' Silent 'and `A Perfect Murder' - that he can play just about any part effectively, with which personal touches that performs any role it plays its own. But it's with characters like Emma that it's really bright. She is so expressive and open, and her personality is so engaged, that she's someone who she's easy to relate to just a joy to look, regardless of the party she's playing. And for Emma, ​​it is absolutely perfect. <br /> Jeremy Northam also acquired himself very well in Knightley's role, and like Paltrow, looks suited to the genre - in the right role, that is; His performance at the `` Golden Bowl ', in which he played an Italian Prince, was less than satisfied. Here, however, it is perfect; She is beautiful, and brings herself in a way that makes Knightley credible and very real. Like Mr Darcy Colin Firth in the Mineseries 'Pride and Prejudice,' Northam has created a memorable character with his own Mr. Knightley. <br /> <br /> Also excellent in supporting the role and worthy mention of Toni Collette, as Emma's Friend Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming, as Reverend Elton. Respectfully, Collette and Cumming create the character that is very real, and as such becomes a vital advantage to the overall success of this film. And it demonstrates just how many valuable players are supporting them in the world of the cinema, and the movie of any genre. The Thrust Throw includes Greta Scacchi (Madam Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Mr. Woodhouse), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Madam Goddard), Law Phyllida (Madam Bates), Polly Walker (Jane Fairfax) and Ewan McGregor (Frank Churchill). A film, elegant film, 'Emma' is a reminder of civilized behavior and value of kindness and grace in a world too often busy and unpleasant. And even though it's only in the magic of the silver screen, it's nice to be able to escape in such a world like this, if only for a couple of hours, as it meets the need for renewed confidence in the human spirit. And that's magic in the movies. I miss this one 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
