Having seen CUBE, I was a fan of Vincenzo Natali's work. Natalie seems to have this inept ability to take a storyline, and hardly twist her as a wet towel for all the scenarios it can get. Instead, it allows the stories themselves to unfold in natural ways, much in fact, that you can in fact believe that this cube was attempting to escape, or in the case, there is not a big empty space there is nothing! The announcement made me wired immediately. It seemed that simple! Take two characters that do not have one love, and send them to a world where there is nothing. This Natalie is so simply that you forget the logic that a place where nothing can not exist. In fact, the world of nothing has become something of an irony in the movie. There is nothing there, but also 'something' there. <br /> It might be a good time to point out that the trailer is very misleading. I was fortunate enough to actually understand that the film leaned to one side more comedy than the trailer otherwise said. Therefore, on watching the movie, I laugh every now and again, whereas someone who is deceiving the ad can find themselves completely confused. <br /> If I can take a minute to film in some praise, where the movies are excelling about is the concept. It is a genius concept to have a world of nothing, and to put two characters there, NOT a brilliant minded person, who will be philosophy and work out the settings, but two idioms that have absolutely no sign as hell they are! Another strong point is movies in the movie, though at first this may not seem like it! Where every wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down is just a white plane, a perception of depth becomes defective. It is difficult to determine where things are put into the Mis-En-Scene. The camera has plenty of time where this happens, but for the most part, the camera is set so that two characters, or an object with a character placed in the background and background, allowing a sense of depth to be achieved . /> <br /> However, this movie is missing in some areas. The film is relatively short, but even so, after a while the gift in this world of nothing gets rather dull, and you want to find some form of resolution of the plot. We can also argue that the act is once again questionable. These two characters in a sense, unlikeable, therefore, we feel we have no sympathy at any point for these characters. However, on one side flip through that, the chemistry and friendship between the two characters looks quite real, but there is something missing. Even so, I made this rank as a movie quite enjoyable! Do not let the trailer dig you into thinking this is another movie-fiction movie support. It is more of a comedy than that! It is true worth to look though, purely for the concept itself!
