Director Vincenzo Natali first showed him for characters based on sci-fi flicks and his short film 1997 "Elevated", where 3 people stay trapped in an elevator while unseen monsters roam the building. His follow-up "Cube" project, later published this year, had a very similar quote, this time with 6 people and instead of an elevator it was a vast expansion in preventing dead bodies of corpses. Both admirable attempts to take the sci-fi test a step further, by deliberately declining show almost any visual stimulation, choose instead to spend as many times as possible focus on the human element, how characters act, react and communicate under incomprehensible and harmful conditions. After his exploration of the main and the 2002 "Cypher", Natalia has come back to his rare movie-tale character to bring us "Nothing", his latest, and by far more optimistic and comic taking over worlds The wide cinematic of "What Is It?" Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are long-standing friends, brought along with a mutual detachment of society and a lack of anyone else to be with them. Dave, who has always been prevented by a selfish and somewhat dimwitted nature, lives free of charge with Andrew in his ill-located and ill-constructed home, where he often takes advantage of Andrew's neurotic and antisocial mentality. Despite all of these, the two misfits are happy together, until one day their default character's faults, coupled with some bad astronomy odds, are in the middle of some very serious, prison-prison-deserved issues. On top of this, they discovered that their homes were judged to be incompetent for existence and are scheduled to be demolished before sunset, so in vain, the nightmare panic of everything will be wrong for them, they want the whole world to be just disappear. And it does. <br /> <br /> Going any further with the Summary would compromise a lot of slow down the movie (occasionally too slowly) to reveal about what happened to Dave and Andrew, and how to deal with their new reality. Natalia's passion and studying human behavior under duress (ala the birds) are here in shades, but simply do not make the main characters but rather aliens, he could break the associations into the thriller-thriller component of this quotes Open it up to a more comfortable and optimistic level. It's almost as if he made the apathetic opposite of "cube". Of course, the film is not 85 minutes at street and sun. In keeping with fundamentalism, the dynamics of our anti-hero often become antagonists, sometimes with rather nasty results. Like the game "Desert Island", the film looks at how even best friends, when staying alone together, can fall apart, but at the same time it shows that the vital friends of the quality of existence. In a very tight way, sci-fi, this is a flick-good movie, with good heart and good intentions. However, there is a little rude to be with "Nothing". While the lead actors, Hewlett and Miller, do well with parties, their characters are not as exciting as they should have been, considering it is completely up to entertain us for the best part of an hour. There are some developments in the relationship with the personality of Dave and Andrew, some backgrounds are given but not enough. A generous viewer will sit in the fewer-engagement portions of the movie to see it up to the end but cynical will probably give up very fast. Interestingly, as mentioned, is adequate, and considering the 'green-screen' work that would have been needed, reasonably convincing. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, who both wrote the co-wrote scenario, were longtime friends of Vincenzo Natali: Hewlett was in fact featured in every movie Natali did. Perhaps it was the creative opinions that spread this movie in a positive direction. However, the story could be a lot more involved. Granted, it is relatively fun to consider that (there is no pun intended) nothing really happens, but you get the impression that, with more experience, a lot could be done with this quote. All Justice, "Nothing" is an impressive piece of work in many ways. The concept is interesting, the direction is invented, the script works on a human level, and, most of all, it shows a progress in Natali's creative mentality. For fans of his work, this will be a pleasure, and for others it will be a nice way to spend a while. It's just a shame that fixes the director on human drama to prevent it from being big, the movie of pleasure he could.
