Tweaked a little, 'Nothing' was able to make a movie. It's a very smart concert, touching on some interesting metaphysical themes, and goes against the very beautiful Hollywood convention you can think of ... that goes against everything more than literally, "nothing"? There is nothing that is the story of two friends who want the world away when everything goes wrong with their lives. All that remains is what they do not hate, and a large white space blank. It's hard to focus a story about just two actors for the majority of your films, especially without any cuts in anything to go out on the scheme. It focuses on very beautiful one subject, but this prime Vincenzo Natali territory. If you've seen 'cubes', you already know that it tends to love that kind of situation. "Nothing" in this film is apparently infinite space, but Natalia somehow managed to make it a bit claustrophobic, if only because there's literally nothing else, and no matter where they go. Actors sell it, although you can tell these guys are friends anyway. Two actors from 'cube' return here (Worth and Kazan), but they are entirely different characters. They have changed throughout the story, and while they are not the most active actors in the world, they are at least credible. The reason I say this would be a child's movie under the right tweaks, because on the side of a few F-bombs and a sequence without seldom unnecessarily similar dreams, can be the fantasy and often feel in this movie can greatly be digested by the children. So I found it an odd choice that the writers decided to add some crab languages ​​and a small amount of gore, especially considering there are not many of it. This could be an easy PG rating being to simply cut something out and change a little dialogue. There are very little obnoxious about this movie, but just enough to keep parents out of wanting kids to see it. I only say it's a shame because it's not because I support censorship, but because that's the only thing to prevent this movie from being more exposed. <br /> At any speed, this is a reasonably pleasing movie, albeit with a few drag-out scenes. But for literally being on anything, and focusing entirely on two characters and their interactions with absolutely nothing, they performed a surprisingly good job for an independent movie.
