This film site was shocking my imagination for some time now. We all hear or read about it in some kind of text. What would you do if you were all alone in the world? What would you do if the whole world suddenly disappeared before your eyes? In fact, the last part is actually what's happening in Dave and Andrew, two-bedroom companions living in a run-down home in the middle of a highway system. Andrew is a nervous dreamer to say the least and Dave considered to be one of the biggest losers in society. That alone is the main reason why these two guys get well together, because they simply have one another to go in when comforting needs. Just until ... <br /> <br /> Straight from the beginning of many films and many problems occur. Both of them involved in crime, Andrew suffer from paranoia and simply by dare to go out of the house. Dave is unsuccessful in his work and his colleagues do not treat him very well and respectfully deserve it. The number of issues facing increased increases until one day they can face the inevitable and deal with it. This is just too much for them and want that everything would just go away ... And of course that's exactly what's going on. <br /> <br /> The rest of the stories Dave and Andrew in history in this world of inefficiencies. In the first they are amazed and have understanding issues and deal with these features in crazy surroundings, but later on they find that they can do just about everything they want because it seems as if they are the only ones left. > <br /> Nothing features an extremely small cast - in fact, besides the first couple of shots in the movie, we only see Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) in the entire movie. It is clear that in order to pull this off, the cast has to be more than up for the job, because in a world where nothing exists nothing can distract the viewer in any way. Vincenzo has decided to use a reasonable amount of lock-up vaccine to make it more exciting and it actually works very well. Director of Photography, Derek Rogers, also had a great way of organizing the audience by keeping visual information, especially at times where a character saw something and reacted to it, but we did not see it right away. /> Obviously, this can not be a movie driving event and it's not. Many of the actions are going out of their homes when they move to the cancellation. And that's where some of the most hilarious scenes take place, especially in the case when Andrew discovered a candy bar. Now, one might think: "How does nothing seem?" Well, it seems nothing really. The world of all nothing is white ... white does not matter in which direction you look. This is the weakness of this film ... After an hour or less it's getting pretty boring to look at and there to be events to make sure it's more interesting to look at. Thank God, some. For example at times when the two boys, due to the properties of nothing, they can jump really high as if nothing has been made out of ... tofu (like Andrew claims). It's fun to see how they can immediately use anything to become gods of their own little corporations. <br /> One of the best part of the film is the set ... Producer Producer Jasna Stefanovic has done a wonderful job in this movie, the home of which these two men live so unnaturally fun to make a Looks, it always looks like these two people live in such a place. All in all, the production design is no doubt one of the most powerful aspects of this movie in it really makes the movie worth watching ... <br /> However, the very best part of the movie is acting. Both David Hewlett and Andrew Miller really look like professional actors are both. The camera is about to per second in the movie and as they say, there are just about no accessory of the movie, they are really on a staged stage. With lots of character development and some decent one-material, smart dialogue (at hilariously stupid times), it all works at that end - and this really moves the movie away from the low-budget area of ​​вЂ <вЂ <well-crafted touch. <BR> <br /> Let's talk a little about the visual effects, because they are definitely worth mentioning. Nothing features digital visual and prosthetics that are equal to any modern horror movie. There's a dream sequence rather worried in the movie, and although the Drews were the latter scene completely it's always fun to watch. One of the best visual effects of the movie is the end of which Andrew and Dave suddenly discover their power in this environment - they have the capabilities they want everything away, so what if they can do it other way around and do do these things appear? Nothing is a bright and well-lit movie, it really helps promote the idea that they are probably killed "It's a comedy and it slowly destroys its own theory. We do not know where they are or what happened. We do not know if they will ever get out, because the movie ends before we see anything like that. The finish, by the way, is not as good as it could have been. It's rather easy to predict what will happen, still the writers thought up a few incidents that help make it a bit more interesting and in the end, it's one reasonable satisfaction. <br /> <br /> Take "Hollow Man", "Kill Bill", "Cube", "Epoch" and many other films and you have "Nothing". It really is an amalgam of different genres, there is still no other movie (at least that I know of) There is nothing that really loves. For the people to remember the original Cube Commenting on its DVDs can be remembered that Vincenzo Natali talked about how he came up with the story of cubes. He talked of him and André Bijelic had room-mates at a time and both were in this very dull room with no hope to get out, "Nothing" could be very well be the test version screening of the origin of the cube story, and for that end, it's almost like one of the cube's precursors. <br /> What can I say? I enjoyed "Nothing", it's a great movie with different parts of the film that are extremely well-designed and tons of smart ideas, still I feel the film is missing something and I have trouble finding out precisely what it is yes ... Maybe if you have an "Nothing 2" I can answer this question. "Nothing" is a great movie, but not as good as I expect it to be. <br /> Rating Ultimate: 7.5 / 10
