There is nothing fantastic! Simple like that! It's a movie that should not work, yet do. Natali remains in the sci-fi domain, however this film is also a comedy. Cypher it seems to have been a great budgeting drainage for Natali (at $ 7.5million! Woo-Hot Not!) So Nothing has to balance down again. This low budget, independent movie-making is its best. Simple, good old fashioned story and an attempt to make a movie for deserving artistic such as affixed to Hollywood's usual reasons for financial benefits especially. There is nothing that is a movie about anything with you before you ask, no it is nothing like Seinfeld! Basically Andrew and Dave are a couple of losers. They live in a strange house looking under freeways. Andrew is a travel agent telesales who is agoraphobic while Dave is Andrews best mate who lives with her free help to help her out. Dave is tired of it however and she has a gorgeous girlfriend who she wants to move in with. By rare fortune-lying however, Dave finds out her girlfriend embezzled a huge amount of Daves's job-where incredible Dave, and Andrew is wrongly accused of sexual assaulting a girl scout (human Canadian mood!). As it turns out Andrew's house is to be demolished as well and can not stop it from happening as the house was built on land it should not have been built on. Both Andrew and Dave are indoors when police and the demolition team are calling. They are desperate and can not escape, and in the panic and confusion as the police burst into everything disappears white. What happened? Did Dave and Andrew die? They wake up to find themselves still in the house only it is quiet. No police, no demolition team, no dark mother scout mother! What happens is Dave and Andy discovered they have the ability to "want or hate away." As it turns out they hated away all the outside world. They are left alone. The house is surrounded by nothing, which is described as pure white. So what this means is that the movie environment is a series of houses and then just white. The film is an interesting view of human insulation and the psyche and of course as they spend more time alone together with no food and no water, they start rubber to each other. They discover that they can hate hunger, which is useful but obviously things get out of hand. I can not reveal much but I must say bouncing themselves is quite a sight seeing. This movie is original, funny, interesting. Their effects are simple yet effective and Natali brings together two buddies from cube, David Hewlett, and Andrew Millar to lead the film. They have chemistry and work also very well. They must keep 90% of the movie by themselves and much of it in a more white background, yet it works. Certainly I expect this to find the same cure as Cypher did and it should appear on DVD in a year or two of the states. There is nothing that is a top quality and unique film and although not as good as Cube or Cypher it once again proves Natali as one of the best ups of it too. <br /> <br /> Natali is someone who really interested me in his three features too far and I can not wait for his next feature. I pret god he does not make the proposed Necropolis, written and directed by suffering ADD, ever crap Paul Anderson. Vincenzo old friend if Paul comes round in your pad, RUN !!! RAN LIKE WIND !! I hope this guy does not take in Hollywood as Alex Proyas did (and enjoyable yet the pussy-foot, coated cover, helium light: my robot!). Keep your eyes shaved for that guy. ****
