089: Parade Parade (1933) - Release 9/30/1933, see 5/5/07. <br /> <br /> The ice cream horn invented in New York. <br /> <br /> Corner: After a break and busy, we hit another Berkeley Busby musician from Warner Bros. This time it's the ultra-fast paced rhythm parade, starring James Cagney as juggernaut stage producer Chester Kent. I am 100% certain that Cagney was Berkeley's channeling and his performance in Kent in unstoppable, who has come up with new ideas for every minute performance. Joan Blondell is also excellent as the secretary-liked acid-tongued interest. Ruby Keeler / Dick Powell is not as great as this time, but no less enjoyable. One thing to disassociate me was Berkeley's performance, which seemed far too morning and complex to be done on any stage, let alone a step that might show a movie afterwards. Obviously, Busby does not leave a little bit like history to prevent him from putting together the most over-the-top music numbers he may possibly evoke. I liked almost all of this film until the end, with the countless number of offensive "Shanghai Lil," which, as one can guess, is about as sales-turn as racially unattractive performance comes. Six movies in three months. Received a new file. Anyway ?? that completes Warner Bros. 'Music Trilogy in 1933, first by' 42nd Street 'and' Gold Diggers in 1933. ' I would definitely recommend watching all three in a row. I wonder if James Cagney was channeling Busby Berkeley while playing Chester Kent in this movie, or if that role as written inspired by Busby. I hope it was; It seems to make sense that Berkeley is the kind of guy who might see elaborate dance in Chester's everyday fashion event. The funny thing about Cagney was that he did not really look like a man who led to the traditional sense. It was 5'7 "square, and talked to an odd accent to New York. But the guy was quite versatile, going to the gamers gum who made it so famous in producing fast-talking producers to see here he was able to dance Basically he was a leading man in the body of a character actor. The rest of the cast has some familiar faces; Joan Blondell returns with just about stealing the show as Cagney's loyal secretary and lusting; Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler play the beautiful couple, but they seem to get less screen times than before, Billy Barty pops up again as the impoverished imp. The movie is typical of the more racy and adult-oriented musicals in the pre- Code, as opposed to those of the 50 and 60's most oriented family, and is a major excellent in the Warner musics this year (the "Shanghai Lil" number does not resist, and Keeler does a job poor movie chinese) Latest film: Dinner at eight (1933) Next movie: I do not have an angel (1933).
