When it came out, this was pretty much state of the art film entertainment art. Today, it's more fun than most, in big part because it has James Cagney in the lead role as a music prologist producer under a succession of deadlines and sheltered out in all storms by her confidence "girl Friday" by Joan Blondell. Also the musical numbers towards the end that were put together by Busby Berkeley are pretty much a knock-out as far as the kind of thing goes. <br /> But this is a very strange movie. I mean in one of these numbers, you've got Billy Barty running around pretending to be an adorable little child, doing all sorts of strange things. Ruby Keeler seems to have a lousy smile plotting on his face at all times, but at least he does not have to act like in some of his later unfortunate films. You'd never guess that Dick Powell was kind of tough guy out to see him in this movie; Apparently all the hard guys who were hard were getting money from Cagney's star. As for Cagney, his high speed on music shows and makes them endearing and annoying at the same time. After a while it gets a bit too much. You expect to walk out and say, "Hey! I had a great idea for a prologue! The women are cigarettes, and they come out of a pack of smoking! Oh no, we did that one last month!" It's funny but it gets a bit repetitive. At the time of finding it difficult with the bad girl, Ruth Donnelly, some of the Cagney Gangster characters came out. In fact, often B gangster director William Keighley is credited here with coaching dialogue, and it seems at times that Cagney and Blondell invoke something very "street" even though the characters are not criminal. number ... what can you say? They stand alone as fun, the way Berkeley uses the human body and geometry is really thrilling. But none of them really mean anything. This means "Hotel Bee", nothing really more or less. And all the fears of the integration fall apart immediately, since the characters in the show doing things that can not possibly be appreciated by a theater audience like the movie show. For example at a point to show the fine print in a newspaper, things like that. The whole thing could exist only on film, so the idea that the prologue actually live shows is ridiculous. I can only assume that the audience of the time was a little less critical of things like this than would be ten years later or so, because this is a very polished production. <br /> It's great to see Cagney himself showing off his superb dancing skills, and he can actually share the scene with a dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and scenes going on really well. The music I would say is only mediocre, but especially fun if repetition. Bacon's direction in general is very appropriate but never interesting. The film's entertainment value is unquestionable and has also picked up some nostalgic values ​​along the way. It's a cut above the "let's put on a show" movie in the 30s.
