James Cagney is best known for her difficult character - and gangster role but she also played quite a lot 'soft' character in her career. This music is one of them and it was the first, but not the last movie movie Cagney would star in. Cagney is even doing a bit of singing in this one and also quite a bit of dancing. And it needs to be said he was not bad at it. It plays a lot with confidence. He apparently had some work dancing in his early life before his acting career began to take in great time, so it actually is not a strange thing that he also took on some musical role to act in his career. It obviously also feels at ease in this genre totally different than most people are accustomed to seeing it in. The movie is directed by Lloyd Bacon, who was perhaps among the best and most successful directors of the genre. His first 30 best musical musical genres are also featured for genre movies such as "42nd Street". Her music has always been light and fun to watch and more comedy as everything else really works. 'The 30 music has never really been on its songs, this was something that most featured in' 40 and later made musical, mostly in the MGM studios. As usual it has a light and simple story, set in the music world, which of course is also predictable and progressive in a formal way. It is nevertheless a fun and simple story that simply makes this a fun movie to watch. So the characters and actors who are carrying them. The strange sort though that the total scheme line of the movie gets sort of abandoned towards the end of the movie, when the movie only begins to consist of music music routines. In these musical moments toward completion of the movie are also fun and well-done, though I'm not a big fan of the genre itself. Once again the music numbers also feature a little Barty Barty. He often played boy / baby / mouse and everything earlier in his career, including the music film "The Diggers of Gold in 1933", a year earlier. <br /> A genuine movie genre early. <br /> <br /> 8/10
