It's hard to say that coming out on top, James Cagney's charm and energy or the mouth-opening exception of the three showboys Busby Berkeley in the lock. I give it a tie, and Footlight parades one of the funniest and fastest of music are very early. Although the film clearly belongs to Cagney, Joan Blondell adds immeasurably to the well-characteristic story line. <br /> What is the story line? It's about Chester Kent (Cagney) that produces musically, and is now just about out of business as the talkies take over. It starts prologue, live music entertainment offered on stage before a movie begins. He gets the idea of ​​making people bigger and more of them, moving them to the country. It's a ball of fire and mind, and it needs all the ideas it can get to keep upset these products. But a rival is spying on her and stealing her idea; In Prescott (Blondell), her wise secretary, loves her but she too is too busy to notice; an office girl in black-rimmed, round glasses (Ruby Keeler) wants a dancing chance; His wife turned away and said he did not divorse her after all; a blonde gold-digger is putting his hook in him; her partner is cheating her ... gosh i, what's next? This can all sound like a lot of digest, but everything happens fast, with Cagney bouncing, strutting, critique, finger-skating, barking orders and occasionally - until the great number of the last time it goes all out singing and Dancing - to do a step or two just to show how it's done. <br /> Instead of "Let's put on a show, gang" we have "We need to build three shows in three days, so shut the doors and let's start repeating." These three super prologues are going to feature 40 chorinese, spectacular effects and will mean a rich contrast, with Kent Kent's house in Deluxe movie house ... The whole couple of Apollo movie houses! Fatigue threatens, painful feet, but all those who are loaded in the strains of skimpy costumes (including Ann Sothern and Dorothy Lamour; you can properly check Sothern, but Lamour is more generic) stay the neck, dance their hearts Outside, giggling and chattering with considerably unsweaty. <br /> Then the curtains ascend as each prologue is presented in separate film houses, one after the other in the same night, and the owner of the Apollo circuit will determine that night if it will save the Poest Chester or you do not. The first lift is "honeymoon hotel" with Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler at a 9 minute production number that features a lot of good lasciviousness, and brides and grooms (some even married couples), bedrooms and beds, and the doors with "Do not disturb" signs. <br /> <br /> Then on to the next theater and the 11 minute "Not a Waterfall" that probably was the Warner Counties brothers who worry about bankruptcy. This number is so much - dozens of girls swim, trees, springs, a large grotto and waterlides, a giant pool - you would never think there was a depression. Berkeley pulls all its tricks - synchronization, human models, legs and arms perform all sorts of precision things - and it makes it into the water, and a lot of underwater photography looks up. Girls are sure toys. They come smile with tears and always hit the marks. Everything must have been extremely difficult and tiring. Ruby Keeler, who has a couple of quick shots in the water, is the only one that seems somewhat cautious. <br /> <br /> And finally, the final breaks ... 11 minutes from Cagney dancing and singing with Keeler in "Shanghai Lil," and all sorts of girls low with the customers, weird in which the races are blending up . There are Cagney and Keeler dancing on the bar, dancing on a table, Cagney fighting. There are similar fifty or sixty marching marines, hupping back, out, rifle and holding. Then ... this is true ... a human human form of Franklin Roosevelt and the NRA eagle. This can only be the Hollywood music production ever featured Roosevelt, a major federal agency and a savvy of Chinese sexy prostitutes. <br /> <br /> This entertainment, folks. It's great! <br /> <br /> Of course, Chester's prologue finds the big deal with In Chester. This film is full of juicy clumps that make us smile. Ruby Keeler is so entertaining as it seriously stomps out her taps and her arms fly that you want to help her along. Joan Blondell reminds us of a lot of Hollywood women who might have been the most beautiful but having a lot less understanding and personality. The film, however, belongs to Cagney, who tramples and shakes, and Berkeley, a man for too many people has never been too much.
