The genuine young producer of theater prologues (such performances, usually music, which often run the movie in the biggest movies in paegone days) have to cope with crooked competition, fake partners, turnovers and talented amateur to realize his dream make it on the FOOTLIGHT parade. While closely resembling other Warner's music spectacles, most notably the GOLDDIGGER films, this film has a special attraction by one of the others: Jimmy Cagney. It's a wonder, loose-knit and lithe, as nimble as any tomcat - an animal it actually reproduces a few times during the movie. Cagney drinks attention to viewers & never lets go, feeds the quick-fire dialogue with blowing and charismatic charisma & significant charms. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast gives their best, as well. Joan Blondell is perfect as a smart-mouth-blonde secretary, big-heart, wounded and Cagney (greatest quibble - why he did not give a musical number?). Dick Powell & Ruby Keeler once again play lovers click & off; The fact that his singing & ability to act a bit on the lean side is rewarded for not dancing; Powell is still exotic boyish enthusiasm in his usual position as second male lead. <br /> <br /> Guy Kibbee & Hugh Herbert are many fun as brothers-in-laws, both complain Cagney cheats in different ways. Ruth Donnelly notes as the wealthy wife Kibbee, a woman devoted to her beautiful guarded. Choreographer Harry Frank McHugh is an Apt Foil for understanding Cagney's. Herman Bing is hilarious in one small scene as a music arranger. Mavens will check little Billy Barty, Jimmy Conlin & maybe even John Garfield during their music numbers. Finally, there is Busby Berkeley, correspondence. His tyrannical confession, pouring the decades of the 1930's, was an extreme example of escapism in cinemas that Depression audience wanted to enjoy. The big joke about Berkeley's creation, of course, was being meant, as part of the plot, to be stage production. But no theater can ever keep these products in the master's imagination. They are perfect illustrations of the only entertainment type made possible by the movie camera. Berkeley's music offers generally one of two different approaches, either a often (often rather rare) story and song and dance; or other stunning geometric-shaped numbers, eye candy, featuring luxurious matching girls, top camerawork & a romantic melody. In a spasm of extraordinary extravagance, CLIMATE PARADE FOOTLIGHT and three Berkeley masterpieces: "Honeymoon Hotel" and its pre-production code say at a couple's wedding night; "Not a Waterfall" - dozens of girls unclad, projection, floating & diving in perfect patterns & designs (good mates & you will see how the synchronous effects have been achieved); and finally, 'Shanghai Lil' - a tribute to their talent fitting in both Cagney & Berkeley.
