Start off, here's an overview: Porno queen Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) is murdered by her pornographic lover Max (George Shannon) in a game of sexual radio casino. Other Alta lover, casting glass casting cast Camila Stone (Mary Woronov), provides an alibi for Max. But Camila has an agenda of her own, and a plan involving the seduction of innocent Julie Actress (Lynn again) to a website of sexual minding games. When the Lookalikes' identities are sufficiently cloudy, the stage is set for revenge as passionate as the most exciting carnival encounter. Even if this film is quite obscure and never got very careful, I get it to be a sexy, suspend gem. The culture of goddess Woronov has one of the best ever-best roles, and she and sexy-innocent Lowry play in each other well. Ensemble music provided by Gershon Kingsley, plus two original songs ("All-American Boy," "You say you never let me down") and the Jaynetts 'Sally, Go' Round Roses "compose a memorable band Theodore Gershuny's direction is sharp, with all the pictures in the tone of earth tone that perfectly suggests to blow down business bubbling under the crust of society. With tons of great New York atmosphere, Ondine (Woronov's friend and fellow warholite) provide a great performance role, and exotic Monique Van Vooren as her ex-wife Max in a comic sub-draw. This sub-sketch, though entertaining, seems to be part of another movie all along. However, I do not complain, as movie The list is as smooth as changing gears and is a hell of a lot more interesting that the erotic-throb garbage is now being cranked out. <br /> <br /> Trivia: Sugar Cookies were originally rated X (soft- core) and published by General Film Corporation in 1973. I am the proud owner of an original one-leaf poster - c In 1977, the film was off for a R and re-released by Troma Team, which now offers it uncut on video. Mary Woronov was the wife of Theodore Gershuny at the time, and was uncomfortably reported to perform the same sex scene simultaneously with her leering behind the camera. He can also be seen in two of his earliest productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
