A very early Oliver Stone (related) film product, and one of the first films in the impressive career of Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of the only real-world independent film studio Troma Trumpet, creator of the aircraft toxic, and, in Amsterdam's prestigious Fantastic Film Festival, all life-successes provide movies for more than 30 years). Having raised the money for this movie on its own, Lloyd wrote this script along with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and in regret Hindsight has listened to the tips to have Gershuni others direct the movie instead of doing it his head. But back then it was still inexperienced in the business and it is probably because of such decisions as it takes no nonsense to anyone else. Indeed it would be interesting to see Lloyd's version of his own script - as one of the most original, daring, experimental and non-compromised originals in the world he probably would give it even more than it already has. But as it is we have the Gershuni-led film. And its weather is due to the strong script, or the fact that it's too true to its own director, COOKIES SUGAR is a very clever, highly motivated and well-crafted photo that deserves a lot more attention than what it receives. The budget shoestring the small studio (this was even before Kaufman and his friends and partners for over 30 years now, Michael Herz, formed Troma) worked and so well handled that the film looks a lot more expensive , indeed there is a "low budget" look at all. The story revolves around lesbian Camilla Stone (played by Enigma Mary Woronow) and his girlfriend who winds up dead in circumstances I will not reveal by spoiling a delightful story. This leads to a succession of draw draws, mind games and personality reforms that are inspired by the Vertigo Hitchcock and at least as invented. The atmosphere is a lot of grinder, though, with some comparisons of the Nicholas Roeg and Donald Cammell's PERFORMANCE come to mind. In this mix is ​​a very original erotic and inventive erotic content that keeps it clearly on how it is all gone to the end, which, along with a supposed draw sub-plot and a nod to Kaufman's earliest and unfortunately available GRIP GUSS what FUSS, do for a very interesting one-and-a-half hour. Certainly one of the best films in the Troma library, and yet one of those films that defy the curious fantasy that the catalogs are one of the bad flavors. The DVD includes some recent interviews with Kaufman doing with Woronov and other Lady Lynn Lowry's guys (later seen at George Romero in the oven), thus giving some interesting insight into what happened while doing this cult-favorite and a few suggestions in that would be different Lloyd directed it himself. Very recommended.
