The former Cambridge contemporary Simon Heffer, today a writer and journalist, put forward the theory that, as British film-makers of the eighties were often criticized in the so-called "Britain Thatcher," the Ealing comedies was born as satire on Britain's "Athletics Great Britain", which came after being conquered by Labor in 1945 the general election. This theory was presumably not intended to apply to, say, "heart heart and coronet" (that is, if anything, a satire on the Edwardian high grades) or the "Ladykillers" or the "Lavender Hill Mob", also Two of which may have some satire, but not political in nature. It can, however, be applied to most of the other films in the series, especially "Passport Pimlico". <br /> <br /> Pimlico is, or at least was in quarantine, a majority working class in London, placed on North Bank in the Thames about a mile from Victoria Station. It is not quite correct to say, as was often said, that the film is about Pimlico's "self-declared self" in Britain. What happened is that an ancient charter comes to light to prove that in the fifteenth century the area was yielded by King Edward IV in the Duchy of Burgundy. This means that, technically, Pimlico is an independent state, and has been for nearly five hundred years, irrespective of the wishes of its people. The government pledges to pass a special law in Parliament to correct the anomaly, but until the Law receives Royal Assent area from outside the United Kingdom and British laws do not apply. <br /> Because Pimlico is not subject to the British Law, the owner of the local pub free to open whatever hours it chooses with local dealers can also sell them so that people are welcome without restriction of the rationing laws. When other traders begin to move to the area to sell goods on the streets, the British authorities are not afraid to legalize black-marketeering and seals in the area to try and force the "Burgundians", as the people of Pimlico have Rename themselves, surrender. Many of the Ealing comedies have as central themes the idea of ​​the little man to take over the system, either as someone as happens in the "Man of the White Suit" or "Lavender Hill Mob", or as a party in a larger community such as happens to "Whiskey Galore" or "The Thunderbolt Titfield". The central theme of "Passport" is that of ordinary people and women taking on bureaucracy and government-imposed regulations that seemed to be an increasingly important feature of Britain's life in the quarantine. The particular movie target is the rational system. During the war the system was accepted by most people as a necessary sacrifice in the fight against Nazism, but it became increasingly politically controversial when the government tried to keep it in peace. It was an important factor in the growing popularity of the Attlee administration that was elected by a large majority in 1945, and organizations such as the British Housewives' League were set up in the rationing abolition campaign. I can not agree with the review stating that the main objectives of the satire film were the "spivs" (black marketeers), which play a relatively minor part of the action, or the Housewives' bonds, which do not appear at all. The satire is very much aimed at the bureaucrats, who are described either as having a "rules for reliance on mentality" or a desire to pass the buck and avoiding taking any action at all. I suspect that if the movie was to be held today it would have a different end and Pimlico remained independent as a British version of Monaco or San Marino. (Indeed, I suspect that today this concept would probably serve as the basis of a TV sitcom rather than a movie). In 1949, however, four years after the war, the film-makers were enthusiastic patriotism and British identity, so the film ended with Pimlico being reabsorbed in Britain. One of the best known lines in the movie is "We are always English and we are still English and it's just because we are English as we are sticking to our right to be Burgundians." There is a sharp contrast between the mood rather frustrated in officially and common sense, tolerance and good humor of the Cockesys of Pimlico, all of which are featured as being British's very good features. <br /> <br /> Most of the action takes place during a summer drought and sweltering heatwave, but in the past scenes, after Pimlico joined the UK to drop the temperature and started pouring with rain. Global warming can change things a little, but for many years, the British part had the ability to maintain the belief, regardless of statistics would be the contrary, that Britain had a wet climate. The ability to make jokes about this climate was equally important. There is a good performance at Stanley Holloway as Arthur Pemberton, the episodic and short time local politician who becomes the Prime Minister Free Pimlico, and a fun comedy from Margaret Rutherford as a batty story teacher. In the main, however, that's right enough for a movie about a small community pulled together, an example of acting ensembles with no real star performance but all those who make a contribution to an excellent movie. He lacks the sickness and rancor of many more satirical films, but his understanding and satire are no less effective for all of this. It remains one of the funniest satirists on bureaucrats ever made and, with the possible exceptions to "heart and coronets" is my personal favorite among the Ealing comedies. 10/10
