Passport Pimlico is a real treat for all fans of British movies. Not only is it an enjoyable and fun comedy, but it's a cinematic flashback of a vintage age, with attitude and scenario sadly nowadays only a memory of British life. Stanley Holloway plays Pimlico resident Arthur Pemberton, who after the accidental detonation of an unexploded bomb, discovered a treasure of medieval treasures that the 14th-century Duke of Burgundy had buried deep street little suburban these 600 years. Treasury is a former legal decree signed by King Edward IV in England (which has never been officially canceled) in the particular state of London street declared Burgundian land, which means that in the eyes of international law, Pemberton and other residents The premises are not British but native to burgundy and small streets an independent country in its own right and a law for itself. This warrior-battered and poorly-tackled dance receives up in good position as they believe themselves to be outside of English law and jurisdiction, so in an act of drunken challenge to burn their rations, destroy and ignore their flagrant clothes, blatantly neglecting British licenses etc., declaring themselves completely independent Britain. <br /> However, what is happening is ever spiv, black marketeer and dishonest robbers follow suit and cross the 'borders' in burgundy as a shelter of the law and post-war restrictions to sell dodgy goods, and halves In London consumers are followed in order to dodge the ration, making the little cheerful little, a hole in robbery and one rather crowded. said that due to this development is "now a matter of foreign policy, which Government Mayor is reluctant to become involved" that leaves residents high and dry. They state the area of ​​a legal border and as such set up a custom office equipped at the end of the road, mainly controlling smuggling than ensuring any safety for the residents of Pimlico. The border closes altogether to start a big siege, and the Bugundian residents slowly run out of water and food, but never less to fight off in true British style. As a resident of Bugundian quotes, "we are English and we are still English, and it's just because we are English, we are struggling so hard to be Bugundians" <br /> A feeling that is soon echoed throughout the capital like that The rest of London learns the poor Bugundians understand that they all feel that they have to chip in and help them by sending food and supplies to the wireless blocks. <br /> <br /> Will Whitehall, who has been fighting in so can invaders of all the centuries finally be brought to his knees by this new bunch of aliens, especially as these are English! !!! <br /> <br /> Great story, and great fun at all. Do not be missed.
