Find this movie if at all possible. You will find a really good performance by Barbara Bach, beautiful cinematography of a three (and extremely clean) but old house climbing, with an unexpected virtuoso performance by ?? "Unseen la". I picked up a copy that used in this movie because I was interested in seeing more of Bach, whom I would just see in the "Spy That Loves Me." I love beautifully beautiful actresses and appreciate them even more if they can act a little. So, we start with a nice nice site. Bach TV Bash drives out to companion and goes to cover a festival in a California city, Solvang, which celebrates its Swedish ancestors by putting on a popular big festival. She brings together a camerawoman, who is going to be her sister, and another associate. (Karen Lenn is late to play Bach's sister, and if you know that the celebrities are that each of these ladies is married, it's just too funny to watch Bach (Ms. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Ms. Dennis Wilson) going down street with a sister sister.)) Anyway ?? The cloud of weathering beau followed in Solvang, as it does not argue with him. There's a lot of feeling always between them but he does not want to watch him tear himself up on his down-drain football career. The ladies arrived at Solvang making the placement for the stations, only to get the reservations given away from another person. (Maybe the Bach boyfriend, because he thinks it's where he will stay?). Gals are asked around but there is just nowhere to go. Errors trying to get into an old hotel that now serves only as a museum, they catch the interests of gentlemen Keller (Sidney Lassick's end), who decided to be a gentleman and spend the night at his house, insisting his wife it will be happy to receive them. Oh no! Next thing we know Keller is making a phone call whispered to his wife, warning that the company is coming and threatens that it would be best to play together. Problems of paradise! The ladies are eager to settle in and return to Solvang to shoot foot and swing swing, but one of the girls does not feel good. Bach and lamb left behind him, asking themselves about Mrs. Keller (played heartbreakingly by Lovely Lelia Goldoni) that looks like she just lost her best pal. Talk about that ?? Vicki's under-the-slip slipped over her clothes and got into a nice hot tub, not realizing that Keller had crept into her room to inspect the keyhole. He heard him, thinking he came to deliver linen, and called out his thanks. Lassick has done a great job at this scene expressing grief at an old fat peeping tom that did not get a look long enough. After leaving, poor Vicki tumbles in bed for a nap but gets yanked out of it real fast (in a really decent, awesome round of action) by a BIG thing that has apparently crept up in a grate on the floor ?? Unseen la! Lamb comes home next (Bach is out to finish an argument with his Beau) and can not find anyone in the house. She strikes on a plate of fruit in the kitchen and, on hand and knees to collect it, her hair and fashion scalp haul temptingly on the black floor grate ?? attract the unseen again! Well, in the poor time Lamm is getting quiet in the kitchen, we make a flashback in Mr. Keller's past and get the full story of his ill, sadistic background really is and why his wife does not smile very much . Bach finally gets home and wants to know where her friends are. Meanwhile, Lassick was approved in the afternoon carnage by her weeping wife and decided he could not let Bach at the premises reveal the secret of his home. He tempted him to go down to the basement where the last act of the Keller family tragedy was finally open to all of us. <br /> I can not say enough for Stephen Furst, whom I have never seen before; it is obvious that he did his homework for this role, studying methods of communication and expression of the brain damaged; Bach and Goldoni, each of the various ways, just give the movie movie. Not only that, but movie winds up with a resolution that meets. No stupid tricks cheap, eyeball-rolling dialog or cutting edge patients ... A real treat for your collection.
