It is true that Danny Steinmann of the "Unseen" is a creepy simplistic comedy with a very predictable plot, there is no particular attempt for twists or surprises, and literally presents each genre's gleaming carried forward over the decades, but not necessarily make it a bad movie. On the contrary, my friends and I were surprised by the shock of this dark but, however, little intense 80's that especially benefit from a handful of brutal images and a downright brilliant casting. The beautiful and ambitious Jennifer Fast reporter and two of her equally attractive friends traveled to a small California city to shoot a documentary on the anniversary festival, but the forgotten hotels register their booking. In their search for a place to stay, the trio runs in conservation in exceptional movement, but suspicious museum Ernest Keller who invites the girls to stay in his countryside castles. One not one of the girls who experienced Keller and his sister very introverted and submissive sisters hid a dark secret and indoors killing them. The "Unseen" can easily be described as a cheap amalgamation and ultimately mentioned in the horror classic "Psycho" and the "Texas Cheatile Massacre". The plot is a series of familiar themes that have become notorious and infinite imitation due to these films, such as hidden family secretions in the cellar, whirlpool, crazy inbred killer and a highly unappetizing treatment of chicken. Still, I do not consider what to be negative, as the "Unseen" is a completely unpretentious and unpretentious disturbing disturbing that clearly never intended to be the greatest horror classic of the decade. Although the denouement of the plot is very clear, director Steinmann tries to keep the mystery by keeping the evil present at home "unseen" as the promised title. The casting and acting choices are really up to this travelers above the level of mediocrity. Sydney Lassick, immortal since her role as psychiatric psychiatrist Troe Cheswick's "One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest" treatment is really the ideal choice for Ernest Keller's role. His persistent friendship with almost naturally perverted appearance is exactly what the character needs. Also Stephen Furst, which eventually turns out to be unseen in the view, gives away a tremendous performance as "Junior". It looks like acting as a native handicapped and attempts to get close to Jennifer in the basement are really unnerving. The "Unseen" is a slow and priceless movie, but despite the early 80's power that will certainly appeal to fans of the 70's and generally unusual stuff.
