There was a political documentary, in the past, called Why We Fight, which is trying to examine the military's Complex Industrial Complex and its grip on this nation. It is considered both controversial and incisive in doing its case against both the complex and the phases of our wars currently involved in Iraq. But a famous series of films, with the same name, occurred during World War Two, by Hollywood director Frank Capra. Although considered documentary, and was Oscars in this category, this series of seven films is really and really agitprop, plus the vein of triumph by Leni Reifenstal in the will, the scene that Capra recycles for his own purposes, them. That said, that fact does not mean that it does not have vital information that the subsequent generation of World War II documentaries (like the BBC lied World At War) was missing, nor does it mean that its value as a primary source is any less value. They skillfully did, and after recently bought some DVDs used in a discount store, I found myself and the opportunity to choose a free DVD and buy me. I chose Goodtimes DVD in the DVD collection series. <br /> <br /> Rarely had something free to be so valuable. While there is no expense on the DVDs, and the sound quality of their imagery varies, these films provide insight into American minds two-thirds of a century ago, when racists were sustained (as in many of the classic Warner Brothers the pro-war cartoon war of the era), and there was nothing wrong with deformation of reality. The seven films, produced between 1942 and 1945, are prelates of war, Nazi strike, dividing and conquering, the Battle of Britain, the Battle of Russia, the Battle of China, and war coming to America. /> Overall, the film series is well worth watching, not only for obvious reasons, but for subtle things it reveals, as the use of the plural for terms like X million when referring to dollars, rather than The modern modern, or the most overused graphics of the entire series - a Japanese sword piercing the center of Manchuria. But it also shows the complexities of trying to implement standards than in current wars. The first World War lessons (non-alien shipments) did not apply to the Second World War, which had very early lessons against dictatorships in the three major wars of America that had been fighting since: Korea, Vietnam, and Iraq . The fact that many of this series were teeters about their uncertainty at the times it was made to only underline its historical value at times-stuffy times today. It may not help you sort out the truth from the lies and propaganda of today, but at least you will realize you are not the first to be in such a bad way, neither will you last.
