This is a great fun action movie in my opinion, with cool characters, lots of action, and an amazing performance at Dolph Lundgren, however Alex Karzis is terrible as the villain! The story is very good, and I found the kids to be likable for the most part, plus Dolph Lundgren is simply amazing in this! Scenes of action are excellent, and it's almost like Hard Hard except it's wearing a school!, More Kata Dobó is very ominous and sexy as the sidekick! The final is very interesting, and she has a couple of cool emotional moments as well!, However I just wanted to have another cruel, because Alex Karzis just did not cut her like the Wicked Way too OTT, and ridiculed for my taste. This would be higher then 4.1 in my opinion, as I thought it was a great action movie, and while the kids were very stupid at times, they were well resourceful as the movie gone Together !, The more shootouts were pretty cool as well! The finish is very fun, and Corey Sevier's character was my favorite student!, Dolph's still got it! This is a great fun action movie in my opinion, with cool characters, lots of action, and an amazing performance in Lundgren! But Alex Karzis is terrible as the villain, still I highly recommend this one! The direction is very good! Sidney J. Furie does a pretty good job here and works great cameras, good angles, and keeps the movie at a very fast pace! There is a bit of blood and violence. We get many very wound injuries, knives in the side of the head, striking blood flowers, an impaling, and other minor things. The actor is fantastic! Dolph Lundgren is amazing as always, and amazing here, it is very likable, kicks the ass as usual, has great chemistry with children, has an awesome character, is very charisma, and may not have shown a great Emotional rage, it's always been a hell of a lot of fun to watch!, it's one of my favorite actors! (Rule Lundgren !!!!!). Alex Karzis is terrible God as the villain, he is ridiculous OTT, was boring, and not menacing at all, he also annoyed the crap from me. Kata Dobó is very sexy as kick in side and made fine and what she has to do, she was the real villain in my opinion !. Corey Sevier is funny as Mick, my favorite student, and I really started to warm him in the 2nd half, I loved him so much! It was good chemistry with Dolph too. Dov Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mofo Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlee) all make great folks. Jennifer Baxter is very nice and good as the fiancé. The rest of the cast does fine. Overall I highly recommend this one! *** 1/2 out of 5
