Jeopardy is a tight, quiet tremor, a cut above a B, but not really a major output. She is qualified as almost an experimental film, such as the studio that produced her, England, was desperately looking for new films, stars and directors to compete with the new media then on television. The director, John Sturges, was an up-and-coming with the best years ahead of them. He just recently started directing a movie, and has already proven himself a most capable craftsman. Stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker, were in very different phases of their career. Stanwyck's glory was behind him, and yet he could still carry a movie, as he proved here. Barry Sullivan, as her husband, was one of the dozen or so leading men who started in the quarry film that never quite achieved the very success of her for her. It was a fine, low-key actor, expecting, but in a top-notch rather than upper-class style, which made him excellent in professional roles. As the convict escapes who is the only person around who can save Sullivan life (it is trapped under a dock, with the rising tide), Ralph Meeker is much more energetic than normal. This excellent actor was the disaster of having come to film after Brando and Clift. He was in his way as a good actor as one of them, but he lacked charisma. His negotiation with Stanwyck, which comes down to her sex asking her to save her husband (not just implication, as this is 1953), makes for an intriguing site that, this was a different kind of movie , could all raised all kinds of interesting questions about Stanwyck's character. Meeker is indeed a more interesting character than Sullivan; and at her scene with her Stanwyck is livelier than she is with her husband and son. But as this is a picture formulas, not a Strindberg game, the possibility that Stanwyck would want to have a throw, - leaving aside the question of his husband's situation, - remains unexplored. In this sense the tidal incoming by the effect of one can be desired, even though the film remains tense and extremely entertaining thanks to excellent acting, fine photography, almost all out, and excellent direction by the gentleman. mekonu. Think.
