Here's an excellent Barbara Stanwyck double bill on a disc. The first movie - and believe me the youngest of the two - is the MGM "Please A Lady" (1950) in which she is scared with Clark Gable. It is essentially a star and gable car as usual to dominate the movie with his screen presence. Here he plays a motorcycle racing driver who gets some bad press from Stanwyck feminist reporter and the battle of gender begins. Of course after many hits they eventually end up in each other's arms and it all comes to a predictable and fun close. A bit of a fluff in a really tricky Gable and Stanwyck movement - two icons of the Golden Age - make it look! <br /> But the real meat on this DVD is the second feature - a wonderful and well-known little thriller called JEOPARDY. Produced by MGM in 1953 this is a wonderful gem gem in a movie that does not have one date! Here Stanwyck plays the wife of Barry Sullivan and Lee Aaker's young mother on vacation on a desert beach and Mexican remote when suddenly tragedy strikes. A dilapidated wooden pier collapsed Sullivan traps under a heavy pile and guess what? Yes, the tide will come in. There is no soul in sight and can free himself Stanwyck lying in car for assistance. After driving some distance away only it can be sheltered from an unscrupulous escrow (Ralph Meeker) who - in return for his help - wants more from it than money or change of clothing ("I'll do nothing to save for my husband "). Is he or she not reading ?? <br /> <br /> Meeker runs away with the picture! It turns out to be a brilliant performance! Once it comes to the movie you simply can not take your eyes on it! An actor in Brando's bridal style is surprisingly never done much in his career in film. Although she was given the splendid performance as a favor, shame officer officer of the outstanding Mann / Stewart West "Nude Spur" (1953) and as one of the troops finished French sacrifice in Stanley Kubrick's powerful WW1 drama "Paths of Glory "(1957) The only real claim of fame was as Mike Hammer of Mickey Spillane in" Kiss Me Deadly "in 1955. His performance in" Jeopardy "would have been wonderful for him, but he had only a so-called career in film. He died in 1988. <br /> Because of this release "Jeopardy" can now proudly take its legitimate place as a classic noir. A memorable, sophisticated and interesting thriller thanks to fine performance, tightly guided by John Sturges, the cynical monochrome scene of Victor Milner and an atmospheric note by Dimitri Tiomkin. Excerpt, however, has no great shake except for a radio version of "Jeopardy" and trailer for both films. <br /> <br /> This disc is also part of a Barbara Stanwyck box celebrating its centenary. Difficult to believe that the lady would be over 100 years old if she was still around! <br /> <br /> JEOPARDY - a MGM winner!
