When I really started to interest in movies, at the age of eleven, I had a big list of 'films seen' and I would go to blockbuster and rent two or three for each weekend; some of them were not for all hearings and my mother would go black. I remember one of the films on this list was "A Chorus Line" and could never find it; So now they see it is a dream come true. <br /> Of course, I lost the list and would do anything to get it back because I think there were some really interesting things to look at. I mean, take "A Chorus Line", a step back movie game. I know it's something we see so much nowadays, but back then it's been a little different, apparently; and this movie has something special. <br /> <br /> Most musicals have made movies today, taking the chance to give them the camera for free, to create different scenery and capture the characters in different places; "A chorus line" was held in a theater stage as a play and he died in the same place as a movie. After a great audition held by Zach (Michael Douglas), Richard Atenborough directed a large number of dancers as they tried to find the job. Everything happens on the same day: the tension of not knowing, the stress of having to learn the numbers, silent competition between the dancers? And it's all done on the scene, where Douglas puts every dancer on the spotlight and makes them talk about their personal life and the most horrible experience. There are hundreds of dancers and they are all fantastic, but they list shortcuts as the hours go by. Like a movie I've seen lately, "A Prairie Home Companion", the broadcast of a radio show, Atenborough here deals with continuity issues. On or behind the scenes, things will be over, and time does not seem to stop. Again, I do not do that if Atenborough cuts so much to shoot that, but it sure does not seem like it; and anyway it's a great direct and editing (John Bloom) job. But at that little step, what you ask is what to do with the camera ?? With one setting, Ronnie Taylor's movies find the way to make the lock-ups of certain characters, the zoom and out, showing the stage from different perspectives and also giving us a nice look at New York. <br /> At a critical moment, Douglas says the following: "Before we begin to eliminate: you're all terrific and I would like to hire you all, but I can not." This made me think about reality today, where the only thing that counts is the singing song or dancing and where the jury always says that precise words give the competitors before some of them are leaving (even when they are not good) . It's hard, you have to imagine; at least here, where all of them really are terrific. <br /> <br /> To tell some of the stories, the characters used to sing and, in one second, the step takes a new life and it literally is 'a dream come true'. Music by Marvin Hamlisch and lyrics by Edward Kleban performs the transitional film without flaws, showing these dancers' feelings and leaving them wonderful choreography by Michael Bennett. The book of the theater also became a grim parallel and very short by Arnold Schulman; which is very touched at times. So, if not with a song it will be with a word; but in "A Chorus Line", it is impossible not to move. <br /> <br /> During one of the recurring breaks of the audition, Cassie, a special dancer played by Alyson Reed, takes the scene of convincing Douglas character that she can do. The words "let me dance for you" never blow again honest and more beautifully set in music and lyrics.
