Like a lot of pilot series, the Angel Dark Box displays a great mix of potential and a small problem trouble finding its own feet. Not that this is strange in any way, but there is a feeling that it might have worked best if the story was tightened and focused a little more. In today's world where something has to catch off immediately or cancel face, the series has made itself a bit of a bad by coming out at least half focused, with the blazing gun. <br /> <br /> Pilots in ninety minutes really feel like two episodes stuck together, and both episodes have a problem and focus. In the first half, we are introduced to Max and full of on that drive. We also get a few interesting routines with Max using his ability to win bets, interact with a PI, or sorting out domestic co-workers' issues. The problem here is that this is nothing out of the ordinary for anyone who has a normal set of genes, TVs or otherwise. <br /> It's when we hit the second half that we get a story with a goal and focus. During the two half, Max finds himself focused on the attention of a pirate journalist who feels he's the mission of life to save the world by exposing one dealer at a time. In the second half, the impact is catch up with him, and Max reluctance to clean up the resulting chaos. This sets up the site for the rest of the series, and it works, but it does not quite click if you get my meaning. It's like most of the pieces that have, but a couple who make a complete image they've left out. Maybe they get filled with episodes later, but that's around the point. The fact is that the contents of this episode can easily be said and twenty eight minutes later. <br /> <br /> The last of the negative is that a lot of support is totally freelance. Original Cindy in particular is an inconvenience, and I doubt that change during the next twenty episodes. While the act is not as bad as daylight soak, it's not the kind that I would recommend it. Jessica Alba is not the worst actor in the world, but it comes short in terms of being convinced when the story needs it less. The good news is that the quote and the production values ​​are all top-notch. In fact, this series was considered quite expensive to produce, and it is quite unfortunate that it was canceled in order to be replaced by another show that did not last a whole season. Especially when there was enough time for both shows - they could simply cancel one of the pieces of memorial lumps stuck under the reality television banner. The fact is that we need to show more like dark angels, where imagination rather than overhype, is used to draw attention. <br /> In all, I gave the Black Angel pilot a seven out of ten. It never got the highest level of TV's level, and it never has a chance to live up to the potential it shows in its own running time. But the potential is there, and that's often all that matters where pilots are concerned.
