This film was British first British film actually addressing the reality of the violent rock and rolling society, rather than being a silly parody of the 1950s young life. In an attempt to celebrate the work of Liverpool's Liverpool Junior Officer, the opening title pointed out that 92% of potential offenders, faced with this scheme, did not commit a second crime. However, this is merely a pretext of this teen-drama until the film epilepsy in which we are instructed that we should not feel responsible or sorry for these mixed-up delinquents might seem like. <br /> Stanley Baker plays a tough detective that reluctantly takes on the post of juvenile bonding officer. This hard-boiled character is a typical role in Baker. Having now on the trail of a notorious arsonist known as the firefly and not admitting the distraction of the transfer. However, as in any good police drama, it is returned full circle by a remarkable turn of events, back to its original investigation. <br /> <br /> First can be brought to the house of two teenagers, Mary and Patrick Murphy (played by real life brother and sister duo), who committed a petty flight. Here she meets Cathie (satisfyingly described by Anne Heywood) whose older sister she eventually became romantically involved with. It rapidly becomes evident that the critique environment at the Estates in the city is a breeding ground for juvenile delinquency. The great brother of the Murphy family, Johnny, is the leader of a gang of rock and roll heads. McCallum makes an eye-catching turn as the Indian mixed-up kid, who must be more like Marlon Brando than any British star. One is reminded of Johnny character's character of 'One of the Wild' who led a leather-clad gang of rebellious cyclists in many similar to 'Johnny' movie that led to his gang. <br /> <br /> Fortunately preachiness of earlier Crime Drama drama like the 'Blue Lamp' is not so appearing. Instead we are presented with several well-drawn characters on both sides of the law as the offenders drama and the romantic interest between Heywood and Baker take the forefront. <br /> <br /> The plot, too at times predictable, delivers some memorable scenes. The influence of disrupting that rock and rock music was thought to have been played out of a scene where Johnny abandoned himself to the music, leading an arrogant advance on the police sergeant. The most memorable film of the movie however is the scene of climatic scenes where a bunch of troubled school children, including Mary and Patrick, are held hostage by gunmen from Johnny. Obviously in the light of the Dumblaine March real life this scene looks like all the terrible. Understand because of this film is rarely revealed or available in modern audiences.
