This is a great little movie, that's very unique, and creative, with some great twisting draws and wonderful performances !. All the characters are great, and the story is scarce, is fascinating and very interesting, more Nicole Kidman is simply amazing in this !. It is very difficult to describe this movie, because it really is quite rare, it's a comedy / romance, one minute then it gets to a next thriller, however it's still pretty fun all the same, more accent Nicole's Russian was fantastic, and very compelling. Chaplin and Kidman had good chemistry together, and I liked Vincent Cassel's performance! And some of the drawings twists really took me by surprise! The finish was very nice, and it can not be predicted at all, this movie is well underrated as well! You will feel sorry for Chaplin and how she is scammed, and I thought all the characters were really likable, the more final is especially good. This is Nicole's movie though, and she brings it with incredibly sexy performance it !. This is a great little movie, that's very unique, and creative, with some great twisting drawings and wonderful performances!, I highly recommend this one !. The direction is very good! Jez Butterworth does a very good job here, with great work camera, solid angle and holds the movie at a fast pace! The actress is wonderful! Nicole Kidman, is stunningly gorgeous, and amazing as always, she is extremely sexy, very likable, had one of the coolest accents, added a lot of attendance, had good chemistry with Ben Chaplin, and she had a character very mysterious! , it was amazing. (Rule Kidman !!!!). Ben Chaplin is great here, it's very enjoyable, had a cool character, had very good chemistry and kidman, the only thing I did not like was to take out his anger from Kidman, though he did was wrong, and I loved as he shot revenge at the end! Vincent Cassel is fantastic as the main villain, yes he was OTT, but he was very intense and well creepy at times, this role was perfect for him. Mathieu Kassovitz is OK here, but there was not much to do. The rest of the cast is fine. Overall I highly recommend this one! *** 1/2 out of 5
