This movie really lifted me, as it wakes up the main character of this male brave film different from sleeping his life. <br /> <br /> This guy Guy (Ben Chaplin) leads his mediocre life safely to a bank teller in a small English town, until superbly gorgeous, wild, girl-to-die-for Nadia ( Nicole Kidman), ordered by email from Russia, came into his life to become his beloved wife, by Johns Plan. However a turn glitch - Nadia does not speak a word in Johns language. Although calm and emotions on the outside, John gets interested in Nadia's beautiful but instead of using the full refinancing policy of the matching service, he buys it a dictionary to begin the communication process. <br /> <br /> What's happening right now in the plot really shakes John from his sleep in a clerk that pays to secure and feels in a decision to take down face figure figures, giving the viewer a subliminal message "you would probably have to act the same". /> Kidman, Cassel & Kassovitz made a great act of acting Russia and they are almost confused from the real thing, "almost" only due to the slight emphasis present in the Russian dialogue, however slight enough to amaze a native Russian by the work Hard to find the words sound right. Nicole Kidman proves his talent once again by playing a character quite different from the previous roles, at least from the cultural background. The pace of the film is fast and captivating, and you certainly are not ready to let it look when the titles end appear, or rather feel that you are in the middle of the plot, and they leave with a desire to see the end as soon as that it's out. Go out and get this movie immediately and look at it and enjoy. Her psalm is up, she has a strange, big act, and ideas drawn under the surface. As with the idea of ​​"The Awakening Awakening" in the life of artificial life seriously in a wheel in a society's car, the life of the Fight Club was so tasty to quit and car in Pink Floyd songs (" Welcome to the car! "). I bet that in the end, John had preferred to cut off with Sophia on the roads of the unknown than have not met it at all. <br /> <br /> Thank you, writer, for the great story, and everyone else for this great movie! Please make an end! And you can step it anyway with the name of the place, because the authenticity of the place is irrelevant to 99.9999 percent of the potential viewers, I'm sure of it.
