I would highly recommend this movie! And I certainly will personally recommend it to my friends and family here and abroad! It was with excited anticipation, that I was just pre-ordered it online, I enjoyed it very much! It does not come out until February / March 2008, but it will be well worth the wait! But first go and see it in the movies if you can. There's nothing quite like Cinema-Experience in a movie movie! Insist that your local cinema put it on! I went to see 'Seachd, tonight accessible' tonight, down here in London, and was really impressed. It's a wonder: a truly wonderful movie in the Scottish Highlands: you will laugh, you will cry, you will be moving in different ways, you will be intrigued, and as the story of the story will reveal, you will be amazed in this revelation. This movie is in Scottish Gaelic with English subtitles, but do not let it divert you if you are not a speaker in the Gaelic: I just start, and my son does not, nor does many people have tonight, and he did not spoil it for us by any means to mean! Superlatives are not enough! The photography is superb - no CGI here, and the movie is all the best for that-here you have true photography! The script is so skilfully and subtle writing. The many-layer plot twisted the magic art of the ancient storytellers. The music is in vibrant times, at times haunted, but always adds to the atmospheric atmosphere. And the act? ... it is seen ... and the actors ... ... that the true weavers of this delightful yet profound movie, particularly the two main actors, the 'Padruig-young boy' and 'Padruig-adult the aging '(A true bard, if ever there was!), Who both carried a very heavy charge! With the direction? Well look out Richard! And the producer, responsible for increasing funding, hiring personal keys, and arranging distributors? A good job done! I hope you will ensure that distributions go from our communities abroad! With the Gaelic community? Up, without it could happen! We said that this film was made on a low budget, but you would not know it, and I think it might be well, because, for what they might have missed, they are more than done up with wealth of the heart, and the warmth and co-operation of the Scottish Scottish community site. <br /> <br /> A sincere thanks to all concerned in the making, and the sponsor, in 'Seachd' - Mouran taing! (Thank you so much!) Out of the gay in the world! From the World of the Wings!
