The scots glaze through storytelling. The traditional sort. Many years after the event, I can still see in my head an elderly lady, my friend's mother, telling the Culloden Battle. It makes the characters come alive. His passion is in a witness's eye. One of the events on the Heath sodden a thousand or so out of where he lives. <br /> Of course, it happened many years before she was born, but you would not guess the way she told her. The same story is told in the length and breadth of Scotland. As I discussed it with a friend one night at Mallaig, a local cut of giving her version. The discussion continues to close. <br /> History that happened below becomes part of that we were. Who does not remember the stories the parents told us when we were kids? They become our invisible world. And, as we grow older, they can always serve as inspiration or as an emotional tank. Reality and fiction mix and aspiration, role models. Warning stories. Archetypes. Magic and mystery. <br /> <br /> "My name is Aonghas, like my grandfather and grandfather before him." Our protagonist introduces himself to us. And also introduces the story that stretches back into generation. It produces stories in history. History that evokes the impenetrable wonder of Scotland, its rugged mountain hidden in nest. The thing of legend. But seach'd is rooted in reality. This is what gives it its special charm. It has a rough beauty and authenticity, tempered with some of the best Gaelic songs you'll ever hear. <br /> <br /> Aonghas (Angus) visit his grandfather in hospital shortly before his death. It burns with frustration. Part of her wondered to be in the twenty-first century, hanging from Glasgow. But he is raised on Western shores in a Gaelic Gaelic community. But there is a deeper conflict in him. He wanted to know the truth. The truth behind his grandfather's story. Where is the fiction? And he wants to know the truth behind the death of his parents. <br /> It is pulled to make a final decisive journey, at the peak of one of Scotland's most accessible mountains. Can the truth say? Or is it all in history? <br /> In this story about history, we review bloody fights, poison lovers, the folklore of old and the tradition sometimes more treacherous of true acceptance. In doing this, we each connect with Angus, as he lives the story of his own life. Seachd: The Inaccessible Pachak is probably the most honest, the unpretentious and really beautiful film in Scotland ever made. Like Angus, I got a little annoyed and apologizing in hanging stories about more stories. But, too, like Angus, I forgave this once I saw the 'bigger picture.' Forget the box office-office in Braveheart with its love. You might even neglect the fairly popular dramatization of the Wicker Man. To see a true movie Scotland, this one is probably unique. If you may meditate on it deep enough, you might even re-evaluate the power of storytelling, and the age-old question of whether there are some truths that can not be said, but only experienced.
