9/11 is a classic example of true movies, a sort of realistic documentary, in this case in New York fire as they fight against one of the most extraordinary events in world history. It's all small, discreet, but kept camera video, often betrayed by the poor quality of most of the movie (and by the director, but Naudet's often wiping the screen). Find out most of the firefighters - Tony Benatatos, the rookie (or 'probe', in the NY gardener fire), Firefighter Joseph Pfeiffer (who found he lost his brother later on) and some others. There are studio studios and most of these people throughout the movie, just emphasizing the personal, reflective nature of the events. The build-up is quite dramatic and well-designed, particularly the passing-out ceremony of the Fire Department, with a few useful swish-pan and a sort of dialect correction in the rather limited limit (just like Rob Reiner's a few good men ). Tony looks proud. <br /> <br /> The vision and angle of camera is usually among the firefighters, which are interesting and have some excellent footage inside the group at WTC1 while Pfeiffer and his team plans what to do next - this is the classic cinema truth. There is also the power, haunting the occasional human body in collision against the porsico outside. Then an increasingly proficient firefighter Pfeiffer realizes that his job is desperate and probably hopeless - and this is before WTC2 collapses. You must give credit to Naudet to know who faces film and at that moment. The sound of WTC2's neighbors falls so sad, tough and terrifying that you realize what a hustle this is for the Firefighters. From the group, it seems, feels like sounds like the end of the world and the poor firefighters look so completely disoriented and scared. You heard a great rumbling, earthquake maelstrom - like this in a giant, monolithic creatures slowly fell to the ground after they were so mortally injured - the neighboring tower fell again firefighters remaining at WTC1 are subconscious this event. What is the communication movie? <br /> This movie is fascinating yet the narration is unprofessional and should have been avoided - such signals as' this really was a day like no other 'or the Naudet is often verbal pronoun like' you could see pairs of eyes everyone 'and' i knew Tony was kicking out '! The movie is really just one long video journal. No photos from higher up the building where some of the firefighters went. Imagine this movie resource and CCTV footage in some of the rooms that are uphill or some of the news coverage of the day. The effect would be greater. You could even combine this story with Mayor Giuliani and perhaps the famous Rick Riscorla's Cornishman who literally had plenty to float up the hero's act. <br /> I do not see much of a propaganda component in this film, as some suggestions suggest. This film has no triumph of will, not Riefenstahl. Some time after the American flag flag fire on a nearby surviving building, negligence that became Ground zero. So, what? There are also some moments in dubious camerawork; for example, who holds the camera when the two Naudet brothers are assembled back to the fire station? Is it Scene? <br /> There is an excellent finish, many of the traditons of the excellent French director Alain Resnais (Hiroshima Mon Amour), and two strips of light reflected in the water, shimmying.
