It is true that you always remember what you did at a point when hit disaster or tragedy. And no more so than September 11, 2001, a date that changed the entire landscape of the world in its fight against terrorism. <br /> No, this documentary did not set out to be on the events leading to 9/11. Instead, the filmmakers, Gédéon brothers and Jules Naudet, set out for a documentary trials and tribulations in a New York rookie firefighter. They went to the academy and made some shoots in training, and handpicked "proby" (firefighters probation) to join them in a NY fire fire, home to Necessary 1 and Engine 7. But their production was developed and winning at that time, was believed to be the only shotgun in the first plane crashing at the World Trace Center. <br /> I traveled back with a friend to the train from a night of gaming bank, and received a call over 850pm local time from my father, who informed me of the above. A few minutes later, he told me that there was another, and that the WTC was under attack. Since I arrived at my home, the upper floors of the twin towers had flames and smoke, and my horror, they collapsed, under an hour. <br /> <br /> The companions had two cameras run that day, one who followed a team out on a routine call, and who immediately ran the WTC by hearing and seeing the plane crash li. We follow the possible only sequence films of events in the group at WTC1 where first responders in firefighters, paramedics, and police made sense of what happened, and quickly developed a plan of action. The other camera, made by the other brother, made his way to WTC for searching his siblings, and on the trip, captured the many expressions of New Yorkers, as well as the sense of chaos in and around Manhatten. > <br /> Peppered throughout the documentary are many interviews with the guys from Chief 1 and Engine 7, which miraculously, did not suffer any injury. But survivors also carried on its own series of psychological turmoil, as they struggle to come to terms with the event. Through the events that unfold, we learn from the strong camaraderie among those who are at risk of living and daily corners of their work, to save lives. We started with what the documentary was supposed to be, before the event of the day totally kicked in and became the focus until the rescue phase where the hopes of finding survivors under the rubble were kept alive by the men who worked The clock to make sense of the steel structures collapsed. It's not a movie that's manufactured, and what you see here can not be recreated in any other documentary (and the sky, not sound recordings for Hollywood blockbusters). It's as close as you can find that day, witnessing the event up close, from security. <br /> <br /> Code 1 DVD has an extra hourly interval of 4 sets of interviews with men in Ladder 1 and Engine 7.
