I was one of many who hoped to see a glorified, Yankee-doodle dandy portrait in a day (as famously quoted) would be living in infamy, rather than glory. How wrong I was. These guys were there, right in the middle of it, and the photos were returned to both amazing and heartbreaking. But it was all done on a tour of the global mall on September 11, 2001. Two French filmmakers compiled a documentary about life as a NY firefighter, particularly from the perspective of a young rookie coming to the ranks. At the beginning we see so much of this foot just to remind us that there was no thought to produce a movie about terrorism. This was intended to make a movie about regular people earning an honest living to help others, and the beauty of the film is that it never lost that edge. <br /> While investigating a suspicious gas line (I think the memory is a bit bad), we suddenly hear a flying plane. The cameras broke up to reveal a commercial plane Toronto itself in one of the towers. What should the cameraman think at this time? Recognizing the importance of the footage of the camera remains, and possibly even the same thing, FDNY allows the camera to follow in the building. What follows is a real life in front line. We see the FDNY commitment, the reactions (silence after hearing the first person killed by death are chilling) as well as falling into one of the buildings from the inside, while a second camera captures the events from outside. <br /> If not for the terrible event being covered, the foot alone should be any young doco-maker's dream come true. Quite simply, the foot deserves to be kept forever. But what really sets this movie apart is the genuine human that it brings to the viewer. We see firefighters loaded in bloody hesitation, people in different races help each other escape the waves of rubble and even the anxiety of the filmmakers for each other (they are brothers) as they can not happen with each other in the confusion. There are amazing sights as well as amazing human stories in this movie, something Hollywood could never copy (even if it tries). 9/11 is not a political film. Nor is it a movie about religion, nationality or even jihad for this matter. 9/11 is a movie about people, with a true indication of the best and the worst that we are able to. 9/11 is quite simply one of the most important films I have ever seen, and should be the only movie to be held at this event if it was up to me. You can not copy this.
