Super-slick entertainment with a stellar cast, an exceptional script, and a firm grip on 1950's approach. At that time, RKO turned out to be classic noir by dozens. But regardless of the underlying grounds, they reflected a war of attitude promptly to provide the sunnier climate in the Eisenhower era. Some of the late-40 films are more from sugar noir or more suited to decade consumer than this little comedy sassy. <br /> Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) works as an ad-person on Madison Ave. where in his daughter's words - it sells things to those who do not need, at the cost they can not afford. He made good money, but as thousands of others, he is tired of living in a "urban" urban barrier. So with Myrnah Loy's wife, they knocked out after their dream home in the wild in the Connecticut country. Needless to say, in the arms of nature, they get more than negotiations for and in a hilarious way. <br /> There's hardly a lifeline around the script. I do not know if writers Panama and Frank received an Oscar, but they should have. Of course, the humor turns on all the pop-up issues when people build a huge home on rural lands. The discomfort stacks up almost as fast as the mortgage, with all the unique types running the construction show and giving Grant a tough time. Of course, no one is suffering or frustration humorously passing Grant, so it's just one laugh well after another, particularly when the closet closes appears to be an inferior idea of ​​its own. But, unusual, the movie appears to be no funny high-point. Instead of laughing they are spaced out for expertise that are not peak at any particular point. This is a real movie triumph for any era. <br /> <br /> Come back 60 years later, we can see how deftly the script ideas look ahead rather than behind. With live maidens, Blandings can not be a typical Indian family, but post-war migration from the rest of the urban suburbia space was typical. And what more suggestive work to come to consumption than Blandings as an "ad-person" tasked with finding catcher ways to sell more "ham". More than anything, however, there's the optimistic sunny film. Oh sure, the feeling of falters at times, but the belief that a better future is on the horizon if the Blandings just stick to their dreams to bring them in. Indeed, life has improved for a lot of people while the wave comes, so I hope the movie resonates deeply with audiences of the day. It's that subtext is easier on-look, along with the absolute entertainment value, making this movie a key comedy statement in the post-war period. <br /> So if you have not seen it, catch it next time around.
