The roommate bought this documentary and invited me to look at it. He was from China and only heard a lot about 9/11 and wanted to know the truth cold and he wanted to tell him more after the documentary. I felt awful looking at this documentary, it was like the nightmare monks and still carry tears in my eyes. <br /> But I'm very grateful to see this documentary, because on September 11, I'm sure we all remember where we were and what we did when we heard, all of us could just think of some questions: "Why?", "How?", "What's going on?", "Oh, my God!". Almost all Americans were thankful for the brave firemen and life-threatening policemen to save others. But I do not think we thought about what they really did go though. This was not actually documented on 9/11, the cameraman was just filming a typical day of work and they just came to be a couple of blocks away from the World Trade Center and got everything out, and in, about tep. <br /> <br /> On Sep. 11th, I thought of myself "It's OK, policemen and firefighters will get the people out of survival." To be honest, I thought it was an accident, I was in my junior high school and getting changed from gym and getting ready to go to my science class. Someone went to the locker room calling "some buildings just got bombs in New York!", We all dressed quickly and ran into our classroom as we watched the first TV burner on TV . Not only 15 seconds later live on TV crashes to the second plane of the other World Trade Center and we knew that there was no accident. A few minutes later, we heard about the Pentagon and that a plane was headed for Chicago but was shot down. So many think to run in my head and I kept thinking about "What fire and policeman will do?". But the procedures I thought, they will know what to do. <br /> <br /> The first tower fell, we knew it, many lives are now gone, the second tower crashed, things would never be the same. Those firemen in this documentary showed courage, confusion, and strength, the real human emo human. They did not know what to do, they were just as scarred like those other people in the towers. They hear their body falling out of the men jumping out the windows. And here I was in a classroom just crying all that was going on TV. I was amazed by this movie and just wanted to go to New York and tell them how thankful all the Americans were for their help. I know they feel like they've just done their job, but they did more, they were the hero. Daily after Sept. 11th for 3 weeks were kept on digging out that there was no survivor but kept on hope and prayer. May God bless the kind and the brave. <br /> As for my roommate, she was crying and admitting this was her first cry of such attacks. He came to see the truth of what had happened to this tragic day. He asked "Why?" I did not know what to say, it broke my heart that people could be wrong. "It sounds tricky," but it was a normal day for everyone "one of the firefighters said in the documentary. No one expected this to happen. Not like that, these people at the World Trade Center or the Pentagon or plane are aircraft, they just do their job, happen to be there, or even just have to be a second one. They were not just killed, killed, and those who detachers made it with a song in their hearts. Then, in the Middle East, the people celebrated, why do people do that? They celebrate death and lost in: mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, friends, grandparents, aunts, uncle, cousin, etc. Why? <br /> So, thanks to these people for doing this documentary. You really think about the firefighters, policemen, and troops in Iraq and keep your hopes up that there are good people in this world. Thanks to all of these, you are our hero. <br /> <br /> 10/10
