Coincidence and start of the baby boom, the years after World War II saw an unusual exodus of Americans coming from urban apartments in the suburbs where they can satisfy their dreams of owning their own homeowners. Led by H.C. Potter and co-authored by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), this lightweight, but surprisingly watchful 1948 comedy screwball captures the feeling of very good periods. Of course, it helps to have a trio of expert farfors ?? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and a specially Acerbic Melvyn Douglas ?? top procedures and their natural likelihood of luck and frustration are escalating into your home ownership. Though the film is sixty years old now, there is a timeless quality of Blandings' dreams and the barriers they face in achieving it. Obviously, Hollywood thinks it has been recovering at least twice - first as a very physical Tom Hanks comedy, the 1986 "Pit of Money", and again last year with ice cubes "Are we doing that again?" A look at the HGTV program schedule will show you how the exploration situation here is still remembering today. The draw begins with those ads Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel and two daughters are cramped in a two-bedroom apartment Manhattan apartment. Instead of pursuing Muriel's idea of ​​renovating the apartment for $ 7,000, Jim sees a picture of a Connecticut home in a magazine and realizes this is where they need to move. With the help of a real estate agent opportunist and against the advice of attorneys and friend friends Bill Cole, the Blandings decided to buy a home ramshackle seriously in need of repair. However, the foundations of the foundation are so badly that the house needs to be torn down in favor of a new one. This landmark Blandings pushed the architect to design a home so too much that the second floor is twice as great as the first. Expenses rise with every new complication, temperament rocket, and even a romantic triangle imagined in the middle, Jim, Muriel and Bill. Priorities are finally sorted out, but not before some slapstick scenes and smart dialogues that ignore the not-so-blissful ignorance of new homeowners. <br /> With double it takes with impeccable delivery line, Grant is clocked in this kind of mashed potato, and Jim Blandings outlines his more domestic character among careers. In an original role for Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why she was Hollywood's perfect wife. He does not find much of the funnier lines, but combines her special blend of robbery and bronze making Muriel a character appealing to her own. Watch her cleverly maneuvering the painter's home with its colorful absorption studio itself. As avuncular, pipe-smoking Bill ("Cole ?? Bill Cole"), Melvyn Douglas shows its natural, easy-to-go flag as fake Grant. The younger roles were filled with expertise and turned into a particularly memorable turn by Harry Shannon as Mr. Tesander's well-ostracized men's laconic, Lurene Tuttle as assistant Jim Jim assistant, and Louise Beavers as Gussie adorable to the Blandings maid. The DVD 2004 provided some vigilant materials including two radio versions of the movie - the first version of a 1949 version that ended with Grant and Dunne and then a second version of the 1950s Grant and then his wife, actress Betsy Drake. A most suitable 1949 cartoon, "House of Tomorrow", is also included giving us a comic tour of a futuristic dream home. The original theater trailers for ten in Grant's classic films complete their extras.
