Japanese Tomo Akiyama's Keko Mask (1993) is very enjoyable movie garbage and so fun to watch! There are also some suites, but I have not seen them since these films are too rare. There are some types of re-being some days would be nice since I think many garbage lovers would like these films. The language of breathing is about a very strict school in which teachers think it is okay turtle students in order to reach discipline, which is, according to teachers, the most important thing in education. The school is directed by extremely funny looking (just looking at the costume!) Wizard / Whatever, who is like school principal, and only adds to the campaign that he never explained why he puts a suit ever Other teachers are perfectly dressed. Well, the main thing about the movie is its name, Keko Mask, who is some beautiful and masked fairies, who come always to save the girls and students abused and tortured by their teachers! Yes, this superheroine is one female effective as it kicks and fights the evil teachers and totally cheesy villains playing on the background. The most important thing is, of course, that he does not put anything but a cape with a mask and the rest of his naked body! His identity has never been disclosed in these films, and also credits say "Keko Mask: Unknown" while the names of the actors are listed! <br /> <br /> The most hilarious thing in this movie is how Keko Mask killed his enemies. He has a gorgeous but vital vagina! Yes, you read right. He killed his victim by flying in the air ahead, spreading his legs and leaving the enemies becoming numbly seduced in the look, after which he jumped closer to master the neck and legs! The most common last line of character saying in this film is like: "I never saw such a nice cunt" and "Now I can die peacefully." This movie is totally fantastic !! There are also some great taunts towards Japanese societies for example its attitude toward sex in the movie (Japanese cognitive scams / fake puppies in any movie) and also about some restrictions among school students (like Girls and boys are not allowed to talk in this movie etc.) There's a big scene in which one Nerd sees the girl making you know-what is the first time, and says "Hey has no fog in it! "I could not help but laugh during this scene as I thought of what Japanese thinkers think about. Also, a character says in the end that it will return, if Japan Films allow to end. I'm glad she allowed me as I heard the outcasts equally outrageous. One end should include Brother Blesses (yes, these Blues Brothers!) In it etc. <br /> This is the most enjoyable, funniest garbage of the form and it is also clever and so it is a little shame These films are so hard to find. This would definitely be even greater experience, if it was little faster moving at times as it gets little boring at one point, but fortunately these segments are very few. This film should be seen to be fully believed that there are plenty of garbage elements not mentioned here and it should not even be necessary to tell them all here. If you like cinema garbage and movie made with the very cheeky language, I think you'll love this gem gem as I do, and the director is definitely a genius in this field! 8/10 Maybe the only movie in which a shining vagina is this lethal?
