I borrowed this movie despite its very low rating, because I wanted to see how the crew managed to host the presence of multiple worlds. As a matter of fact, they did not - at least, so it seems. Some appearance of peers off rather neglected in the movie - that's it, this is what the majority of viewers think. However, the surprise comes to the end, and unfortunately then, when probably most of the viewers have already stopped this movie. I was also surprised when I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese title in this film meant "Voyage of Death". This is the spoiler. <br /> <br /> This movie is about a young girl who goes ALONE on this boat (on completely clear reasons), you understand only in the last 5 minutes. When you start the movie with the English title "Haunt the Pirate" in your mind, you clearly think that the appearances of quarrels in strange figures are the "ghosts". But in fact, this movie is not like most other horror movies told from far-reaching writer's perspective who can be at almost any time differentiated between different levels of reality, he said from the perspective of young girls a. We see it by itself, but with four friends because she sees them. We do not see that it is alone. So the parallel worlds are not the emergence of the flickering cellar in the photo-stream, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world in which the girl is with the world of which 4 friends. An intrusion in a third world is probably the young man and medical skills that come for a while on the boat. <br /> I can not get rid of the deep conviction that with this film, the movie makers "scam" an audience of several thousand people do not let them believe that what they did was more or less a sophomore The student-film is elaborated and has "chosen" pseudo-actors who have just met the night before they start shooting at a dump after at least twelve beer. How can one mistake be! But in addition to this great surprise that one learns only in the very last minute, at the end that follows another surprise. The girl is saved by a team of helicopters and another boat. When he recovered from his shock, he visited the place where he boarded the boat and four friends. And they are again! They waves it from them from the boat that has already taken off the shore. He jumps into the water, reaching the boat - and away. Miraculously beautiful. He reminded me a bit at the end of a poem by a writer Rhetoromance: When I got up, I saw death standing in my bed. But I close my eyes. When I opened them again - it was gone.
