What happens to rock-n-roll stars in the late 1990s? They launched a comeback / travel meeting. At least, this is the membership of Strange Fruits, a (fictional) 70's rock band group performed. Tony (Stephen Rea) has the concession on car sales seller when he runs the son of the developer at a famous music festival. It was at that festival in the 70's that unusual crushed fruit. The 70's are "retro" and the time is right in the waves wide. He was lying in search of other members of the group. Part of what broke the band was the death and replacement of Keith, the lead singer and brilliant singing writer. The group was known for its too much form and now they all returned to the working class from where they came. Beano, the drummer, played by Timothy Spall (who was brilliant in Secrets and Lies) is a layabout, the bass player is a roofer, and lead singer is still a roker. While he owns a huge mansion he was forced to sell it, as his wealth did not last. Brian, the lead guitarist, is dying, so a young guitarist hired to replace him. A bit reluctantly the group agrees to give reunion a try. Abandoned work days, they began to report, and the managers approached the labels on their reissuing albums. But he wants to start touring again first. So they hit the club racing around Europe. The club scene is not good at those who are overweight, dated, old rokers. It is about travel that the movie really begins to develop. All of the old conflicts backpack, and the figures of Keith and Brian hovering at all. They all hang together because they are all in search of a second chance for the greatness that eluded them earlier. And they discovered some of the interplay seminars that made play so enjoyable. <br /> Always start crazy as Spin Tap II, but gradually become a film more focused dramatically, following the relationships of band members. While it is still a very funny movie, it is the browsing characters, struggling to cope with the deaths of Brian and Keith and their own personal demons, making the movie work.
