In the voice over which the movie began, Hughie (Billy Connolly), a roadie for the 70 unstressed Fruits band band, said why lightning struck at a rock festival to stop wearing the unusual fruit was that God was sick of excess 70 years. Indeed, it was popular to put down that era of music, and to see punk as a welcome antidote to it. While I agree the excess was tiring (as well as encouraging them misogynistic that came out of it), and like punk, I'm still a fan of what is considered classic rock or glam rock, and this movie about long strange reunion The strange fruit is a tribute affection in those days. <br /> One of the reasons the film works is the care of the people behind the scenes. Brian Gibson ruled out what he liked to do with it, about Tina Turner (while I was having problems with the dramatic parts of the movie, the music was very well cared for), writer Dick Clement and Ian Le Frenais co-wrote COMMITMENTS and were behind the music-oriented British television show on the shark, and the songs were unusual playing fruit was co-written by the Mick Jones Alien (not to be confused with the Mick Jones Clash), so it was a meeting of those who knew what they were talking about. Also, two cast members are musicians in their own right (Bill Nye I do not know about, though the movie credits it with his own songs, and it certainly looks like a lead singer in that era, while Jimmy Nail was in another British TV show that was music-oriented, though I forgot the name, and was at EVITA), and others are convinced of it. And while, as I said, a lot of the 70's Bands like Strange Fruits behaved seriously towards women, the film did not make the same mistake (except for the woman who followed Timothy Spall around); As the manager of the reunion, Juliet Aubrey is quite good and plays a completely rounded character. The other actors are indeed as well, with special praise Stephen Rea, who manages the role of more dramatic assets without sentimentality. There are a couple of draw points that do not work, but in general this is quite enjoyable. Oh yeah, and the music is good too.
