This series could very well be the best Britcom ever, and it says a great deal, considering the competitors (Fawlty Towers, Good Neighbors, not only from). What made Butterfly so superior, even at best of the best, is that it did not just exemplify great, classic, stylish and intelligent comedy, but it also expanded horizons, reflecting - perfectly, slowly, and throughout detail - the great social change occurred in Great Britain at the time. <br /> I remember watching this show as a teenager and being tremble at everything about it. The leaf represented was remarkable in itself. This was the first time I saw real people using wireless phones. And the wardrobe of all the characters was far removed from the succession swit jumps they still see in North America at the time. Then there were decorated, fronts shop, cars. These people - even the layabout sons, and the philosophical approaches to life and humorous epigramm - were sophisticated. They were examples of the "New Europeans" that would come to have an impact on life and style throughout the world in the coming decade (1980s). Of course, the quotes were weird and fantastic. The idea that someone who had lived the suburban dream would be so discontented and restless was revolutionary, particularly North American for whom happiness was still defined as money and things (to ensure that the situation was shown in US cinema and television , but not with the intensity of butterflies or film in Montenegro). And, if the quote was not surprising enough, the means by which he expressed his capture in the extreme. A potential affair that was not really about sex, or even romance? Butterflies were dazzling, but it must have left some people smacking their foreheads of disbelief ... at the moment anyway. Butterflies have turned out - in many ways - prophetic. He documented, ahead of his time - post-modern era, all-ubiquitous form, the notion of emotional inaccuracy, and generations disconnected with male discontent (described entirely by father-father relationships). It's too bad this series has not been discovered in a great way, and all that involves providing credit for creating a sense snapshot in a certain time and place, and predicting all the slickness and anguish that has come up.
