It might be a little erroneous to open a review by describing a movie in terms of other films, but I think it is the best way to give an approximation to the Election Place occupying the gangster genre arena. He works somewhere between butterflies and Kinji Fukasaku's yakuza opus Yakuza Papers (AKA fights without honors and humanity), in that it is both romanticized and realistic, black and bravest. But it's also a Johnnie For Movie, and as such it brings the different touch of Hong Kong to authors. <br /> <br /> Every year the HK triad chooses a new boss. Only this time one of the candidates is not overly pleased with the result so he decides to take matters into his own hands very much in the dismay of the rest of the triads and the police. That's the story of a nutshell but rest assured it has a lot more to go for it. As in the Yakuza Papers, there's a great deal of claims, back-stabbed and forming and switching to leopard (sometimes all it takes is a phone call - in one of the most memorable scenes I've seen in recent times ) that might not necessarily make for drama deep but make for an interesting plot and good character conflict. Fans of the gangster genre are likely to appreciate it in that aspect. Elections are not as action-oriented as one might expect; although it is violent. And I'm not talking about the brilliant, glamorous version of Hollywood violence. This is dark and gloomy. Camera stuck on the scene of the brutalized people in ways that reveal both the humanity and the inhumanity of the perpetrators and victims; After all violence is an integral part of us if we love it or not. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with Style For, then you should know what to expect. The rally is relatively slow and deliberate. The cinematography is large, slick and dark in the same measure, using dark tones (brown, dark green and orange) while the shots are followed without adding a vibrant quality to it. At the end, Elections occupy a peculiar place. It's not exactly a character study and it's not an action-oriented gangster movie. She explores a situation (the election and its consequences), but does so in style, and it is both realistic and romanticized (the Triad ceremonies in particular echoes of a Oriental godfather).
