First of all, I must say that I made mistakes in watching these Elections films out of sequence. I say unfortunately, because after seeing Election 2 first, Elections seems a bit of a deception. Both films are epic gangster that look like shapes. And while Election is an enjoyable piece of movies ... it's just not nearly as good as it's the end. <br /> <br /> At the first Election Installation, we show the two competitors for the President; Big D and Lok. After a few scenes of discussion among the "uncle" as those who should have the title of President, they (almost unanimously) decide that Lok (Simon Yam) will helm triads. Trying to say that does not go so well with Big D contender (Tony Leung Ka Fai) and in a way influencing the control, Big D kidnapped from the uncle in order to tear the election board around him. This is the result of disaster and the triads of the trials of an entire war. Lok is determined to become President, but will not become official until he can recover "Dragon Head Baton", a material representation of President's power. The current president, Whistle (Chung Wang) has hidden the baton somewhere in mainland China and the race is about to see who can recover it first .. Many of the film is devoted to the recovery of the Baton. As research leader aspiring for her to dodge the cops and opposite places, leading to one of the scenes stand out in Elections, involving an underling named Jet (Nick Cheung), a machete, and many bad guys. Nick Cheung's presence is careful grabbing to say at least ... I wonder if this director influenced Johhnie In any way while doing second Election, as he delivers more of the jet character to the end. While Nick Cheung gives a stolen performance stage, I must not fail to give due to the rest of the movie actor. Elections have a great deal of dropping along with well-thought out both subtle and impact performance. Simon Yam himself is usually glorious and the film also benefits from heavyweight HK actors like Louis Koo, Tony Leung Ka Fai, and sub-appreciated Suet Lam. There are really no weak links in the act and one could easily believe they are watching real gangsters. Despite their performance is great, one of the most impressive things about Election is Johnnie's eyes for the camera. Some shots really hit the movie and go without saying that definitely know how to frame its shots, as the viewer is treated in a series of innovative camera and brighter and angle angles. All that makes Elections, above all, a great looking movie. <br /> <br /> My problem with the movie occurs mainly from the amount of trafficking of characters involved in Elections. It gets a bit tough to follow because the movie is so full of non-integral characters of the scheme. While end-to-end focuses more on the two candidates, the first election offers the election process as a whole and tons of uncle, subtlety, and police officer crowding the scenario. Perhaps the film would have worked best if it would be a bit longer and more time dedicated to the inner workings of the Triad, or if Johnnie Director would have funneled down the necessary elements and explained to them more. <br /> <br /> Under Line- All in all, this is a brutal movie with a great cast, excellent direction, and leisurely rhythm packed punch. It's just a little more complicated than it is necessary to be.
