There can be no refusal that Hak Wui (Election English) is a well-designed and well-defined film. The movie uses plenty of smart pieces of identification all the time playing and modernity again sticking to tradition ?? a theme played and across the movie where Hong Kong movie John Woo is action packed with the top of their explosive content as seen in Hard Burning (1992) and when Hong Kong's film makes residents down to the rhythm of the storytelling From the 'bad' point of view, they can sometimes bege and just become simply unmemorable, a good example being City on Fire (1987). Election is a memorable film for the absolute realm of its unpredictable scene, spontaneous and violent actions that are made in a realistic and tasteful (if the right word) as well as little smart 'pieces of film'. It's hard to spot during the look of the Election really constructed in a kind of three acting structures: there is the first point of anxiety involving the current election and the voting voted at ?? Not everyone likes the decision, but what's wrong to say, go. The second act is to restore ancient bands from China that tradition demands to be present during the inauguration and the third final consequence of the inauguration and certain characters come up with their own ideas about how triads should and might be running. Needless to say; Certain events and twists occur during each of the three thirds, some are small and impertinent while some are bigger and spectacular. Election has some flaws and the majority will come in the third opening. Trying to kill the time surrounding an election that only takes a few minutes to complete was clearly a tough job for the writers and filmmakers and showing at many points. I got to feel that a certain scene was just starting to go somewhere before it was interrupted by the police and then everyone was arrested. This occurs a few times: a battle breaks out from a restaurant but the police are there and everyone is arrested; There is a secret meeting on the batons between the Triads but the police are showing up, and everyone is arrested; Some other triads have a pre-election speech but the police show up and guess what? You know. Once the movie gets out of that Rut that I thought it would, it uses a sacred stick as a tracing device to get everyone moving. The stick spawn some good battle scenes like the chase in a truck after it was chowired, another chase involving a motorcycle and a kung-fu fight with a load of gun melee on a street ?? The scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent but as I said, they are in a 'tasty' way. Where the election really affects his attention to fine details. When the triads are in jail, give them the cords and suggests they are all animals in their case like this as they behave on the outside air in conflict. Another bit of attention to detail is the way the toast tunnel was used and was not alcohol, elevating themselves above other top gangsters that would use champagne (Long Friday good) and also referencing the Chinese tradition of drinking to celebrate or commemorate. <br> <br> <br> Election is a good movie that is structured well enough to enjoy with a movie that has fantastic performances-as-scenes as you look at what's going on. There are some indoor environments with the dress as well as the buckles in style that pour on as the search and chase for the stiff intensifies. The inauguration is like another short film entirely and very well integrated into the movie; advice in Chinese tradition of the process. I feel the best scene is the end stage as it sumpt it up perfectly: two fishing cereals characters and debate the decision of the Triads all while remaining realistic, unpredictable and violent: in a tasteful manner, of course.
