When I think of these films are fun-kind guilty, the first thing I think is' 80s slasher flicks. Really bad slasher flicks. The formula formula formula, where all a script needed was 2 parts of the blood and various parts of stripping to be done. <br /> Flash forward to the end of '90s / early'. The slasher pile was revitalized and successful in 1996's "Calling". As in the '80s, these films were formal, masking a lack of inspiration by labeling themselves as "hip, tongue-in-cheek parody" of the original slasher flicks. In this recent mix of neo-slasher flicks, "hip parody", only one view is the low-budget, direct-to-video "Cut". Like most of the other "new" Slasher flicks, "Cut" relies on the production of a slash movie, in this case a fictional film "Hot Blooded" in 1985, commenting on the genre. "Hot Blooded" never ends production, because of murder by someone wearing the mask in the movie killer, scarman, a bald and silky figure sewed close and black, eye-petting less. Now, 12 years later, a group of film students, whose teachers took part in the production, decided to go to the graves, tap the original actress to survive, and finish the movie. But whenever the film is screened or shot scene, "Scarman" returns to a dead person. For the quote line, will the movie finish before it ends? <br /> This all sounds really bad, and a degree it is (really, is there such thing as a good flash slasher?). There is no character development (the "new" director reveals to be the daughter of Blood Blooded's original director, whose lives have apparently lost themselves after the production was canceled; this would have been a detail perfect to be worked in the plot, but never mentioned again), and, as in all other slasher flicks, there are just too many bodies to care about. The actors are not big, even by direct-to-video standards, but most have fun with the characters (and for those who are not, it's inadvertently acting characters, since none of the characters in the movie wanted to work on "Hot Blooded" ), particularly those who were lucky enough to play Scarman. The bigger "Cut" there is no big "who suffer" devastating in the killer as in the movie "Call". He does not kill the Gimmick "Urban Legend" movie. What it has is an original and interesting concept that is diluted by a "way that we can write an end if it sells properly". But this par for the course. <br /> In any sensitive look standard, this is a terrible movie that should be avoided, but this "quality" is what makes it true to its root in the slasher genre, and this is what make it more enjoyable than any of the other neo-slasher snowflakes.
