Twelve years ago, production stopped on the slasher flasher "Hot Blooded" since almost everyone on the set started to die. Now a couple of movie students have decided to finish the film, despite the fact that there's a rumor that the movie is cursed. Well, they're about to know that some curses are real. <br /> <br /> When Call Call, all countries seemed willing to cash in on its success, even Australia. The concept, which today made of death (a slasher movie in a slasher movie) was at the relatively fresh and original moment. This film was released right before Urban Legend: Final Cut and Call 3 (well in the United States, but in Australia) so it felt like the first movie with this concept. When Urban Legend 2 was released, most of us were all prepared to grow ill in the concept and since the movie was not the same, the movie leaked dezastrously. Now Cut is not the best slasher flaster ever, and neither he tries to be. She knows that she's a rip-off, and even threw a girl who looks like a blonde version of Neve Campbell in the role of starting. But instead of trying to add some new and original torsion to the story, they decided to rip off some 80s slasher flicks like "Nightmare on Elm Street" as well and surprisingly enough, that's actually working. The assassin is very creepy and that mask is just killer! And instead of trying to scare the audience to death, they created a very good and creepy atmosphere that keeps us in the most suspense of the movie. There are a couple of drawn traces of the movie though that I could not completely ignore, which ended the biggest draw hole in the movie. Spoiler front; I mean, they burned the copy only in the movie for where the hell found the print that they showed in the final scene? It does not make any sense to you. End of progress. All in all, Cut is a very creepy flicking cops and a funny story but I consider this to be one of the best RIP-offs that never make it big. I am surprised that this one never had an end, but I guess it just came out too late. <br /> <br /> Stop Australian flashlight slasher and very few crises. Cut is still a very own slasher movie and I'll have to recommend this one even though I consider the story to be quite funny since it's completely funny.
