Like all of Angelopoulos's films, "Stopping the Stage into the Stork" implicitly requires a close and intimate involvement on the part of the viewer, a fact that has certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work. Dialogues are dispersed, with no monologue or exterior interconnection of the characters, doubts, or feelings. The smoker prefers to keep viewers away from their own emotional responses, and instead force them to explore and study the characters' identity for themselves. As a result, the act is understated and implicit, as opposed to explicit and explicit. <br /> <br /> The scene of action placed between long intervals of contemplation, where the viewer is asked to become a participant, to participate as an actor, not probe him or his own psyche. As in a novel, where the drama rested entirely on the author's writing provides a template where the reader's imagination and / or past experiences, Angelopoulos' drama rested in his image: use it in the long shots, the time taken, The leisurely rhythm, the limited dialogues that became his trademark, invited the viewer to experience the movie from his perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to take high intensity moments, returning to non-verbal language in terms of gossip, gas, sound, and music, believing that words can only take us too far. The music, by Angelopoulos' long collaborator, Eleni Karaindrou, has given more than just a secret background, but gets himself a dramatic element of the story. A large part of the film consists of exterior shots in subtle, mild colors, recorded in a drab winter light. Angelopoulos presents us with a "other Greece," one far different from the Greece in the tourist brochures, and volatile blue sky and sea emerald, drowned in an eternal sun. Here, the sky is covered with gray, the air is cold and misty, with the sands of the primitive beaches being replaced by the snow, which was trampled, snow in the village streets. Angelopoulos 'engineering at Arvanitis' camera is on display throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> "Stop the Stork of Stork" is above all else a political statement aimed at the socio-political situation in the Balkans at the end of the twentieth century. It is deeply concerned with the meaning of "borders," and with the victims of the confusion between the nations. In the "waiting room" facing the Albanian border, refugees, politics or other, beyond the rest of mankind, wait. They can stick to a political border, but unfortunately they still carry with them and hang on, the borders of ancestors: those in their language, customs, and races. Although Angelopoulos's political views are well-known, the film turns out to be clear in any political speech regarding the causes of refugees. In the process, Angelopoulos forces us to meddle on the concept of geographical, cultural, political, and personal "borders." <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos considers himself a historian of Twentieth Century Fat, and he loves to bring lessons from the Hellenic bees to his discussions. In this film, he made some borders crossing between the Greek and Italian cultures, drawing from a Homeric combination to Dantesque tradition of Odysseus' journey. Alexander is a Telemachus, in search of a story about an aging Greek politician / Odysseus who has disappeared, never to be heard in again. This politician, a brilliant speaker, unexpectedly and inexplicably leaving the comforts of his bourgeois existence, his wife, and his brilliant career, lived anonymous in a refugee camp and below the bar. He became a poet in exile asking how to change the world. Of course, the "politician" is not Alexander's father, but the "politician" stands before Alexander as a fig tree / Odysseus. Like Telemachus Homer, Alexander is growing up as a human during his audience. <br /> Of course, it would be wrong to try and see the movie in response to Homer's Odyssey in a contemporary context. Angelopoulos draws on Odysseus's journey only as structuring and thematic elements for his film. At the end of Angelopoulos', "Odysseus" is more like Odysseus Dante's: he does not leave for Ithaca but goes on, "carrying a suitcase." And Alexander / Telemachus is "suspended" between returning home and his career, or embarking on a trip to "elsewhere." He stated that many, in a voice-over at the start of the film, paraphras some lines from Dante's "Inferno": "And do not forget that the time for a trip has come again. The wind blows away from you." < <br /> Finally, although Angelopoulos is not a religious person, there is a Greek Orthodox religious theme presented during the film in the form of joint-to enjoy the linens, who go around improving things for their fellow fellow Do not reconnect the communications, and also the face of Christ as "the politician." In the final scene, these yellow men show once more the influence of Byzantine's iconography at Angelopoulos' work. They appeared as "elite," religious figures found in the Orthodox tradition, clear and fiery people who took their remains on the poles, in a form of asceticism. The movie ends without a resolution as the true identity of the character played by Mastroianni. Angelopoulos does not give us any indication, and the statement of the wife, "It's not him," is far from convincing and leaving enough limits. The important issue of the film is not whether it is or not the politician disappears, but that he might be the politician. But the movie always ends on an optimistic note. Whereas the wires of poles on the poles run only by the river, and so communications across the border are still not feasible, and it remains impenetrable, we note that this final scene is taken at a point of Life across the river: the camera has crossed the border, and the reverse tracking shot is inviting Alexander and the viewer to follow beyond the border. Against this, Angelopoulos gives us hope that somehow, some of the borders will eventually be confusing.
