One of the most enjoyable aspects of Asian movies (or, indeed, nothing to do is make these holier-passing-you States) is the permutations that crop. In the post-World War Two Japanese manga (comic), for example, must find a real endless variety of topics, many of which are contemplated in uniquely imaginative fashion. The same thing happens in the movie-making genre, as well; though, again, I refer to movies made out of the US. (where we're just too "sophisticated" in our pre-minded to appreciate anything that's not about or not US). Is an American company, for example, back by one but a series of movies featuring a professional writer McSanto (El Santo) or a werewolf (Paul Naschy) or a real martial arts (Bruce Lee) ...? As for TV: forget it. While I still love the KUNG FU series that befell David Carradine's advance, I always felt that the American version of Asian martial arts was - how to put it well - a bit lacking. On this very day, there was no paid-per-channel channel featuring Asian martial artists playing Asian martial artists in Asia. (There are plenty of soft-core pop masquerades as entertainment shows, but the chain of Action called, for example, has yet to be imported or to produce a real martial arts teleseries.) Before Brother Cadfile investigated murder on the BBC , there was, in all of this, at least one Koun Fu film featuring a martial arts group more or less involved in a murderous mystery: 5 GENEEN VENOMs. In its own right as fascinating as any other genre based whodunit (west, show cop, etc.), this martial arts chief stands out as a really superior piece of work. It's now available to Dragon Dynasty and the print is beautiful and the DVD DVD by Bey Logan is exactly the kind of intelligent, thoughtful analysis that these gems really deserve. If you are a martial arts movie fan, rejoice: one of the largest genres films of all time (especially, the martial arts film in the 1970's and early 1980's) will receive a lasting life (and many appreciate second look) on DVD.
