A dead Kung Fu master sent out her latest students in order to track down what happened to the five previous students who were members of the prohibition of Poison Clan.He is to see if they are acting for good and if not He also stops their master wishing the student to find another member of the family who runs off with the tribe funds that the master wants to use for good. The earliest students all taught in a different style snake, centipede, scorpion, lizard, frog, while the last student taught a little in every style. All students finish in one city looking for old people and all the money, and soon everyone will fight for the money. <br /> <br /> Classic martial arts movie has titles that even many fans do not know. I talked to a couple of casual fans and this seems to be the one movie that the top stickers. It's a very good movie, though I'm not really sure why this movie stays with people when my money has the best movie in the Shaw studio (An Armed Army or Brave Archer series for example). This is not to sell the movie short, it is not, since the film is structured as a mystery, our hero has no idea that anyone with the Venoms themselves only knows the best of that of the others. We're giving the identity to four but we still have to work out that the fifth really. The film is also odd in that for a martial arts movie, other than a training sequence at the beginning and the massacre of the old man and his family for the money, there is really no action for about 40 or 45 minute. It's a bold move to do it but it pays since the plot and performance to keep your attention. (The movie is also odd in that it's the first of my martial arts film I think I've ever seen where there is no woman. I do not think one has a talk and I'm pretty sure no appear in the background It's indicative of nothing, it's just something that hit me.) This is a good solid movie that can not live up to the reputation it has in some circles, but it's still a really good movie folded up and on your couch. / <br /> Around 7 out of 10.
