By the late forties the era of the vicious comedy was over, as the films moved in a different, comedy and otherwise direction. With TV exposed on the horizon, Hollywood would soon be in for a very rough time. Where, wonderful, would the movie have gone television has not come along, or its reach on the scene was delayed by five or ten years? Mr. Blandings Builds Dream House offers a comedy way to develop. Jim Blandings, along with his wife and two daughters, lives in a beautiful but way too cramped New York City apartment, as one day it gets the idea bright that it might be fun to realize her dream to build a home in the suburbs. So it buys some properties in Connecticut and has one to build its exact specifications. Well, almost. Had he known the problem he was in so he might have changed his mind. Then he might not have. You decide. On this wonderful feature a wonderful movie result, full of conflict between the middle class dream of owning one's home and often in unpleasant reality in acquiring one. There is nothing that comes easy in this life, as Mr. Blandings learns; but one does not need miserable just because things do not always go one way. There, after all, running in length. But Blandings asks himself every few minutes, how long is time? <br /> <br /> This movie is a pleasure. No, I suppose a masterpiece of Capra-McCarey's tradition, but he is a worthy successor for the thirties, and may well be a president of things that happened on TV by changing the cultural landscape for radically . There is real heat in the picture, and a good deal of (W.C.) Fieldsian hard-side reality obtruding occasionally, but not so much like leaving a bad taste. The people in the movie are all very clever and affluent, but designated by the upper middle professional are not so rich in the upper class. <br /> <br /> Player lead Cary Grant and Myrna Loy play Mr. and Mrs. Blandings Perfection; while Melvyn Douglas is fine as penguctive lawyers, who often have to bring up unpleasant topics, such as how the real world works. There, too, a wonderful sense of what to want in a better one theme might be called romance in suburbia, which was in its infancy in the immediate war years, as one saw the woods and rivers drew people in the country in first place. Those most definitely fish out of the water then are still largely rural Connecticut. In a few short years things could change, such as the angry rush of suburbia would be in full gears, destroying innocent innocent of many pastoralists were eager to get into the small towns, which would soon be connected to highways, charging and bottles and boxes, efluvya are rivaling anything one would encounter in the city.
