"In the world of old-school Kung Fu movie cinema, where revenge picture became a dozen a cent, he took a lot for a movie stand out - and even more to make it a favorite fan after all these years. Chang Cheh's finest film continues to influence Hong Kong's film industry, from loyalty, fraternity and revenge as they explored by John Woo (who began his commencement in the HK film industry working for Chang) during the great day The heroic heroic blood during the late 1980's, in more modern movies as a man named Hero, sports a character in a costume inspired by this film. The influence also brought to other areas as well, from music like Wu-Tang Klan, the TV for sprite and video games like "Mortal Kombat." So what makes this movie so special? The plot - on the surface - is very simple.It deals with members of a naughty group known as the "Poison Clan" looking for a hidden treasure by the sifu. It has the exceptional ability of kung fu, designated by animals, or "venoms" (lizard can rise walls, scorpion has a deadly strike, etc.). The twist is that since the family still wear masks, not all of them know who they are. So a simple plot becomes almost a suspense suspense. We're not talking about Suspicions Often here, but it's far above many other kung fu movies in the allotted time. Supposedly, Golden Harvest was not too happy with Chang's script - as most of his movies, they felt he was too black and violent - and they actually wanted him to add great comic relief. Fortunately, Chang stuck in his gun and remained with his original script, which has since been revered as one of the best for the films in his time, if not ever, to fill out an almost perfect dramatic arc The backbone is good for extraordinary action sequences. <br /> But what's really solidified the movie is the venom itself. Chang Cheh hit on a magical formula with the cast - not only found martial arts martial arts (with movements, competition without the help of wires or other special effects, putting more modern martial artists) but also great actors. The formula proved so popular that Chang usually had one or more of the venues in his later movies. When you go back to artifacts, in most old-school schools, the actors seem to be playing out cutout boxes, but here the actors actually create characters. It seems that everyone has a favorite venom (I'm Philip Kwok - best known in many like Mad Dogs from Hard Boiled - as Leza) and this personal connection is the characters that the five generous deadly venom making it a real classic of the genre. Even if you are virtually not a fan of old-school school, you need to check the Five Deadly Venoms out, if nothing else is to see where modern movies have received their inspiration from. "
