Of all the kung-fu films made in the 70's and 80's this is one that has developed a real cult of these. With the exception of all the movies Bruce Lee starred in this film is the test of time and its due to the unique story. An adult Kung-Fu master tells his latest student Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about five students he has trained in the past. All five masked masks and nobody saw face with each other and all formed differently. The specialties of kung-fu are the name adopted as Lizard, Snake, Santipede, Frog and Scorpio. The master is called the Poison Clan and he does not know what happened to him wanting Tieh to find them and help those who are doing good to stop the others who are wrong. An old man who once was a member of the Poison Clan has a map in which he hid a lot of money and it seems to be a target. Tieh does not know what they seem to have mixed in society and try and figure out who they are. Tieh discovered that the snake is Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) and along with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu) which is the Centipede to kill a family to find the card. A map found in a mysterious man who seems to be the scorpion, but knowing one knows who he is. A local policeman named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) investigates the murder and his partner Ma Chow (Chien Sun). Sin has a friend called Li Ho (Meng Lo) who is the frog and they know of each other's identity. The snake glittered local authorities to hang their bruises on Li Ho and while imprisoned he tortured and died. When sin finds out it team up with Tieh and together they go to combat Tung and Kue. This movie was directed by Cheh Chang and he was a very special director when he came to the movies. Chang did not run you to grind the kung-fu director and his film still had a special quality. While most martial arts films deal with revenge Chang did not use that as a central theme. Though some revenge goes on later in this story this movie is more complex than that. Five men trained by the same master in different ways and wear masks. Then they are all in the same area and do not know what the other is. This unique film makes this movie different from all the others and most of the story changs were in a whole class by themselves. I would not exactly put it in the same league as "Enter the Dragon" because Bruce Lee was a worldwide icon and his martial arts exhibited most authentic looking. This film still has some unavoidable feats like holding in the walls and flipping through the air but this movie is not necessarily on the battlefield. More on the intrigue of the story and the characters involved. That alone makes this different from all the other kung-fu films. Very well done with a unique story.
