This is definitely one of the best Kung Fu movies ever, and can be one of the best movies ever ... He got a big draw of features such as a puzzle, and lots of intrigue and suspense. This movie is full of cats and mouse games with deception, and those who hide their identity and their nature. The characters in this movie live and breath more than your average movie kung fu movie. They are all interesting and compelling with the film to perform a great job in giving them scenes to show their personality and desires. The fighting scene plays out like little stories and many of them are very original and interesting. It has the sequence of cool training and martial arts skills that are so awesome to enter the domain of fantasy. There are 5 members of the poisonous clan each with its own style that reproduce the special skill of a venomous creature. The styles of each of these characters are fun to watch and you can see the techniques used in training apply during the film ... When this happens, the Director uses quick cut back to the training scene to draw a parallel. These cuts are accompanied by music changes and sound effects and the whole thing really works nicely. One thing about this movie is very original is the way it treats death. Director of Chang Cheh was obviously very concerned that the film does not trivialize death. This makes some of the scenes in the movie much more effective. We actually take care of people who died in this movie. This is because the camera doors on the horror of death even when the bad guys were killed. Some of the sequences in this movie are truly shining wrenching. When characters go in search of your revenge really feel their anger and pain. <br /> <br /> At the same time, this is also a fun movie. It has all the typical things you expect from a traditional kung fu movie. There are bad doubles, the characters are willing to fight in the drop of a hat. Some of the sound effects are hilarious and at times the behavior of the characters is incredibly unrealistic ... all this just adds to the magnitude of the movie. <br /> <br /> And do not forget that this director was a more talented visualist than most of his contemporaries. If you watch this movie well you will notice that the great skill of the art of display is virtuoso. Everything goes by so fast (because of the quick cut style and the quick camera movements of the genre) that it is easy to overlook how beautiful the movie really. The lighting and the spectacular compositions at times. The camera work with very sophisticated movements along with very fast paced rhythmic corrections ... In the scenes that show suspense and intrigue for example, imagine Hitchcock moving at about twice the speed. Chang Cheh was really a master craftsman and artist who knew her genre, and could produce valuable materials while working at it to the limit. It does not rattle the boat in the kung fu genre film, but in a subtle way its skill instill every scene with every shot and adds much to the quality of the work. It is an important ministry that continues to influence many people. <br /> This is the real package A kung fu movie that delivers on each level. It's art, it's garbage, it's emotional move, and it's fun, it has a true sense of morality, but it does not allow the morality found in the way of delivering good action. I recommend it to everyone if you are a fan of this genre or not.
