When it was first out, this work by the Meysels brothers was very criticized and even judged to be exploitation. Luckily, it is now considered a masterpiece of documentary cinema, especially now that society has been exposed to real exploitation of what reality TVs, and the evolution of bad in most direct movies. <br /> <br /> Really, at first, we must say that this is not really direct movies, it's more movies of truth. The difference between the two is very slight, but it is especially the fact that in this documentary we have made them feel the presence of the Meysels brothers, and they interact with the characters filmed. This also makes it clear that it is not exploitation. Mayels were allowed at home, and are included in what is a very unique situation in a very unique home. And both Edith and Edie just love the idea of ​​being filmed. <br /> <br /> It would be extremely disappointing to have been very much shown to be a voice of God narratives and deep interviews. Here, we are given a full portrait of madness in the house, a fool that seems to go down well with both Edie and his mother Edith. Homes are a mess, garbage and widespread creatures, color faded with furniture throughout the house, and the constant battles that are constant interactions in reality. These two people have lived with each other all their lives, and they are not fighting the camera because they want the attention, but rather because they can not help communicate with each other in this way. They know each other too well concealed interior feelings, there is no need. In the end, though, as they blame each other for their lives, they really love each other deeply. Edie says he does not want his mother to die, because he loves him very much, and Edith says he does not want Edie to leave him because he does not want to be alone. <br /> <br /> But the most interesting aspect of the movie is that regardless of age, the two women can not help girls. They can not help being the singer, the other the dancer. Show all artistic skills in front of the cameras. When Edie asks David Meysels to rhetorical "Where were you all my life?" It is really very happy that it finally gets to show the whole world itself and its wonderful showgirls skills. A beautiful portrait of stylistic importance and a very easy charm must ever be seen again, the only way Meysels and some others could do.
