"Cypher" is a cleverly designed design on industrial espionage set in America in the near future. While thermally not complex, this film offers many different perspectives on personal loyalty, unforgettable, and corporate conspiracy. To a certain extent this film also attempts to represent modern corporate groups and companies as being indifferent to the risks of contract employees taking on their behalf. The movie starts off with a bit mediocre salary, Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), who applies to the Digicorp group to work as a civilian operation. After an initial briefing with the Chief Security Digicorp, Sullivan is then giving a new identity (Jack Thursby) and sent to a business conference with the work of recording speeches provided by various spokesman regarding marketing strategies in each of the respective companies them. Upon completing his first success, Sullivan / Thursby sent on further missions to find the same type of information gathered. However, in one of his "business trips" inadvertently ran into a woman named Rita Foster, (Liu) whom she met about his previous assignment, and from there things go very topsy-turvy. The implications of a demonic scheme involving the Digicorp spying program begin to exit and Sullivan is forced to go deeply covered by one of Digicorp's main competitors, thus becoming a double agent involving an intense rivalry between the two companies. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> What I loved most about this movie was used in the effective lighting and shade of a lot of scenes. They used lively lighting in household / household environment, while a lot of shade and dark coloring were used for environments including deception and cover-up. I was also very impressed with Jeremy Northam. Not too often I've seen him in the lead role, and the fact that he plays a miserable man married straight from Wisconsin was brilliant. Personally, I think it is one of many people who use the actors in the industry that have not given more interesting roles. Lucy Liu was also incredible in her part and gave the film her real bright-and-finger tone. In addition, the rest of the support cast did a superb job, however, my only complaint was that some characters could explore more to make the plot and closing a bit more complicated. For example, I would like to see what would happen if Jack Thursby had developed a more intimate relationship with his second "wife". In general, this is a stylishly developed story with bucks that keep you guessing at the very end of personal and professional loyalty and whether anyone in the movie can all be trusted. With a smart and stylish soundtrack and great camera work, this movie provides a scary look at how corporations might operate in the near future. I'm surprised that I never looked at this "hidden gems" before. This is a brilliant thrilling, not-too-too-complicated spy, and therefore I give it a 9 out of 10.
