Hey right now, you really, TheatreX, found this while grubbing in the bug video market, in almost new conditions, and in reading the back of the box to see that it was a bit of a "hit hurdle" "So, of course, he came home with me. <br /> What a strange movie. The aunt and cousin of the former first lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis lives in this house of rotten 28 rooms in Long Island (Suffolk Co) and shares the house with raccoons, cats, pearl (ey!) And who knows what else. Suffolk Co. was on a point for living in Holly and Old Jackie himself coming by putting things right. Anyway, this is one awesome scary, Big Edie and Little Edie ... Edie (the daughter) always put something on her head and dance, singing, and giving the camera apart that rarely makes a lot of sense . Big Edie (mother, age 79) apparently loves to run around naked, and while we get the suggestion of what might look like and thankfully this was nicely (?) Make at the point where we're mercifully killed out of that. These women talk and talk and talk, especially about the past, and it does not make a lot of sense, except them. They live in absolute waste, chat doing their business everywhere ("Look, that the cat goes to the bathroom behind my portrait!"), With one room appearing to be center of operation. If I close my eyes and listen to Big Edie's voice he reminds me of my late aunt, who came from this area of ​​the country and there was that Lawn Guyland accent. A scene with Little Edie puts on repellent, beautiful, you can see all the cats scratching all the time for the place to be infested. The box refers to these two women as "unique", and I should say in this case it is just an euphemism for "wacked out of the gourdes", but this movie is not without its moments where you really feel something for them. This is equally creepy party, sad, and disgusting, but I could not stop watching once I started. This is not the "normal" type of my sticker but I found it to be a bit fascinating. It will not be for everyone though, guaranteed.
