I saw this movie a couple of weeks ago, and it has been stuck in my head ever since. It stars two spellbinding characters in what unfortunately a mediocre documentary. To find the true story of the Beales, I had to walk through the DVD bonus material and comment and search the web. Although the Maysles and fans (not mentioned Edith and Edie themselves) brush at the suggestion that this film is exploitation, this is exploitation in the true sense of the word. Very little efforts are each made to explain the Beales or how they came to the conditions of the - Maysles approach seems to just turn the camera off and wait for Edith and Edie to say something outrageous. The sound, even on the criterion re-release is poor and hard to follow. Although I appreciated this film was a bit early in the film documentary story, it's ironic to compare it to the Geraldo Rivera series (!) Far from being over-sexually abused by psychiatric patients at Willowbrook's state-of-the-art statehood in Staten Island since 1972, Four years before gray Gardens were shot. <br /> <br /> To remind a review of the New Yorker, there were many things Edith and Edie needed in their lives, and a documentary was not one of them. <br /> <How to Edith and Edie, the thing I kept thinking while watching the movie was "where hell is their family"? They lived in dangerous, unhealthy, dangerous conditions. How does Jackie O, married to one of the richest people on Earth (or the relatives of the wealthy themselves) could not afford to get Edith and Edie a decent home? Or at least in many hired a part-time housekeepers or caregivers coming in and keeping an eye on them both? She is disappointed with a lasting shame in the family of Bouvier. Although this review may sound negative I would recommend Gray Gardens to all those who enjoy the documentary. Maybe someone will come along and make a documentary on this documentary - bring in the rich backstory (and after) to Beales and the whole section of Hamptons Society in the 1970s.
