It's actually a good thing, Sean Connery retired as James Bond, as I'm sure he would not be able to keep up with the now-espionaged business, where fast cars have been replaced with hi-tech technology poisoning and gorgeous women are considered to be less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cypher" is a very inventive Sci-Fi thriller that often recall feelings of fear and claustrophobia despite being completely implausible. You know the trend in these kinds of movies: there is nothing that it looks like just when you think to calculate the complicated scheme, the writers make sure you insert a new twist that confuses everyone else. The events of "Cypher" supposedly take place in the most important regions of the computer world, where the largest companies do not really do a lot apart from trying to steal each other's thunderstorms. Digisoft companies literally spend millions of people in brain and giving them a new identity, only letting them infiltrate as their biggest contenders, Sunways Corporation. Sunways, on the other hand, are still trying to demonstrate Digisoft-rat and recruit them as double-spyware. In between this whole business unprofitable to stand Morgan Sullivan; a seemingly shiny thirty-something employee who was chosen by Sebastian Rooks (the super-spyware) for wiping secret rules of the company. Believe me, it's actually less complicated than it sounds with director Vincenzo Natali (dude from "Tube") carefully taking his time to present all the important and less important characters. The first half of the film is rather reminiscent of sadly franking John Frankenheimer gem "Seconds" ?? start rock hudson ?? as it also deals with deleted identity and drastically changes your old life style. Even the pieces appear to come straight from the 60's film, with loads of blank white rooms and unusual odors that seem to be endless. There are also plenty of great action and suspicions, most notably when Morgan soberly experiences how the Digisoft team inspects the brain-techniques results during boring conventions. Section in the movie shoots a little bit, especially because you already realize that it's all just built towards multiple scam draw traces, and I was hoping for a slightly more grim painting in the not-so-distant future. Jeremy Northam perfectly cast and adorable Lucy Liu is convincing mysterious as foxy lady who looks at her side. David Hewlett's Chief Executive Director has the most memorable role of support as a counterweight engineer Suways Virgil C. Dunn. "Cypher" is well made with adrenaline Sci-Fi entertainment noise, highly recommended to those who fully love to use their brain's ability from time to time.
