Cypher is a clever, efficient and unreliable film that delivers. Its first good is well presented and its content has been released in an efficient way, but also in a genuine demands. Although someone could instantly label the movie in a science fiction, there is a little more of it. He has it's features of science fiction science but the film looks like more of a Noir detective feeling than anything else that really adds to the story. The movie, in general, plays out like it's some kind of nightmare; so build and maintain a good atmosphere. We are never sure of what exactly is going on, we're never sure why certain things are happening actually and we're not entirely sure of certain people, just as having a dream ?? The ambiguity reigns over us all? Heroes included and I have not seen this pull off in such a way in a movie before, the Brazil Bar Terry Gilliam. Going with the ceremony to declare earlier, Cypher presents itself with elements of horror as well as detective, noir and science fiction gives the feeling to be something of everyone and integrates its elements well. also a feeling of espionage in the movie that helps the detective side of the story. The mystery surrounding just about everyone is disturbing to say the least and I get the fact that the character of Rita Foster (Liu), who is supposed to resemble a fatal femme, can be seen as less of a threat to that Everything else happens around the hero: Those who appear to be friends are actually not, people say they are helping them actually using and those who seem insensitive enough to actually deadlier than they look. Although a lot of things have to change, twist the plot several times and order orders that are placed across in a way to make them seem that the world will end if they are not carrying out; The only thing that looks the most dangerous is any romantic link or connection with Lucy Liu's character ?? and she tries to help out (!) the movie keeps that feeling in two places fighting a war of espionage, espionage and keeping one up on its employees and opponents. All the stuff plays out like some sort of mini-cold war; something similar to the U.S. and the United States in the wars of the great day of glowing the word and it really pulled in to the black, weak, often CGI lite screens that I stuck to. <br /> <br /> What was also rather interesting and a nice added added shot to insert trip to certain American states was similar to microphone computers as our hero flew to and from destination declare it ?? Significantly then how much more he acted on Foster's own motto this sequence disappears because he breaks away from the computer, repetitive, controls life that he says to live and is branching out. <br /> <br /> Cyber ​​is very consistent in its content and has all the elements of a good movie. To say it looks like the first movie of Jason Bourne, just wearing the sci-fi genre, it's not enough to slip it, but you can see the similarities; despite being both released in the same year. As I mentioned earlier, there is a feeling of having something in this movie for everyone and if you can look past the ending rather disappointing that a few people can successfully predict, you'll find yourself enjoying this movie.
