Although recognizable as the best film treatment of the difficulties that a home country has built (or purchased) in your specifications, it is not the first, nor the last. In 1940 Jack Benny and Ann Sheridan drove them to the movie version of the GEORGE WASHINGTON SLEPT comedy by George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart. And over fifteen years ago Shelly Long and Tom Hanks had the lead in the PIT. The former was about moving into an 18th-century home country that ... wrong, need to work. The letter was about building your dream home - by the late 1980s. Although the two films have moments, both are not as good as white, based on a autobiographical novel of the same name. Jim Blandings and his wife Muriel (Cary Grant and Myrna Loy) are noticing the tight corners of their apartment, which they share with their two daughters Joan and Betsy (Sharyn Moffett and Connie Marshall). Although Blandings has a good income as an advertising executive (in 1948 it will make $ 15,000.00 a year, which has made $ 90,000.00 today), and life in a luxury apartment - in New York City on that day lwe! - It feels they should seek something better. He and Muriel take a drive in the country (Connecticut) and soon find an old ruin that both imagine can be fixed up as that dream home they want. <br /> And they both fall into the hole of financial pests that buy land and construction can cause. For one thing, they are so gung into the idea of ​​building a home like this they fail to listen to warnings after their wise warning, if cynical friend and lawyer Bill Cole (Melvin Douglas, in a nicely sardonic role ). For example, Jim purchased land from a Connecticut dealer (Ian Wolfe, sucking it slowly), with a double check checking the correct price for the country in this part of Connecticut. Bill pointed out he had paid about five or six thousand dollars more for the country than it was worth. There are problems on water supply that both Blandings just never think about, such as tough and soft water - leading to the Zis - Slow gently slicing machine. They find that the designs they have in mind, and they worked out with the architects (Reginald Denny), can not fall far into a SPUR at the time decision by Muriel to build a little rookery that nobody plans for. <br /> <br /> The stairwell expenditure of the project is one problem that bedevils Jim. He was appointed to handle the "Wham" account ("Spam" became a popular outcome of the Second World War, in which the public began to use it as a substitute of meat, in the light of its success and the armed forces) . Jim can not find an outlet on this (he's not alone - one or two other executives fumbled before him). It comes with this bit of "poetry" (?): <br /> "This little Piggy went to walk, <br /> It was pink and as cute as hell. smile through his tracks, <br /> As they gave him the ax - <br /> <br /> He knew he would end as "Wham"! <br /> <br /> Jim is also increasingly suspect of the attitudes of Bill Muriel, although (in this case), the secret looks like it needs a right jacket when he reads one! Bill is blameless. But he's still around (Jim keeps thinking that Bill is one of clearheaded, and that he's caught Jim and Muriel out of making mistakes). All three have the worst, being the best when they get locked in a half-timbered building, as the men left for the day. They can not open the door, and Jim (in a panic) tries to break the door down to a beat-making bat. He breaks a window, and the door opens alone. The movie works quite satisfactory, and all of the actors apparently enjoy themselves. It's one movie that (despite changing price levels and salary levels) really does not broadcast at all. After all, most Americans dream of owning their homes and still have. A number of years ago a painting company made use of a delightful scene with Myrna Loy and Emory Parnell regarding the paint works Parnell has to do on the various rooms. He carefully shows the different colors of red, blue, etc. he wants - even giving a parnell polite a single wire for the right shade of blue. Advertising was argued that the painting company had a wide variety of colors to choose from for your painting work. They proudly call Loy "Mrs. Blandings" in their commercial introduction. You can imagine even if the parnny has no nonsense to handle the situation afterwards, when Loy leaves it with his paint crew.
