The director of Vincenzo Natali is a thrilling and fabulous thriller that, although requiring some suspension of belief and concentration, managed to be a very fun experience. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), a stay-in - husband who has a wife, has decided to add a bit of spice to her mundane existence by finding a job as an industrial spider of high-tech company Digi Corp. His work is to travel to conference across the country (under the assumed identity of Jack Thursby) and secretly broadcast speeches to the back of his employer, through a little nonsense pens-gizmo. <br /> <br /> In fact, however, speeches are merely a cover for further fetishes. Morgan, along with his fellow lecturer, is brainwashed. The water was drunk placed in a temporary coma, while they were told to forget the pasts and permanently adopt their new identity. Once they are fully convinced that they are someone else, they have been told to apply for work with rival companies, where they can be indebted to corporate spying without suspicion. <br /> But the Digi Corp's plans are scuppered by the shady operation-for-hired Rita Foster (Lucy Liu), who opened Morgan's eyes to what's really happening. He gives Morgan an antidote to drug-altering ideas so that he can resist the brain techniques. She also warns her that if Digi Corp suspects she does not believe she is Jack Thursby, then she'll be 'eliminated'. Morgan plays together, and applies for a job at Sunways business rival. However, reaching its new workplace space, it was given a polygraph test and immediately rumbled as a spy. Fortunately, the Sunways employers see this as an ideal opportunity for nurturing Digi Corp information and Morgan becoming a double agent. From that, in things to find progressively more complicated; Twists are drawn and turned and poor Morgan old finish up by being able to trust anyone. In an exciting final, all eventually becomes clear (but only if you've been following extra attention event). <br /> <br /> Natalia's Principal's Trial Suitcase and certainly have a great ability to produce an elegantly looking movie for a relatively low budget. He managed to gain some great performance from his talent; Jeremy Northam, in particular, is fantastic ?? His painting of Morgan initially somewhat nervous was played in perfection. Cypher is another movie movie from a director who wants to take a chance and I look forward to his forthcoming project, high ups and necropolis.
