This is a superbly imaginative budgetary film sci-fi budget from director of Vincenzo Natalia. The movie plays out like a cross at Phillip K Dick and Hitchcock and Cronenberg and the movie takes on a unique feel like nothing you might see. The movie is sting superbly, I love the cinematography of this, it feels cool and original. Plot-wise film explores similar themes to films such as Total Recall, Black City and the Matrix and the beautiful sci-fi discos. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburbanite who is bored with his life and has decided to take a job as a spy company for Digicorp, a great technology techno. He meets with a recruiting officer at the start carrying Sullivan on board and instructing him about what he did. It basically involves going to conference lectures at rival companies and recording through a disguised satellite transmission device such as a pen. It means he must take on a different character and keep him secret from his wife. After her first job has become strange, her habits change, her personality starts different and she suffered pain in her neck and headaches as well as nightmares. She met a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (played by an intriguingly cast Lucy Liu.) She takes an instant attraction. However when he goes to his next job, he sees it again revealing himself to be an agent of some sort that reveals that his work is not quite what it looks like. He finds out later on what he and the rest of the people involved in the conference all work for Digicorp. The conferences are all covered for allowing people in their spies to spy on their spyware. Sullivan, whose alternate name is Jack Thursby who gave an antidote to Digicorps drugging and while the rest of the spy at the latest drift conference in what looked like a brain-dead day while talking to drone on the speakers send all the assistants to sleep through subliminal messages.) The lights locked up with the Digicorp worker come in shining light from all the eye occupants to ensure they are not conscious and then in an impartial nightmare situation to bring together For each member who sends messages to the brain and the brainwash precipitants believe they are someone else. Digicorp uses these people as puppets and creates personality and life for those people while wiping their own existence. Sullivan now must pretend that he entirely believes he is now Jack Thursby. Digicorp wants to steal information from the Samways rivals and they want their own puppets to do it, they now effectively monitor those spies, except for Sullivan. When samways get a hold of Sullivan and discovering it's not actually brainwashed they decided to use it as a pawn to spy on Digicorp, making Sullivan a double agent. They know that Digicorp sent Thursby to work on his way to Samways and work his way up the system until it can be found in a situation to download important information companies that would close the company down. Samways realized that he was planting and decided to play along with Digicorp and allowing Donnby to infiltrate their data but will give Digicorp a dodgy disc that will ruin the systems. The scheme starts to twist and turn as both companies use Sullivan as a pawn. She is stuck in the middle and Rita Foster is a mystery as she tries to work out why she's helping her. When a mysterious third party gets involved, the person in it reveals that Foster works for, Sullivan must decide whether to go to this freelance agent, who can guarantee him a new life and safety or stick with one of the the companies it works for. The tension all builds into a larger stonking as it looks just like everyone wants to throw it once its utility has expired. Throw is great. Northam is superb and the intricacy of its performance is excellent. He brings a great visual aspect of his performance, his eyes tell a story and we see a great subtle change as his character changes from Sullivan to Thursby. Lucy Liu is just sexy beyond her beliefs and presence she gives a great dynamic of the movie because it seems strange to file but work because of this reality. The rest of the cast are also good. <br /> <br /> The principal Natali who has before the classic cucumber cubic cube cubic cube was a real visual flair. She scared the movie superbly as well and gave it a great look. For a low budget film it features some visual imaginary effects and although the CGI is not great it never started too much in a center of negative film effects. The movie really brings feelings into the uterus and other sci-fi films, it's up with them. The plot is almost overwhelmed at times but the truth helps in a movie like this, that's where the influence of Cronenberg and Lynch is evident. The movie has you still working on what's going on with really surprises as it goes along. This is generally a classic class clear and I can see this being incredibly popular when it is released in the states. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
