This Filmfour funded sci-fi movie is most definitely a must see. While it takes great influence on the Manchurian candidate and offers no new or original scheme of wisdom; It is busy with the utmost skill that it comes as being cool and inventive, although it was basically a re-run in an earlier film. It is good to know that films like these are still occurring (even if they do not receive wide releases), and Cypher is worthwhile for this reason. Torsion is drawn and turned, giving it a component of paranoia and also serves to keep the audience on the edge of the chairs while trying to figure out the meaning of Cypher's mystery. The plot follows Morgan Sullivan; a boring man who decided to take a job with Digicorp involving his listeners speech from several rival companies and registered them for reasons, his, unknown. However, his work is cut off when it meets a mysterious young lady known as Rita ... This film features a number of white cracks background that gives it a very surreal corner and good mix with apocalyptic imaging in the future. This gives the movie a very odd look that sets it apart from the majority of other films of the same type, and it's only real close affiliates were Kubrick's An Orange Mechanic. The plot is also very effective and sort of character development in favor of more stylish - and more thrilling - the development plot. You never know where you are and the plot, which serves to make it all the more intriguing. The act is largely good and a largely unknown cast to retreat the team of the stars; Jeremy Northam and Lucy Lui. Northam very much looks like the party's quiet and discreet man in the center of the story, and doing well with his role. Lucy Lui is an actress who has a summary that does not fit her talent, but she has a look at her that just fits this movie. <br /> <br /> Cypher is far from perfect as some of the sequences are logical and at times it can be inconsistent; but on the whole, if you want a contemporary invented sci-fi movie; Cypher is the way to go.
