Canadian director Vincenzo Natali took the art-home tour by storm with the intriguing and amazingly clever cube, which is my favorite SF movie in the 90s. It defines the basic consideration of a group of strangers trapped in a maze shaped like a giant cube, firing entirely on a set, and taking this idea toward fascinating. I was really waiting for Natali's follow-up, and although it took five years for him to hike another project, I'm happy to say he was worth the wait. Cypher is a fascinating exploration in place of one person in the world, and how in a completely logical chain of events, finds himself in a situation beyond his control. <br /> I do not want to reveal too much about the draw, because one of the joys of Cypher is the different avenues he takes us down. It is so refreshing to this day and age to see an SF film that has more than one mind in mind. Cypher is like a movie. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), one of the most blandest blandest ever-winning market, is hired by the company DigiCorp. They are sent to different parts of America in different seminars. For her confusion, they are unbelievably boring. Often Morgan is waiting for one seminar, she runs in Rita Foster (an imperkably cast Lucy Liu), a girl's definition of ice. He gives it the brush-off, but there is something he gets unstoppable. That's not too surprising to consider the circle of marriage she is in. Rita turns to another at Morgan's seminar, saying her life is not what she looks like. And I do not say anything more about the plot. To do this would cheaply impact the rest of the movie there on us, as well as the tired path that's so much fun to follow .. <br /> <br /> As with cubes, Natali shows quite a talent for encompassing seemingly ordinary people, taking them out of the familiar, and basically seeing what will happen when they are pushing to the unknown. And Cypher follows similar patterns. But it's not a carbon copy of cube. He has his own inspiration. Cypher is a movie that has more in common with stairwells and paranoid stories. One of the great things about Cypher is the way these terms creep into the story without your knowledge. When Morgan realized her fake identity is a piece of a bigger puzzle, it's as much of a shock as it is to him. One thing that distinguishes Cypher from cubes is how much more polished it is. Where Cubes were imprisoned in a minimalist environment with a shoestring budget and a cast of unknown, Cypher is also on a low budget, but Natali saved it as much as he can, allowing him to expand the horizon, with Morgan launch on an amazing journey across the maze of his own identity. <br /> <br /> Natalia's direction is exceptional, with a nimble hand on the kidneys. There are some amazing camera angles from above, such as the enormity of the DigiCorp building as a vast, robust office block in the insignificant strain conjunction that Morgan stands out. The shades seem to have bled from the picture, which compliments the tone of the movie perfectly as a modern movie-noir movie. Acting is exactly the same at all. Jeremy Northam is a sympathetic figure from her unmarried marriage in questioning her own identity. Its performance is excellent because it's so modulation. It literally seems to transform the many of our many faces. From a steam steam to a trusted person who will do anything to preserve his new identity. David Hewlett put in a welcome appearance that made such an impact in cube. He lives in a secret silo that seems to have been borrowed from the Black Man. His scene is one of the best because it's an exercise of hopefully calculated with paranoia. It is an assumed expert to identify double-silver, and it's a fantastic piece of writing, brilliantly acting by Hewlett. All he did is look at Morgan, and we're designing in his complex game itself. But it's Lucy Liu that's the stage stealer here. Too often, it's cast to the movie where its potential is not used for all effects. But in Cypher, it is finally given a character that fits it like a glove. Rita is an aloof, watching femme fatal by Liu referee with relish. I perked up every time he appeared because he is still in control, and can reduce a room in silence by the power of fixing his ice alone. <br /> <br /> Things come to a very aggressive end, which does not conclude on a Cubic Score note of the Cube Road. But Morgan deserves happy ending it. After having put in the ringer like this, I'm happy for her to the final stage. It's a perfect final moment because it comes like a sun rays after a gloomy 90 minute. <br /> <br /> Cypher succeeds on all counts. Engaging, shocking, always fun, it's all that Total Recalls wanted to do but did not. And it comes as a refreshing antidote to the womb overwhelming and inexplicable. <br /> A fine follow-up from Natali. And now I'm a comet fan of the man. Superb thing!
