Is this based on a comic book? A video game? A drawing by a 3 year old? There is nothing in this film to be taken seriously at all; not the characters, not the dialogue, not the plot, not the action. There is nothing. We have high-tech international / criminal terrorist bickers like pre-school children, man-of-steel-resiliency resilient Stallone resistance towards ice-cold weather, so dumb dialogue that it's sometimes almost hilarious, and so on. Even the coding that uses the bad guys is mute ("tango-tango"). A movie that is fun in some suspense, good action-sequel, and a beautiful snowy mountain setting. Oh, yes and the mood is unintentionally. The movie opens with some really bad and compelling gay gayan between our go-lucky and cheerful characters who obviously have a "swollen time". Then comes a sweat-induced fist-rescue party, which should make anyone with problem-in-heights trouble wanting to pull hair out. Then we have some more bad dialogue, and after that some more bigger actions. This is the rhythm of the movie in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Stallone's Traditional Exchange and Turner, when they meet after a long time, so soap, so cliché, so fake, and so bad that it should force a chuckle out of any viewer self-respect. Soon after this display of terrible writing-dialogue, we are witnessing a spectacular and distinguished shot of an aircraft. The whole action is one big absurdity, but it's mindless fun at its best. Although the rest of the action is interesting and fun, the aircraft scenes are really the highlight of the movie. After the landing, our master-criminal looks for a guide and ends with Stallone and Rooker. They sent Stallone to seek the first case of money, but somehow they did everything to make it as hard as possible to reach it; They take most of her clothes (so it can freeze) and will not give him the equipment it needs (so it can fall). Are These GANGSTER Wanted to FETCHED Money Or Not? Very funny. Apparently they do not trust Stallone, but surely they know that they can still black-mail him using Rooker as a hostage. But our gangsters make it hard to climb the Stallone, if there are no logical reasons then at least show us how really they are wrong - so there is no doubt. And for those who might still be skeptical about how bad the guys are bad, they overact, brag, and snicker in a really wrong way. Everyone is convinced? Well. You would be best for you. Otherwise the writers will be cast into a mass execution of the twenty-school children, just to make sure that the evil of the bad guys is clear to everyone. <br /> <br /> The old guy who flies the helicopter ... How did the hell fall for the trap? First, he was warned by MTV's Air Force on criminals, and secondly, he must have heard the Stallone and the Rooker's voice on the Walkie-talkies. A whole bunch of exotic verbal traditions takes place, and Lithgow has the honor of getting into most of the funny lines. "Get to my back!" Lithgow: "I did not even start climbing on your back." Or, Lithgow Stallone: ​​"We've got a deal, but now we only have one another!" And as for the Lithgow's gang of murderers: these guys never seem to want to kill immediately. They are very creative about it; They philosophy, pretend to be playing football with your body, and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone co-writing this stuff. I have no idea what drug he was about when he did it. I would hate thinking the script is this bad because of a low I.Q.
