Watching Cliffhanger makes me nostalgia for the early '90s, a time when virtually every new action film can be described as "Hard Hard in a / on." Cliffhanger is "Hard on a mountain," and very good, for what it is. But unlike passengers 57 and under siege, which decent dead clones say on their own terms, Cliffhanger relieves and accumulates the feeling of many action films and embraces enchanting landscapes that, in their vastness, threatens to overwhelm and trivialize the conflicts of people fight and die among themselves. <br /> Years before other cinemas as a simple plan and Fargo dramatize crimes and killings on the sliding platforms, Cliffhanger director Renny Harlin recognizes the visual impacts of brutal violence and brutal violence to survive against cold and indifferent natural environments. The opening sequence is already very glorious, all of which deserves: its intensity allows us to forget the artifice of the camera and the actors and simply believe that what we see is actually happening. Not even Harlin's insect inflammation, which is powerful ineffective, but still threatens to become too much in a joke (with which it is repeated in Deep Blue Seas), or the ridiculous expression of Ralph Waite's face may be dim power sequence lan. <br /> <br /> The next impressive set-piece is the gunfight and heist aboard the plane. As written by Stallone and Michael France and directed by Harlin, the audience is plunged into the action by initially knowing that the agents involved in the flight and non-blood: blood-blooded blood are completely unexpected. As Roger Ebert has observed, the stuntman who made the mid-air transfer between the aircraft deserves some special recognition. <br /> <br /> And during the avalanche sequence, one of the terrorists / thieves seems to be actually falling as the Wall of Snow brings it down the hill. So far as I know, no one was killed in making this film (a miracle, considering the extreme nature of some of the exhibits), so obviously was a dummy used for the shot. But the shot itself remains impressive because we're leaving wondering how Harlin (or more likely one of the second-unit directors) knew exactly where to put the camera. <br /> I'll take Sally Stallone as my hero action every day of the week, because it is one of the few movie stars I've ever seen who's completely compelling as someone who can withstand a lot of pain physically and emotionally, and at the same time actually feel that pain. The role of Gabe Walker really complements Stallone's current strength: it plays a greatest, most vulnerable in action hero, giving an impressive low-key performance as a bumper sticker who must redeem himself. Many of today's post-matrices, comic book-inspired actors, Walker Stallone is an ordinary person who becomes a hero without any paranormal or computer-enhanced ability. In Cliffhanger, the hero almost froze to death, and his clothes begin to show great tears when he barely saves one dangerous situation after another. He wins when he hits and bleeding when he's off, particularly in the cavernous sequence when he takes a rocky-style pummeling of one of the crazy-dog bandits. <br /> <br /> It should be noted that the bandits utterly despicable really contribute to the film's effectiveness: when I saw this first movie as a teenager, I was rooting for the good guys every step of the road and anticipate when another bad guy would bite the dirt (or rather, the mirror); At one point I actually performed as one of the most cold-blooded characters in the movie just to suffer a violent break. The British British accent is as compelling as the occasional film aircraft model or helicopter model, but it's basically a good actor, and one of those who can perfectly recite unusual dialogue: in one scene, Looking at her Stallone hostage and rookers, trying to decide who works hard, she actually says "You, stay! You, seek!" Even if a better actor, like Anthony Hopkins, might have had problems with this line. Though Cliffhanger occasionally revokes credibility aside, it does just so for a more fun show. > <br /> Early in the movie, for example, Lithgow openly tells of one of his men "Remove [Stallone] when it comes down." No real mastermind criminal would have made this mistake unknowingly: his carelessness allowed Rooker to call a warning up to Sly on the stone face, and this precipitated an attack tug-of-war between Stallone and the bad guys trying to pull him, down to the tied cord to his feet. <br /> <br /> Lithgow could order it by a more subtle means, but the sequence could not have been much fun to watch if it had not given Rooker an opportunity to openly challenge the arrogance of his captors . <br /> There are many in the style of a Saturday maternal series (at times) a west, Cliffhanger is built on such a solid foundation that it survives some weak elements that would have weakened a smaller film. <br /> In addition to the obvious plane models obviously mentioned, the weak moments include a couple of scenes shot on indoor cheapness and really fake snow, as well as two other scenes involving sticks and brown wolves necessary in an already action-packed narrative. Finally, Harlin's decision to film some of the death scenes in slow motion seems useless, since the technique contributes nothing to the scenes. <br /> <br /> It's a shame that Stallone is now too old for action movie, because her character in this film looks so credible that inevitably I wonder what it would be like later years. But perhaps it's best that Cliffhanger stands on its own forever, without a sequel: there are enough movie franchises and outdated already. There was an official end calling himself vertically limited: compared to that clinker, Cliffhanger belongs to the top 250 IMDb list. <br /> Rating: 8 (very good, especially considering most of the other Stallone movies.)
