Good horror movies from France are quite rare, and it's easy to see why! Whenever a talented young film maker released a new movie, she emigrated toward Hollywood gloriously immediately after directing the big-budget rumor of another classic big movie! How can French Potentially build a solid support reputation when the Prodigy-director leaves the country after one movie? "Tense Haute" was a fantastic movie and he touched the director of Alexandria Aja (one-way?) Tickets in the United States noticed "the hills have eyes" (which he did terrific, I can add). Eric Valette's first long-standing feature of "Maléfique" was a very promising and engaging horror pictures, and has already cut off in the Hollywood as well to direct the rumor of Hit Takashi Miike's Ghost "One Missed Call". So, there are you, two French gifted babies who are not likely to make any more films in their native land some time soon. "Maléfique" is a simple, but effective, but requires effective patience due to its slow start, but once the plot is well developed, it offers great atmospheric tension and a handful of wonderful special effects. The movie almost entirely takes place in one single place and only introduces four characters. We are inside a French prison cell and four occupants. The new arrival is a condemned businessman making time for fraud, the elderly and "wise" prisoners sadistic kill his wife and then there is a crazy transvestite and a mental disability boy filling the odd square. They find an ancient journal inside the cell walls, part of a sickly bandit in the 1920s that specialize in black magic rhythm and supernatural ways to escape. Four inmates start preparing their own escape plan using the bizarre formulas of the book, only to realize the occult is something you should not mess with ?? Eric Valette devotes time ocean to the character drawings of the four protagonists, which periodically results in redundant and tedious sub sites, but the reason for it all becomes clear in the vibrant climax when the book suddenly turns out to be there some types of Wishmaster devices. "Maléfique" is a dark film, and trucks of claustrophobic tension and several details of human behavior. Watching it before some wealthy Americans have decided to notice it with four teenage actors beautiful in the compelling roles of hardcore criminals.
