French cinema movies have seen something of a revival over the last couple of years with big movie like Inside and Switchblade Romance popping on the scene. Maléfique before the revival just a little, but stands up with shoulders on most modern horror titles and is surely one of the best French horror movies ever made! Maléfique was obviously shot on a low budget, but this was made up for in more ways than one by the originality of the movie, and this in turn is commended by the excellent writing and acting that ensures the movie is a winner . The scheme focuses on two main ideas; prison and black magic. The central character is a man called Carrere, sent to prison for fraud. It is placed in a cell and three others; Lassalle's slowly crazy, Marcese burns home burns and Daisy companion delayed. After a while in the cell, they stumble on a hiding place in the wall with an old newspaper. After translating part of it, they soon realize its magical power and realize they can be able to use it to break through the prison walls. <br /> <br /> Black magic is a very interesting topic, and I'm actually quite surprised that no more movie based on it as there are many dimensions for things to do with it. It's just to say that Maléfique does the best of his well as in spite of restrictions, the movie never actually feels silent and manages to flow well at all. Director Eric Valette provides a great atmosphere for the movie; The fact that most of it takes place inside the central prison cell ensures that the film feels very claustrophobic, and this greatly benefits the central idea of ​​the prisoners wanting to use magic to break out of the cell - it's very easy to get behind them! It often says that the unknown thing is really scary, and this movie proves that as the director assures that we can never really make sure of exactly what is round the corner, and this helps ensure that Maléfique actually does manage to be quite scared! The film is memorable for a lot of reasons outside the central draw; The characters are all very interesting in their own way and the fact that the book itself almost takes over its own very beautiful character. Anyone worried that the movie will not be delivered to the end will not be ashamed either as the finish both make sense and manage to be very awful! In general, Maléfique is a really great horror movie and one of the best of the decade - look good look recommended!
