Maléfique is a very interesting movie. It is a professional alloy of triumph and failure. The central concept is great, three prisoners and rare personality and a fourth (who the audience identified with) and try to escape from the cells using a book of magic that they found in the walls of cell. <br /> The atmosphere is quite widespread, it reminds me of reading prison on Edmond Dantes in the Château d'If (before becoming the county of Monte Cristo). The director lays out that the characters are tied to the cell, particularly our characters mean that they identify (Carrere - a white-collar criminal who has not specified crime, but it sugely suggests might be fraudulent). On one occasion, Carrie diverts when he leaves the cell for exercise and has the cell door locked on it; We never left the cell, the claustrophobia is broken. There are also no vaccines in the outdoor cell, and the look of the beams is a sunset lying on a generic prison wall. So even if the movie appears to be very modern, it has a feeling of old age in prison. <br /> <br /> The intriguing characters. We have Marcus, a pre-emptive violence violence that plays an abusive mummy for the pursuit (French for Daisy) a heavily delayed young man. Purchase loves to eat everything she finds beautiful, and unfortunately this includes her baby sister, hence her actual situation (I like this comment on innova, very primitive). Lasalle is a removal, owned senior, to brutally kill his wife. The central message of the film is that your desires will be canceled, and there is a ceremony that goes with that. I think that this interrupts me the most, seeing people destroy themselves ritualistically. It has a real life ring. The quite simple soundtrack of this up is, every step deeper into the quicksand is accompanied by ringing in dull in a gong. I actually hear the gong now every time I do something self-destructive. <br /> I think one of the drawings is that the last of the characters does not really boost the message, especially with Carrere, also the concept of the book seems to change throughout the film, not in terms of a successive revelation either. I also think some of the images we see are somewhat unprofessional, more by design than execution, as the famous "eye vagina", and soda at Lasalle, for me, totally hollow images. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> At the end of the film it feels like the director is in a hurry to get it on with, and some things do not seem logical, for example we have wrongly neglected to lead to believing different things about the caretaker's . This does not change the fact even though what we have here is that rare bird, a "film" movie horror. There is no comedy or segueing genre, such as Cube (1997 / Natali), the obvious movie to compare it in, it's a total immersion experience, where you feel as if you are in the cell and the characters. This latest comment I made about being a "pure" experience I think is another thing to mention as well so that is a fairly unanimous point .. In a personal note my favorite movie party In the case of Lasalle talks about his past as a librarian. He clearly describes a scene where he goes to work one day and sits in his usual place in the center of a room where all the books are arranged in a circle around it. The books seem to sing to him that he will never have the knowledge. This invitation Lazalle goes crazy. That's really the problem with an obsession with understanding and knowledge. It is something I also felt. <br /> One final comment is that the two comments are very well received on the board to confuse the characters' names. Convince yourself that Lasalle is the greatest librarian character, simply click on Philippe Laudenbach's page and you will see it was born in 1936.
