If you are one of those who recognize and enjoy such as arcane titles as 'the Dead of the Book', 'Books of Eibon' or 'Necronomicon', then you should feel good at home and Malefic, a movie also features a Tome, one and the power to change the destinations of all involved. Discovered by four French prisoners shared a cell, the angry objects were placed in the wall by Danvers, a back locker prisoner in the 1920s; a man obsessed with rejuvenation and the black art before he suddenly disappeared. Finding in the book is Carrere (Gérald Laroche) a company embezzler bought by his wife, Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who is expected to be a woman, but at the same time build-in to execute an escape plan, the Half-Pairer (Dimitri Rataud) who once ate his baby sister, and Marcus's 'librarian' (Clovis Cornillac), supposedly angry madness in reading, who killed his wife. Recall the viewer of Meat Loaf equally scarce, the Boston Boy's Fight Club (1999), Lassalle begins as the dominant member of the Quartet, a person who is especially the protector of the Infantile Packter. And coming to the book however, with the need to overarching its dangerous decoders, Marcus assumes greatness and greater significance. First of all, to ensure that an early bond, while caretaking takes little more than academic interest in the events. Suddenly he also needs an urgent escape option and, as a prisoner experience, Danvers books begin to reveal some of his dire power .. <br /> Scene for the most part in a prison cell, and between four or Five characters, Malephic have a claustrophob when entirely suited to its subjects (as well as the limited budget of the filmmakers). Only at the beginning and then at the conclusion we get to leave the limits of the cell, a necessary opening out that only serves to emphasize finish, the nature-locked procedure elsewhere. More than anything, this is a movie about being blocked, either as a victim of passing your criminal or event occult now unfolding. "I'm going to escape," says Carrère at the start of the movie, who wants more than anything to be able to return to his wife and son. If not he does it will be at a terrible price, and the great irony of the movie is that the ultimate form of an 'escape' can not be one someone might imagine. His budget limit is many of the premier features of the director Eric Vallette's credit film that succeeds as well as he does. As the critics have pointed out, it is a movie that has great freudeness - Lassalle's different mammals and adult breasts for example; photo of a vagina that comes to life and develops an eye; the man grows back into a fetus; Danbe 'original placenta fetish; The dark cell as a primitive matrix from which 'delivery' is lasting, etc. With so many interesting aspects of the Vallette script hardly put an evil foot, and it succeeds in creating a truly distempering atmosphere from what, when someone comes Down to it is just a matter of four guys, four bunks, one folding table and one book. There's a genuine, growing, lovecraftian frustration as the men call the unnameable obscure out of its pages, while one or two moments - the vagina in the brightest vision, or what's finally happening in Purchase - are indelible memorable. The very rhythm of the dark events of Malfoy is deliberate, rejecting the rapid cut in many Hollywood productions: a video culture approach that often subverts the look of fears in favor of quick-fix action and gore. Perhaps this is a particularly European way, as one recalls a similar approach, which measures shocking allowances taken from the films such as the Fourth Man Verhoeven (1983) - a film that incidentally also shares a particularly nasty image based in a prolapsed eye. /> <br /> Lensed well at 1.85: 1, Malefic Benefits from excellent performance and, if for this viewer at least, the conclusion did not like explaining as it might be, the trip to the final shot was worth taking . Coming soon after the release of the tension even received received (aka: Switchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason to be grateful that their good horror movie is once again emerging from the French industry, following a time when it seemed the only refreshing product was coming from Asia
