This movie about four criminals, close to a prison that wants to escape from the cells, hopes a mysterious book of black magic, penned by an ancient prisoner around 1920, was named Danvers who wanted to use spells to keep her young skin . You landed in jail with three oddball math cells. Transsexual Brute Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), Marcus' Love-Play Purchase (Dimitri Rataud) who feeds his object touched (.. and is imprisoned for sister- six months old sister) and obey her charge as if she were her mother, and lol lol (Philippe Laudenbach) who did not read, or eat breakfast (the latter was murdered his wife during that time of the day). The film follows Carreter as she reads in the book, trying to understand her essence hoping to get an exit from his prison. Carrere loves her son, and for a while believing his wife will get him out early on bail. When he betrays him, Carrère begins to gently strangle himself and hates, and longs to see and hold his beloved son. The Carrere's most critical criticism is Marcus, who longs to be completely feminine, while still folding into several masculine features, such as working out and taking a standing leak. She speaks hard and uses her muscles as a kind of tactical scary, although inside is a world of vulnerability. Purchase is completely under Marcus' control and behaves like a canine in his master .. it's in an alarming scene where breastpiece breasts-eat from Marcus! Lassalle is an unmovable mystery, opening up for us to slowly understand his ulterior motive and what lies in his sincere heartache. Clearly intellectual, and keeping secret possible from others, Lassalle is actually the one who holds the motivation to pursue the secrets of the book going. Soon, people who are not a threat to the book seek "true" escape, not as much out of the cell of four walls, but the cell that imprisons their true desires. After a certain murder, the book is thrown out of the room with a very fascinating character entering the movie with a camcorder as if it was a new occupant .. who is this person and how he understands the power of a book shoots away, and better yet, how to use it? A constant in this movie is each of the prisoners often seen in all out of the world's windows just out of reach. <br /> I'm glad I had a chance to watch this movie. It plays out like the "monkey", the characters get what they want, but a price must be met. There's the movie, thrilling moment of graphic violence, but, in my opinion, this is the first and first story story to drive. The throat is a product of what the book unleashes. One of the groups gets his members twisting while stopping in the air, while an open act grisly shows the carnage left in the wake of one's human desires. We see Danver's fate in the end, with a very special special sequence of a baby melt away. Lassalle's fate is an effective masterful sequence. I'm going to say that Maléfique, towards the rhythm of Eric Valette, always keeps my attention and, for being like an isolated film (95% of the movie takes place in a singular place, the prison cell) is never looks like dragging. I guess this is an exciting actor addict with fascinating characterization, not to mention a compelling story using the supernatural of driving.
