Halley Influence of Adrienne Shelly "I'll take you there" is not bra, but clearly has a link to her work (Shelly has acted in two of Hartley's films). Not only does his movie show a very narrow, but the hyper-stylized characters and strange extremes render human emotion in a very real light. Though this film is not ironic on the whole (thank God), the tiny and subtle irony that pepper pieces of allies to the bitter truths of love and loss. With nice cinematography and an extract band from the Seventies, "I'll see you have" is a great independent film that does not pass in Iranian postmodern when dealing with the misery of love and the reality of human emotions. > <br /> The movie begins with Bill's life falling pieces. Not only did he sell his best friend Ray a beautiful country house, but his wife Rose left him in order to join Ray in the retreat. Everything washed, Billy roared into his own gloom and insolence until his sister Lucy (played by Adrienne Shelly's director) brought him all sorts of surprises: a self-help book and a "date" for his traumatized brother. <br /> The Bill wants to try to refuse, but sudden appearance of Bernice in her door leaves her no choice. Bernice's doubtful avenue warnings and ridiculous disadvantages come from his ability to "unwind" with him. However, his pseudo-hippie style animates him so much that he will be in his first date. And Bernice is so traumatized by her faulty remarks that she attaches herself to herself, forcing herself to herself. For what, we do not know ... except for perhaps the fact that it is psychic. (Who is better to play the psycho than Ally Sheedy?) <br /> <br /> Make sure Bill desperately wants to see Rose, Bernice offers his car, but on the condition that he takes it first place . On the way, he continues to hold Bill of prisoners with his own weapon (a Pinket Detective, no less). An imbroglio of fear, resentment, redemption, passion and violence drawn as Bill and Bernice find themselves on their way to the country's homes in Ray and Rose ... of course, with a few stops along the way.
