"Maléfique" is an example of how a horror movie can be effective and nothing more than a well-executed plot and a lot of heart. Its cast does not have acknowledged name, it does not have a big budget and it certainly does not lack visual effects; but it offset everything that has a smart and well written script, an effective cast and the vision of a director focuses more on telling the story than delivering cheap emotions. Eric Valette can not be a well-known name yet, but with "Maléfique", his first feature, he proves he is at contemporary levels like Jeunet, Goose or Aja. The story of four captives in a cell, four different men and very different backgrounds, but with one single goal: to get out. Carlier (Gérald Laroche) gets jailed after being declared guilty of a multi-millionaire fraud; His cell mates, Marcus Violent (Clovis Cornillac), Lassalle Intellectual (Philippe Laudenbach) and Painfully mentally (Dimitri Rataud), are all condemned to murder and give Carrere a welcome welcome. The personalities are struggling as Carreter discovered an ancient book detailing how an ancient prisoner escaped using black magic. Written by Alexandre Charlo and Franck Magnier, "Maléfique" is a great mix of black and horror fans in a very reminiscent way from Clive Barker's story. Most of the movie's movie is how it builds the characters, they are all very complex with different personality and a lot of tension and suspicions from their constant controversy in personality. The supernatural component of the story is very well-handled and in general gives the film the feeling of reading a Gothic novel. Although a movie about four people was locked up in a room, the film never became boring or tiring and in fact, the isolation of the group increased the feeling of distrust, claustrophobia, and especially, paranoia. Eric Valette makes a great use of atmosphere, attitudes and dislocations of life-giving conspiracy. Despite its budgetary shortage, she has produced a brilliant film that is very original, fresh and beautiful. Camera-work is subtle and efficient to help make dynamic films despite its location, and slow down the slow film unfolding to create the heaviest atmosphere of isolation and challenging film in its trailing base. The very special exhibits of special effects are very well-made and Valette method of quantity for the quality of the few but terrific scenes of gore. <br /> <br /> The characters that do this movie work, and the cast definitely deserve some of the credit. Gérald Laroche is excellent as Carrere, a man of first innocence, but hiding a past darkness. Philippe Laudenbach and Dimitarri Rataud are also very effective, especially Rataud in his highly demanding role. However, Clovis Cornillac is stealing the show and his performance as Marcus, a violent and deleterious person inside that wants to himself. The characters superbly develop and throw to make the most of them. The movie is terrific, but it is not without its share of flaws. Of course, one of the most celebrity is its low-budget. Some of the CGI effects are a bit poor compared to effective make-up and protesters used in other scenes, however, it's never too bad for it. Probably the bad thing about "Maléfique" is that it seems to lose some steam in the end when it focuses on the magic of supernatural black rather than in the characters, not too much of a bad thing but the finish may seem weak from this point . <br /> <br /> Anyways, "Maléfique" is another one of these great horror movies from France recently, and one who deserves more gratitude. Valette is definitely a talent to follow as this modest (albeit complex) story of the supernatural is proving adequate in his abilities. Personally, this movie is a new favorite. 8/10
