Aside from a few titles and new films in Sherlock Holmes, I think I watched every movie Guy Ritchie headed. Twice. Needless to say, I'm a big fan and revolver is one of the reasons why they are labeled. This film is a very different approach to Ritchie, when you look at it comparatively with Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. Revolver sets us for a psychological thriller of quality as a gambling joint find himself at the mercy of an enemy series he did not expect and a guided walk for redemption that he did not know he needed. Along with seeing André Benjamin in OutKast fame his ability to act, other studio acts are Ray Liotta playing the Mr D / Macha man and Mark Strong play sorter, hit-the-man. <br /> <br /> After being sent to prison by a landowner casino, Macha, Jake uses his time to clear out a plot to humiliate Macha and force his hand in his compensation for seven years he has passed. When he has a card game with a decent sum of money from Macha, Jake finds himself on the brink of death as he collapses and is diagnosed with an incurable illness that leaves him with three days to live. A shark loan team, however, has an answer to him with a ticket to life - only if he gives them all the money he has and relentlessly works for, all of a conspiracy both take Macha down and show Jake how dangerous it did itself in itself. Along with having the time of death to death, with a pair of loan sharks with a garden day and his money, Jake also faced with having a knock out on it, which introduces bra - a hit-man under staff Macha a. The depth and the story come when Jake realized that some co-prisoners had spent time with solitary power-pretty well-be the shark team out of taking it for all he has by crafting all the unfortunate events that Jake looks like find the way. When faced with this fact though, Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Notice show Jake just how tristed he came from being in solitaire, having only the company in his mind and his ego, Then make it so that the actual existence is floating even Jake. The film is fend off in a humiliating process for both Jake and Macha as they both come in the gaps and interior demons. The style of the movie is top-notch as you get the fearless feel of the crime world represented and its characters included. Although a lot of nods in Ritchie's previous movie are here it still has a presence of its own from the dialog, along with the device taking on the gangster genre. It's also a great trip to humility and acknowledgment when you can easily leave your ego or mask masks your privacy to accomplish what you want or overcome what you should be. Characters are well crafted in this movie and wherever they are fleshed out, and, indeed, Ritchie fashion, they are all tied to by some underhandedness that launches a key to everyone's affairs. I could and I would like to go on this movie with its unique nuance but I do not want to take too much of it if you have not seen it again. <br /> It can take a few sessions to get through all the complicated layers but it's a big movie and it should be seen. If you are lucky and you have not seen the drop-down US drop down, see if you can find the UK's original version as it will do for a great piece of discussion among friends as you try the puzzle to take you. I saw him with my crew around early 2006 and we are still talking about it and the little things we've collected on today. He strengthened his art status, and was well worth the movie where Ritchie stepped down the box and broke his stomach a bit. <br /> <br /> line: "scary or break me but please think i'm special.
