OK ... this movie so far was not sought by critics and posters alike (although playing the devil's advocate might suggest that the critics often did not do it for themselves as movie-makers, and posters charts are often those who did not do it for themselves as critics) so I wanted to sit in the corner of the guy and the magic sponge maybe probably get a couple of people who decided not to see the movie based on how everyone seems to be looking down collective nose in approval of it. <br /> <br /> The biggest flaw in the touch of wide support is how unexpected complex it is. This was described several times as the movie "inaccessible" viewer. The film's chronology is relatively non-linear and the characters are used as not only a means of telling stories, but as a subtle display of subtle (or so subtle) hints of bias we give things as ours committing them in memory, IE. Ray Liotta's character brandishing a weapon saying the words "my fear" is described as both pathetic tragic (from Path Statham's) or interrogating and bold (from Pov Liotta's). This is just an example of Ritchie's far-reaching math approach he has taken in film-making and revolver, we have a scenario that is beautiful archetypal (strong but silent brave anti-hero is released from prison with a resolved note but gets draw inadvertently into a world of corruption ... I mean it's painted by Noir movie numbers here, all the way down to the poetic wave of diction and the virtual soft voices but then Guy was Take this foundation to make a very philosophical number of complex points. <br /> <br /> Take the scene where Jason Statham's character runs through a car. This sequel could have been issued in the movie and not made any difference in the story too ... but Ritchie is making points on how these little luck happening like getting a phone call can make the difference between life and death. > <br /> So the final act of the movie is nice boggling idea, I should take the ps * if I said I did not spend the last 20 minutes or so in the movie turned off to date I'm going to " uh ... wtf? "but this is the reason to shoddiest to respect a piece of art. It is too easy to flu something because you find it hard to understand. And even easier to say "well nobody else seemed to understand it so it must be a real turd of a movie!". In my opinion, Revolver is a stylish, complex and mature fashion in modern art that should be welcomed with the same way we would give the work to the Saatchi brothers. If we choose this opportunity to collectively say "Ah sh * t, I wanted a movie about a charge of bleeding gangsters in-the-tap bleeding ... Guy Ritchie is a title!" Then the day will come when the movie-makers allow only to do what is expected of them not deep, evil people. Just because Guy made a name for himself with funny, cheeky romps, does not mean he can not fund without "pretensions". Funny people can think too.
