I recommend families if possible, to show this to the older children only. Some of the stuff in this movie maybe too disturbing for their little touch. Whatever comes out of the way, let me explain on this film. This is in fact a documentary of a male fox, who at the beginning is protecting his territory and seeking a mate.Start with the gorgeous sun and music notes, breath is taken.You have been better Soak in as much of the landscape as possible, it will get ugly.They gave both the fox and the names of vixen, but I can not remember what to love in me.He fighting on this invading boy, to win love it. Later on creating a denk, and the vixen give birth to four adorable kid; one of which is blind. There are many happy and playful moments featuring the fox family, but tragedy and bad strikes likely all too soon. The first task is the blind pup, who gets too close to a tide and washes away. The second is the mother, who while stolen chicken is deceived by a dying chicken hanging on a pole. If unknowingly walk through a trap. While trying to save it ripping in the part of her foot ', causing it bleeding to death.The rest of the fox family is forced to look at her dead under a tree. Men are now a single father, forced to take on the roll of mother and father. He alone has to teach them the skills they need for life. He later proves not enough, when two of the pups now grow to meet a ugly fate of their own; thanks to the negligence and wickedness of men. I'm not going to spoil the surprising ending for you, but it shows the farmer and his dog close to that.And it is a worthy wait to end after that the audience and the fox family was put to me. I meant that I saw this when it first came out in the early 1980s when we had something called Showbiz cabin. I was only 4 when I saw it, but I could never understand why they would not let me see all of it. Now I know why, after I secretly watch it when it comes to Disney, when I was 9. I felt emotionally welled after seeing all this evil will be over.I have been moved to tears.But as darkness and ugly as it was, it serves a purpose. Let those who will be those with other types of animals, and why they are in danger. This documentary wanted to get the message across on this endangered species, and I was hoping he was working. It's not fake as the real life of Disney films by Disney, they do not teach about why the animals will disappear. The yolk cut into the main animal fox, and kill the nonsense of these cute animals; (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are treated better. Perhaps there is to be about a vixen pupeur named Teresa and his sister and sister, grow. This film also reflects what's happening in family members sometimes, especially when one of their parents suddenly dies. The surviving parent takes on the roll of both, and tries to teach important lessons in life. It is not always enough to protect them when they are adults, especially when some of their lives are lost too. Or they fall victim to tragedy themselves .Best all around the band and music notes I have ever heard.
