Spoilers! <br /> From the very moment I've seen a movie movie premiere film this movie in a 10:00 review of the news, I wanted to see it. I do not remember who he or Omaha newscast was carrying out the review, but the criticism was very stressful that this film was way too sleazy for the average church-going Nebraskan. They showed a bonus from the scene where John Glover is about to kidnap Ann-Margret when he was swimming at the pool. Glover's character lounges her on how beautiful her body is and what to do, using many words that the local station felt necessary to modify out. I was hooked. There was only one problem, though. I was only 13 years old at the time, and I had to wait a year until it came out of the cable. Let's just say, it's worth the wait! <br /> If ever there was a guilty pleasure in me, this film is it. To call this movie sleazy would be a big bizarre. The movie film around a successful businessman who is blackmailed by three scumbags shortly after an affair with a young woman. Roy Scheider, who is as effective as ever, plays the poor guy who just wanted a little fling and now finds himself in the mercy of three terrific villains. John Glover character is one of the most memorable scumbags ever. It is sleazy, funny at times, and always on the brink of doing something crazy. Then there's the Robert Trebor (nice name, by the way!) Leo's characters that clearly in itself and this blackmail scheme. It's a whimpering, sweat, cowl that runs somewhere showing peep and live nude patterns. Then you have Clarence Williams III as Bobby Shy, a brood sociopath that everyone is scared of with good reason. Who can forget the wake-up calling to Vanity with the teddy giant bear? After dealing with the initial trauma to realize what he had been up against, Scheider turned the tables on those ramps and took control of the situation, that's until Glover goes after his wife! The conflict is played out brutally, and normally disposed of all getting shot, rape, or blow. <br /> I do not know why I love this movie very much. It really should crack me out, but it does not. Perhaps because these characters are all interesting, and the story is very likely that most movies today would never try. It's scary to think that the adult movie industry probably has more than a few characters such as the Glover running around from L.A. looking for trouble. Just think about his voice enough to make me chuckle. "Hey sports, have a nice day!" This film has many shootouts, cool cars, great dialog (like the line of opening statement), and decent acting. Many cameras are not real pornographic stars. Look for Ron Jeremy frolicking around in a hot tub and two chicks in a party scene at the Glover location. <br /> Another thing to add: How hot are the women in this movie ??? Wow! Travolta did that right not to marry Kelly Preston. Yum! We also see Vanity getting naked at a time before it became a Christian again. And Ann-Margret. What else can you say about it except that it is the American Beauty Excellence. So tell the hound. <br /> <br /> Added Feb 14, 2008: RIP Roy Scheider!
