Though the "Sopranos" is yet another gift from the "Godfather" megahit and end, which dramatize and to some extent glamorize the mafia, the "Sopranos" take another sneak. No matching up, stylish mobsters here and home to Lake Tahoe with stakes in Vegas Casino - these guys are goombahs, with a waste management front, who deal with falling behind in trucks, topless bars, Money protection - in short, what the mobs in the neighborhoods all over. <br /> <br /> Colorful characters dominate this series, which does not hold back on sex violence and graphics. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) is a great crowd with a wife and two children, living in New Jersey, who suffers from panic attacks as he tries to swing his biological family with his one mafia. To get to the bottom of his attack, he saw a psychiatrist, Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who was afraid of him and yet attracted him at the same time. Tony's boy - Paulie, his nephew Christopher, his uncle Junior (the titulan head of the crowd), his good friend pussy - are all completely-out characters. <br /> <br /> As we learn to go through the series, there are enemies not only from blood, but within, and one of these enemies includes Tony's sick but terrible mother (Nancy Marchand), whom convincing Junior that Tony is a danger to him. Janice's sister Tony, meanwhile, is looking for money at her mother's house with a stethoscope and a counter of Geiger. Tony has mistresses, and a wife (Edie Falco) who puts up with a lot because he loves her, all while holding links to her Catholic religion. "The church frowns on divorce," he said a woman contemplating a crack. "Let the Pope live with it," is the answer. As far as Tony's mistress was concerned, his psychiatrist pointed out that Tony is keen to ask women for whom nothing is ever enough and ask him if he sounds familiar. Yeah, it sounds like her mother. <br /> I'm Italian descent, and yes, I'm sick of Italian being shown in a negative light and everyone accepts all the mobsters Italians. But you can not help this simple show, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving, it's pointing out, is not turkey and sweet potato pie - it's the antipasto, the manicotti, the dumplings and scarves, and then the bird!) Not to mention, the right-over pronunciation of words like melenzana ( mullinyan), escarole (scarole), manicotti (manigot) etc. Only something un-Italian about Tony is that he does not have a basement to finish, something weird in the rest of my family (except my parents never got one night). <br /> <br /> Estonians in this show are Gandolfini, as a ruthless criminal officer, Falco, who is brilliant as his wife, and Bracco as Jennifer tortured. But everyone is excellent. If you can take the violence with the language, this is a great show, a worrisome portrait of New Jersey mobs.
