Now, I read some negative reviews for this show on this website and quite frankly I'm scared. For anyone who even thinks the Sopranos are by TV then I'm afraid I do not know what the world has come up. Let me tell you something. I started watching many T.V shows as Objects, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even Invasion. But all of these show their earnings after the first quarter, especially the Lost and Prison Break that I refused to watch because companies took 2 engineering ideas and hit them by doing more than one season. Then we have the Sopranos. I can honestly say that this is the only TV series that I've ever looked at where I was enthralled at all in its epic, and most importantly all of its episodes. There is no department that this show does not excel. Actress-There's nothing short of superb. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I feel that acting is absolutely stunning in every episode, after I heard that HBO wanted Ray Liotta to play Tony I felt he would have been the best option , however after looking at the first few episodes, I knew that HBO did a good job in James casting as Tony. The raw emotion it shows is superb. Then we have everything else, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (who I remember as Johnny Ola in the Part 2 part) and my personal two favorite characters Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie ' Walnuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante. All of these actors make the best quality, and all provide an excellent performance in each episode. Then we have the story, never I was so sucked up in a previous T.V show. The story is nothing short of excellent. Each episode is superbly directed and notes in this show is just fantastic. I feel that Sopranos are one show that I can look again and again and never get bored. It has received everything from humorous brutal violence to humor, but it is always and will always be the best thing ever for the TV, and I challenge anyone who finds a real flaw in the show. Not just saying it is too violent, or to feel that the character of Tony is immoral, I mean it is a mafia show at the end of the day, I do not think that the characters will be very honest or loyal to God. I implore everyone to watch this show because believe me, you will be hooked from the very first episode, I've been and I've even gotten to a friend some people who were primarily refusing to watch the show, hooked on it. Believe me when I say that this show is a god compared to the crap that comes on TV After you watched the first season, you will inevitably agree with me when I once again say that this TV show dominates, and does not show current or future television will ever be superior to surprising Sopranos.
