Not only do the stories of the "Sopranos" engage audiences from all over, but I think (for me at least) what brings the viewers back is the act. (It's not you, Gary, can argue that the claim) James Gandolfini, who plays lead-man, Tony Soprano, gets (in view of this viewer) one of the "Hollywood Elites" as far as acting in a TV series goes. I would not go ahead and compare it with Robert DeNiro or Al Pacino, or at least, not just yet. He, however, made a hell of a party playing part of Tony Soprano. In the years since 1999, Gandolfini has risen so much as an actor (especially thanks to his role in the Sopranos) that today he considers to be among the best in the business. And it's not just him. The "Sopranos" gardens have a great cast of support including those Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese, and Nancy Marchand's late June playing Tony's obnoxious mother. At this point in the show's existence, he was considered a cult-classic and just like that. The first two seasons were extraordinary. Violent and quite in a very often, but without a doubt, extraordinary way. The third season was great, but did not quite live up to the hype of season 1 and 2. Season 4, which woke up before the new year, was the weakest season again (or at least, in my opinion it was). Despite a spell dry, I still find it (season 4 of the "Sopranos") to be more entertaining than most of its competitions and this says a lot because lately I have noticed a tendency of good TV shows. Here are some examples of this: Six feet down, shield, stimulating the enthusiasm, and OZ (which is not technically a new show but ended with an unforgettable season this year). To get back to my point though, considering a better show than all the competition for a particularly bad year, is not an accomplishment of part of the writers. The "Sopranos" range above and beyond all the TV shows in its era and its writers deserve a lot of credit. To close, I would like to say, "The Sopranos" is as real deals. For the average mature viewer (17 and above) who enjoy drama and do not mind a mix of little violence and profanity, you might want to check out the "Sopranos" if you get the chance. Believe in that it will be well worth the time.
