I was not at all thinking of it this way, but my friend said the first thing he thought when he heard the title "Midnight Cowboy" was a gay porn. At that point, all I knew in it was the reference made to it by that "Seinfeld" episode and Jerry are trying to get Kramer Florida on this bus and Kramer's all sick with a nosebleed. The film was great, and surprisingly optimistic and not all the pessimistic pessimisms as some movies I can not even remember because they're all crap. The draw is fundamentally born of a young naughty cowboy Joe going to New York trying to be a hustler (a prostitute, basically), thinking it will be easy pics, only to hit the hard brick wall when a woman ends up hustling her, , pack it for sexual intercourse. <br /> Then she meets Enrico Salvatore Rizzo, called "Ratso" by everyone and the lovely gay men who make fun of him all the time. You think of him as a scandal, but a lovable one (like Han Solo or Lando Calrissian) and his amazing and Joe become friends, and the movie is so sweet and heartwarming watching them were sooner and so and so them. Rizzo reveals himself actually having a sad, passionate person who is very sick, and very depressed and self-conscious, hatred called "Ratso" and wants to go to Florida, where he thinks life will be best and All his problems are resolved, and he will learn to be a cook and be the most popular. <br /> It's happy watching Joe does all he does to get both down to Florida, and very hilarious moments (such as Ratso trying to steal food in this hippie part, and getting caught by the woman said "Gee, well, you know, it's free. You do not have to steal it." and said "Well if it's free then I'm not stolen" it, and the classic moment is completely unscripted and unpredictable to where almost Hoffman "I'm walking here!"), and the act is so credible, you never believe Joe Buck would grow to be the distinguished and respected actor Jon Voight, and Ratso Rizzo would grow up to be the legendary Dustin and dear Hoffman. Not the first time they worked together in the lead role, but the chemistry is so thick and intense. Then there's sad part that I think is quite an overstatement called it "depressions". Rizzo Rizzo is falling apart all over the movie, barely walking, barely eating, coughing, sick, and reaching a top point on the bus on his way to Florida. He wounded seriously, and only a mile away from Miami, he finally died on the bus. The bus driver reassures everyone who has nothing wrong, and continues. Sad but not in that kind of way that would make you go home and cry and cheat around miserably as if you were just losing your dog in 13 years. <br /> At all, great movie. And the very beautiful band consists just in "All Talking" everyone played throughout the movie at the right time. An odd movement, but a great, as the song is a good thing and fits in with the movie tone perfectly. Go see it, it's great, go buy it
