This is a good example of a good movie, dumb. No, it's not high art by any means. Nor is the script anywhere close to a Woody Allen or Mel Brooks. But what's that! The tomato set of pipes (cinema cards and a cartoon series) are basically good-natured romps gleefully trampled on the type of territory that Zuckers has ruled before they change to make serious cops. <br /> <br /> As the title suggests, this fourth installment of killer tomatoes trilogy deals with killer tomatoes drawn against France. In this case, Prof. Gangrene (Jan Astin's 3rd in the role) has a plan to read France in an ancient prophecy on the return of the legitimate king of France. Steve Lundquist returns as Igor, a humanoid tomato who wants to have a sport and those who just happen to remember the dead for the long lost king in France. Obviously it also plays afoot ll at F, happily skewering the French language. <br /> <br /> Opposites are the fearless soft tomato (like the others, FT was introduced in the second film and would be a main character in the cartoon) and his human allies. Mark Price, recently not working as a result of the conclusion of the TIES FAMILY series, plays a thin back version, himself as "Michael J Fox" as a way to win the girl in his dreams. And Angela Visser is a dream as Marie, gleefully bouncing between unabashed virgin sexuality and biological psychosis. Oh that the former Miss Netherlands was more of a movie career! Another member returning to the company's associated company is Rick Rockwell (now best known as the title hapless titled "Who wants to marry a millionaire?"). Like co-creator John De Bello, Rockwell is working both in front and behind the camera in this series. <br /> <br /> What can you say about Jon De Bello? Not much, really, except that he had a singular vision and managed to pull it off, and, he did, was apparently falling into obscurity. John, if you ever saw this, thank you for giving us the killer tomatoes. <br /> <br /> The script is heavy but does not obnoxiously know that this is just a movie. Like the retur in killing TOMAT, the action periodically veers over the series and in the middle of the film crew. And Mark Price has a funny forum complaining about his own shortage of success compared with his former Michael Michael Fox. This is the biggest budget of all killer tomato cops and is a nice throw-off series. Well, the show then moved to Fox Kids as a cartoon series (which was also quite clever), but animated cartoons are not the same.
