I love MIDNIGHT COWBOY and have it in my video collections as it's a favorite of me. What's interesting to me is that when MIDNIGHT COWBOY from 1969, it was so shocking viewers that it rated X. Of course, at that time X meant Maturity. Since I was only two years old at the time of the movie release, it's hard to imagine just how shocked spectators were back then. However, when I try to take into account that many of the subjects covered in the film, including prostitution (the title itself was jargon for a prostitute); homosexuality; solitid; Physics (and to some emotional measures as well) abuses and drugs are difficult for many to talk about that day, I can start to find a sense of what viewers in this movie thought back on its release. It's worth noting that in the 1970s, MIDNIGHT COWBOY was downgraded to a R rating and though it still rated R, some of the scenes could almost be rated PG-13 by today's standards. wants to briefly provide a summary of the scheme although it is probably known to almost anyone who has heard of the movie. Jon Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck in Texas who decides that he can make it great as a male hustler in New York City rich women escort. He emulates cowboy actors like Roy Rogers by putting a cowboy outfit thinking that will impress women. After being dismissed by all the women he came across, he meets a conjoined sleazy named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo who is played by Dustin Hoffman. Ratso convinced Joe that he can make all sorts of money if he has a manager. Again, Joe is conned and before long is homeless. However, Joe comes across Ratso and invites them to stay in a dilapidated apartment. Without giving far more of the plot, I mean that the rest of the film deals with Joe and Ratso as they try to help each other in an attempt to fulfill their dreams. I.E. Joe does it as a gigolo and Ratso goes down to Florida where he thinks he can regain his health. <br /> I want to make some comment on the movie itself. First of all, the act is excellent, especially driving them. Although the film is really very sad from the beginning to the end, there are some classic scenes. In fact, some scenes that while they do not intend to be funny, I find them fun. For example, there is the classic scene where Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight are walking down a city street with a taxi practically running on. Dustin Hoffman bangs on the taxi and says "Hey, I walk 'here! I walk' here!" I get a kick from this scene because it is so typical of New York City where many people are in a hurry. Another scene that comes to mind is the scene where Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) to a guy called O'Daniel. What fun is that at first, we think that O'Daniel is recruiting gigolos and can see why Joe is getting so excited but then we start to realize that O'Daniel is nothing but a black ninja them. In addition to the scenes I mentioned, I love the scene where Ratso and Joe are discussing in their apartment when Ratso tells Joe that her cowboy team only attracts homosexuals and Joe says in self-defense "John Wayne! You will tell me it Too bad! "What I love is the delivery of this scene. <br /> I would say that even if MIDNIGHT COWBOY was set at the end of the '60, many of it's true rings today. That's because although the area around 42nd Street in New York was cleared in Disneyfication's form in the last few years, homelessness is still just as prevalent as it has been 40 years ago. Also, many people have unrealistic dreams of how to strike it big only to have their dreams broken as was the case with the character Jon Voight. Something impressed me about Jon Voight's character is how it is a survivor and I felt that at the end of the film, he had matured a great deal with Ratso (Dustin Hoffman's character) was a good influence on it . > <br /> In conclusion, I mean that I suggest that when watching this movie, one should look at it at least a couple of times because there are so many things going on. For example, there are a bunch of flashbacks and dream sequences that have made me more meaningful after a couple of viewings. Also, what I find interesting is that there is a lot of this film that leaves interpretation as to what really happened with Joe Buck (Jon Voight's character) and who was in his life in Texas. Even the finish, while I do not want to give it away for those who have not seen the movie, is rather open-ended.
