Although I love this movie, I can barely watch it, it's so real. So I put it on the evening and hiding behind my gaming computer. I remember it, but just wanted to see if I could find something I did not see before ........ I did not: it's because it's so real to me. <br /> Another "user" who wrote the ages of commentators should show and summarize them. I'm all for that! It's absolutely obvious that most of the people who commented on "midnight cowboy" could not have been done when it was released. They mentioned other movies Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman appeared in, at a later time. I'm going to be as frustrated Frank: I'm 82-year-old. If you're familiar with some of my other comments, you'll know that I've been a professional woman-impersonator for 60 years, and also have appeared in films - you would never recognize me, even if you were familiar and my night-club characters. Do you think I know so much about the characters of this movie? YOU tell me to do !! .... .... <br /> <br /> .... and I'm not the least offended shame. If you do not have to run-in some of them, it's your loss - but there is a great chance you have, but just did not know it. So many mothers, father, son and daughter can surprise you. It should be no secretive active MANY / actresses have emerged from the origins of "Midnight Cowboy". Who must judge? I can name several, current BIG-TIME stars that have risen over the streets seduced in many cities, and are not the least bit damaged in their time. I do not make any judgments, because they are people, just as all of us - love, courage, kindness, compassion, intelligence, humility: their names are attributes, they all have, no matter what the pack looks like. <br /> The "Trivia" on Hoffman actually begged on the streets to prove he could be the role of "Ratzo" is a gem - he can see his auto drive all around Los Angeles - how do you think it gets his opinion? I can also name many of the men-standing stars in the streets and cruise bars for money. Although the last nightclub worked for 26 years was world-famous and legitimate, I could also name some big stars that had to be constantly chasing our back-street, making a pick-up. /> This should be no surprise today, although it's definitely action in Hollywood and other cities, big and small. Wake up and smell the roses. They smell no less sweet because they are in a different hue. <br /> <br /> Some of the "users" thought "Joe Buck" was moled by his grandmother. Although I saw him in bed with a companion, I did not get any incidences in that. Believe it-or-not, the kids do not have to have their own room - because this is a must today should tell you something like kinky can go-on in the master bedroom. Who is business? Hoffman could ask for changes in the streets, but some of the "users" point-out that Jon Voight was not a big star for the movie "Midnight Cowboy" - actual wages he would surprise you. I think he was stolen! No one can doubt that he has put in his role, or that he has made him a great worker such as "Deliverance". He defines a potent man who conquered his demon and was the best for her: some people commented on being sodomized in this film. At the end of the 60s was one of the first films to be so open, but society was still hip. I did not find any inversions between "Ratzo" and "Joe" - they were clearly opposed, unappealing to each other. They found a purely higher - true friendship. If you did not understand that at the end of the movie, then you were wasting your time. "Joe's" confusion, but devoted attachment was apparent. Yes, Voight deserved an Oscar for this role - one that John Wayne could never pull-off, and he was as beautiful to his youth. Hoffman is Hoffman - you expect fireworks. He gave them superbly. Wayne got his Oscar. Each character in this movie has been very well-defined - if you do not think that are still around, you are mistaken. "The Feast"? - Go to some of the "waves" younger men go to ..... if you can get in. Look at the lines of people trying to get into the hot clubs - you'll see all outrageous personality. /> Brenda Viccaro was the epitome of the sweet society that has gotten down to the nitty-bravest at times. If you were shocked by his brilliant act, think "this is not real", look at "lady" today who lives on the river side of disrepute .... and admire it. "Joe" brutality appears in the old guy's stealth, unfortunately, is also part of their lives. You do not need to convict it, but it's not too different than any violence. "Joe" pointedly called her goal - in this situation, I would have repaid-over the money faster than she asked for it. This is one of the scenes that make this movie a break, one that I do not watch. I get heartbroken for both ..... <br /> <br /> John Schlesinger certainly must have been familiar with this direct sordidness this chillingly cute eye-box-Waldo Salt did not write out of clairvoyance. Anyone who has no part to get it to the screen must have realized they made history, and should be proud of the honesty of it. Perhaps "only in America" ​​we can close our eyes to unpleasant situations, while other movie makers do not make any compositions in the public. It does not mean it's not - give me the truth every time. Bravo! in all ......
