Midnight Cowboy opens with a run down the theater and voice-over in the main character Joe Buck (Jon Voight) song in the shower. He is singing a cowboy song, the very thing he strives to be. Joe chose his life living in Texas and moved to New York City with the dream of many women, and even more money. She dresses as the epitome of the cowboy, but in a cartoonish fashion, not even her friend takes it seriously. She starts her journey on the bus in NYC and we can quickly see how diluted Joe is in his interaction with other passengers. This is primarily a story of Joe's realization in the harsh reality of the real world. <br /> It starts as a very navy southerner thought it can do it in NYC just about good it looks. He has no other reason to think otherwise, as proven useful in the past; We learn this from the many rabbits he has. In the beginning, the flashbacks were filmed in such a way that they were somewhat capricious. They are dangerous and the voice sounds as if they come from a great distance, as they are, coming from his past. However, as Joe delves deeper and deeper into the reality of the harsh atmosphere of NYC we see more of his past, which is not capricious but fearless, filmed in black and white and quick editing shows the nature cruel in the past events. This is mostly seen in the flashback of him, his girlfriend was attacked, and he was raped. In one of these flashlights we saw a building that broke brick by brick. This mirrors the way in which Joe himself will fall apart; The naivety that he once brought is falling into his hands. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in painkillers, and barely can get food for food; Joe will realize he can not live off in his looks, with a fearless relief in New York that he did not consider. He obliges the mirror the way in which his real life hangs out. <br /> <br /> Ratso is also served as a type of ice Joe, but in an opaque way; Ratso is Joe's FOIL. Joe is a handsome man, whose fortune, for the most part, has a good appearance outside. Ratso, on the other hand, since the first time we saw him sitting next to Joe at the bar we can say he is the opposite. It is short, dark, and always coated with a leak of sweat. It understands how the world works, that it is unforgiving, and sometimes no matter how hard you try you will fail; just as his father did. They live in the same world, the same apartment, but they understand things on a completely different level. The theme of alienation, one that is common in this era, is very noticeable in this film. Neither Joe nor Ratso fit into the surrounding cultures. Joe feels blocked in Texas and moves to NYC where he is still an outsider. Ratso, who lives in NYC frost, wants to go to Sunny Florida where he thinks he'll be able to get a good life. Even if this is ideal, in the fantasy we get from Ratso's perspective, it is apparent that he knows he will never really fit into society. In fantasy said he was turned over by the people living around him, he is still an outsider, alienated from society. <br /> It's not up to the end that the difference between Joe and Ratso begins narrowly. Joe Resorts of Violence; it takes on the mentality of this city so it can get funds to fund a Florida escapade for himself and Ratso. On the tour we see Joe coming out of a store by wearing the cowboy clothes that he never did without the rest of the movie. It is dressed like someone who looks like they've been in Florida for vacation. She dresses Ratso the same way; It tires make them fit into the new society they're entering, but it is no avail. On the Ratso's death on the bus, fellow passengers once again looked at them as aliens. Even in this new culture they entered, they can not escape the aliens met at every turn of this movie. Despite the death of Ratso, and Joe's alienation continues, the film ends with hope that Joe can take new knowledge of how the world works and creates a better life than it would have been as a hustler in NYC. Midnight Cowboy is an excellent film that shows the harsh reality of society, and alienation, and stellar performance by Voight and Hoffman.
