John Cowles 'John Midnight Cowboy' is perhaps the most remarkable of being the only X-rated movie in the Academy's history to receive the Oscar for the best photos. This was certainly how I first heard of it, and, to be completely honest, I did not really expect much of the movie. This is not to say that I thought it would be awful, but somehow I did not consider it the movie sort that I would like to watch. This is a reason you should never trust your own instinct on these tips ?? a remarkable combination of stellar, ambitious direct and a memorable band ("Everyone is talking" to me, I do not hear a word they say '") to make this movie one of the finest explorations in life, naivety and Everlasting Friendship Joe Buck (then Newcomer Jon Voight), dressed proudly as a rodeo cowboy, traveled from Texas to New York to seek a new life as a hustler, a prostitute. Women, however, do not seem willing to pay money for his services, and Joe faces living in extreme poverty as his supply of money starts to dry. During these exploits, Joe comes to meet Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sick sick swindler who initially tries to comply Joe from all his money. When they realize that they are both in the same situation, Ratso offers Joe a place to stay, and, working together, they try to make (largely unfair) life for themselves in the cold, frustrating metropolis of New York. /> <br /> Joe was convinced himself that New York women would be more than willing to pay for sex; However, its first venture like business ends with her guilty woman (Sylvia Miles) twenty dollars. Even though she might consider herself to be a bit intelligent, Ratso is just as swimming as Joe. Ratso, with his painful mouth and hacking, is always assured that if only he could travel to the heat of Miami, somehow everything would be true. This hopes hope that things will get better so easy is quite reminiscent of Lennie and George in the classic Roman Jan Steinbeck, 'Mice and Men.' Largest shot on the streets of New York, 'Midnight Cowboy' is a gritily-realistic look at life in the slums. Watching the movie, we can almost feel ourselves inside Ratso's squalid, unheated residence, our joints stiff from the painful winter cold. The act certainly contributes to this ultra-realism, and both Voight and Hoffman mastery present the two decadent dizzying of modern society. Hoffman, in particular, is exceptional in his role (I walk 'here! I walk' here!)), Manages to clearly typecast after his first debut as long as in the 1967 'Graduate'. Both stars were later nominated for the best Oscars actors (also nominated for acting bafflingly Sylvia Miles, for an appearance that could not have been for more than five minutes), though both ultimately lost from John Wayne 'True Grit. 'Midnight Cowboy' eventually went to winning three Oscars out of seven nominations, including Best Photos, Best Director for Schlesinger and Best Writing for Waldo Salt. <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' said mostly in a linear fashion, though there are so many reps aligned to Joe's past. Instead of explicitly explaining what these brief snippets are actually about, the audience is invited to think about it for themselves, and how these circumstances may have led Joe along the way he is now chasing. The successful-beautiful final scene leaves us with a glimmer of hope, but a great deal of uncertainty. Gritty, thought-provoking and intensely captivating, 'Midnight Cowboy' is one for ages.
