"Midnight Cowboy" was never a big movie starting with but it's a classic. You know it's a classic moment this song ensuring its songs, 'Talk to everyone' starting up on the soundtrack, (actually not written for the movie), and the way the camera introduces us to Joe Buck, (naked and in the shower). We saw Jon Voight before but never really noticed it, but when he tells us he is 'one helluva stud' who's skeptical of him? This was a great performance featuring iconic star status as well as a complete hand on the character and if Voight never did anything else, its performance here would still be legendary. As it is Voight was rarely disappointed on screen; even a piece of camel as well as its performance in that glorious garbage "Anaconda" is a fun source). The film became famous and infamous nearly overnight. It was a crowd-pleaser, (even the end of its descent), funny and sexy and recognized 'real'; (it was the end of the sixties and all the characters sound true). It was also the first 'X' rated movie to win the Oscar as Best Photo Year. Adapted, (glossy), by Waldo Selle from a James Leo Herlihy novel, he was probably the first American-leading commercial American movie dealing with 'taboo' topics such as homosexuality and drug-taking in a way-of-fact way. Everyone is completely human, warrior and all, and everyone treats sympathetic. Joe Buck voight is an innocent alien, a candidate who comes to New York to explore her fortune as a hustler, (a profession she sees as glamorous and does not bleed; it's a cross between gigolo and a social worker). But when he himself is hustled by a shout, the little con-man shouted 'Ratso' Rizzo, (Dustin Hoffman, fresh from the "graduate" and he is a revelation), realizing that perhaps the reality is a little different from the -Dream pipe. Essentially it's a male love story, (though totally platonic), between these are not too easy. Both totally alone, both totally in need each have the protection of the other, (Voight with his physical ability, Hoffman and his street-wise compressions). They are misfits decree from the mainstream, tolerant of their own peculiarities and their devotion to others. Even though 'straightforward' Voight is not beyond a homosexual encounter in a 42nd street cinema and a little boy is lonely than himself. (The whole movie poses a strange 'Christian' attitude). It is also breathtaking acting. While Voight and Hoffman keep the screen in full of superb stickers from the love of Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles as well as John McGiver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes as entertainment clients and hangers-on, very well-detailed little-character study They transcend act all along Jan Schlesinger's direction to give the film the feeling of a documentary as well as detaching totally detaching a foreign alien to the American under-vantage without rancor and blood critics. On second thought, maybe it's a great movie after all.
