Horror is perhaps one of two ways where logic does not always come out on imagination. We all know that killer like Freddy, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface should not be able to sustain the amount of pain they do and still live in another day's fight. Most of us do not believe that zombies really risen from the death of blue stalks and feed their brains. Let's hope that at least some people know that when you enter places like funhouses and old mansions that unspeakable crimes will not make them accomplish their accounts. This is where imagination wins on reality. Horrors, and most films in general, require us to stop our disbelief for a couple of hours and just go with the sink. This is usually not a problem when I watch the bouncing balls being thrown down the stairs of George C. Scott or when I see a force inviting following three amateur movie makers in the woods near Burketsville. But what I do have a problem to digest (without wanting to merge) is when a movie has a killer like the one in this movie. To give away who the assassin would actually be a big beck and he would be delighted to watch it for yourself, but just enough to say that I actually enjoyed this movie up to the final scene when the assassin reveals. There are too many events in the film that swept to make any sense that the killer is who he is. But the 90 minutes before this point is a well-done, thrilling, non-dipping film directed with panache and skill by John Hough. If the movie would offer me a different killer, then I would actually be ravage about it. This can sound like a completely asinin reason to discredit the movie, but believe me, anyone who saw the movie is almost sure to agree with me. John Cassevetes plays Dr. Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (played very well by Erin Flannery) were just recently moved to New England town. Cordell is a recent widow and his wife's death. We see several flashback scenes where a woman's mystery (one can only assume she is his wife) is laying on the ground during a torrential storm. Her face is blood and eyes closed. Again, I'm not sure what this woman is and how important it is in the story but it's there anyway. Cassevetes, he must have mentioned, is weird to say at least. Cordell is a father who loves her love for her daughter seems to be a little more than just the parents. There are a few scenes that hint in incestuous possibilities. It never comes to fruit, but it just seems to be omnipotent, but somewhere just under the proverbial carpet. Fortunately the movie never really explores the element in the relationship but it makes you a little uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Casevettes looks like a cross between the actress John Leslie and James Caan's big screen. He has a trumpet smile and a voice commander, who makes you sit and take notice. But he also looks like it is about to grow up while a hostess business in every scene. It just has that thin, influential, flammable, comfortable way. She never really looks like she can trust this film. I guess it's a credit writer, director and Cassevetes himself. There was still something that just bothered me about her character from the get-go. <br /> The story begins on an excellent note as the two lovers would swim in the local career. There's an old clot changing the flow close by and as we can see, something or someone watching them. When the young man shortly finds something out of the truck, the young woman wanders into the sink, just to play a lunch. Once he's there, he attacks. The young man shooter sinks to get it and is stacked with a board and nails. Reckless Hough sets us up for the payle pitch when the young man comes in. She looks frantically to lie down the room and her lover would be bleeding at the corner, and then smacko, the guy gets it. It's a very tense moment and it starts the movie on the correct score. <br /> <br /> Also introduced into the tangled bride in a story is a young man named Tim who seems to have strange dreams in an anonymous woman tied to a turtle room surrounded by people who have clothes covering the faces. Tim seems to think that his dream has something to do with the killings because each time a murder takes place, he has another dream. Launched in a tranquil grandmother and earthquake, a serious female reporter and a fortunate venerian local sheriff and you have all the ingredients needed to create the marketing of an imbroglio in the small town of Galen. More people are massacred, but most of the time men are killed with extreme prejudice and women are being raped. This is my first weak (and careful) to try to tell you that this is what left me convinced with the denouement. It just did not hit the right rope. <br /> <br /> Incubus is a well-made film. It's tense, tight and even most of the performance is very well done. I was intrigued by the dreams that Tim had and I was worried to find out what the meaning was in the story and finally to the murder. But when you get into all that was good in the movie, you still stay with that accelerate taste in your mouth. And bitter pills are always more difficult to swallow than sweet. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10 - This could be a nine. Too bad.
