The only reason I knew at Midnight Cowboy was because he was at Top 100's 100's criticisms to 100. For a top 100 he is not a very well-known movie; Well, I had to look hard to find a copy, I got the DVD version for about half-price. Surprisingly it was only rated M15 + (the unut version). <br /> I'm very much going to take notice of this review (more like comment) so I'll do it short. <br /> <br /> This is perhaps one of the weird movies I've seen, partly because of the mounting, artistic filming (very art-house) and the weird theme. There are many things in the movie I still do not understand (I've seen it twice), and it makes for an emotional movie confusion. The movie and acting were very good, and it is the bigger life character that makes this movie memorable. The main character is Joe Buck, a 'cowboy' from Texas who moved to New York to become a whore. It meets Enrico 'Ratso' Rizzo's, and, of course, become friends around the usual sculptures. What makes the movie interesting is the two characters are so different. <br /> I felt the film did not really develop the relationship between Buck and Enrico Rizzo for the audience to have any real emotional connection, although the finish is certainly quite sad and tragic. You probably already know what's happening in their revised reading, but its beautiful is evident from the beginning. <br /> <br /> I personally think the movie very well and intensely exploring its main theme. Depression of humanity (shown in the darkness of the city streets, breaking down the wineries). Most of the characters in the movie exist beyond the law (a conman, giggolo.etc) yet you can not help empathy. Joe Buck is enticing because he is so naive and optimistic, while we start to feel sorry for Ratso later in the movie. <br /> I think the movie was rated so high because it was certainly very ground-breaking for its period. At the moment (And even now) it was definitely not a typical film (art-house). At a time when the cinema was dominated by Western violence, music and drama a movie that has a non-standard movie like Cowboy Midnight Pops up. At a personal level, I must say that I liked the movie. The image targets a dream-like type. I particularly love the scene of the party, the music, images etc. stay in mind for a long time after watching. However, as a movie for entertainment sake it was a bit lacking (not really my style of film) of emotions. This is a movie to be savored and appreciated, rather than a cheap action movie action. Although I would hardly consider myself eligible to analyze this film, the characters and motives were very interesting. From what I understand in the flashbacks, Joe Buck has been sexually abused as a child by her grandmother, although it still does not seem to relate to the story. He is a happy-go-lucky young stud, who suppresses his darkest memories. Religious religions in the film are also puzzling. Some have suggested a homosexual connection between Buck and Ratso, although I fail to see where they had the idea out. The theme of homosexuality in general is more than touching on in the conversations, and later in Joe Buck's encounters with an old lonely man, but he has little to do with the main story. a technical point of view of one of the finest films of the decade (it has more of a 70s feeling over a 60s feeling) and revolutionary for his time touching on some other film films to make. While it has a simple, sentimental story (disguised by a tough edge) the beauty of the movie is in the strange, often psychedelic sequences.
