I sit down to watch "Midnight Cowboy" thinking it would be another movie '60s /' 70s movie. Some of my favorite films come from the '70s, in the same vein as "Midnight Cowboy" ("Taxi Driver," "Streets Mean," "Panic in Needles Park," etc.), but there are many good who have won strong reputation among the critics of their inauguration - unfortunately a vast majority of them are not caught as well today. I sort of feel this way about "Easy Rider." (Although he, too, is one of my favorites.) So I did not expect much of "midnight cowboy", but got a lot back. It's a touching story, well-done and well-told and some of the best performances of all time. Dustin Hoffman, as Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, gives one of her best - it's a bit funny at times (she sounds like a cartoon character when she speaks - maybe because of the Lenny connection / "Simpsons") , but Hoffman is entirely compelling. Half of the movie budget goes towards her check as she just gets a big star in Hollywood. Opposition to him is Jon Voight's second-financed second, as Joe Buck, the "Cowboy" who travels to the Big Apple North in hopes of becoming a prostitute. Soon his naive way to his land in trouble and scared with a crippled scam artist named "Ratso" - who offered to become Joe's "manager" for a certain percentage of profits. in two hours but never really looks very long. Some films may tend to creep, especially some of the films that made in the '70 because (as it says in "Easy Raging, Raging Bulls") directors were the stars of the cinemas in the 1970s and occasionally They got a bit too infatuated with the materials, going over examining over too long / scene / etc. non-important. Just on the only scene I felt was a bit too long and necessary was part of drugs - it made the movie seem very obsolete (similar to the drug odysseys to "Easy Rider") and really badly sink it because it does not necessary. /> <br /> Other than that, "midnight cowboy" is a nearly impractical motion picture. I was pleasantly surprised. It has its flaws (the flashbacks are somewhat pathetic and never used as well as being able, for example) and some of the scenes are a bit uncomfortable (such as the gay movie massage sequence), but if you can Occupying her content "Midnight Cowboy" is a truly great motion picture, a compromised test of life on the streets at the late '60s / early' 70s. It's a depression movie, yes, and today's standards might seem a bit obsolete and heavy on the liberal perspective of "life is terrible, etc." ... but I still love it and particularly the very touching end will remain with me for a long time. <br /> <br /> Very recommended. One of the best films in the '70s. (It was technically released at the end of 1969 but I would still categorize it as a 1970 movie. He also won the Oscar at best photos, the first - and only - X - rated motion pictures to do so. He was later re-rated R on call.) <br /> 4.5 / 5
