If you ever have the chance to see Sandra Bernhard live in person, you better move on to her sweetie. I saw her last year in Los Angeles at the opening of all her bad and beautiful trips and I still can not believe I was in the first row, and lucky enough to experience such a phenomenal show. He is now in New York with the show and coincides with the release of his inaugural tweet, "without you nothing." We lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra always with us. Patti Smith is in action, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand continues to peep herself out once in a while, but Sandra more than make up for Babs leaving. Well, I want it known, Mrs. Bernhard is a little bit of these influential artists and more. I really wanted to push this movie because of its truth, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (derived from Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince), and a script that defines the decadence, joy, sadness, ups and downs of 70 and 80 years. It is my opinion that many (and I mean, so much) the comics were awakened, hugely outright stolen, many of this show if not from Sandra himself. I will not name but come on, people, you and I know who they are. See, the thing is, Bernhard plays by its own rules. This film shows, as live performances, that it is a scene that has remained true to the old school in show business, as well as push forward. Its performance is reminiscent of physical jazz clubs (during the time of Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), 70 television shows, intimate cabaret acts and concerts that are reminiscent of everyone from Judy Garland Joan Jett. Most comedians could not even touch where Sandra is coming out or going. So here I was, a year ago, watching Sandra at the Silent Movie Theater, in earthquake and joy. I wanted to meet him after the show, giving him something that meant something for me, which, hopefully meant something. But I listened to my copy by giving Til it hurts me, and just thank her in a prayer, the kind of make me laugh, make me think, make me feel. You can not deny the presence of this lady and you certainly can not deny the talent that just rushes from the stage. It's still here, damn it, even after the release of your blood I'm nothing, some 15 years ago. And he looks great, by the way. I know this pills, walking out of the theater one audience member said in another, "It's so fun..and it seems incredible !!! If you can not experience it live again, please watch this movie As for me I hope Sandra will see this.You have to say a heck of a lot of me, gotten me in some difficult times times. If you can send an email, please do Do not you know that you are still kicking it out and will continue to do that, that's enough for me. Come on, give it to the lady !!!!
