Pet Sematary succeeds on two major situations. First, it's a movie scary film. The righteous are not produced in those days. Secondly, it's an emotional, smart film in general. So if you are looking for thrill, crisis, criticism and visually stunning environment, big acting, dialong, and the most wounded effects; this is the movie you are looking for. A classic now and really a must see for any horror fans. <br /> <br /> Probably, the best adaptation to any of the royal novels. The events feel a little running compared to the novel, but this does not mean that this film is underrated is not a complete supporting / drama achievement. Stephen King's novel is widely known for being very emotional and absolutely at the same time. The film captures the feeling especially because there is a great development character and you can feel the relationship between its members. Then when everything looks early (technically happy, because the title "Pet Sematary" does not offer adventures!) A tragic event changed the film's atmosphere, now it looks very dark. The movie has a disaster sentiment since the open credit, but after Gage the movie has become sad, gray, creepy. Dealing with the loss of a baby son is something that can ruin a family's life, and "Pet Sematary" proves it dramatically. <br /> <br /> The legend behind the seminar pets is more than a myth that no one wants to experience, but sadness and despair lead an emotional father to destroy it a shot. Unfortunately, the legend has come true and Baby Gage returns from the dead. The previous meeting with the legends of the baby's baby turned out to be a tragedy but this time it's a lot, much worse. What will happen with the lives of our entire American family? Could Pascow prevent this tragedy? What is it and the surreal nightmare? <br /> See "Pet Sematary" for witnessing one of the most touching and emotional films in recent times. You will not regret. The act is very good although I did not dig the actor who described the father. He did not seem to distract enough when the situation requires his deportation. But it's just my opinion. Denise Crosby really delivers a great performance and perfect work as noble, sensitive to the mother. Gage baby was amazing even on his creepy part. * Shivers *. Generally this is a great classic ever with a disturbing movie that touches people 's fears ... the loss of a loved one, the dead return to life, and a feeling of despair. for sure ... I should not be buried in a sematary pet !!
