"Pet Sematary" is an adaptation from the Stephen King novel to the same title. The story follows the Christians - an all-American, middle-class family, who moves into a house out of the country. The family consists of Louis and Rachel, and two toddlers, Ellie and toddlers, Gage. The house could not be better, and the family meets a strange but old friend, Jude, who lives along the way. He brought them down an old path in the woods one day where a pet carrot lies - filled with a huge amount of animal graves. And just beyond, lies a sacred American burial ground that looks like a strange power. When the family cats, the Church dies, Louis sees it fit buried in the pet cemetery - and oddly enough, soon after, Church returns to life. But there is something wrong about it now, it is not the same cat it used to be. But when a tragic accident took the life of young Gage, Louis decided to implement the same concept of hoping to rest his son dead ... unfortunately, he became more than he had bargained for. <br /> Having read the Stephen Roman King, I can say that the book is better than the movie. Do not tell the movie is bad, because it's not - the book is just a bit better. The real force in this film lies in its history, which is both rare, but very original, something that the royal story is typically known for. The script is very well suited to the story, and while it is different to minorities in some aspects, it's a nice good page-to-screen transformation. There are some holes drawn here and there, no big though. In addition, this movie is actually very scary, and it succeeds in its intention to do so. Some scenes are really disturbing throughout the film, and I should say that the flashback sequence of Rachel's sister Zelda is the number one. Honestly, that's one of the most disgusting things, the disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror movie - it's not gory and blood, it's just flatten out disgusting. One thing for sure, this image will not leave you anytime soon. <br /> <br /> The performances of this film were all very up to now and I really had no problem there. This film is actually on the gorian side, there are plenty of nasty little sequences to please all of the bandwidths out there, including the shocking to an end. I really enjoyed the way the movie ended, it was abrupt and somewhat inconvenient, but it worked the best way and everything to consider. <br /> <br /> In general, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror movie that I would recommend for fans of either Stephen King or just a fan of the genre in general. The story is the greatest movie and it's a creepy one too. One of the best adaptations Stephen King I would say. 7/10.
