Louis Creed, a doctor from Chicago, moved to a large house near a small town, since he will be giving classes at the University of Maine. Together with her, Rachel, his wife and two children, Ellie and Gage, as well as the Ellie's Cat, the Church. Soon, they met new neighbor, and old man named Judd Crandall.Judd not only warns Louis and Rachel about the danger that the highway is running past the houses (which is still a way used by large trucks), but also show families a pet cemetery located near their home. Judd begins to talk about the importance of the pet's home, but Rachel talks about death and spirituality with her children since her dream of Zelda's sister's death. The family in the new home, Louis already has deceased faces: Victor Pascow, a student who was injured in a motor vehicle accident, addressed his death to Louis personally, though the two men were aliens. About night after Pascual's death, Louis experience what he believes is a very clear dream in which he meets Pascow, leading him to the pet's cemetery and warns Louis not to "go beyond, no matter how much you feel need. " Louis got up in the morning bed convinced he was only a dream, until he discovered his feet and the blankets covered with dirt and needle pine. Anyway, he postponed the dream. Many strange things start to happen with Church, Ellie's cat, die while walking on the highway. Louis remains worried about how he will talk about the death of the Church and Ellie, but Judd, sympathizing with him, Judas takes Louis to the parchment pet, supposedly buried the Church. But instead of standing there, Jud led Louis further on a frightening journey to the "real cemetery": a former burial ground that was once used by the Micmac ('... Indians ...'). There is Louis treating the cats on the teachings of the Judas, and Judas says that burying animals have come back to life. And that's where the real horror story begins ... <br /> <br /> I personally find this movie very good. It's not worst at all, but it's one of the best horror movies I watch. Gage in the way of death, is almost impossible not to stay in your memory, especially being a toddler. It's cool to see Stephen King's cast as the minister of the funeral. <br /> Of course, there are some script errors: How is a wealthy doctor and two small children, going to live in a place where there is a dangerous highway near his home? How does gage no scratches or anything after hit by a truck? Why does Louis continue to resurrect every member of his family know they will all be monsters? Things like that make no sense, but I can understand that all the horror scripts need to have some surreal ideas at work. <br /> A good thing I've seen in this film is the need to talk about deaths with kids, whatever your religion or if you are an atheist, and also avoiding important subjects does not help anything. Because of Louis being afraid to be honest with Ellie, confront him, saying that his cat should not come back again, all the nightmare began.
