In the trivia section for Pet Sematary, it mentions that George Romero (director of Stephen King Story, Creepshow and Half of Black) was put in direct and then pulled out. A wonderful thing that he would have led to the film, like the director of Mari Lambert, while not really a bad director, does not really bring that much imagination to this adaptation of the novel, in which he wrote the scenario. There are of course some very effective, unexpected scenes (mostly involving the sister Zelda, the more likely a creep-out for the kids if they see the movie), and the casting of some of their roles is dead-perfect. But something feels lacking at times, some sort of style that might correspond to the unfamiliar atmosphere that King-Love, which is in this case is as morbid as you're going to get without cannibal incestuous rising from the graves being cast in (who knows if he will save for his final novel ...) <br /> <br /> As mentioned though, some of the filing is terrific, notably Miko Hughes as Gage Creed, The little boy from being one of the cutest little kids this side of a 80's horror movie, was a little monster (I say as a compliment, of course, especially in a brandishing scene scalpel certain). And there is a juicy supporting role for Fred Gwynne in the Munsters, who plays this old, secret person and the right notes of play-and bankruptcy of tone. And applause goes to the make-up person on Andrew Hubatsek. But there are some other flaws though in the other cast; Dale Midkiff is a good thing, not great, as the controversy, detests dad face beliefs, and her daughter Ellie plays an actress who just did not work for me at all. <br /> In terms of setting up some jigsaw set-pieces, only a couple really stand-out: a certain scheme-thickening moment (not spoiled, it involves a cool song Ramones), and the first animal visit The servant (the largest one), including the sort of spell mistle king was in the shining. For the most part a very polished work is directed, even though it could have been made even more darkly corresponds to the script. If thought from logical terms (albeit in the term of terms) it is really one of its most effective work in the period. But it does not add up as it could, or should. Still, she does for a minute minute movie.
