The title has many meanings - the boxing ring, where the differences and complaints are fighting out, a wedding ring, where Mabel feels trapped and Jack feels the trouble going on with the cause of the problem, a ring-like ring bracelet gives Mabel as a sign of love. <br /> <br /> Former professional boxer, Danish Carl Brisson, was given his start in film by Alfred Hitchcock in the "Ring". A very young Ian Hunter, who went on to have such a long career in movies, plays Bob Corby, who catches the eye of a pretty girl, Mabel (Lillian Hall Davis) in a wonderful fun. He is engaged in "One Round" Jack Sander (Carl Brisson) but does not stop his flirting with Bob. Bob is persuaded to go "one round" with Jack. He goes through several rounds and wins - he's a professional boxer and he and his manager have come to the fair to find out if Jack is as good as a fighter as they heard. He offered to take Jack on and Jack to go off, with his boorish coach (Gordon Harker's big) making his fortune and plans to marry Mabel when he does good. Jack overcomes her and marries Mabel the next day, but the deep attraction that she and Bob feel for each other are still there. Jack is suspicious and puts everything in his training so he can fight Bob for his wife. At last a boxing movie where the hero does not go to the rails - Bob behaves himself and does everything he can to be a champion - if only Mabel acts in the same way !!! He left it for Bob - and the battle to the end is a mighty warrior. It is intensively realistic - it occupies the last 20 minutes of the movie. From being raw and enthusiastic, Jack is almost knocking out - then between judges, meeting with Mabel, giving him the courage to triumph. The question is why he would even want to come back - from the start he thought nothing of starting an affair with Bob - why would not he do it again? The movie is packed with symbols. Jack, shaking hands with the developer, change from the Mabel to accept a bracelet from Bob. When Jack puts the ring on Mabel's fingers, Bob Wrist slips down his wrist. At the end of Jack, Mabel's reflection reflects in a bucket of water, and gives it the confidence to go. This is an excellent movie that will not disappoint you. <br /> <br /> Very recommended.
