Sandra Bernhard in my blood is not anything, the movie released in 1990, followed on the heels in 1988 off-Broadway production stage ... what she and others refer to in the movie as "breaking-hit a single-woman show. "There have been several changes in monologue with one-material, and the movie version visually re-vampire the story, taking Sandra out of a fabulous existence as a successful scene scene in New York, while she calls" summer superstar ", in an illusory, almost desperate existence back to her home in Los Angeles - her fictional manager of the movie refers to her as getting Sandra back" to her roots, upscale supremacy clubs like the Parisian room. " There's a point to be done here. Sandra is trying to appeal to her liberal stomach and sometimes criticisms sometimes in American pop culture at a hearing that does not fully see her. At L.A. He is playing in a dark majority audience, trying to tell his mind when all these people seem to want to be "Shashonna," a Madonna-look-alike stripper. And even then, with Shashonna dancing beating drums similar to those from "Like a Virgin," there's not much to be said for fun at the audience at the show. The scene of the club in the movie is a dancer passing a bone. A funny catch catch is in a Rotund man from the audience to help Shashonna out of his pants. But if she goes down, Sandra does this with style and strength, transmits everything from confident faith to vulnerability to vulnerability ... right at point where she is naked (literally), struggling to accept and yet somehow still swim in the pool of own clean transparent stardom. His reaction to the interaction with love of Calvin Klein, Jerry Lewis, Bianca Jagger, Ralph Lauren and (what we are going to believe is) Warren Beatty are fictional and hilarious. Sandra began to show her at the time of her late, making a quiet, but mystifying phrase by singing Nina Simone "Four Girls" while dressing in a mufti and other African dress, singing lines like "My skin is black," "My hair is wooly," and "called me sweet things." She resurrects and celebrates the ghosts of milieu art in a very funny description of the auction of frenzied real estate for Andy Warhol: "Let it's Andy have the wisdom and sensitivity of hours and hours of work and work that came into the American product ... that they were so lucky to cash in on this all Santa Fe thing happening." <br /> It explains over the overuse of Hollywood, consoling a friend annoying then admonishing her and saying, "Sir, if this is about Ishtar, I'm getting up now and walking out of your life for ever because this is too self-sufficient for me! "Sandra shows her expectations of women in the age of feminism. Dressed like a cosmo girl, Sandra returns her young fantasy to become an executive secretary and her boss. She eventually concluded in relief, "I will never have a statistic, my name. I'm under 35, and I'll marry!" <br /> <br /> Sandra discharges the opening of the sexuality of society: "When it touches you in the night, does it feel right, or does it feel real? I say it feels real ... MASSY real . " Finally, she was crying for change in the American Society Progress by channeling great disco Patrick Cowley and Sylvester and proclaimed, "Eventually everyone is funk!" All this comes in the form of glitzy, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful song written and out by Billy Paul, Burt Bacharach, Hank Williams and Laura Nyro, to name a few. At the same time, idealizing the fictional incarnation of Sandra - her self-generated image - floats around town, a beautiful black pattern and robes flowing with Kabala's reading tight reading, studying chemistry and listening to NWA rap music. / / <br /> In my blood, Sandra Bernhard explores the emotions and existence that, until then, it would only be toyed with as a regular guest on the night with David Letterman. It's almost childish like shock enthusiasm, exposed to all the '80s, is cast aside in facing a subtle attractiveness, and his confidence in facing materialist and American celebrity proves to be refreshing. This comedy approach might change Sandra's direction forever and mark the maturity most likely to come. <br /> <br /> If you love subtle humor to the point of engaging in jokes inside celebrity celebrity, sex, solitude, despair and deep feelings of love and kinship, this movie will keep you in touch. It may not mean to be funny across the board. Perhaps it's a bit unsettling or even maudlin for some. But considering the blank in the world Sandra painted for you, and you'll understand just how funny and bright it really is. <br /> But see without me Nothing with a friend "in the know" because it's definitely funnier that way. Before you know it, from there you will trade Sandra barbs and confuse the hell from everyone else.
