The ring was made out of the Hitchcock simply to write himself and read deals, as much of his earliest photographs done, and a love triangle. At first glance, it looks like a more cynical update in the comedies of infamy-themed morality in Cecil B. De Mille, but more than it is the first really competent Hitchcock photo. Even though he was not yet using the ideas and motives of suspense suspense, he at least developed the tools and created suspicions. As well as being a student of the German style expressionist, the rhythmic corrected style of Sergei Eisenstein had its impact on Hitchcock. But here it holds storm not only with the edits, but with the content of the imagery. This is apparent from the opening shots, where spinning fairground rides are set to establish a smooth tempo. And like Eisenstein, the editing style looks like sound ?? for example when a split-second shot into the bell being flashed, we almost subconsciously hear the sound because the image is so jarring. There is also a contrast, particularly with silent films from US, in which the ring is not cluttered up with many titles. As far as possible is targeted by imagery, and Hitch has enough faith in the audience either to lip or at least transfer the meaning to the essentials of the characters' speech. And it does not make symbols overcome or overacting, it's all done by finding the right angles with the right distribution, particularly with point-of-view shots, as well as some still subtle performances. There are unfortunately a few too many obvious expressive devices (particularly double exposure), many of which were needed, but far less than this has occurred in the Lodger. <br /> Let's make a few honorable mention for the aforementioned actors. First up, Carl Brisson is stunningly beautiful and very talented in the lead role. In spite of his talent I was at first somewhat confused as to why he got the role, as to be honest it looks more like a dancer ballet than a pugilist! But just going to show how much I know, as it turned out Brisson was in fact a former professional boxer and inexperienced in acting. Playing her rival is the competent Ian Hunter, who would go to have a long career in supporting the right roles up to the 60s. The most demanding role in the ring must be given to Lillian Hall-Davis, torn between two lovers. He pulled it very well however with an emotive, understated performance, and it's a shame his career never lasted in the sound era. And last but not least Gordon Harker's little give some funny relief to what is probably best for him ever. <br /> <br /> Climatic scenes ring the battle in the middle of the most impressive moment in silence-era Hitchcock. Martin Scorcese could have his eyes on the ring when he directed the Battle Rage at Bull Raging, as his watch for these scenes was "Staying inside the ring". The battle in the ring starts off with fairly regular shots, but when the action intensifies Hitchcock drops us right in the middle of it, with close-ups and point-of-view shots. Hitchcock's goal seems to have been to involve his audience, and this was crucial in his later career where the secret of his success was often to sneak into the viewer in the fear of the character or paranoia. deserve more gratitude than the inferior but the best known Lodger. It's a much more polished and professional job than the earliest picture, and probably the best of all its silent features.
