I kind of consider myself as the # 1 Frontier Front Cover, seeing that I am amongst a small group of fans who have actually met most of these guys - well, do not count counties, of course. I watch Frontier hide since 2001, and I must say I'm still impressed by what these guys have come up with. Hidden Frontier is the brainchild of Rob Caves and his self-made studio, Areakt Foto, which operates from the room back to his home. While not as "fancy" as, say, the series based on New Voyages (which sometimes gets some of the actors / writers of the original series, such as Walter Koenig, aka Mr. Chekov), Rob and the cast and crew of HF managed to create a worthy set of substitutes for our horrific experience called "Enterprise". The most controversial and successful story was the introduction of star Star Star First Star character, Corey Aster (who was featured in the second season), and his search to find a soul mate. Somewhere later in the series, he met Jorian Zen, Tril Helm Excelsior's officer. In the recent story lines with these two characters (NOTE: MAJOR SPOILER! Not if you did not watch the series up to this point!), Zen is joined by a symbiont exile, causing a great deal of change and some conflicts in relationships with aster. Even though the future is certain - to see as the most recent episodes, "Beachhead", they just showed HF fans in the chat room last night - I think this relationship will keep up, but only time will tell. /> Gene Roddenberry has created Star Trek and the intention that the story has more information about his character than that of flashy space fighting. Rob Caves creates Frontier hide for the same reason - and this is what made this series as popular as it is. As the comment before declaring, I wish I could give it a rating higher than 10, but it will be sufficient. Although next season will be the last - kept in the tradition of seven show shows started by Star Trek: The Next Generation - I Want to Bet That We Will Hear Many Of The Frontier Hide After This Final Episode.
