It was a long time since I saw this mini-series and I'm glad to say its memory was kept being kept tested in time. <br /> <br /> Most of the elements of 'A Perfect Spy', adaptation of LeCarré's finest novel, in my opinion, are top-drawers. Its outstanding aspect is the musical notes and performances of the mastery, the letter written by Arthur Hopcraft, which I believe, is the senarist for 'Tinker Tailor Spy' and Alec Guinness a few years before. The actors are mostly very good, some superb, such as Alan Howard's Jack Brotherhood and Ricky Pym Ray McAnally. Peter Egan is fascinating looking because his face changes with each camera angle. The passage of time and the effects on the physical appearances of the characters very believe they do. So much so I wonder exactly how old Peter Egan was at the time of filming. The only fate comes after the character of Magnus Pym transferred from the very capable hands of a young actor named Benedict Taylor to those in a too-old Peter Egan, just fresh from Oxford. But this is a minor and important couture of the whole. Egan has trouble convincing only when the text becomes melodramatic and needs to be "upset" emotionally, that is to say weeping. None of the actors have a very easy time with these moments, aside from the beautiful Frances Tomelty who plays Peggy Wentworth for all of her worth and steals the episode with ease. Jane Booker is annoying as Mary Pym. She has a part of the skin under her skin but often shows a romantic petulant that reduces her as a tasty diplomatic housewife, which Mari Pym is. Rüdiger Weigang is superb as Axel, fun, ironic and brilliant. I also liked to turn Sara Badel's camp as the Baroness. <br /> <br /> The British view of the Americans is clear rendered in some hilarious circle scenes. When Yanks came abroad to confirm with Bo Brammell (head of MI6), the American contingent was described as empty-headed buffalo that seemed to have memorized a lot of long words from the dictionary and spin them liberally and American jargon and psyk babble, much of the bemused riot in the English. <br /> The humor and sadness are blended ready. LeCarré had a talent for mixing disparate elements in its history, and Hopcraft was brilliantly captured sadness, but harassed the atmosphere of the original. <br /> Not a perfect production (what is?) And yet the best of LeCarré Adaptation for film or television for dating. <br /> <br /> Very recommended for spy-suspense lovers and especially LeCarré fans. DVDs are available in Acorn.
