As a fan of John Le Carre author I was slowly working my way into both his books and the adaptations of them. I found this 1987 adaptation of Carre's work at my local library and sat down to look at her thinking I would know what to expect. I was surprised to discover that my expectations were beyond this ministries, a fine cross between a spy thriller and a human drama. Peter Egan gives a great performance as Magnus Pym, the perfect spy on the title. Bringing on to the long tradition of strong Carre's main characters, Pym is also quite possibly the best. Egan plays Pym (which in fact has all the colors of author Carre) as a man forced to spend all his life lying down and betrayed sometimes from circumstances and other times just to survive and consequences of him becoming "a perfect spell". Egan plays Pym in perfection as a man always on the run, if not from others then out of his head. Egan alone has made six or so hours of these ministers worth seeing in his own performance. <br /> <br /> Surronding Egan is a fantastic cast. Ray McAnally provided one of his finest performances as the father's father Pam (like Carre said) based based on his own father. McAnally plays a man who comes in and out of Pym's life and is one of those responsible for Pym becoming "a perfect spy". In fact if it was not McAnally's performance a year later in a very British couple this would be the finest performance of her too short career. <br /> <br /> The rest of the support is also excellent. From Caroline John as Pym's mom to Alan Howard as his spy advisor to Rüdiger Weigang as the young Pym's friend turned controller Jane Booker as Pym's wife to cast into support is fantastic. Special mention should be made of three young actors who played Pym at least (Jonathan Haley, Nicholas Haley and Benedict Taylor) who established the young man who could become the man who played well by Peter Egan. The production values ​​of the mini are strong as well. As the miniseries adaptations of Tinker, Tailor, Soldiers, Spy and Smiley The people who have proven these stories can only be said in the miniseries format. The locations are excellent in English where people are scattered across Eastern Europe and the USA as they are joined by Chris Edwards. Cinematography Elmer Cossey adds an extra layer of realism in the world of the miniseries. But the highlight of the miniseries is really the script. <br /> <br /> Screenwrtier Arthur Hopcraft tackles the task of adapting six hundred or so pages to the novel. The novel was largely (at least in its early part) autobiography in early Pym's life has echoed many of John Carr's life. The script for this minister is no exception as it draws the development of Magnus Pym from the young "a perfect spy". Never once the miniseries deviate from its goal of telling a fine human drama in the context of the world of espionage. If one ever wants to prove that a spy thriller can be tense and fascinating without ever having a single gun fighting, point fights, or James Bond style car chasing this would be the evidence. While the miniseries are six more hours long it never waste a moment and it's all the best for it. Even though it might be overlong for some for those who do not have very short attention to spending here is a must see. From the performances of Peter Egan and Ray McAnally to fine production values ​​and a good literary script A perfect spy is one of the finest ministers who can expect to see. It's a fascinating journey down the story of the Cold War yet it is more then that. It is also a journey down what John le Carre has called the "secret path": The path to the man spy that must lie with the betrayers to survive. As many a human drama as a spy spy A perfect spy is not to be missed.
