Tarzan and his companion (1934) was the only Tarzan film I did not see when I was a kid. He sounded. Now I've seen it. I saw people in the brand (1932) about a hundred times and I kept a copy of my drive. It's a remarkable movie. It's almost damaging. Tarzan and his wife (1934) however, falters. It's not harmonious and its parts tend to live a life of own. The parties themselves are often very good and their action sequences are great. Big budget expensive. Tarzan itself is co-starring. Jane dominate. She has developed and became a forest girl so sexy I tend to forget about criticisms and praise songs instead. Well. He let him be cheated by a krock who steeled a kiss out of it and later killed an elephant. He insisted Tarzan brings a bracelet that belonged to his father. For ever. The thing would split into pieces this moment he went on his business in the jungle. Stupid? Later someone found it in the river. Well it was the evidence that Tarzan had died. Some cheap drams. The Crocks with an obvious interest in a dead Tarzan convinced Jane that she is gone. It takes the words for granted and you want to be removed (in England). Stupid Jane seems to have forgotten how difficult Tarzan is, how difficult he is to kill. The canoe leaves and Jane goes along. Again a hole. He could easily do the caravan rest for a few hours or more, to pick up a few things and say goodbye to the jungle and her dead husband. It could be smart. He was able to dive where to find floating bracelets, checking the banks for track. It can make fire in 15 seconds and swing to the Liana. Taking the tracks should not be too difficult for Jane's forests. He could talk to the saints, and so on. If he comes home to England without doing so it would become miserable. Jane is smart but cheap drama to bring her down. And why on earth is he leaving the rapist to get away with "I blame myself as much as you". A punishment for being blinded maybe? Nonsense. Battle, a tough slap and says Tarzan would be inappropriate. Still. This film is far worse even though the pits, sometimes deep. Just lean back and enjoy. It's Tarzan and Jane for God's sake.
