I have all the tarns Weissmuller on DVD (completely restored edition) & I'm never tired of watching them. My personal favorite is "Tarzan and Mate", due totally (almost entirely) to Maureen O'Sullivan's costumes and the occasional flash in her genital area under which leather tapes hang in front. Before that anyone claims that A - It did not really read, or B - It was not really what it looks like, let me say that I've looked at it a lot of time, in high zoom mode, and my confidence. it is he, and it is completely naked under that suit ... several times, especially during the lion attack at the end, careful look at slow motion and maximum pull will reveal that he has been hatched except for a small black hair patch Cover his lip ... There is no mistake about that at all. As in the swimmer scene being a double body in a "skin" suit, yes, it is a double, but does not wear any "suit" skin or anything else ... yet, slow motion and maximum pull show all things that want to see it. Now the conflict from the way is to move on to the current movie ... I thought the script was really well thought out and written tightly ... the sequence sequences were simply great, Although it is obviously a Rhino's rising turkey, Weissmuller actually fights the big Lion Lion ... The use of background vaccine was second unit unit from Africa is very well blended with the studio & US where they do it sometimes hard to say who is who. Do not complain too, remember that 90% of all films are stretched anyway, so just relax and enjoy the damned thing with a huge popcorn bowl, some cold beer, and a cool pack of smoking ... a sexy and unwanted Girlfriend / wife is not out of line either ... lol. Oh ... A final word on nudity ... at the very beginning, while the white hunters are talking dialogue, keeping your eyes on the extra background ... there are several good shots in African nude girls (obviously injection where) behind them. Another thing, the movie is not racist by the standards of the 1930s until the 1960s ... this is the way people have colored the thought and described back then. Shaft did not even think about at that time, neither would audience accept any other portrait of them at the time of history. Safaris actually served authentic to carry baggage on their heads ... and Tiny's character died a heroic death trying to save the white hunters and Jane. As a matter of fact, it was not until Gene Autry treated the Native Americans and colored people in Western Europe as real human beings that Hollywood began to see that he was okay to do so.
