One of Tarzan's best films is also one of its most loaded (and graphic) actions. <br /> <br /> Picking a year or so after the Tarzan Man Ape, Holt Niel Hamilton asks a wealthy friendship safari back to the elephant elephants to collect ivory. Her friends also came to wear dresses and perfumes that Holt hopes to use to win Jane back from Tarzan. Prior to leaving Holt finding his stolen map and becoming an angry outlet trying and taking a competition expedition. When they finally about taking the robbers they find all the dead parties and their heads surround. They have no choice but to fight their way out and soon get them out of the frying pan and into the fire. Eventually tarzan and Jane show up and everyone is off on even more adventurous .. <br /> <br /> The sad movie has been very much controlled to reduce the violence of graphics (its graphics even by today's standards .It probably would get a PG 13) and remove all hint of stripping, (there are a few minutes long nude scenes staged scene involving Jane full of nudity in her stripping, being only recently restored). It is clearly watching the restored version why this movie has been reduced to 20 minutes in its running time for TV. As it stands in its restored version this is a very adult movie that's romantic, touching, full of action and everything else that a movie should be. It's an amazing movie by almost any standard. Best of all its sort of movie that plays well both as an adventure standing alone, one need not have seen the movie first to enjoy it, but it also a movie that deepens the characters and themes that have been set up in this original movie. It's amazing. <br /> I really like this movie a great deal. If there are any flaws in the movie, maybe it's the movie of no good age. The back screen often is often obvious, there are gorilla costumes for many of the epics and some of the other effects are more strangely rather than convincing. However, almost every other movie level is top notch. <br /> You really must read in your mind to see this. Make yourself a great popcorn bowl and curl up on the couch and just let yourself float back in a simpler time. This is one of the great adventures.
