This fabulous fantasy is the second of the popular Tarzan series defeats set out by MGM. It's a first-class adventure for many reasons, I suggest - fine photography, strong imaginative cast, a fun cast, good fo-forestal premises and a very interesting storyline. Johnny Weissmuller plays Tarzan, a mono-syllabic sort untutored unlike the creation of Edgar Rice Burroughs; but it is honest, loyal, brave and courageous, and it needs to be during this narrative. As Jane Parker, his wife, Jane Porter of the novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and alive, as well as being athletic where the script calls for this type. The effect of the lighting, the spacious and smart sets is quite unusual. This is an outdoor adventure filmed on the back-much MGM that really works. The Fantastic Mutir Escarpment is a remote location that allows Tarzan and Jane to live quietly; but in the idyll comes people looking at them, ember in a Jane's civilization left behind and in which Tarzan could not really be uncomfortable familiar. One is Harry Holt, always in love with it, who and his friends tempt him to come back to civilization with him; the gown and perfume interest, but he refused to leave Tarzan. Tarzan has to protect it from several wild animals, in the scene that looks like a royal king of humankind. The claim group they want to hunt animals, and Tarzan agrees for Jane's sake in a bit of great game trapping; but at some point, the idea of ​​ivory and in finding a fortune turning the expedition 'idea. Tarzan is shooting, leaving for death; and Jane's forces force accompanied them on an expedition as they followed a dead elephant in the fabulous "elephant of cemeteries". But to find the area guarded by a wild tribe and not attacked by lions. Tarzan rides on an elephant she has to revive in time to call; In one of the most spectacular elephant scenes, she survived Jane and stayed at the expedition, who returned her little bit richer but very wise, as Jane continues to idyll her wild with her husband, new. The film was directed by Cedric Gibbons witch series-design, and quite well. Her work and lighting are outstanding achievements in this fun and exciting movie, which manages to look like real despite her Hollywood imperfections of starting to finish. Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Cavanagh is even better before and after revealing himself to be quite bad. Forveyter Harvey and Nathan Curry round out a lot of very professional. An unusual and well-fictitious film with amazing backgrounds and some solid dialogue confrontations too. Recommended.
