"Tarzan and His Mate", the second of the Tarzan photo MGM, picks up one year after the events of "Tarzan Man Ape". Tarzan and Jane lived happily in the jungle, and Harry Holt (one of the expenders of the first movie) returned, this time accompanied by the honorable Martin Arlington, in the quest of the elephant in the elephant ' . Of course, a variety of dangerous and exciting adventure takes place along the way. The first movie romanticizes everything - the jungle, adventure, romance itself, wild animals, and even death. The second film still has a great deal of romanticism and a lot of wonderful action sequences, but a more serious tone under the action. Characters dare to ask questions such as: What if something happened to Tarzan? What would Jane do if he was blocked by himself in the middle of the jungle and he had to unravel himself? While these are probably the real questions people should ask in this situation, it creates a certain amount of somberness that does not always be as much fun as the cast-caution-to-wind attitude of the original. <br /> <br /> One of the most enjoyable aspects of this film is the growth we see in the Tarzan and Jane relationships. Tarzan still speaks very broken English, but he clearly learned a few new words in his spouse. In addition, they loved each other really flowers, and we felt like they really spent a year together in the jungle. <br /> <br /> Most people consider "Tarzan and Mate" the original "Tarzan Ape Man" original. Personally, I liked the movie first just a bit better. The main reason is that the relationship between Harry Holt & Martin Arlington team is not nearly as likable as the Holt and James Parker (father Jane) relationships from the original. Mr. Arlington the character could have worked as a great movie movie, but he plays the hero for far too much of the movie. The movie can never decide if we would like it or hate it. (Also, I do not want to give anything away, but in one of the scenes where we should clearly hate her, Jane never found out about these events, so the finish is not quite as satisfying as she could. ) All of these opponents are relatively minor, however, and it's still a great movie. As with the first movie, "Tarzan and His Mate" have amazing scene scenes, wonderful wildlife, and one of the ever-bigger romance screens. If you liked the movie first in the series, this is definitely a sequel to see.
