Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray murdered in 1927 to inspire Ogden Nash to record a Broadway calling Machinal. More famously, it inspired James M. Cain to write two short novels that anyone actually attained at the point where reading this review would be familiar with - Double Indemnity and the Postman Still Ring Twice. Both became classic noir films in the 1940s, the Double Indemnity arguably the most perfect pio ever made. Some of the real elements of the Snyder-Gray story were captured by Cain - the old age and indifference of Albert Gray, Ruth's high-sex drive, Ruth's and Ruth's passionate affairs with the collusion of the murder and most popular clauses endommunity double. The missing elements include the fact that the current environment was a very urban Manhattan - Albert Snyder being a respected newspaper editor. Many incompetent and failed attempts were also ignored in order to cut off the chase. Double Indemnity Cain was filmed perfectly by Billy Wilder - let's ignore Stanwyck's ridicular performance as one of those exciting crashes in film movie! The postman Always ring twice, however, was filmed third and Ossessione, an Italian version with Luchino Visconti's first film, was the first in three versions. Before you comment on it, I'll recommend Lana Turner's - John Garfield version in 1946 in its entirety and five minutes in 1981 Jack Nicholson - Jessica Lange version of the big sex scene on the dining table. <br /> <br / Ossession is not as noirish as the Postman Still Rings twice. It has a great neo-realistic look that makes it a great movie, but a lot of the essential noir components are missing. It does not have low-key lighting and original camera angles. The dialogue is not difficult to boil and rather the film focuses more on characterization. This is the longest version of the story and goes deeply into characterization. It is also a lot more sexual than the Lana version of Turner. We have a very obvious adult relationship with Giovanna is very obviously a nymphomaniac. A new character presented in the story - La Spagnola - which is at least very obvious homosexual. There is also a small, but very well-played role for a dancer who moonlights as a whore. This is a far greater study of the working class than in crime. The audience really gets the feeling of poverty and greed. Drifter is a complete tramp, the wife has no Lana Turner and may even be a prostitute before marriage. Her husband is an obscene capitalist - obese, rude and arrogant. I think the casting was brilliant for this movie. My only cow is with the overlong running time. Everything is drawn out too long and would be more effective if it was more economical. But fans of noir and realism will definitely love Ossessione, as I did.
