The release of the TARZAN APE man, in 1932, caused a sensation. It may be difficult to believe, 70 years later, but the movie has many of the same types of impact as the MATRIX, or the Lord of the Rings achieved, at a time when movies and radio were the main source of entertainment. Tarzan has become an instant pop icon, the 'noble wildlife' that every woman has fantasized about, and everyone wanted it to be. The only person who is unhappy about the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, while he would agree to the MGM's creative freedom, and enjoyed his Royalty check, felt 'dumbled down' the version of his character, (with no plans to allow him to grow up) has turned away his vision (he would start a production company, and soon have to make his own movie 'Tarzan'). MGM, realized the value of his star's "destructive" star, knew the end would be even more spectacular than the original ... and TARZAN AND MATE it was delivered! The movie has an interesting back story; Cedric Gibbons, director of the MGM Art, has gotten a commitment to the studio to lead the end, before releasing TARZAN APE MAN, despite the fact that he never led before (the studio did not anticipate the impact of the movie, and did not think that a novice director would have a lot of problems on a movie 'gift' ... and wanted to keep Oscar-win chief of the cheerleaders). Gibbons, a prodigiously talented and visual imaginative artist, liked the pre-code Hollywood liberty, and decided to have TARZAN AND MATE's 'push the envelope' to the limit ... Tarzan and Jane would be frolic in a naked swim, and Jane would appear TOPLESS in most of the movie. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before his death, in 1998, while being a double used for the swim, he trusted the studio, and was 'a couple of days' in tales filming senseless heads ... but it has become too much of a strategic trying headache where plants and fruits are blocking his nipples, and the idea was abandoned (the shotgun film these days would be worth a fortune!) She made a nude silhouette scene in a tent, shining her head to the conclusion of her 'swim', and donned a revised 'jungle' costume that was very provocative, very thin, and open in those places ... and climbing The resulting result would help 'create' the Hays office, with self-awareness that would soon influence the entire industry. <br /> <br /> MGM yanked Gibbons from the production ('The Officials' Officials Given His Work as Art Director), and veteran Jack Conway has been citing as the new director, appealing criticisms ... although James C. McKay actually directed the movie, as Conway has been busy on 3 other projects in Vue Vila! The movie incorporates the best elements of the original (Safaris, tribal residents, Tarzan fighter jets to save Jane), and actually enhance the storytelling. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton), from the first movie, returns to Africa for ivory from Cemetery 'Elephants', and to try to seduce Jane in returning to England, with gifts of either dress, underwear, and perfume . He brings with him Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), a crack shot and investerate womanizer, who sneers in Holt's chivalrous pursuit of Jane, and stalks it as a potential 'conquest', to be had by no means ( including killing Tarzan, if and when it can get away with it without seeing). Tarzan barely tolerates intrusion into happy life with Jane, and puts his foot down, refusing to allow the hunters to the graveyard. Arlington finds his opportunity, catching the Man Ape alone, with his shoots, then returning to the camp with a fabricated story of his crush. Now Jane has no reason to stay in the jungle, and she can direct them to the graveyard, before her long journey back to England, comforted by the oh-so-sympathetic arlington. But a wild tribe and horrible torture awaited the group ... Did Tarzan, cursed back to health by his 'brand' family, to restore time to save Jane? <br /> While stock footage is again used extensively, racial stereotypes in the 30s are apparent, and the gorillas are obviously actors in deer suit, TARZAN and MATE achieve a level of sophisticated sailboat in any other film 'Tarzan', even As well as a sexiness that even Bo Derek's blatant TARZAN erotic, the APE did not touch. Johnny Weissmuller was in peak condition, physically, Maureen O'Sullivan had never been more beautiful, and 'Africa' never looked more romantic and dangerous. <br /> TARZAN AND MATE It was a triumph (although it would be drastically modified for many years), and it remains classic in the series, to this day!
