This film is a ripple of James Cain's novel, POSTMAN ever earrings. Apparently, the director and producer never bothered to pay for rights in this story - perhaps the fact that we were in the midst of the Italian Battle of WWII can account for their memory to consider the use of equipment! Despite this, the film is not really just an Italian version of the Hollywood movie. In some ways it's a lot better and in other ways, it is definitely not. Three central characters in this movie are really pretty ugly people. In fact, the male and female lovers are somewhat icky-looking. The male foot is very ordinary except for her body's hair (particularly on the back and shoulder) and her lady's love is, put it frankly, unattractive. They are a very, far cry from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. And the ill-fated husband is really, really obese and love walking around shirtless - and his counterpart in the American film, Cecil Kellaway is definitely the best looking (and probably better looking than the other Italian leads, actually). And this unattractiveness is generally a reason I actually prefer the Italian movie - since I just could not imagine a well-cooked "flat" like Lana Turner in the middle of nowhere couples and Kellaway - I'm 100% sure it would have dozens of best offers! Similarly, the Italian wife frankly could not be able to do better with this marriage being actually credible. <br /> <br /> A part of the Italian film is believed to come from the weakening of gender. The American Sanitation movie tries to convince you that although Turner and Garfield kill Kellaway, they never actually get around sex! This is very funny and totally unrealistic. Besides the casual sexuality of the movie, it's also very casual in showing seamy seaside in life - and many sweaty, a flying strip hanging on the kitchen table and everyone appears to need a bath. The movie is also very fast-paced compared with the over-American film. And what you get due to inconsistency is not all right. The movie lacks a lot of the style and polish in the American movie - with grenades, relatively poor orchestration and lying. It is certainly not a movie, but the Neo-Realist-like style makes the movie more realistic. But he can not make up for the short-cut of the plot. Many of the elements drawn in the later American version are either missing entirely or glossed over. And the finish looks a lot less interesting than the American movie - and misses all the human nature dilemmas when Turner and Garfield turn on each other like rats (the best part of the American film). is the best movie? Well, a lot of this probably depends on you. As for me, the movie Warner movie was simply too polished and too unrealistic (though much like this style and can look flu movie and subtitles) - but it loads a great finish. And the Italian film was so much, much more realistic - until the end of the decline seemed too rush. So neither film is exactly great, but I would give shame to one of the Italians being a bit better. It's too bad they could not combine the best components of both the movie one movie exceptional.
