With Iphigenia, Mikhali Cacoyannis is perhaps the first film directors to bring success to the theater's ancient Greek theater theater. His own Sinik, an adaptation of Euripides' tragedy, was far from easy, compared to that of the other films of the trilogy he headed. The story has been very carefully disassembled from Euripides' version and placed in a logic, strictly chronological framework, better adhering to the modern methods of cinematic history. Cacoyannis added some of his films to the Euripides Tragedy: Odysseus, Calchas, and the Army. This was done in order to make some of Euripides' points regarding the war, the church, and the government clear. Finally, Iphigenia Cacoyannis' finish is somewhat ambiguous when compared to the Euripides. <br /> <br /> The shotgun film was taken sideways in Aulis. The director of photography, Giorgos Arvanitis, shows us a rugged, but beautiful Greece, since the Homeric day seems to have stood still. It takes advantage of their bodies, the arid soil, the crushes, the intense light and the darkness. The difference in the landscape is particularly fitting the souls of the characters. The camera utilizes whole gamut of available shots, long, strengthening the vastness and desolation of landscape landscape, as well as the human scale involved, the extreme close-ups, dissecting and probe deep the soul of the teased characters. In particular, the film's opening, with a bold, track acceleration followed on a line of beach ships, followed by an aerial view of the many thousands of soldiers lying on the beach, is a very effective means of communicating awesome Agamemnon political and military responsibilities. <br /> No words but "Sublime" can describe the stunning performances of Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clytemnestra), and Tatiana Papamoschou (Iphigenia). Kazakos and Papas incorporate the sublimity of the classic Greek tragedy. Kazakos' character is very down-to-earth, and his powerful look at the camera, over his words, reveals the incredible torment to tear his soul. Irene Papas is the modern heartbeat of Greek classics. In Iphigenia, it is terrible in his heart, and even more so for what we know will be his revenge. Tatiana Papamoskou, in his first role on the screen, is outstanding in his show of innocent Iphigenia, which contrasts with Kazakos' diy described by his father, Agamemnon. <br /> <br /> Cacoyannis is faithful to Euripides in his representation of the other characters: Odysseus is a sly, plain politician, Achilles, a vain, narcissistic warrior, Menalaus is self centered, obsessed with his honor ', eager to shoot, and have his wife and property recover. <br /> <Costumes and sets are realistic: there is no Hollywood. Agamemnon quarter is similar to a barn, dressed, as well as others, in utilitarian, hand-knit, simple dress. The Royal Caravan Clytemnestra is made up of rough-dug wooden logs. <br /> <br /> The music is not the prolific contemporary music composer Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis' posts intensify dramatically and unfamiliar movies, reflecting on the psychological tragedy, and emphasizing its dimensions and realities. Greek thought was crucible for many of our modern civilizations. It teaches us a lot about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures. Euripides question the values ​​of war and patriotism by measuring the wonderful virtues of family and love, and reflecting vulnerable women's positions in a truly world of violence. In his adaptation to Euripides tragedy, Cacoyannis reviewed all of these terms in a modern, clear, and dramatic fashion. Relationships governing machinations of machinations are clearly demonstrated: the warfare warfare and destruction of the human soul as a limit that both the individual and the group can function normally again. With the exception of Menelaus, whose honor was guaranteed by his own wife's lover and his lover, everyone else has his own motivation to go to war with Troy, who has nothing to do with Helen: Thirst for power ( Agamemnon), Greed (the Host, Odysseus), or glory (Achilles). So, in a real sense, Helen became the WMD in the Trojan war. The war, the strip of all homeric glamor and religious sanctions, was just an imperialist enterprise, demanded primarily by the desire for material benefit, everything else was a practical practice. Another controversy raised by the film is that between the Church and the State. Calchas, who represents the Church, feels the challenge of his priesthood authority, wants to destroy Agamemnon for the insult of the goddess she serves, telling her to sacrifice her daughter. In the consent of the sacrifice, the king comes closer to its moral tyranny, but in refusing to lose his power over the masses (his army), who are in the brain by religion. Of course, for Agamemnon, it's a game. The king must go along with the charade if he honestly believes in God or not, until he realizes, too late, that he infects himself in committing an indisputable misdemeanor. <br /> <br /> Is it a sacrifice or a murder, and how can we tell the difference between the two? By focusing on the violent and primitive horrors of a human sacrifice - and, most of all, the sacrifice of one's own child - Euripides / Cacoyannis creates a dramatic once-political and agonizingly personal drama. It touches on a more complex and delicate problem facing any society: the tough conversation between the needs of the individual against those in society. In the case of Iphigenia, however, as in biblical history of Abraham and Isaac, the father is asked to kill his own child, not his own hands. What kind of God would insist on these payments? Can it be just or moral, even if inspired inspired? Finally, the death of the daughter's daughter is different from the death of all the sons and daughters who were sent to war? These are many deep questions raised by a two-hour film.
