Well, I would hear from a place that Ossessione is a precursor of the Italian film genre, and the particular favorite of me, the 'Giallo' ... but actually, aside from the fact that this is a thriller made in Italy; The two have very beautiful relationships no. In the sixties and sixties, Italian movie-makers would find themselves a reputation for cutting off just about every successful American movie released. They did not do this here, but Ossessione followed almost the exact same story as the American movie poster in the 'Still Ring Two Times' Post Office, without giving the book author James M. Cain, so much as a credit! Anyway, the draw focuses on Gino Costa, a lovely driver who, by chance, falls on a café where a woman named Giovanna Bragana works. She soon learned that she was married to Giuseppe; a big fat annoying person, whom Giovanna can not stand to have even touched it. She wants to be afraid of them to run along, but it's not so sting on the idea. However, fate ends up intervening with his plans to have her husband assassinated to success ... Despite the fact that the movie loses some credibility for not crediting the author whose story is based, she has to be told that director Luchino Visconti applies the film noir film to well, and in a way I prefer the atmosphere of this movie some of the major American noir classics. The story is, as you would expect, very strong and Visconti managed to pull good performances out of his cast. The visconti shooter film came out a bit too much, however, with a time running in nearly 135 minutes, I felt that the story was too thin to this type of length. I almost feel guilty of leveling all this criticism of Ossessione as it is a good movie, but not a big movie. The relationship between the two central characters never really explored well, and it seems like the movie is more serious to distract us from it rather than leaving us in the characters' head. There are not many mysteries of the draw as we are pretty much still aware of what's going on, and not always focus on the characters themselves; The movie is not as interesting as it could. Still, he does look for an interesting look and comes up for that reason ... although it's not as good as version in 1946 in the same class James M. Cain.
