When people nowadays hear from a 1940 drama, they usually appear to create an irony to claim that it is another tearjerker with great stars in the lead in tragic, melancholy roles. This opinion, however, does not resemble Neorealist movies, in particular this one directed by Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSION as his first once tried and once cared as almost a realistic masterpiece still loved by some people and critically criticized by others. The contradictory views of the movie that appeared in the 65 years seemed to have been caused by the content of the film itself, exceptionally controversial for modern times as well as the past. At the same time, while being based on the novel by James M. Cain, POSTMAN of ALL RINGS TWICE, it is one of the most authentic screen adaptations where principal remains his own style, view, his own art. I saw the film twice and the second look led me to a very partial part part of which I would like to enter below. <br /> The first, Visconti's film seems to handle all psychology and actions that people can do in life, in particular those absorbed by desire. These people make these tragic decisions in spite of their terrible consequences in the face. Gino (Massimo Girotti) a traveler and "bear like shoulders" turn on the crossroads in a freeway near Ferrara and enter the box. Although many people go for a meal, Gino must find something more - more: Unfatigable desire of beautiful Giovanna (Clara Calamai) a woman already married to an elderly man who runs the bar, Mr Giuseppe Bragana (Juan De Landa ). Her body and song she owns her mind totally and from the moment of their first love, the couple plans to get rid of the old obstacle and building a new life together ... However, people are tied to bad deeds in the face of desire? Can anyone build love for murder? What is love and loyalty? Deny leads to a dangerous addiction or even obsession? These intense questions arise while watching the movie, when, at the core, the viewer is supplied with an insight into characters. "We must love each other" jihyana answers seemingly a healing for all cries of conscience, but may want to love to justify and heal everything? "It's not what we both wanted to" said one of the couple ... it happened that it was not. Therefore, the content of the film appears to be very dangerous if not analyzed with intelligence and heart. But he always thought to induce. Second, OSSESSIONE has a very strong point that talks to modern viewers: brilliant moments and beautiful movies, which go in pairs with memorable and visual power sequences. Such a modern visualizer realizes that a movie made almost 70 years ago is absolutely fun to watch. They range from tasteful images to erotic shot shot injections. Who can possibly skip this moment in Ferrara where Gino meets a beautiful girl, a sort of "Ragazza Perfetta" (perfect girl), an Anita dancer and her ice cream shop. Its desires show it totally different directions ... Does viewers remain indifferent at the first Gino-Giovanna meeting? The first focus of camera is on the Giovanna's legs seemingly represents carnal desires on love that Gino experience. An amazing wonders is Gino and Giovanna leaving the investigation room and the dark shadow that directed our attention on suspicion. Third, OSSESSION can boast outstanding performance both from the leading pair as well as dropping into support. Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that worked in this film was one of the most difficult tasks he ever did; again, consequently, what out is an impeccable act. It shows a bisexual man torn in the desire to commit a crime, but he can not stop any of the objects that remind him of his victims, representing conscience. His bisexuality is indicated by character Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo) whom he meets in a very surprising circumstances in the train for Anacona. Clara Calamai, who was cast into the role after eminent Anna Magnani refused, fits well in the role and we can claim that there is a true chemistry between the couple. They are both very convincing. In addition, I liked Juan De Langa in the role of Bragana: she shows an old husband by the affection of his wife and still crazy about high school. In some of his most witty moments, he asked his wife to wash his back or walk through the empty streets to sing his favorite opera songs after sort of karaoke performance. <br /> In sum, we, as modern viewers who are able to see criticism, have to look at this movie very objectively. It is art for sure thanks to the aforementioned aspects, it is a powerful story as well thanks to the controversy it brings; again, is it education? Visconti was not Fellini who said he did not bring any messages to mankind. In this case, her film would only entertain (which is, of course, not entirely Fellini's style, too). Visconti still had something to convey. What did he mean here? Are films against bad marriage? Or is it against the bad actions of those desires by desire? Last shocking finals say for themselves. Even if you do not have to agree with the vision, OSSESSIONE is really a wonderful realistic movie, one of the best Visconti 8/10
