A deplorable social condition triggers the catastrophe: A poor Giovanna ended in the gutter, but still has an ace up his sleeve: beauty and fasting. Bragana, a fat-fat tenant, who gets over in years, chooses her out of the street and offers her beds and houses with her clumsy affection. But physical contact that Giovanna is now exposed to only giving her feelings of disgust, and so she does not see a good father in her hand a tormentor whom she got rid of. <br /> <br /> arrives at Gino, a young migrant worker, finally giving her the opportunity to. And you do not have to ask her twice: At the very first encounter she gives him the feeling of being physically willing, and a little later it allows him to seduce it without offering any resistance. Partnership has to be submitted to the strict rules drawn up by Giovanna though. Gino's desire for freedom is suppressed, his desire to leave the place with Giovanna and start a new life far from the fatso push sideways. Giovanna aims at another goal: finding Bragana dead, inheriting and, in addition, collecting the insurance premium. From her Gino it degenerates into a self-sacrificing tool. Being completely in compassion of this woman she becomes a cold bloodless killer. But in contrast to Giovanna he questioned the crime of commitment on a moral level. Many take Bragana's side, including the sleep in the bed of a deceased person, which causes a profound disaster in itself. And later, after receiving information about the upcoming payment of the insurance money and seems to see Giovanna's inventive plan, he also executed a physical separation from his lover and found comfort in the arms of a whore. <br /> <If Visconti's film was completed at this point, it could easily be classified as a condemnation portal in a cool, compulsive and unfair woman with a slight touch of social criticism. But then the last sequences make this construct carefully to build mind ideas. At last Giovanna feels concerned about what she did, and by the uncompromising revelations of her intimate feelings she succeeded in influencing Gino's love again. Violent death is not an absurd road accident then does not just leave him helpless at the mercy of an arbitrary fate. It also affects us, while we realize that any of the acting characters is to be responsible for the disasters. The culprit is just the state of a corporation that determines the way of the individual right from the start. <br /> <br />
