Today's audience will probably watch a movie like Ossessione and not really consider how unprecedented it was during the time when it came out. The movie structure is truly divorced by Hollywood happy conferences and other important theater elements. It relies more on describing the reality of a very cruel and moderate light. The film of this film is neo-realistic ?? They had to reflect the darkness felt during post-World War II times. Ossession tackles some provocative issues that were probably unseen on the previous screen, including: adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. Aside from the injection technique one and certain swelling times, the aesthetics of the movie is very rare and fearless : injection on-site, use natural lighting and most likely non-popular actors. All of these elements helped to convey the issues explored in the film, which provides this theme: Negative impact karmic will hack those who deliberately act immorally. <br /> <br /> Two guides to Gino and Giovanna ?? They oppose polar, yet both bring the mentality: we're bored and we want to be entertained. Gino is a heat; a lone traveler who embraces life with its constant fluctuations. Giovanna is a bored married woman who is frequently cemented in marital status: she does not want to leave home with her husband, but rather wants to stay where she is safe. Gino's form represents the ideal Giovanna crazy life; The only difference is that it's too scary to live it himself ?? That's why she fell in love with Gino: she represents everything she wants, but she does not have the courage to get. He wants to live in a free world of the monotony of living with his depraved husband? Gino is the perfect ticket to this world. The occurrence between the two most likely audiences back in the 40's felt a bit uncomfortable. I mean, before the neo-realistic film has never been shown as scandalous behavior on screen before. To say at least it was probably somewhat alarming. <br /> In conjunction with the theme, the neo-realist style helps to show negative consequences of adultery behavior. Succinctly wearing adult behavior (as shown in the movie) leads to depression and ultimately deadened life. When Gino and Giovanna conspire with each other in "eliminating" Giovanna's husband, karma comes to haunt them as a misfortune after the title is done. They return to their homes: The atmosphere is dark and bite (as expected in the neo-realistic style). They are not happy; are actually more depressed. They thought that by eliminating Giovanna's husband they would live their happiest lives, but they were duped. The movie ends with Giovanna's death and was in karmic simulation of her husband's death. I think this is a very satisfying ending for many reasons. Here's why. <br /> There are a lot of talk as if evil would be shown on screen, and if so, to what extent. I think that describing what is wrong is very necessary if and only if the wrong show is not praised, but instead shows the negative consequences of these bad actions. As the substance of Ossessione requires, is adultery and evil murder? I think the movie replied yes yes! Adultery behavior between two reveals how happy they are. Ironically, towards the end of the movie when they seem to be healing of their depression and see gilded in each other's arms inside the car, the author of the movie shows that happiness is, in fact, a facade: car crashes on the cliff and in the river, kill Giovanna; Gino arrest the police. I think it was the author's intention to say that even though people sometimes try and justify their immoral behavior, the coma end will come back to haunt them. I agree. I think the two got what had come to them because they both were incredibly selfish ?? always want instant gratitude and do not want to endure in difficult times. This was specifically made clear after the first signs of difficulty that Gino and Giovanna experienced in their relationships: it can not handle the pressure of living in Giovanna's shadow husband, so she left Giovanna and slept with another girl. These are typical of the insatiable, hedonist personality. <br /> In all, the movie seemed very risky for its time. The audience, however, was preparing to see a movie because of the moderation of the war. Those who were pre-war, happy-go-lucky films were no longer believing. Movie-gone audiences were ready to see and contemplate film hard and complex characters: They wanted to see characters whose lives were entrenched by what's called 'sin' because it was a reflection of their own living problems. Ossession, then act as a great catalyst for the future of the movie titled. That is, a lot of the natural piece we see today can be said to have been influenced by the neo-realism film.
