Ossession, fits injuries (or if it is like loose or close to the version I've seen in James M. Cain in the Postman Still twice with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange I can not be sure) by the first time director Luchino Visconti, by There is no less exceptional with it in mis-en-scene, music (both dangers and non-digestive), and acting. I did not know what to expect Visconti to do in his approach to the material, after seeing La Terra Trema and seeing how sometimes his political motivation snuck in a little. But this is a totally and emotionally-based character, bordering on melodrama (however, without the conventions that tie down less), and the style of the finest way of motion-film budding, Visconti Creating a first one as being involved with any other neo-realistic film. Neo-realism, by the way, could claim as an ancestor (along with De Sica in the children watching us), which would take shape after the war. Although love and romance are much more fun here than in some of the most popular neo-realisary efforts, he faced with a storytelling make-dice, and he laced with other familiar terms of neo-realism ( lower class, death, desperate). Aside from the story, which is simply as described on this site, the artistic and visconti captures the images, and then the layers and objects (a shawl on Gino Costa profile the air of guilt), shadow and darkness tend to overcome many of the later scenes of the movie (usually over Gian and Giovanna), and the feeling of the Italian streets of many of the exterior scenes. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who would have some lens of Rossellini and Fellini's films) to help contemplate the look of Ossessione, which usually moves in on a character, then positively reads many emotions about the faces, voices and Stylish and ugly styling, sad and black and romantic. I think I was just scratching the surface on how efficient it was that the movie itself moved me along, just as I feared the futures of their conduct. The two guides (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) show all the satisfaction, truth, and pre-operation emotions, and key players are also supported without their attributes. <br /> It's a brilliant, crushing adaptation, and it points as a peaceful sign of what has come to visconti in his career.
