Luchino Visconti was light years ahead of its contemporaries. The great directors of Italy in the 40s and 50s were people who understood the medium, but was Luchino Visconti, a man of visionary, who dared to bring a movie like to show what he could do. He clearly shows his early engineering career in his distinguished career with "Ossessione", a film based on James Cain in the "The Still Ring Two Times", which later made by Hollywood, but this version is pales in comparison with what Visconti realized in the movie. Luchino Visconti and his collaborators on the screen included a sick Alberto Moravia, a man who knew about the effects of passion on human beings. The film was well preserved in the DVD format we watched lately. The movie is a must for all film fans because we can see how visconti's visions translate the text into a valid movie in a way that is possible, something missing in the American version. <br /> <br /> What comes to every movie watch, is the intensity that the director came from his key players. Magnificent Clara Calamai does an amazing job as Giovanna, the woman who has been married to an older man, but when Gino appears in her life, all she wants to do is to rid herself of the kind man who gave her an opportunity to live . Giovanna is one of the best creations of Madam Calamai's achievements in Italian movies. The last sequel to the movie shows Mrs. Calamai at her best in the ironic twist that serves as the redemption of the crimes committed by the mischievous crime. <br /> <br /> Equally excellent is Massimo Girotti, one of the best actors in his generation who appears as Gino, who hunky who rises the obsession passion of Giovanna. Gino is the perfect man for Giovanna, something that Mr. Girotti projects with these sophisticated and sophisticated features does not equal before the screen. Mr. Girotti made the man come alive in a performance that seems so easy, yet with another actor he might not have been so noticeable. Juan DeLanda is like Giuseppe, the older man who fell in love with Giovanna. In fact, his character ring is harder than his counterpart in the American film, where he saw more as a buffalo. The film is beautifully photographed by Domenic Scala and Aldo Tonti. They gave the film a natural look that was the Italian route to the director of the era. The original musical notes of Giuseppe Rosati are perfect. Visconti, a man who liked opera and was one of the best directors, also includes Aria by Bizet and Verdi who fit well in the context of the film. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" is a movie of treasures because we see a great Visconti Luchino in its shape.
