(There are some deflectors) I do not read James M. Kay Cain ("Postman Still Rings twice") about which this movie was based, so I could not compare this movie version to it, but I saw with love 1946 The US version (also entitled "Postman"). <br /> Even better is this Gem from Italy, which, I have read, been 'mutilated' in correction because of too many referrals to the fascist registry. Well, no problem? what left is a fine piece of movies, apparently the forerunner of the neo-realistic film-making move. One can certainly see why ?? Despite all the corrections that went on, a pervading sense of society and culture, as well as personal asthma remains, hanging heavy on the protagonists, who therefore face many limits in life. <br /> <br /> Consider Gino, young drivers, not well educated, unemployed, and resorting to standing away, stealing and conning people in order to get by, one pair of shoes so filbar as to be virtually initil. <br /> In Giovanna, she sees a way out, yet she should have kept going, as Giovanna is oppressed by her wedding similar to an older man and some money, her job (working in the tratorial for husband her, slave away from the bar and in the kitchen), and her sex. In the past he had limited options, and decided to marry the restaurant / master station owner (Giuseppe Bregana, played by Juan de Landa) anyway, knowing that he would not make it happy. She tells Gino that she feels sick whenever Bregana touches her. <br /> <br /> On the pretext of helping Bregana fix his car and send him to the village to buy an unnecessary part (which he had in fact pocketed), Gino won Bregana's favor (also promising to break the broken water pump water symbolizing life, or lack thereof) and remains alone with Giovanna. They immediately begin a heady, enthusiastic, but volatile love affair. <br /> <br /> Gino soon feels frustrated by the relationship, and feels the need to move again when Giovanna proposes that she is cast to her husband. Want no part of it, Gino leaves town on a train ride that he can not afford, sweetly paid for him by another gypsy-called Spagnolo, a fellow train passenger. For Gino, Spagnolo represents a sort of freedom, and they become friends (Spagnolo also symbolizes Gino's morality and awareness), travels and finds work in a carnival together. Finally Gino has fixed tasks. According to him (he is not yet over his love for Giovanna), last month when Bregana and his wife went to the carnival and Bregana convinced Gino to `go home 'to live and work with them again, as it is on the but they are around. <br /> <br /> Too weak-resistant, knowing that this will meet him and Giovanna, Gino agrees and goes back to staying with the couple. After a while she gave in to Gina's quest to get rid of her husband. Once the action is done, Giovanna gets colder, shaken, ever seems to have a lot of conscience, while guilt and shame feed away in Gino for a man who never made him wrong . As many as he wants to let him ?? It's just a while, now they are dumb linked, and they must face the consequences. <br /> I love the way the character Spagnolo returned to Gino's life to act as a judge of his bad name ?? which was very good, and interesting, add another dimension to the story. While the '46 US version and Lana Turner and John Garfield have become somewhat lost in a quagmire of peripheral characters, especially the cops and lawyers, Ossessione focuses much more on the psychological effects of the crime on the lovers alone. This gives the final outcome even more potency and makes a powerful statement reinforcing the helpless inherent in the society in which the characters must live. <br /> <br /> A minor chess: The amount of time (hardly any) that the previous love loses is pronounced by the lovers, how quickly they kill the husband (there is no tantched first attempt like in the U.S. version ); Gino's very fast-to-escalate relationship with the dancer / hooker ?? They quickly profess their liking as well, and he wants to risk a great deal of a man he just met! ?? all rather unrealistic, is not it? Did I get this problem trouble-framed? He made me think I should miss something somewhere. Otherwise, well worth seeing the viewer. Acting and the directions were both exactly the same as true. Recommended.
