Watching "Ossessione" today - more than 6 decades later - is still a powerful experience, especially for people interested in film history and more specifically about how movie cinemas change movies forever (approximately from "Ossessione" and De The Sica "I Bambini Ci Guardano", from 1943, up to 20 years later with Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini). Visconti makes an amazing leading debut, taking the plot (incredited) in the "Postman Still Rings Twice" as a guide to the development of his own theme. <br /> It hit us today how ahead of its time "Ossessione" was. Shot in Italy's Fascist during the Second World War (think about it !!), shows scenes and themes that caused the movie to be immediately banned in theater - and the fact that it used the plot of a famous American novel and paid by copyright did not help. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" alarmingly reveals poverty-Ridden war-time Italy (far from the Italian ideal show of fascist "Cell Bianchi" cinema); but she's also very fond of her sexual frankness, and shirtless Gink Gino (Massimo Girotti, who is definitely close to Kowalski Brando's "A Streetcar Wanted Dezi") took Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a married woman, to bed just 5 minutes after first encounter. We look at Calamai's inconvenience, subtropical subtleties and subtle sinews that can not be between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo - a very attractive actor, his face not unlike Pierre Clémenti, who was shot by the Nazis in 1945, in 28 years old!) ... In a few words: sex, lust, avarice and poverty, as relentless as it was rarely, if ever, was shown before in Italian cinema. <br /> <br /> All copies of "Ossessione" were destroyed soon after its opening - it was called scandals and immoral. Visconti managed to save a print, and when the movie was re-released after the war, most critics called it the front-runner of the Neo-Realist movement, before Rossellini's "Roma Citta Aperta" and De Sica's " Sciuscià ". Some other critics, perhaps most appropriate, have seen "Ossessione" as the Italian counterpart of "poetic realist" in French cinema (note Visconti was assistant Renoir), especially Marcel Carné of "Quai des Brumes" and "Le Jour is Throwing" , and Julien Duvivier in "Pépé le Moko". While "Ossessione" can be neo-realistic in its visual language (illustration of life-war pace life in Italy with its popular times, poverty, child labor, prostitution, bums, fraudsters, etc.), the characters and themes was already Viscontian Dedicated. He was always more interested in tragic, passionate, obsessive, vicious characters, in society / political / sexual apartheid, in the decadence of the elites passing through realistic, "daily - life" characters and themes, favored by DeSica and Rossellini. In "Ossessione" we have already found elements of drama and tragedy later developed in many of its films, especially "Senso" (Visconti's definite visit from Neo-Realist aesthetics) and "Rocco and Suoi Fratelli" ... Even in pi His "Neo-Realist" movie, "La Terra Trema", has made his sailor rise from day-to-day mythology characters. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" is a good opportunity to confirm the theory of great artists who have the body of work approaches, analyzing and developing specific themes and concerns over and over again, since the first of their latest opus , no matter if the landscape, background or time-setting can change - Visconti can play with the frame but the terms and essences of its art, well, obsessively recurrent. "Ossessione" is not to be missed: you will surely be fascinated by this ground-breaking, powerful film.
