Visconti's first feature, Ossessione is an adaptation of James M. Cain's Postman Still twice. Now I'm not familiar with this book or the other movie versions, but I'm a big fan of Cain's Double Indemnity (more than I'm a fan of Billy Wilder's movie version of it, in fact). The novellas seem to be very similar. Both involve an illegal love affair where a devoran wife complains of a morally humane man that her husband is worthless and to say to her. Giovanna, the woman in this Italian version, played very well by Clara Calamai, is not wrong as the wife of double indemnity, but she looks very spoiled. Her husband (a great performance by Juan de Landa) is a bit cruel to her, but she hit me as she is at least as compromise with her. It's bigger than it and unattractive, so it's rather unchanged. When Gino shows, a young man, muscular, he takes it about five minutes to get him to bed. She sweats she wants to stay with her forever, but she stays with her husband. They broke up at first, but when they met again, they (apparently, although this is intentionally vague) the husband's murder plan. They are successful, and they move back into the women's city of running in the bar which her husband owns. Gino is very impatient about this idea. He wants Giovanna, but the only thing that he certainly does not want is to sit around in one place for the rest of his life. Their relationships quickly fall. Ossession is a very complex movie with complex characters. It's always fascinating, but it goes on a bit too long. In two and twenty-two minutes, I can not, for the life of me, know how long ago it has been! This is partly due to the neoliberal styles that Visconti have invented in this film. It was, after all, the first movie that contained that label. We see a lot of action extending as it would be in real life, without any hurry to the next point scheme. I have seen many of Visconti's films, and the only one I like better than this one is Rocco and his brother (1960). His direction is as great as it ever was, with the camera moving glossy and the perfect correction. I also feel I need to point out the best performance film, by Dhia Christiani as a genuine (exotic) dancer and partial whore named Anita Gino people satisfied after he begins to try to break away from Giovanna. It is only in the movie for perhaps five or six minutes, and has only a few lines. It's shocking how many Visconti and Christiani can do with this character in a short time. It is absolutely heartbreaking. 9/10.
